The Jeffersons,Michael,"[sits up quickly] Oh oh, we were just having a slumber party."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,The boys sit up and look at Randy.
The Jeffersons,Randy,"Mr. Jefferson, this is highly inappropriate!"
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Inappropriate? No, you're being ignorant. They're my friends. You see, I- I didn't have a childhood, so I'm really just a child myself."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,He takes out some bills from a back pocket and approaches Randy and Sharon
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Here, everything's okay. I want you each to have a hundred dollars. [gives each of them 100 dollar bills]"
The Jeffersons,Randy,"Wow, I'm gonna go buy that new sport coat I've been wanting. [leaves, and Sharon watches him go]"
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Come on, Blanket. We have to go home and feed the animals. Bye, friends. [quickly leaves with Blanket in tow]"
The Jeffersons,Sharon,"Boys, I do not want you going over to Mr. Jefferson's anymore. Do you understand?"
The Jeffersons,Stan,"You don't have to tell us twice, Mom. That guy's a freak!"
The Jeffersons,Cartman,"Not go to Mr. Jefferson's anymore? Well, excuse my French, Mrs. Marsh, but you can suck my fat, hairy balls! [Stan, Kyle, and Sharon are shocked]"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The stakeout at Jefferson house, day. The two officers are snoring, but Yates is roused by the sound of a voice."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Come on, Blanket!"
The Jeffersons,Yates,Hey Har- Har- Harris! Harris!
The Jeffersons,Harris,[walks] Wha- wha- what?
The Jeffersons,Yates,"It's Jefferson! He's back! [gets on his communicator] All right, people. Let's give Blacky a nice welcome home."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,He and Harris whip out firearms and aim. Mr. Jefferson opens the front door and goes back to the front lawn to retrieve his wooden sword.
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Whoa, wait a minute! [withdraws his gun] That guy isn't black!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Blanket heads down the steps, and Mr. Jefferson takes him inside."
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Holy God, his son isn't black either! Oh Jesus! [gets on his communicator] This is Yates! Stand down! I repeat, stand down! Suspect is not black!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Yates scolds Harris.
The Jeffersons,Yates,"You son of a bitch, you told my this guy was African-American!"
The Jeffersons,Harris,It says right here on the final sheet he is!
The Jeffersons,Yates,[shoves Harris's face against the windshield] Does that look like a black guy to you?!
The Jeffersons,Harris,It said on the final sheet!
The Jeffersons,Yates,[throws a fit] Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! We could have made an innocent man go to jail who wasn't black! Oh!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"He grabs his own neck, then quickly opens his door and vomits onto the street."
The Jeffersons,Yates,Wuuugh! Wuugh! Ohaugh. Ugh.
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Yates wipes his lips clean with the back of his hand and now looks exhausted.
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Jesus, Harris. What are we becoming? We're supposed to... protect the people. Where have we lost our way?"
The Jeffersons,Harris,"Sir, it's possible that he is black, even though he doesn't look it."
The Jeffersons,Yates,[whips around and says menacingly] To hell with you! I'm never gonna frame an innocent man again! Unless I know he's black for sure!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Inside the house, Mr. Jefferson closes all the windows and curtains."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"All the adults are trying to get us. Get up to your room, Blanket, and put your mask on! We can't go outside anymore!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Moments later, Blanket is in his room looking outside. Across the street, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk by. Kyle looks up and notices Blanket looking bored.."
The Jeffersons,Kyle,[stops] That poor kid.
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Dude, come on. We're not supposed to go over there."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Kyle crosses the street anyway and Kenny shrugs. Stan and Kenny follow/
The Jeffersons,Blanket,[opens his windows as they approach] Hi guys!
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"Hey Blanket. Uh, look, we're goin' over to help my dad chop wood. You... wanna come with?"
The Jeffersons,Blanket,Really? You mean it?
The Jeffersons,Michael,"[interrupts, clapping] Oh yay, my friends are here! Come inside and play, guys!"
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Ah, actually, Mr. Jefferson, we were seeing if Blanket wanted to chop wood with us."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Chop wood? No, that's ignorant. That's poopie work. Blanket and me wanna play!"
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Mr. Jefferson, uh, it might be good for Blanket to learn how to chop wood."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Blanket likes to play, don't you Blanket? [picks him up and moves him around through the open window] Wee, look! He can fly!"
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"[the boys fear for Blanket's life] Jesus Christ, dude!"
The Jeffersons,Blanket,Aaaaaah! [Mr. Jefferson dangles him around by his left foot]
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Stop, you fucking lunatic! [Mr. Jefferson's moustache falls off and down to the ground, he pulls Blanket back inside and closes the window]"
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"Dude, we have got to get that kid away from him!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Blanket's room. He's crying on a giant plush teddy bear. Mr. Jefferson tries to soothe him.
The Jeffersons,Michael,"No, Blanket, shhhh. Stop crying. It's okay, Blanket. Here, look."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Michael spins around and does a pelvic thrust.
The Jeffersons,Michael,Jeekabee durtah! [a kick and outstretched arm] Ow!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Blanket returns to crying into his teddy bear, Mr. Jefferson goes to soothe him again."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"There, Blanket, shhhh. [tries to distract Blanket] Hey, hey look, hey look."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Michael touches Blanket's nose and has his thumb pop out between index and middle finger.
The Jeffersons,Michael,"I got your nose. [does it again.] Look! Lookit, I got your nose. I got your nose, Blanket. See?"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Does it again, and Blanket is quiet. He then smiles and grabs at his father's nose, giggling... and finds it in his hand."
The Jeffersons,Blanket,Aaaaaaaah! [throws it away and runs out of his bedroom]
The Jeffersons,Michael,"No, Blanket, stop!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"picks up his nose, puts it back in place, and pursues Blanket."
The Jeffersons,Michael,It's ignorant. You're being ignorant!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Yates' house, later. He enters. A woman appears moments later."
The Jeffersons,Maggie,"Harrison, why haven't you called? You know how I worry."
The Jeffersons,Yates,"I'm givin' up, Maggie. I'm quitting the force."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Yatesremoves his jacket, and places it on a coat rack, then walks to a desk."
The Jeffersons,Maggie,Quitting the force? You?
The Jeffersons,Yates,"None of it makes sense anymore. [sits down and unloads his frustrations] I don't even know if what we're doing is right. The last thirteen hours we've been working on a case, trying to get a real scumbag off the streets. And when he walked up to the door, I could have sworn he was white. Maybe I can't tell the difference anymore. Maybe it doesn't matter. Because it seems like every time we frame a rich black guy, he's back out on the streets in no time. It's just like OJ. Do you know how hard those cops worked to frame him? The tireless hours they put in?! And then he just gets off because somebody messed up and said the N word out loud too many times. I guess I'm just tired. I'm just damn tired."
The Jeffersons,Maggie,"[approaches and consoles him] Not another word of that kind of talk, Harrison Yates. [he looks up at her] Believe me I would love nothin' more than to have you quit the force and no longer have to worry about whether or not you're comin' home. But I know you. Framin' rich black men for crimes they didn't commit is in your blood. Wiping that rich, smug smile off their faces is the only thing that puts a smile on yours. You're a good cop, Harrison Yates. You don't have to question that. Because I'm here to tell you. [she caresses him, he kisses her hand]"
The Jeffersons,Yates,"And you're a good wife, Maggie. You know me better than I know myself. [abruptly rises and goes to the coat rack]"
The Jeffersons,Maggie,Where're you goin'?
The Jeffersons,Yates,Think I've got a little more work to do. [puts on his coat and heads outside]
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The Jefferson house, night. Cartman walks up to the door and knocks."
The Jeffersons,Cartman,"Mr. Jefferson? It's your best friend in the whole wide world, Eric Cartman. Mr. Jefferson? I came to sleep over tonight, remember?"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Mr. Jefferson room. He's on the phone with someone.
The Jeffersons,Michael,"No, Dr. Nelson, I'm telling you, you have to fly out here right now! My nose came off again!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Michael tosses his nose away, puts more lipstick on his lips."
The Jeffersons,Michael,I know you live in California; I'll pay for your plane ticket!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Michael pulls at his hair, and some of it comes off."
The Jeffersons,Michael,But I'm falling apart! I need some more of that cream and the injections! I have to look young again!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Michael picks up a stylus and pokes his lips, which pop and let fly some collagen. The skin on his lower jaw drops down and reveals some teeth."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Oh, I'm melting!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The Jefferson house, outside. A ladder is propped up against the side of the house. Kyle, Stan, and another boy approach. The boy wears the same mask Blanket usually does."
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"All right. Thanks a lot for helping us, dude."
The Jeffersons,Kenny,"Yeah, sure, whatever."
The Jeffersons,Stan,You just gotta pretend you're Blanket until we can get the real Blanket somewhere safe.
The Jeffersons,Kenny,Aren't I too big to be Blanket?
The Jeffersons,Kyle,[seething as he climbs the ladder] I don't think Mr. Jefferson pays enough attention to his son to notice. Come on! [Stan and Kenny follow]
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Blanket's bedroom. Blanket silently cries and the door creaks open.
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Blanket, you in here?"
The Jeffersons,Blanket,[excited] Hi guys!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, and Kenny spread out and hop onto Blanket's bed."
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"Shh, Blanket, we're gonna take you away for a little while, okay? [Kenny looks around]"
The Jeffersons,Blanket,"You are? Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Kyle whisks Blanket away, Stan motions Kenny into place."
The Jeffersons,Stan,"All right dude, get in his bed."
The Jeffersons,Kenny,"[gets under the covers] All right, but you guys owe me for this."
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Dude, whatever. At least you finally get to do something. [hops off and leaves]"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Santa Barbara Police Department, Snetzl's desk. His phone rings and he picks it up."
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"Santa Barbara Police Department, this is Snetzl."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Park County Police Department, Yates' desk."
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Hello, this is Sergeant Yates over at the Park County Police Department in Colorado."
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"Yes, sergeant. What can I do for you?"
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Well, we've been trying to frame this guy who just moved into our town, and the fil-o-fax says he moved from your area. One Martin Jefferson?"
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"Hm. No, we never had any rich African-Americans named Jefferson here. If we had, we would have framed him ourselves."
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Well, he doesn't really look that black."
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"Yeah, I don't, uh... Hold on a second. There was one we framed a couple of times, but the black bastard was so rich he made bail and disappeared before the trial."
The Jeffersons,Yates,You say he disappeared? What did you frame him for?
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"We, uhhh, found some kids that had stayed over at his place, and we asked them to lie and make up some false molestation charges."
The Jeffersons,Yates,"Molestation, nice."
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"Yeah, it was a lot of work. Took years, but we were finally able to arrest him. Then we planted some evidence, took embarrassing photos of his penis, and threw him in a dirty prison cell with feces on the walls. You should have seen him squirm!"
The Jeffersons,Yates,"That's damn fine police work, sergeant. Damn fine."
The Jeffersons,Snetzl,"Heh, yeah, but the point is this guy didn't really look black either. We had to sneak in while he was asleep and get a DNA sample to be sure."
The Jeffersons,Yates,[rises from his chair. Other officers draw near] Jesus Christ Monkeyballs! It must be the same guy!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,The Jefferson house. Cartman knocks on the front door again.
The Jeffersons,Cartman,"Mr. Jefferson, hello?!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The bathroom. Stan, Kyle, and Blanket prepare a carry-on bag."
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"Come on, Blanket! We gotta go before your dad sees us."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,They turn towards the window next to the tub and head to it. Michael appears behind them.
The Jeffersons,Michael,What are you doing with my Blanket?
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The boys freeze. Kyle turns around and sees a disjointed, disheveled Jefferson in a Thriller outfit. The camera does a vertigo effect. Michael walks up to the boys."
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Come on, Blanket, play with me. Jeechabee durtah! Hee! [an outstretched arm]"
The Jeffersons,"Stan, Kyle, Blanket",Haaaaa!
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Go, go, ruuun! [the boys run out of the bathroom]"
The Jeffersons,Mr. Jefferson,[whispers as he walks] Sutah!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,The Hallway. The boys run towards the stairs.
The Jeffersons,"Stan, Kyle, Blanket",Haaaaa!
The Jeffersons,Michael,[rounds a corner onto the hallway] Wuchatennah! Jamonah! Heehee!
The Jeffersons,Stan,[The boys enter Blanket's room] Oh Jesus!
The Jeffersons,Kenny,"What the hell is going on, you guys?"
The Jeffersons,Michael,"[enters and heads for Blanket's bed] My Blanket! Let's play, Blanket! [pulls Kenny out of the bed]"
The Jeffersons,Kenny,"Nonono wait, I'm not Blanket!"
The Jeffersons,Michael,"[tossing Kenny up into the air] Wee, he can fly! He can fly!"
The Jeffersons,Kenny,"Aaaah! Aaaah, stop! A-"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Kenny's head goes through the ceiling and blood runs down his body. It begins to drip from his feet.
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Oh my God, he killed Kenny!"
The Jeffersons,Kyle,You bastard!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Michael turns around and sees the boys.
The Jeffersons,Michael,Blanket? Blanket! Come play! [slowly approaches the boys]
The Jeffersons,Blanket,Nooo! [Stan turns to leave]
The Jeffersons,Kyle,[grabs Blanket's hand and leaves as well] Come on!
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The Jefferson house, front lawn. Kyle opens the front door and the boys exit."
The Jeffersons,Stan,"Run, Blanket, Run!"
The Jeffersons,Blanket,[stumbles] Ah!
The Jeffersons,Michael,[exits] Dainduh! Dainduh Dainduh!
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"[Kyle and Stan help Blanket up] Hang on, Blanket!"
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"The three run off and a floodlight turns on, blinding Michael."
The Jeffersons,Mr. Jefferson,[shielding his eyes] Dugh! Heehee! Ja-!
The Jeffersons,Yates,"[through his bullhorn] Freeze, Jefferson! The gig is up! You are wanted for child mo-les-tation!"
The Jeffersons,Cartman,"[hops to Mr. Jefferson's defense, standing in front of him] No! I am sick and tired of people harassing Mr. Jefferson! [a crowd, including the boys' parents, gathers] All I've been hearing since Mr. Jefferson moved here are sick lies! That he molests children, that he's a bad father, that he has plastic surgery!"
The Jeffersons,Michael,It's ignorant.
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"His lower jaw literally drops to the ground. He bends down, picks it up, and pops it back in place."
The Jeffersons,Cartman,"Sure, maybe Mr. Jefferson's a little different. But that's because he had to work all the time when he was young and missed out on his childhood. What's wrong with wanting to have the innocence and beauty of a child?"
The Jeffersons,Kyle,"[returns with Blanket] All right, let's just say all the bad things said about Mr. Jefferson are lies! Let's say the police department does just go around spending their time framing people for crimes they didn't commit! Let's say it's all made up, and Mr. Jefferson is just a nice guy who's trying to be a child because he never got to have a childhood. Well that's fine, except for that he HAS children now! And when people have children, they have to grow up!"
The Jeffersons,Michael,"[closeup for a few seconds] You're right. I've been so obsessed with my childhood that I've forgotten about his. I thought having lots of rides and toys was enough, but... Blanket doesn't need a playmate. He needs a father, and a normal life. Chickuckoo gainuh. [genuflects behind Blanket] Blanket, I wanna give away all my money. I- I wanna get a normal job and... take a shot at raising you in a normal setting."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,"Blanket removes the ornate mask, and Blanket blinks while shielding his eyes. Blanket moves over to his friends."
The Jeffersons,Blanket,Look everybody! I'm a normal little boy.
The Jeffersons,Yates,"[approaches with Harris] Well, if you're gonna give away all your money, then, I guess we can drop all those charges. No point in putting another poor black man in jail."
The Jeffersons,Kyle,All right! Things just might work out!
The Jeffersons,Michael,"Things can always work out, as long as we know we have the power to change."
The Jeffersons,Scene Description,Music begins to play as the neighbors and officers gather around him.
The Jeffersons,Michael,"We all have the power to change if we search inside our hearts And we start to heal the wounds of all our yesterdays And you know it might be hard, but all you've got to do is start, And you can change all of your evil molesting ways. Jejabee durtah! Hee-hee! OOOOH! Jejabee durtah! Hee-hee! Jamonah! butcha-tamonah! Chich-cha!"
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Interstate 285 looking north, twilight fading to night. There are two lanes on either side of the highway, with a grass median in between. A Snacky Cakes truck rolls by. Tumbleweeds begin to roll. A few seconds later, the highway sign begins to shake violently and then crackle with lightning. The camera pans to the right and more lightning is seen until a sphere of energy with a doorway appears. More tumbleweeds roll by."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"A flash of light follows, and a humanoid steps forth from the sphere. He looks around and mumbles something. He walks towards the highway, looking around all the while. A car comes up quick on him and he freezes in the headlights for a while, then jumps out of the way as a Busy Beavers Moving Company truck barrels past him. A car comes up on him on the other side of the highway. He gets up quickly and steps out of the way. Traffic picks up and the humanoid dodges all the vehicles until a car almost runs him over. The car brakes and tips him over."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The boys approach a house, which has more snow on it than usual in South Park, especially along the windows. Indeed, it looks like the town has just had a snow storm overnight. Each of the boys carries a shovel. Stan rings the bell. A woman answers."
Goobacks,Woman,Yes?
Goobacks,Cartman,[sweetly] Hello ma'am. We're going around town and offering snow-shoveling service. Would you like your driveway and sidewalk shoveled for eight thousand dollars?
Goobacks,Woman,"Oh well, I certainly could use some little snow-shovelers, but eight thousand dollars seems a little steep. How about ten dollars?"
Goobacks,Cartman,"Ooo, ouch, ma'am, please, let go of that tight grip you have on my balls! Ten dollars, you're breaking my balls, ma'am!"
Goobacks,Woman,How about fifteen dollars?
Goobacks,Cartman,"It's a deal! All right, guys, let's get to work! [moments later, Stan and Kyle are clearing the driveway while Kenny clears the front lawn, moving by Cartman, who is now seated on the steps talking on a cell phone] Yeah, it's so totally awesome. Craig crapped his pants when he saw it. Yeah, sweet. So what's goin' on over there? Yeah, that's pretty cool. [Kyle walks up to him and stops] No way! He did not! Aw dude, that is so weak. [notices Kyle, then lowers the phone] What?"
Goobacks,Kyle,You've been on your fucking phone since we started!
Goobacks,Cartman,"Dude, I'm takin' a break."
Goobacks,Kyle,A break from what?! You haven't done anything!
Goobacks,Cartman,"Kyle, how many times do we have to go through this? I'm the negotiator. I negotiate our price with the customers."
Goobacks,Kyle,All you ever do is talk about your balls!
Goobacks,Cartman,"It works, doesn't it? Did I not just get us an extra five bucks?"
Goobacks,Kyle,"If you want your share of the money, then you're gonna shovel snow like the rest of us!"
Goobacks,Cartman,"Hey! Don't boss me around, you fuckin' Jew! I will kick your ass!"
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Moments later the doorbell rings again. This time the camera is in the house looking at the door from an angle. The woman approaches and opens the door. The boys are shown, with Cartman keeping his now-bloody nose from oozing any more blood."
Goobacks,Stan,"Ma'am, do you have a rag and some bandages?"
Goobacks,Woman,"Oh goodness, what happened?"
Goobacks,Cartman,Shoveling accident.
Goobacks,Woman,"Oooh, no, come on inside. [leads them in and stops in the middle of the living room, in front of the TV. A newscast is on] Wait right here, I'll be right back. [walks off]"
Goobacks,Cartman,"You're so lucky I have a... sore shoulder, Kyle, or I would have let you have it."
Goobacks,Stan,"Cartman, just keep your mouth shut."
Goobacks,News Announcer,This is breaking news. Here's Anchorman Aaron Brown. [the boys turn to watch]
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"[CNN anchor. An image of the humanoid is shown, with the caption ""Guest from the Future"" above it] Incredible, absolutely amazing news today. A man from the future has come back in time and is in a government hospital after being hit by a car."
Goobacks,Stan,Whoa.
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,Christina Naylon has more.
Goobacks,Christina Nylon,"[soldiers patrol the area around Hangar 18] The news is incredible, Aaron. Experts and scientists have been with the man from the future for several hours now, and have been able to learn that he is from the year 3045. His condition is stable, and speculation continues as to why he has come. Has he come to deliver a cure for cancer? Or to fix something wrong with the past?"
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"Have to interrupt you there, Christina. Apparently, Brad Morgan is inside the base with breaking news. Brad?"
Goobacks,Brad Morgan,"[inside the base. Scientists and soldiers mill around the alien's bed] Aaron, the scientists have been able to communicate further and have uncovered that the man from one thousand years in the future has come to our time... looking for work. Uh, he has said that the future is so overwhelmingly overpopulated that there are simply no jobs in his time, and so he built a time portal and has come back to 21st century America, uh, to find a job here."
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"Heheh, it's absolutely astounding. He came back here for work?"
Goobacks,Brad Morgan,"Huh... that's right, Aaron. Hi- his plan is to get a job here, in our time, so that he can put the money he earns into a savings account, uh, which will earn interest, and by the year 3045 be worth billions of dollars, uh which of course in the future will be worth only hundreds of dollars, but uh, enough, he says, to feed his family."
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"And now I understand we're going to Harrison Moore, uh, for an explanation on how the time portal works. Harrison?"
Goobacks,Harrison Moore,"[at the time portal. News vans, reporters and scientists, one in a space suit, gather around and marvel at the portal] Aaron, I'm standing at the time border which scientists say follow Terminator rules. That is, it's one way only and you can't go back. This is in contrast, say, to Back To The Future rules, where back and forth is possible, and of course, Timerider rules, which are just plain silly. Anyway, it appears that the man from the future is here to stay."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Later, Stan returns home. He enters with his shovel."
Goobacks,Stan,"Mom, Dad! Did you see? They found a man from the future!"
Goobacks,Randy,"We know, Stanley. We've been watching."
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"If you're just joining us, a man from over two thousand years into the future has come through a one-way time portal looking for work. Uh, the President is expected to give an announcement at any time."
Goobacks,Harrison Moore,"Breaking news here at the time portal, Aaron. It appears that another person from the future has just arrived! [the camera pans right to show a HazMat team checking the person for radiation] It looks as if the job at Wendy's did work for the original immigrant; this second arrivee claims that man's family is now much better off, and wishes the same for his family."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. Sharon puts Stan to bed and tucks him in."
Goobacks,Sharon,"There you go. All set, sweetie?"
Goobacks,Stan,"Mom, can we go try to see the people from the future? I have a bunch of questions I wanna ask 'em."
Goobacks,Sharon,"I'm sure a lot of people do, hon. It's pretty exciting, isn't it? Now, you just get some sleep. [turns off Stan's lamp] You've had a busy day. [walks off. At the door she turns and looks at him] Goodnight, sweetie."
Goobacks,Stan,"Night, Mom. [after she leaves, he puts his arms up and behind his head and smiles] Wow, two people from the future. How cool."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Interstate 285 looking north, twilight fading to night. The highway sign begins to shake violently and then crackle with lightning. The camera pans to the right and more lightning is seen until it reaches the portal. A flash of light follows, and an humanoid steps forth from the sphere. Another flash brings forth another humanoid. Another flash brings forth a third humanoid. Another flash brings forth his wife, another flash brings forth their daughter, and another flash brings forth their son. Another flash brings forth another humanoid. They head for the highway, which is busy now. They all make their way across, avoiding being struck as they cross the lanes."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The boys once again make their rounds as shovelers and stop at a house. Stan rings the doorbell, the door opens, and a different woman greets them."
Goobacks,Mrs. Landis,Yes?
Goobacks,Stan,"Hello, Mrs. Landis. Would you like snow-shoveling service again today?"
Goobacks,Mrs. Landis,"Ooh, oh dear, I'm sorry boys, but I've already hired someone else to do it."
Goobacks,Cartman,What?! Who?!
Goobacks,Mrs. Landis,One of those immigrants from the future. He said he would do it for twenty-five cents.
Goobacks,Kyle,Twenty-five cents? Well that's not even worth it.
Goobacks,Stan,"All right guys, come on. Let's go to the next house. [the boys turn to go back to the sidewalk...]"
Goobacks,Kyle,Dude. [the camera pulls back to show these immigrants shoveling snow off sidewalks and driveways up and down the street]
Goobacks,Stan,Son of a bitch!
Goobacks,Scene Description,"CNN News Brief. An image of a family from the future is shown, with the caption above reading ""Time Immigrants""."
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"Still more immigrants from the future arrived at the time border today, some even bringing their entire families. the purplish goo that they have on their bodies when they arrive is an ectoplasmic side effect of the time-travel process. This is all giving scientists a great opportunity to learn even more about American life in the future. Chris Holt joins us now. Chris?"
Goobacks,Chris Holt,"[seated to Brown's left] Yes, there are incredible things we're learning about Americans in the future, Aaron. I- it appears that in the future, Americans have evolved into a hairless uniform mix of all races. They are all one color, which is a yellowy light-brownish whitish color. Uh, it seems race is no longer an issue in the future, because all ethnicities have mixed into one. Perhaps most interesting is how this has affected their language. The people in the future speak a complete mix of English, Chinese, Turkish and, indeed, all world languages, which sounds something like this: [makes three guttural sounds] Back to you, Aaron."
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,"Apparently the people from the future are having a pretty easy time finding work. Since they offer to work for such low wages, they're being hired all over America."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"A meeting has assembled somewhere. Two flags hang from the back of the meeting room, one of them American, the other of Colorado. Men from all walks of life argue amongst themselves."
Goobacks,Man 1,"[left side, front row] This is bullcrap! I ain't standin' for this!"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"[at the podium] All right, folks, my name is Darryl Weathers and I'm with the Construction Workers' Union. I work with a lot of fine men who have families to feed. Now, I don't know about you all, but we worked long and hard to get our pay up to a level where we could make a decent living. And now these people from the future are showin' up and offerin' to do the same work for next to nothin'! They took our jobs! [the audience, which is unemployed, clamors in agreement]"
Goobacks,Man 2,"[rises, wears dark blue short-sleeve shirt, black pants] We're in the moving business! Fourteen years we've been workin' our butts off! Now these future folk come in and we can't get work nowhere! They took our jobs!"
Goobacks,Man 3,They took your jobs! [the rest of the audience clamors]
Goobacks,Man 4,Well what about us in the fast-food business?! The restaurants are firing us 'cause the future people work for a lot less! They took our jobs!
Goobacks,Other men,[at random times] They took your jobs!
Goobacks,Stan,"[pipes up] It's affecting kids too! Me and my friends started our own snow-shoveling business. We were trying to be responsible and make money, you know? But then the people came along and, and now we're out of work too! [silence] Oh, they took our jobs!"
Goobacks,Other men,[at random times] They took yer jobs!
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Interstate 285 looking north, twilight fading to night. The highway sign is shown, but the camera pulls back to show a new CAUTION sign showing an entire family crossing. The signs begin to sway back and forth violently and crackle with lightning. The portal is shown, but now it expands so the people from the future swarm into the present en masse."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"South Park, night. At Stan's house, Randy and Sharon are at the sofa reading. Sharon reads a book, Randy reads the paper. Stan enters from the front. Sharon spots him."
Goobacks,Sharon,"Stanley, it's almost eight o'clock. Where have you been?"
Goobacks,Stan,I was at a rally to protest all the immigrants from the future coming in and tryin' to- [an immigrant descends the stairs with a basket of dirty clothes and stops to ask Sharon something using guttural sounds]
Goobacks,Sharon,"Oh yes, the laundry machine is down in the basement and our son is home. Could you please set the table for dinner? [the immigrant makes some guttural sounds and walks away]"
Goobacks,Stan,[leery] Who is that?
Goobacks,Randy,"That's our new housekeeper, Mrs. Gruhd. She's gonna help around the house on Tuesdays and Thursdays. [aside] And she'll do it for ten cents an hour."
Goobacks,Stan,"Oh, but that's the problem! Those goobacks are taking our jobs!"
Goobacks,Sharon,What?!
Goobacks,Randy,"Oh my God! [he and Sharon rise, Stan backs away a bit] Stan Marsh, how dare you use that time-bashing slur?!"
Goobacks,Sharon,Who taught you to talk like that?!
Goobacks,Stan,"Well dude, they are taking people's jobs away."
Goobacks,Randy,They're only taking the small menial jobs that nobody else really wants to do.
Goobacks,Stan,I wanted my job!
Goobacks,Randy,"Hey, Stanley, you need to understand something: Those people from the future have had a hard life! Where they come from is dirty and overpopulated and poor! You can't even imagine the kind of depression they come from! So, for us, who have everything sooo good, to judge them, is wrong! Do you understand?! Next time you think about calling them goobacks, you might just wanna stop for a second and think about how crappy the future really is!"
Goobacks,Sharon,That's right! We're not raising our son to be an ignorant timecist.
Goobacks,Stan,Timecist?
Goobacks,Sharon,"You know, a racist, but against people from the-"
Goobacks,Stan,"People from the future. Right, got it."
Goobacks,Randy,"All right, good. Now, let's all go eat some of Mrs. Gruhd's great future cooking."
Goobacks,Scene Description,The O'Reilly Factor.
Goobacks,Announcer,"And now, here is Bill O'Reilly."
Goobacks,Bill O'Reilly,"Welcome, welcome to the No-Spin Zone, all right? And what we're talkin' about today are the immigrants from the future. All right? Now, most people are more than happy to give a helping hand to these people who obviously need it. All right? But others are starting to say that the time portal should be closed off. All right? Now, I've got two guests with me tonight who have opposing views on the matter. On my right is pissed-off, white-trash, redneck conservative."
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Thanks for having me, Bill."
Goobacks,Bill O'Reilly,"And on my left is aging, hippie, liberal douche."
Goobacks,Douche,Hello.
Goobacks,Bill O'Reilly,"Now, pissed-off redneck, you say we shouldn't allow anyone else through the time portal, all right?"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,You're Goddamned right! These people from the future are takin' all the work away from us decent present-day Americans! [leans in and low and almost grunts] They took our jobs!
Goobacks,Skynard Man,They took our jobs!
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,Those jobs belong to people from the present!
Goobacks,Bill O'Reilly,"All right. What say you, aging hippie liberal douche?"
Goobacks,Douche,"Heh, it's typical for conservatives rednecks like these to view the immigrants as the problem, heh, but really, the problem is America. It is our greedy multinational corporations that keep everyone else in poverty. Your ancestors came to America as immigrants. What right do you have to turn these people away?"
Goobacks,Bill O'Reilly,"All right, redneck, your rebuttal?"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"[says nothing, then rises, leans forward and low, and almost grunts] They took our jobs!!"
Goobacks,Skynard man,They took our jobs!
Goobacks,Stout man,[really slurring] Too-kourderb!!
Goobacks,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school bell rings and the students are in their seats. So are a lot of new immigrant students."
Goobacks,Herbert Garrison,"All right, children, the school board has mandated that I must now teach class in both present-day English and Futurespeak."
Goobacks,Kyle,What?!
Goobacks,Herbert Garrison,"So, with that in mind, let's continue our lessons on verbs. Remember that there are transitive verbs such as [writes on the board] ""The boy threw the red ball,"" which in Futurespeak of course, is [makes a sentence of grunts and guttural sounds] Everyone say it with me? [the kids repeat the sentence, which sounds like a series of barks, coming from them. Jimmy attempts it] Aaand there are intransitive verbs, such as [writes on the board] ""The 11:15 bus from Denver arrived twelve hours late."" Or in Futurespeak, ""Vvut."""
Goobacks,The kids,"""Vvut."""
Goobacks,Kyle,"Dude, hold on! This is bullcrap! If they wanna live in our time, then they should learn our language!"
Goobacks,Craig,Yeah!
Goobacks,Stan,That's right! [other students speak up]
Goobacks,Aging hippie liberal douche,"[steps in] Hey now, these immigrants have a right to retain their culture. Who are we to say our language is best? They deserve to have an education just as much as you do."
Goobacks,Herbert Garrison,"Thank you, aging, hippie, liberal douche."
Goobacks,Aging hippie liberal douche,You betcha. [steps out]
Goobacks,Timmy,Timmih.
Goobacks,Herbert Garrison,"Okay, now let's get back to it, kids. What kind of verb is this? [writes on the board] ""The sad girl puts balls in her mouth."" Or, in Futurespeak of course, ""Gluch gligh balls glych gligh."""
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Back at the meeting room, the unemployed men gather for another rally against the immigrants from the future."
Goobacks,Man 5,This is bullcrap!
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Listen up, everybody! We've just received a reply from our congressman. [unfurls a letter] ""Dear intolerant rednecks, we sympathize with you all losing your jobs. However, we feel your solution of shooting everyone who crosses the time border is inhumane."""
Goobacks,Chet,What? That's ridiculous!
Goobacks,Man 6,They can't do that!
Goobacks,Man 7,That was a good idea!
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,So it appears the government ain't gonna help us! Which means we gotta take matters into our own hands! The only way to stop people from the future is to stop the future from happening!
Goobacks,Man 8,"Hey, that's right! If there is no future, then there'll be no people from the future to come back and take our jobs!"
Goobacks,Man 9,Take r jurbs
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"All right! So, any ideas how we can stop the future from happening?"
Goobacks,Chet,"How about we cause more global warming, so that in the future, the polar ice caps melt, and it ushers in a new ice age?"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,[pause] How the hell is global warming gonna cause an ice age?!
Goobacks,Chet,"Well you know, the... global warming could bring on like a climate shift or somethin'?"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Chet, you are a fuckin' retard, you know that?! Even if global warming were real, which all proven scientific data shows it isn't, it would take millions of years for a climate shift to happen! You think an ice age can just happen all of a sudden-like?"
Goobacks,Chet,Well I was just tryin' to be helpful.
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Well help yourself to a fuckin' science book, 'cause you're talkin' like a fuckin' retard! Now, come on people, we've got to think! Damnit, they took our jaorbs!"
Goobacks,Many men,[randomly] They took our jobs!
Goobacks,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The boys walk down the commercial district noticing immigrants from time to time. Various immigrants greet them and try to sell them fruits, but the boys walk on. A hovering futuristic car comes up next to them, sets down, and bounces the front end up and down like a lowrider. The driver then activates the hydraulics and the car begins to dance. The boys just look in wonder as the car settles down and then moves off. Its exhaust hits the boys' faces and they cough. Next, the boys head for a Wendell's Burgers restaurant. They enter and head for the counter."
Goobacks,Kyle,"Aw, dude."
Goobacks,Scene Description,The boys see that the restaurant is staffed by immigrants from the future. One of them approaches to take an order.
Goobacks,Cashier,Gaur da'ka?
Goobacks,Stan,Can you speak in present-day English please?
Goobacks,Cashier,Uh oh... Can I help... you?
Goobacks,Stan,"Uh yeah, I want a double cheeseburger and fries."
Goobacks,Cashier,"[looks at the boys quizzically, then shows off the chicken sandwich to his left] Chicken sandwich?"
Goobacks,Stan,"[getting annoyed] No, a double cheeseburger and fries!"
Goobacks,Cashier,[taps away at the machine's keyboard] A cheeg- fry?
Goobacks,Stan,What?!
Goobacks,Cashier,A cheeg- fry?
Goobacks,Cartman,"We can't understand you, asshole! [the cashier's manager comes up and talks to him for a bit. The cashier points at the boys. The manager takes over and resets the order]"
Goobacks,Manager,Can I help you?
Goobacks,Stan,I'm trying to order a double cheeseburger!
Goobacks,Manager,[shows off the chicken sandwich to his left] Chicken sandwich?
Goobacks,Stan,"No, it's not a chicken sandwich! [his parents enter the restaurant and stand in line behind him and the boys] I want a goddamned cheeseburger and some goddamned fries you fucking goobacks!"
Goobacks,Randy,Stan Marsh!
Goobacks,Stan,Aw- awwww!
Goobacks,Scene Description,Back at the rally...
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Come on, people, think! How are we gonna stop these immigrants from takin' our jobs!"
Goobacks,Man 10,"Hey, I got an idea. Uh maybe we should all take off all our clothes, scramble into a big pile and start gettin' gay with each other."
Goobacks,Chet,"Did you say ""get gay""?"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Hey, yeah. Well that's not a bad idea!"
Goobacks,Man 11,What? Gettin' gay?
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"Think about it: These people are from the future, right? Well, if we can git everyone to turn queer, then there won't be no children to have no children, and the people from the future won't exist to take our jobs!"
Goobacks,Jimbo Kern,I ain't turnin' queer.
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"You have to, Jimbo, or else we won't be able to stop them! They took 'r jaobs!"
Goobacks,Man 2,"Yeah, they took our jobs!"
Goobacks,Man 8,[slurring] Took our jobs!
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"[begins to take off his clothes till he's in briefs and boots] Let's go over to that part of town that all the future people moved into and start humpin' each other until they disappear! Come on! [comes down from the podium and makes his way to the doors. His briefs fall off, and he turns around] Come on! You want your jobs back or not?! [turns around, walks out and turns right]"
Goobacks,Scene Description,Welcome to Little Future. This part of South Park is congested and built upwards. Parts of it are rundown. The drivers there all drive hovercars. Some kids dance around on a stoop as adults walk by.
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,"[appears with the other rally participants, all of them naked] All right, you future bastards! Think you can take our jubs?! Well, we'll show you! Come'ere, Earl!. [the burly man wearing the Skynard hat steps forth and starts making out with Weathers] How do you like that, gooback?! [the immigrants just stare back puzzled. Weathers addresses the rest of his peers] Come on, you guys! [the other men just stare for a while, then begin to make out as well. The immigrants just look at them.] Everyone who believes in America, join in with us! We're gonna make these future bastards nonexistent!"
Goobacks,Scene Description,South Park Center for Seismic Activity. Randy arrives for work with Stan in tow.
Goobacks,Stan,"Aw, come on, Dad! How come I have to go to work with you?"
Goobacks,Randy,"Because you're being grounded, Stanley! Now I don't wanna hear another word out of your intolerant mouth! [Randy opens the door and they both go inside. The office walls are now brown instead of gray. Randy closes the door and motions Stanley to a chair behind it] You just sit right there, Stanley, and you think about what you've done! [puts his coat on the coat rack and sits at his desk to begin his day]"
Goobacks,Boss,You'll find all the copiers and printers in the next room over and then uh-
Goobacks,Randy,"Hey, Mr. Nelson."
Goobacks,Mr. Nelson,"Oh... R- Randy... Uh, I'm surprised to see you here."
Goobacks,Randy,Why? This is my office.
Goobacks,Mr. Nelson,"Ooohh boy, didn't you get my phone message? Ooh, this is awkward. Well, the thing is, Randy, you've been- replaced."
Goobacks,Randy,What?
Goobacks,Mr. Nelson,"Well we found an immigrant from the future who knows geology and he offered to work for next to nothing. Uh, this is Mr. Glughgogawk."
Goobacks,Mr. Glughgogawk,Gheglo.
Goobacks,Randy,You can't be serious.
Goobacks,Mr. Nelson,"I'm... sorry, Randy. It's just, with all the budget cuts and all, we'll give you some time to clean out your desk. Follow me, Mr. Glughgogawk. I'll show you to the copy room. [walks away with the immigrant. Randy is left alone to contemplate his next move]"
Goobacks,Randy,Oh my God. They took my jarb!!
Goobacks,Stan,They took yer jarb!!
Goobacks,Scene Description,CNN Breaking News.
Goobacks,Announcer,This is CNN.
Goobacks,Aaron Brown,Breaking news at the time border. We go now live to Harrison Moore.
Goobacks,Harrison Moore,"Aaron, I'm standing at the time border where some kind of mass protest has broken out. [more immigrants enter through the portal] Hundreds of men who have lost their jobs to time immigrants are here having sex with one another. [a shot of all the men in a big pile, in all sorts of positions, as news crews film them] These men have apparently sucked and screwed their way across the state and are now here at the time border trying to get national attention. These unemployed men have been having sex for several days. Joining me is their spokesperson, Randy Marsh. [Randy steps into view, patting his moustache down] Mr. Marsh, what exactly are you trying to accomplish?"
Goobacks,Randy,"We're doing the only thing we can do. If our government is just gonna let anybody into our time who wants to come, then we have to take matters into our own hands. [another camera view shows Stan next to his father. Stan tries to block out this interview with eyes shut tight and his fingers on his nose] We're trying to turn everyone gay so that there are no future humans! Present-day America Number One!"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,Yeah America! [A close-up of the mass of men fornicating with each other]
Goobacks,Man 8,Take our jobs!
Goobacks,Harrison Moore,Do you really think you can get enough people to turn gay to destroy the future of humanity?
Goobacks,Randy,"All we can do is try, Harrison."
Goobacks,Aging hippie liberal douche,[walks into the picture] Trying to stop immigration is intolerant and ignorant. Those immigrants have a right to pursue happiness.
Goobacks,Harrison Moore,"[lowers the mic to Stan] Young man, what do you think about all this?"
Goobacks,Stan,"I think it's wrong to call them goobacks because they're no different from us. [loosens up and opens his eyes] They're just humans trying to make their lives better. Look, it sucks that the immigrants' time is so crappy, but the cold hard truth is that if we let them all come back to our time, then it's just gonna make our time crappy too. Maybe the answer isn't trying to stop the future from happening, but making the future better. [the mound of men stops copulating]"
Goobacks,Man 9,[at the top of the mound] Huh?
Goobacks,Stan,"I mean, maybe if we all commit right now to working toward a better future, then, then the future won't be so bad, and, these immigrants won't need to come back here looking for work."
Goobacks,Man 11,"[inside the mound] Hey. He's right. If we build for a better future, the immigrants will stay there."
Goobacks,Man 12,Yeah. We've got to start working towards a brighter tomorrow.
Goobacks,Randy,Well what are we waiting for?
Goobacks,Scene Description,Montage of green living. First scene is a group of men planting trees. Next scene is a group of people at a recycling center watching Mr. Garrison toss in his bag of spent aluminum cans. Mr. Slave then tosses in his load.
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Next scene has the boys, Randy, and Weathers bringing food to African tribesmen. Next scene has the boys helping Randy and Weathers paint a wooden fence white. Next scene is a newly-minted wind farm in South Park made by the townspeople."
Goobacks,Scene Description,"Stan and Shelly look at each other, smiling. Next scene has Weathers plugging his electric car into an outlet next to the garage door as others watch. Next scene has Stan bringing a gift to the towm bum. A bunch of adults follow him proudly. Next scene has some of the kids and many of the adults swaying gently to some music."
Goobacks,Singer,"We've got to work for a better future, we've got to join hands for tomorrow. Take the first step and you will see the future begins with you and me. We can start to make a difference if we want it for our children Recycle that can and plant that tree, 'cause the future begins with you and me."
Goobacks,Cartman,"Look, it's working! [one by one, the immigrants vanish from view]"
Goobacks,Singer,The future begins with you and me.
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,The immigrants are fadin' away!
Goobacks,Stan,We're doing it!
Goobacks,Scene Description,Next scene shows the townsfolk cleaning up a meadow. Next scene has the Marshes watching Weathers and an assistant install solar panels on the Marshes' roof. Last scene has the townsfolk tilling ground at a farm.
Goobacks,Singer,"We've got to work for a better future, we've got to join hands for tomorrow. Take the first step and you will see the future-"
Goobacks,Stan,"Dude, wait, wait, ho- hold on. Wait a second. [drops his shovel] This is gay."
Goobacks,Kyle,[drops his shovel] This is really gay.
Goobacks,Cartman,"Yeah, this is even gayer than all the men getting in a big pile and having sex with each other."
Goobacks,Stan,"Okay, sorry, my bad, everyone back in the pile. [everyone races back to the pile. The men take off their clothes]"
Goobacks,Darryl Weathers,Back in the pile everyone!
Goobacks,Randy,We're going back to the pile.
Goobacks,Man 13,Jump in!
Goobacks,Man 14,"Come on, everybody!"
Goobacks,Man 15,"Never mind, we're going back to the pile!"
Goobacks,Man 16,Took yer jurb!
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. Six cheerleaders, all fourth-graders, lead a Pep Rally '04."
Douche and Turd,Cheerleaders,"We are South Park, Green and White. Let's go, Cows! Fight, fight, fight! Nobody can beat a Cow! Let's gooo, South Park![in the audience, Cartman yawns.]"
Douche and Turd,Red,"Hey, South Park! Do you have school spirit?"
Douche and Turd,Students,[all grades] Moooooooo!
Douche and Turd,Bebe,"I think us Cows have the best school spirit. Huh, Mandy?"
Douche and Turd,Mandy,"[new fourth grader, with braces that makes her speak with a lisp] Yeah, and South Park is really gonna stick it to Littleton next week!"
Douche and Turd,Bebe,"Let's bring out our mascot and get this pep rally going! [an adult in a cow suit comes out, waves to the kids, then begins to dance.]"
Douche and Turd,Butters,"It's Mooey! Mooey, wave to me! Wave to me, Mooey!"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Butters, shut the hell up! [As Mooey dances, PETA bursts in through the double doors and rushes towards the cheerleaders. They apprehend Mooey and begin beating him up, then pulling his head off]"
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA woman,[through her megaphone] We are People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals! We protest your insensitive use of cows as your school mascot!
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"Oh, Jesus, not PETA again."
Douche and Turd,Dreadlocked PETA Man,[approaches Bebe] Cows are maimed and slaughtered and used as a commodity! [throws a bucket of real blood on Bebe. Other PETA members go after the rest of the cheerleaders]
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA woman,[showing old slaughterhouse scenes on how to prepare beef] This is the fate of the cow! This is your insensitivity!
Douche and Turd,Students,Ewww! [a kindergartner begins to cry]
Douche and Turd,Gas Mask PETA Member,The cow is a slave! The cow is a commodity! To be thrown away by a society gone wrong!
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"All right, children, I have just been informed that since our school has been attacked by eco-terrorists for the 47th time, we are going to change our school mascot."
Douche and Turd,Class,Awwwwwwww!
Douche and Turd,Stan,"But, Mr. Garrison, if we change our mascot, that means the eco-terrorists win!"
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"That's right, Stanley, the eco-terrorists win. [approaches the students with a stack of papers and begins distributing it] Now, I have here a mascot selection sheet. Every student is supposed to check the box next to the mascot they like the most. And the most popular selection will be the school's new mascot."
Douche and Turd,Clyde,But we like being the Cows! [a bucket of real blood is doused on him and the rest of the class gasps.]
Douche and Turd,Dreadlocked PETA man,You're responsible for the enslavement and genocide of millions!
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"[taking action] Ge-get outta here, PETA! We're changin' the mascot already!"
Douche and Turd,Dreadlocked PETA man,Who'll speak for those who cannot speak for themselves?!
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"[throws some papers at the PETA member] Oh, ge-get outta here! [breaks out a can of mace and sprays it on him] Ge-get out! [the man leaves] Jesus, where do they keep coming from?! [sprays some more for effect] Go on, get outta here."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"This is bullcrap, dude!"
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"Now children, it's not that bad. There's plenty of great new mascots on the sheet to chose from. The Hurricanes, the Blizzards, the Redskins, the Indians..."
Douche and Turd,Wendy,But aren't Indians and Redskins just as offensive?
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"No, those are fine. PETA doesn't care about people."
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,The school hallway.
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Goddammit, vegans piss me off! Now we're gonna end up with a stupid eagle or a faggy bobcat as a mascot."
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Wait. You guys, I have an awesome idea! We should secretly go around and tell all the students we can, to not check any of the mascots on this election sheet, and instead write in ""Giant Douche."""
Douche and Turd,Cartman,Ye-heah!
Douche and Turd,Kenny,"(Yeah, totally awesome!)"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Yeh- no, no, wait, wait. I got a better idea you guys. What we should do is we should secretly go around and tell all the students we can to not check any of the mascots on this election sheet, and instead write in ""Turd Sandwich."""
Douche and Turd,Kyle,Turd Sandwich isn't better than Giant Douche.
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Heh, it's only about a thousand times better, am I right guys? Come on! We have to tell everybody fast! This is gonna be so funny!"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"It was my idea and we're gonna tell everyone to write in ""Giant Douche!"" It's way funnier!"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,It is not!
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Kenny, what's funnier? A giant douche or a turd sandwich?"
Douche and Turd,Kenny,(Giant douche.)
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Aw, you're just saying that because I broke your cat's leg last week."
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Stan, do you pick giant douche or turd sandwich?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Dude, I really don't care. [walks away]"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"[tallies the votes. Behind him, Butters approaches his locker and prepares to open it] That's two against one, 'cause Stan doesn't care. So it's giant douche."
Douche and Turd,Cartman:,"[notices, then runs to Butters and pulls him towards the other boys] ...Wait, wait, what about Butters?"
Douche and Turd,Butters,Huh?
Douche and Turd,Kyle,You hate Butters.
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Goddammit, you guys, Butters is our friend! And he's allowed to have his opinion! Butters, which is funnier? A stupid not-funny giant douche or a super funny turd sandwich?"
Douche and Turd,Butters,"Hahaha, a turd sandwich!"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"You misled him, fatass!"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"It's the best choice, and me and Butters are sticking with it."
Douche and Turd,Butters,[crosses his arms] Yeah! ...What's this for? [the boys approach Jimmy]
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Jimmy, we're gonna have everyone write in a mascot that's really funny, and you have to tell us which one would be funnier."
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,"That's a... fantastic idea fellas. Uh, the key to successful humor is s-staying power. Uh, tell me the first mascot idea."
Douche and Turd,Kyle,A giant douche.
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,"Heh, huh okay, that's pretty funny. Now, what's the second?"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,A turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,"Turhr... Ohokahay. Okay, now let's wait ten seconds. [ten seconds pass] Okay now, t-tell me the first one again?"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,Giant douche.
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,[snickers] And the second?
Douche and Turd,Cartman,Turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,"[snickers] Gee, th-they're both screamingly funny, fellas. Better give it another ten seconds.[ten seconds pass] All right, now we'll see which one really has staying power. Number one?"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,A giant douche.
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,"[snickers] Okay, I think, that's it. Number 2?"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,Turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Jimmy,"[snickers] Gee, I don't know what to say, fellas. They're both instant classics. But I guess I'll have to go with giant douche, simply because the fact that it's a giant renders it useless, adding a parody slant to the satire."
Douche and Turd,Cartman,Awwwww!
Douche and Turd,Butters,"Ohhh, we lost?"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"All right, it's decided. Let's all write in ""Giant Douche."""
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Okay. You win, Kyle."
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"The school gym. The students once again assembles on the bleachers. Herbert Garrison stands before the big-screen TV used in the rally earlier, and the TV reads ""New School Mascot '04""."
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"Attention students, we have tallied your mascot nomination sheets, and there will now be a school-wide vote between the top two nominations. So here is the first most-requested candidate, a giant douche. [a giant douche steps out from behind the TV and begins dancing to 2 Unlimited's ""Get ready for this.""]"
Douche and Turd,"Kyle, Kenny","Go, giant douche!"
Douche and Turd,Giant Douche,"Hey, South Park! Have we got school spirit?! [a smattering of applause] We've got spirit, yes we do! Giant douches, me and you! Let's gooooo, Douches! [a smaller smattering of applause]"
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,"And now your second nominee, Turd Sandwich. [a turd sandwich steps out from behind the TV and begins dancing to Baha Men's ""Who Let The Dogs Out?""]"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,All right turd sandwich!
Douche and Turd,Butters,Yeah!
Douche and Turd,Kyle,Cartman? What the hell?!
Douche and Turd,Cartman,Giant Douche sucks!
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,"We've got spirit, yes we do! We are sandwiches filled with poo! Yeeaahhh! [a smattering of applause]"
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,Students can now cast their choice between the Giant Douche and the Turd Sandwich. We'll count up the votes on Tuesday.
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"You won't get more votes than us, asshole!"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Game on, Jew-boy!"
Douche and Turd,Butters,"Yeah, game on, Jew-boy! [looks at Cartman, smiles, and looks back at Kyle]"
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,The front doors of the school. Stan and Kenny flank the entrance and hand out buttons as the other kids come out.
Douche and Turd,Kyle,Be sure to vote for Giant Douche.
Douche and Turd,Kenny,(Giant Douche! Vote for him!)
Douche and Turd,Kyle,Giant Douche is your man!
Douche and Turd,Stan,"[exiting] Kyle, aren't you taking this a little too far? I mean, do we really want a giant douche to be our school mascot?"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Dude, I'm not going to lose to Cartman's stupid turd sandwich. [something like an ice cream truck is heard, and Cartman appears driving his Big Wheels bike, pulling a portable stage. Butters is dancing on the stage, dressed as a Hawaiian hula dancer. In his hands he has leis to hand out.]"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Vote for Turd Sandwich. This is the most important election of our lives. [Butters begins tossing out the leis, and kids step forth to get them. A man shows up as well, but gets nothing] Turd Sandwich brings us hope for change. A vote for Turd Sandwich is a Vote for tomorrow!"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,There. Do you really want that asshole to win?
Douche and Turd,Stan,I'm not voting!
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"What? Y-you gotta vote, dude. Haven't you seen the Rock the Vote stuff or, or Puff Daddy's Vote or Die?!"
Douche and Turd,Stan,I just think this whole thing is stupid! [walks off angrily]
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Kenny, we have got to make Stan understand the importance of voting, because he'll definitely vote for our guy."
Douche and Turd,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinnertime. The family is gathered at table, with Marvin at one end, Randy at the other. Sharon comes in with plates and the main course."
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"How was school today, Stanley?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,It was ridiculous. We have to have a new school mascot and we're supposed to vote between a giant douche and a turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Sharon,...What did you say?
Douche and Turd,Randy,Did you just say that... voting is ridiculous?
Douche and Turd,Stan,"No, I think voting is great, but, if I have to choose between a douche and a turd, I just don't see the point."
Douche and Turd,Randy,"[clenches his fists] You don't see the point! Oh, you young people just make me sick!"
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"Stanley, do you know how many people died so you could have the right to vote?!"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Mom, I just don't think there's much of a difference between a douche and a turd. I d-I don't care."
Douche and Turd,Randy,[jumps upright and plants his hands on the table] You don't care?! You really want a turd sandwich as your school mascot?! On your football helmets?! A turd?!
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"Well, hold on, Randy, I think a turd sandwich is a little better than them having a giant douche on their uniforms."
Douche and Turd,Randy,You're crazy!! A d-a douche is at least clean!
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"It's sexist, is what it is!"
Douche and Turd,Randy,"You don't understand the issues, Sharon!"
Douche and Turd,Sharon,Are you calling me ignorant?!
Douche and Turd,Randy,You think the school mascot should be a turd sandwich? Well you're not exactly Einstein!
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"I am sick of you belittling my opinion, you son of a bitch! [picks up the casserole and chucks it at Randy, who ducks and looks back at her angrily. They both leave the table in opposite directions.]"
Douche and Turd,Shelly,"[leaving the table as well] I hate this family, I hate it! [Stan looks on, shocked, while Marvin continues eating unruffled. The door bell rings. Stan leaves the table and opens the front door. A black man is outside... with his posse]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,Puff Daddy?
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,Your friend Kyle told me you don't understand the importance of voting.
Douche and Turd,Stan,I...
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"Apparently, you haven't heard of my ""Vote or Die"" campaign. [holds up a shirt with the slogan on it]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"""Vote or Die""? [upset] What the hell does that even mean?!"
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"[whips out a gun from his back pocket, cocks it, and aims it at Stan] What you think it means, bitch!"
Douche and Turd,Stan,Aaaah!
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,Music video. Stan is running down the street. An open-roof car pops up behind him and bears down on him.
Douche and Turd,Posse,"Vote or die, motherfucker, motherfucker, vote or die!."
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,Rock the vote or else I'm gonna stick a knife through your eye..
Douche and Turd,Posse,Democracy is founded on one simple rule!
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"Overhead shot of Puff Daddy, dressed in a white suit, then in a black suit."
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,Get out there and vote or I will motherfucking kill you.Yeah.
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,At a polling station encouraging one female voter.
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"I like it when you vote, bitch! (bitch!) Shake them titties when you vote, bitch! (bitch!) [seated as two women dance for him, their asses in his face] I slam my jimmy through your mouth roof (mouth roof) [gently spanks a woman as she goes in to vote] Now get your big ass in the pollin' booth. [Fish-eye overhead view of Puff Daddy. He shoves his gun into the camera] I said vote, bitch, or I'll fucking kill you!"
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"Stan runs until he sees a passageway between two buildings. He does in to try to escape, but Puff Daddy and his crew find him."
Douche and Turd,Posse,"Vote or die, motherfucker, motherfucker, vote or die!"
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"You can't run from a .38, go ahead and try!"
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"Puffy is seated in an armchair wearing a wig, surrounded by women, all in front of a Vegas-style sign saying ""DIDDY"""
Douche and Turd,Posse,Let your opinion be heard! You gotta make a choice
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,Raps to a chrome reflection.
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"'Cause after I slit your throat you won't have a fucking voice [Stan runs again, looking behind him, but runs into a gun in his face]"
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,Vote or die! Vote or die! [Puff Daddy's gun is joined by the guns of his posse. Stan is looking at five barrels]
Douche and Turd,Stan,...Okay. I'll vote.
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,Cartman and Butters begin door-to-door campaigning. Cartman knocks on a door and Clyde answers.
Douche and Turd,Clyde,What do you guys want?
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"We were just wondering who you might be voting for, for the school's new mascot."
Douche and Turd,Clyde,I haven't decided yet.
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Oh really? Well, that's interesting. You certainly should think about it and make the right decision. [pulls out a wrapped hard candy and shows it] Butterscotch candy?"
Douche and Turd,Clyde,[reaches out and grabs it] Sure. [opens it]
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Clyde, are you aware of what Turd Sandwich can bring to our school?"
Douche and Turd,Butters,"A turd sandwich is not only the first turd to be nominated school mascot, but even the first sandwich. [Clyde bites into the candy, producing loud crunches]"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"You see, what Turd Sandwich brings to our school, Clyde, is a complete package. The turd and the bread. And the lettuce, and the olives."
Douche and Turd,Butters,"Whe-where as Giant Douche is just, well, ju-just a, ju-ju-just a giant douche."
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"So, come voting day, you'll now most likely vote for the turd sandwich, yes?"
Douche and Turd,Clyde,"[finishes the candy, then thinks for a few seconds] I'm still not totally sure."
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Well then, perhaps we could interest you in [pulls out another wrapped candy] another butterscotch candy? [Clyde takes the candy and consumes that one as well]"
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, now a polling station. A ""Vote for School Mascot!"" hangs on the back wall and over the hallway. A reluctant Stan takes a ballot, and Kyle smiles, thinking he has Stan on his side."
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"You're doing the right thing, Stan. Don't you feel like you're a part of something now?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"I guess... [P Diddy and his posse look on from one end of the polling station, with P cocking his gun]"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Look, it may not seem important now, but your vote really does count, and we all have to do our part."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Okay. [finishes up and seals his ballot, then walks away]"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Woah... wait, what are you doing?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,I'm voting.
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"No, no, you... you wrote down Turd Sandwich."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Yeah, I know."
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"...Dude, you're supposed to vote for Giant Douche."
Douche and Turd,Stan,[annoyed] I thought I was supposed to make my own decision.
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Well yeah, but not if your decision is for Turd Sandwich! What the hell is wrong with you?!"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Wait a minute, you didn't want me to vote, you wanted me to vote for your guy!"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Well, I just figured you'd vote for my guy! Who's fuckin' friend are you?! [calls out to] Puffy!"
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"[interrupts] Hey, fuck off, Kyle. [aside, about Puffy and his crew] Don't let them intimidate you, Stan. I'll help walk you to the booth. And then I'm gonna buy you a nice steak dinner with all the trimmings."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Oh, forget it! I'm not gonna be persuaded into voting and I'm and I'm not gonna be threatened into voting if I don't feel comfortable with it! I'm not gonna vote and you can all just live with it!"
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"The Principal's Office, later."
Douche and Turd,Principal Victoria,"We've simply had it with your son, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh. Voting just doesn't appear to be important to him."
Douche and Turd,Randy,"Stanley, when you left for school this morning, you said you were going to vote!"
Douche and Turd,Stan,The whole thing is a joke!
Douche and Turd,Sharon,You see? He's out of control. It's nearly torn our whole family apart.
Douche and Turd,Principal Victoria,"Well, my hands are tied. We can no longer have Stan's behavior jeopardizing the other children. He must be removed."
Douche and Turd,Randy,"Oh! Are you happy now, Stan? You just got yourself suspended!"
Douche and Turd,Principal Victoria,"No, I'm afraid it's worse than that. By county law I'm bound to enforce the harshest punishment possible."
Douche and Turd,Randy,Expulsion?!
Douche and Turd,Principal Victoria,No. Banishment.
Douche and Turd,Stan,B-bani-banishment?
Douche and Turd,Principal Victoria,"You can appeal to the city council, but I don't think it'll do any good. Your son must leave South Park, never to return."
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"[goes over to Randy and cries into his chest] Oh, Randy!"
Douche and Turd,Randy,"Our son, banished! Where did we go wrong?! [cries on Sharon's shoulder]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"You-you're all joking, right?"
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"A moonlit partly-cloudy night in South Park. The townsfolk are gathered at the edge of town, with Stan facing them all alone. A horse stands at the ready on one side of Main Street."
Douche and Turd,Mayor McDaniels,"[steps forth and reads a proclamation] As it was in the times of our forefathers, so it is now. Stan Marsh, for not following our most sacred of rites, you are hereby banished from South Park for all eternity. Or until you decide that voting is important. Good-bye, Stan. May the gods treat you more kindly than we did. [the townsfolk step forth and begin ripping away at Stan's coat and shirt. Herbert Garrison is first: he rips off a piece of Stan's coat, spits on it, and throws it back at Stan. He leaves and Officer Barbady steps forth, repeating what Herbert Garrison did. Craig follows suit, then Kyle steps up]"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Stan, don't you think this has gone far enough? Is it really that big a deal? [Stan sighs, but says nothing more in response] Yeah, just vote. For Giant Douche."
Douche and Turd,Stan,I'm not voting! [Kyle then steps forth and repeats what the others did before him]
Douche and Turd,A bodyguard,"Yo, Puffy man, are we just gonna let this happen? [cocks his weapon] We've gots to kill this non-votin' fool!"
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"No, Justacious, let him go. He won't survive a fore-night in the wilderness. [the adults tie Stan up on the horse backwards and send him off with supplies to tide him over for a while]"
Douche and Turd,Randy,"This is breaking your mother's heart, Stan. She couldn't even help tie you to the horse."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Dad, isn't this a little extreme?"
Douche and Turd,Randy,"Jesus. I guess maybe you'll never understand how important voting is. [puts a pail over Stan's head] Goodbye, Son. [stops for a few seconds, then swats the horse to get it moving. The horse walks off slowly. Stephen Stotch steps up with a horn and blows into it. Randy and Sharon stand together, embracing shoulders] That's... one of the hardest things a parent ever has to do."
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"A plain, night. Stan rides into the night and into the morning on the plain, then through a desert, then into a forest. A group of people appear and spot him"
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,Look! What is that?
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA member 2,"Oh, the poor thing!"
Douche and Turd,Stan,Hello? [the people gather round and remove the pail]
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA member 2,"Don't worry, we'll free you."
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,Just sit still for a moment.
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Oh, thank God."
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,"Get offa him, you filthy human! [they throw Stan off the horse. The pail rolls away. Stan looks back, confused, tufts of hair popping out through the holes on his torn cap. The people were apparently talking to the horse, not to him. The camera goes back to the horse, and the people are shown to be members of PETA. They're cleaning the horse up]"
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA member 2,Poor thing needs water.
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,You're safe now.
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA member 2,"Shame on you, making this horse your slave. [a balding man throws real blood on Stan]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,Awww!
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA member 2,"Come, you can live with us."
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,We will give you food and shelter.
Douche and Turd,Stan,What about me?
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,Open the gate! [A pair of gates open up to the PETA compound. The members lead the horse in and Stan trails along. They approach whom looks to be the leader of the compound. The compound itself has all kinds of animals - it's an animal sanctuary]
Douche and Turd,Blonde PETA member,[presenting the horse]This poor creature is in need of food and water.
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"[strokes the horse's mane] You have a home here, friend."
Douche and Turd,Bearded PETA member,"The... kid wants to stay, too."
Douche and Turd,Stan,I was put on the horse. I didn't wanna ride it.
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"I don't know if you can stay. We'll have to ask Dr. Cornwallis. Come. [they walk among the animals. Stan looks around and takes it all in.] We don't normally allow outsiders. See, here we live in harmony with animals. They're not our pets but our fellow living beings. We work with the animals and try to live as they do. [stops, lowers his pants, and shits onto the ground. Stan looks on astonishment, then walks around the pile of shit as the man pulls his pants back up and walks on.] We make friends with the animals. We coexist, and we... intermarry. [approaches a llama and puts his arm around her neck] This is my wife, Janice. [Stan looks on quizzically] The outside world looks down on a man marrying a llama, but our love knows no boundaries. [he turns to the llama, has her face him, and starts kissing her. Stan just gawks at the pair]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Wow, you guys really love animals."
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"[moves on to a man and a chicken] And why not? Mark here has been with Kelly for three years now. [moves on to another man and an ostrich] And Gary and Sally here have just managed to have a child together. [in a manger is an ostrich-baby, somewhat humanoid with an ostrich beak]"
Douche and Turd,Ostrich-baby,Kill me...
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"Yes, life here is good and natural. But now that you know where our compound is, you'll either have to live with us, or be murdered. [they stop before a tent]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,I'll live with you.
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"It's not up to you. You'll have to talk with Dr. Cornwallis. [Stan pauses at the tent's entrance, then enters and approaches a goat, which is munching on hay. The goat stops and looks at Stan, then resumes eating. Stan exits the tent] What did he say?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,He said I can stay.
Douche and Turd,Balding man,Excellent! Dr. Cornwallis is wise beyond his year. Here's your PETA shirt and a bumper sticker. [Stan looks at his new stuff]
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,SP Public Access Presents: Debate 2004.
Douche and Turd,Announcer,"This is Debate 2004 with your host, Jim Lehrer."
Douche and Turd,Jim Lehrer,"Welcome to the cable-access televised debate between a giant douche [screen left] and a turd sandwich [screen right] We'll start with Giant Douche. Sir, some students and parents are reluctant to have a... giant douche represent them. What do you say to those people?"
Douche and Turd,Giant Douche,"Jim, first of all I would like to thank you for monitoring this debate. And I would like to thank all of the students and their parents for coming."
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Aww, suck-up, suck-up! [a man behind him and to his right leans over and shushes him] What?! That's an obvious suck-up move."
Douche and Turd,Giant Douche,But I would hope that those students and their parents who question my qualities would simply look at my opponent. He is a turd sandwich
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,[leaning forward] You're a turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Giant Douche,"... No, sir, if you'll pardon me, you are in fact, the turd sandwich."
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,[quickly countering] You're a turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Giant Douche,"... Sir, you are a turd sandwich."
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,[quickly countering] You're a turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Jim Lehrer,"Ahh, Turd Sandwich, I will ask you not to speak out of turn."
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,"I-I'm sorry, Jim."
Douche and Turd,Giant Douche,"Anyway, as I was saying, ahh... wait, I-I forgot what I was saying."
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,Ha. What a douche.
Douche and Turd,Jim Lehrer,"All right, Turd Sandwich, this next question is for you. How should South Park Elementary enforce its laws of conduct for young athletes during sporting events."
Douche and Turd,Turd Sandwich,"[long pause] ...Uh, you know, uh, my opponent wouldn't even know the answer to that question. If you ask him the same question, he would not answer it. [Giant Douche just looks at him] He would stand around and just babble on and on about nothing until he was finally saved by the buzze-. [the buzzer sounds over his last two words.]"
Douche and Turd,Jim Lehrer,"Your time is up, Turd."
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,"The PETA compound, next morning. Stan scrubs away at the empty tubs and buckets of food the animals ate from the previous day. The bald man approaches."
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"Stan, I want to introduce you to my stepdaughter, Teresa. [the camera pans down to show a lamb with small horns] She seems to have taken a liking to you. [suggestively] And she's ovulating."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Ahh, no thanks, that's okay."
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"Stan, some PETA members are growing concerned that maybe you don't love animals."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"I do love animals, just ...not like you guys do."
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"You... don't belong here, Stan. You should return home."
Douche and Turd,Stan,I can't. I was banished for not voting.
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"But, why on earth wouldn't you wanna vote?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,I think voting is great. I just didn't care this time because it was between a giant douche and a turd sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"But Stan, don't you know? It's always between a giant douche and a turd sandwich. Nearly every election since the beginning of time has been between some douche and some turd. They're the only people who suck up enough to make it that far in politics."
Douche and Turd,Stan,"I guess... I guess you're right. [casts his eyes down and to the left in reflection. An arm appears, with a gun at the end aimed at Stan]"
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"Yo, what did I say was going to happen to you, bitch? [his four bodyguards aim their guns at Stan as well]"
Douche and Turd,Stan,[jumps] Aaah!
Douche and Turd,Man in shorts,"[pops in] Aaaah!! He's wearing the skin of an animal! [runs off, only to return with a pail of real blood] Take that! [throws the blood at Puff Daddy, who spreads his arms out and down. The man calms down] I... hope that teaches you a lesson about wearing fur."
Douche and Turd,Puff Daddy,"Itius, Rodicus! [the bodyguards fire their weapons at the PETA members]"
Douche and Turd,Bodyguard,Vote or die!
Douche and Turd,Stan,"[braves his way through the crossfire, but gets hit on his left shoulder] Aaaah!! [keeps moving]"
Douche and Turd,PETA man,[goes to shield a dog] Protect the animals! Protect the animals! [he's shot and falls away. The dog then urinates on the man's head]
Douche and Turd,Balding man,"[rushes up to his llama and holds her] Janice, we shall die together in each other's arms! [three shots kill him and the llama prances away. More PETA members fall.]"
Douche and Turd,Ostrich-baby,Kill me! Kill meee!! [Dr. Cornwallis is out of his tent and munching on the head of a dead man]
Douche and Turd,Scene Description,South Park Elementary polling station. Mr. Mackey tallies up the votes.
Douche and Turd,Mr. Mackey,M'kay... that's one more vote for Turd Sandwich.
Douche and Turd,Randy,"[through clenched teeth] So who won, Mr. Mackey?"
Douche and Turd,Mr. Mackey,"It's pretty close, but it looks like Giant Douche is gonna win."
Douche and Turd,Cartman,"Oh, no! Noooo!!"
Douche and Turd,Kyle,"Ha! You lose, fatass!"
Douche and Turd,Butters,"[by the doors, motions to the others to look] Uh hey, wait a minute! [the others present gather round and look out. Stan approaches the school, battered and injured, and the others stream out of the school]"
Douche and Turd,Randy,Stan!
Douche and Turd,Sharon,"Stan, you came back. Does that mean... you learned the importance of voting?"
Douche and Turd,Stan,I learned that I'd better get used to having to pick between a douche and a turd sandwich because it's usually the choice I'll have.
Douche and Turd,Randy,He's going to vote!
Douche and Turd,Townsfolk,"[murmuring amongst themselves] He's going to vote. He's going to vote. [they gather round and hoist Stan up, carrying him inside. Stan is lowered and he fills out the ballot. He holds his shoulder and thinks a moment while images of an eagle, the White House, and the US flag float in the background. He makes up his mind, he votes for Turd Sandwich. He considers his vote, then approaches the ballot box and drops his ballot in. Mr. Mackey, holding the box, spins around in his chair happily.]"
Douche and Turd,Singer,"Let's get out the vote! Let's make our voices heard! We've been given the right to choose between a douche and a turd. It's democracy in action! Put your freedom to the test. A big, fat turd or a stupid douche. Which do you like best?"
Douche and Turd,Mr. Mackey,"[Adding Stan's vote to the tally] Stan's vote bring the total votes for Turd Sandwich to... thirty six! And Giant Douche has... one thousand, four hundred, and ten. Giant Douche still wins!"
Douche and Turd,Some townsfolk,Yeah! All right!
Douche and Turd,Other townsfolk,Aawwww!
Douche and Turd,Stan,"Dude, so my vote didn't even really matter!"
Douche and Turd,Randy,"Hey! That's not true, Stan."
Douche and Turd,Sharon,[genuflects behind Stan] You can't judge the merits of voting on whether or not your candidate won.
Douche and Turd,Randy,[genuflects behind Stan] Your vote still mattered.
Douche and Turd,Herbert Garrison,[rushing into the school] Hey everybody! [holds up a shredded PETA shirt. Everyone turns and looks] They just found all the PETA members murdered at their compound! [all gasp]
Douche and Turd,Mr. Mackey,"What the? They're all dead? Well, that means..."
Douche and Turd,Clyde,That we can go back to being the South Park Cows! [opens his jacket and shows off his Cows shirt]
Douche and Turd,All,Hooray! All right!
Douche and Turd,Randy,[to Stan] Now your vote didn't matter.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A lovely tree appears and the camera pans down to street level. Stan and friends are on the sidewalk across the street moving along."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"You guys know what? Um, the last thing you do when you die, is crap your pants."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,...What?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"Yeah, when you die, your jowels release and crap comes flying out your ass. [laughs heartily. The other boys stop]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"That is fucking stupid, Cartman!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! I'll bet you five bucks that when you die you crap your pants, asshole!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Herbert Garrison,"Hey everybody, it's time! [everyone stops and looks] It's time!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Townsfolk,"[a small group] It's time. Oh, it's time? It's happening. It's happening now? Let's go! [they move off to their left]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,It's time for what?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Herbert Garrison,Get down to Metzger's Field! It's about to happen! [everyone follows him towards the field]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Metzger's Field, later. A man is speaking to the crowd gathered there."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,People of South Park I am pleased to be with you on this most historic day. A day you were certainly all remember... as the day your town... became great. The grand opening of the first South Park... Wall-Mart! [the camera zooms out to show the full scope of the store. Everyone applauds and cheers]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"[hugging Sharon] Look at it, honey. It's so big."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Herbert Garrison,[hugging Mr. Slave] It's like we're a real town now. [the boys finally arrive]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"Whoa, awesome!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,Hey! Isn't there where Stark's Pond used to be? Where we used to kayak and fish?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Man,Yeah! Now it's a Wall-Mart!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,"I know that with the opening of the South Park branch of Wall-Mart, you will all see your town completely change... [walks over to the entrance, which has a banner across it: ""Grand Opening.""] Now, shop friends. Shop! [steps aside and the doors open to a spacious store. The townsfolk rush inside]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,It's beautiful!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Marvin Marsh,[greeting shoppers at the door.] Welcome to Wall-Mart. Welcome to Wall-Mart. ...Welcome to Wall-Mart.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sheila,"Sharon, isn't that your father?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sharon,Yes. Wall-Mart is the leading employer of seniors. And they also employ the handicapped.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Jimmy,"[approaching] Hello, Mrs. M-marsh. Can I help g- Can I help you get a sh- shopping cart today?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sharon,"Why yes, I'd love one, Jimmy. [Jimmy turns and approaches a line of carts. He tugs at the one in the front, wrestling it away from the other carts. Once it's out far enough, he jumps to the rear and pushes it out]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Chef,[awestruck] My God. Look at all these incredible bargains.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"[the boys are in the movie aisle] Dude, check it out! Time Cop on DVD. Three copies for eighteen bucks!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,Why the hell would you want three copies of the same movie?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,Because one copy is nine ninety-eight! But this way you save like twenty bucks!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"You only need one copy, r-tard!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"Okay, fine, dumbass, YOU go ahead and buy one copy for nine ninety-eight!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"Okay, fine, I will! [grabs a copy] H-wait a minute! I don't even want one copy of Time Cop! [puts it back]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"Dude, you can't shop for crap. [a wide shot of the store]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Woman,[shopping with her husband] I can't believe these bargains.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,[from an office window above the showroom floor] Fools. Ignorant fools.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. The living room has been redecorated with items got from Wall-Mart. The family is enjoying snacks in fancy plasticware."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Just look at the Marsh family, huh? Brand-new television, new plastic dishware and cups, and enough bulk-buy ramen to last us a thousand winters. [three huge pallets of ramen are shown]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Dad, how come Wall-Mart is able to sell everything so cheap?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"It's simple economics, son. I don't understand it at all, but, God I love it."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, later. The house is asleep; Randy is dreaming, and reacting to his dreams."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Whispers,"Six ninety-nine, fifteen dollars, free for fifteen ninety-eight..."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"[suddenly awake] Aaaah! [looks at the window and crawls out of bed, then walks towards the window. He plants his hands on the window panes, and in the distance he sees that great shining beacon called Wall-Mart. He opens his pajama shirt and presses his body against the window. A soft sigh leaves his lungs...] Yeaaah... [Sharon wakes up]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sharon,"Randy, what are you doing?!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,[wraps himself up again and goes back to bed] Anu-nothing! [puts on his slippers] I'ma-I'ma-I'm just gonna head down to the Wall-Mart real quick.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sharon,It's almost midnight.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Yeah, think about it. If I go there now, there won't be anybody else there. [with determination] I can have all the bargains to myself! [heads out]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Wall-Mart, midnight. Randy enters dressed in pajamas and robe, only to find more shoppers in there. Wall-Mart never closes, and it's never empty. An elderly lady greets him."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Elderly Woman,Thanks for coming to Wall-Mart. [waves] All are welcome. All are welcome! [Randy is stunned that he's not the only shopper there]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Next morning, the boys are on a sidewalk heading towards downtown."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,Excuse me! Hello?! Can somebody tell my why we're going to Jim's Drugs to buy Voltar cards when Wall-Mart has them for three bucks cheaper?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"Dude, I can't deal with Wall-Mart right now. My parents had me there for three hours last night. [they pass by a man closing up his shop for the last time]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Mr. Farkle,"Oh, sorry boys. I'm going out of business."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"Why, Mr. Farkle?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Mr. Farkle,"I can't compete with Wall-Mart's low prices. Everyone is shopping there now, and... well, I can't make ends meet. [Cartman pulls out a violin from somewhere and begins playing it masterfully] I've got to sell the store and try to find another line of work."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"[glares at Cartman] Cartman, stop it!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"What? I just felt like playing a little violin, Kyle."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Mr. Farkle,"I appreciate your business, boys, but you'll have to try somewhere else in town. [walks away sobbing]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"See?! That sucks, dude!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"What? That's called progress, Kyle."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"Yeah, but what about all the people getting laid off from the grocery stores? [Cartman whips out the violin and plays it again] And what about all the- [looks at Cartman, takes away his violin, breaks it in half using his leg, and throws the pieces to the ground]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"... Whatever. I can go get another one at Wall-Mart. It was only five bucks. [gives Kyle the finger, turns around, and walks away. Kyle watches him leave]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Come on, let's go to Main Street and support one of those stores. [Kyle turns, and the three remaining boys walk away.]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Downtown, later. The boys arrive at Main Street and are startled."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"What the hell? [before them is a downtown that is shuttered and decayed. The asphalt is gone from the roads and eagles hover over the area. A window crashing makes them jump, and Butters appears around a corner, making weird noises.]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,Butters? [more strange noises come from Butters' mouth]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,Butters? What the hell are you doing?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Butters,Wull ah I'm just playin' Monster. It's kinda spooky out here. [this is true. Butters resumes his monster act.]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Dude, we gotta show our parents what Wall-Mart is doing to our town. [the boys turn and leave.]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, later. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny enter to find a house stuffed with Wall-Mart items."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Dad? [looks around at all the stuff] Jesus Christ, Da-dad! Dad?!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,Staaaan? [the boys hear him and rush over to the source of the noises]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Dad, oh my God!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,Staan...
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"What? D-dad, are are you dying?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"No, I'm just... really, really tired. I... was shopping at Wall-Mart all night."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,But you-your face!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,Checkout line... They had these... little stickers filled with glitter! They were only ninety nine cents for 15 of them. I couldn't resist! Do you want one? [tears one off and sticks it to Stan's cheek] Here. It's a little turtle. [faints and falls over]
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Wall-Mart, later. Shopping continues as usual. In his office, the Manager nervously reaches into his desk drawer and pulls out a bottle of liquor. He takes two sips and quickly hides it when he hears a knock at his door."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,"Come in? [the boys and their parents, Butters' parents, Chef, Herbert Garrison and Mr. Slave all enter] Oh hello, fine shoppers."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Chef,"Sir, we just had a big town meeting, and decided we don't want your Wall-Mart here anymore."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"We're sorry, but it seems our Main Street is dying and good people are losing their jobs. We'd all like you... out of South Park."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,"[begins to cackle nervously] What? What, you think I want to be here? I hate this place. But it... won't let me leave."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,But you run the Wall-Mart.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,"Oh, you're wrong! [rises from his chair and moves towards the group] Wall-Mart... isn't run by anybody! First it reels you in with its bargains. Next thing you know you, you're working at the Wall-Mart because it has all the jobs. Then you're sitting in a little office, trapped on all sides."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Chef,They why don't you just quit?!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,[whispering loudly] Not so loud! It can hear you.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"You hate Wall-Mart, too? [rumbles emanate from the walls]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Manager,"Aah! [nervously] I didn't say that! I love Wall-Mart! With all its... fantastic bargains and one-stop shopping, who can't love it, right? [turns around and grabs some papers] Uh, Wa-Wall-Mart takes the hassle out of shopping and, and makes it both affordable and fun. [he writes as he talks, then shows the group what he wrote: ""NOT SAFE TO TALK HERE.""] Ah-and Wall-Mart really gives back to the community! Us people are certainly happy to have a store like Wall-Mart, aren't we? [writes some more and shows the group a second sheet: ""MEET ME OUT BACK IN 5 MINS."" He grimaces and tries to hint at them. The group leaves.]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Hey, wait a minute, I think we just got squirreled."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Gerald,"Yeah. That guy probably thinks he can get us to go away by being so goofy! [circles his finger round his ear to indicate insanity. Seconds later the manager screams and flies out the window, only to end up hanging himself. The group looks on as the manager's pants drop off and poo follows shortly]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"[catching up with the other boys] Ha! You owe me five bucks, Kyle!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. The family is at table waiting for dinner. Sharon walks in with steaks."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sharon,"Here we go, everyone. I got three nice steaks from South Park Grocery. We'll have to share them."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Heh, I remember when we could afford to buy six steaks when we shopped at Wall-Mart."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Yeah, but Dad, the whole town agreed not to shop at Wall-Mart anymore."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"I know, I know! God! [pounds the table] Bleeeh! [Sharon joins them at table and the family begins eating]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Mom, Dad, when people die, do they always crap their- [knocks over his glass of milk, which spills onto Shelly]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Shelly,"Oh, you stupid turd!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Oh Jesus, a broken glass! Well, I don't see any choice now! We have to go to Wall-Mart!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Sharon,We do?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Huh! Where else are we gonna get a new glass at this hour?! Everyone get your shoes on, we're goin' to Wall-Mart!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"But Dad, we're not supposed to shop at-"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,STAN! One family buying one glass isn't gonna make a difference!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Wall-Mart, night. The Marsh family arrives and sees what Randy saw before."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Heeeey... [The Broflovskis approach and Randy looks] Gerald, what are you doing?! We said we weren't going to shop at the Wall-Mart anymore!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Gerald,Well where else was I gonna get a napkin dispenser at nine thirty at night?
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"[noticing other familiar faces] Mr. Garrison! Chef! Jimbo! [the shoppers stop and look] Now, come on people! What the hell is wrong with you?! Don't you see what you're all doing?!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Herbert Garrison,"Well what are you doing here, Randy?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,I came because I wanted to make sure nobody was shopping here.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,Dad!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Oh all right, maybe I was gonna buy a glass. One glass! ... And some chips. And butter. [pulls out a sheet and looks at it] And some new pliers."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Gerald,"Jesus! Look at us! We all don't like the Wall-Mart, but we can't stop coming here."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Jimbo,It's like some mystical evil force.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,Yeah. This place has a power over us we can't resist! We have to find a way to put the South Park Wall-Mart out of business once and for all!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Herbert Garrison,Let's burn it down!
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Chef,"No, no, no! Let's freeze it!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stephen,I think it's best we try to reason with it.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"No! All we have to do is not shop at Wall-Mart anymore! If you want it to go away, all it takes is a little self-control and personal responsibility."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Outside, later. The Wall-Mart is on fire and the shoppers are watching it burn."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Kumbaya, my Lord, Kumbaya. [the people begin to sway back and forth]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,All,"Kumbaya, my Lord, Kumbaya. Kumbaya, my Lord..."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Scene Description,"Sidewalk, next day. The boys are walking along."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"You butthole, Kyle. You just had to go and ruin everything, didn't you?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,[looking at Cartman] It wasn't my idea to burn the Wall-Mart down.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"No, but you got everyone all worked up! You're always jealous of the Wall-Mart. You always hated it."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"Dude, our town is going to be better without the- [sounds of construction are heard. Kyle turns to look. ] What the?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Cartman,"Oh, awesome! [rushes towards Wall-Mart]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Kyle,"How... How did this happen? [the other boys make their way to the store, then look around at the restored store, which is running as if nothing had happened the night before. Kyle's parents are shopping there, and they run into the boys.] Mom, Dad? Why are you shopping here?"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Gerald,"We can't destroy it, son. We have to learn to live with it."
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"Can I help you? [the boys turn around and see the man is Randy, and the jump back in fright]"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Dad, what are you doing?!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,You get a discount working here. Ten percent. That means the bargains are even better.
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Stan,"Dad, you're a geologist!"
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes,Randy,"I'll make less money, sure, but... as long as I buy everything at Wall-Mart, it'll all even out. Don't you see? Wall-Mart isn't our enemy, it's our neighborhood friend."
