South ParQ Vaccination Special,Butters,"[from the window] Hey, fellas! [the boys turn around facing the house] Anything fun happen at school today?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Yeah, you missed it! It was the best thing ever! [shows the phone] We put ketchup in the teacher's seat and made her think it was her period!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Butters,"Oh, my gosh! That sounds like so much fun!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Yeah, pretty much greatest day of our lives."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[turns to the boys] Do you guys know how hard it's going to be for them to find us a replacement teacher?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,It's not gonna be hard. They'll bring in some lame ass teacher who's desperate to work. How bad can it be?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Main Street, a bus arrives. Mr. Garrison gets out of the bus."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[very excited] Oh... I'm baaack! Hey, South Park! I'm home!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Man 3,"[surprised] Holy shit, is that who I think it is?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bus Driver,"[from the bus] Any luggage from below, sir?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, yes, I've got a lot of baggage!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison walks along the street carrying his baggage behind him.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Hey! Hey, Valmer! How're you doing? [camera turns to Valmer residence where Ryan is staring at Garrison in shock] Tucker! Lookin' good! [points at Thomas, who is watering his front lawn and who's also staring at Garrison in shock] Oh it's so great to see everybody [Sheila takes out the trash in the back and the camera turns to Thompson's residence]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Thompson,[from the window] Hey! Fuck you!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, hey, lookin' good, Thompson! Did your wife get that AIDS test?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, principal's office. Mr. Garrison speaks with PC Principal and Strong Woman."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"You know, the simple truth is, teaching is my life. [PC Principal and Strong Woman look at each other] I'm just completely at home in the classroom. [they look at Garrison again] I realize that now more than ever after my little sabbatical."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,PC Principal,"Yes... Your, sabbatical was somewhat controversial."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I just went through a little thing. You know, I... I realized I was gay. And then I realized I wasn't gay, I was a woman. And after I transitioned, I thought it was a little mistake and then I went through a phase of being the President of the United States."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,PC Principal,"Well, that is the problem, Mr. Garrison, as someone who previously identified as President, there could be safety issues."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, that's not a problem. Anyone who has been President is assigned secret service for the rest of their lives to keep them protected. [looks at the door] Mr. Service! [an agent looking-man with no pants on him arrives and Garrison presents him to the principals] This is my private security, Mr. Service."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Service,Hello.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,PC Principal,"Uh, thank you for your application, Mr. Garrison. We'll keep you in mind as a backup, but hopefully the vaccination process is going to start opening up."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Walgreens, the generic club song can still be heard."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Green Coat,"Come on, man, it's ridiculous that people can't get in."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Burgundy Coat,"Yeah, you know, in Israel they vaccinate everybody. Israel's way cooler than this lame place!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,So then go to Israel.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Burgundy Coat,I tried... I couldn't get in. [camera switches to Chris]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Tom, I'm outside of the hottest place in town, and what we'd like to do now is take you [moves near the bouncer] for an exclusive look inside."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,"You're not getting in, pal"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,[still looking at the camera] I'm actually willing to go inside and get a shot so that everyone can see just how safe it is.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,"I said get lost, you're not getting in. [Chris looks at the bouncer] Get outta my face."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Please give me a shot. [looks back at the camera] Please, all I want is a shot. [looks back the at bouncer] Just that one shot that could change everything."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,[moving Chris aside] Everyone clear outta the way. Clear the entrance. We have VIPs coming out. [the bouncer opens the stanchion and a bunch of elderly people exit the building]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly People,Whoo-hoo!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Man 1,"Where to next, everybody?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Man 2,That was our second shot. Let's go out to the bars!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly People,Yeah!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stephen Stotch,[from the back of the line] Old people suck!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Man 3,Hah? Can't hear ya. Got too many antibodies in my ears!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly People,Hahahaha!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Stan walks to the school but he's stopped by a car full of old people, including his grandfather, Marvin"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Marvin,"Hey there, Billy! Still gotta wear that mask, huh? We're all vaccinated now. I'm gonna go out to the bars and get some pussy!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Okay, grandpa."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Men,Yeahhhh!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Marvin's Friend 1,"Sayyy... When are they gonna vaccinate you kids? Oh, yeah! You're last! [the elderly people begin to laugh]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Marvin,"Have fun social distancing, loser! [the car drives away; multiple kids can be seen entering the school in the background]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, classroom. The bell just rang and everyone goes to their sits."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Hey, broships. You ready for some substitute teacher action? This should be fun!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[entering the class] Hey, kids! Guess who's baaaaaaaaack?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Everyone,[upset] Awwwwww! Yuck!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I know you've all had a lot of time off this past year."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Oh, dear Christ, what have we done?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"But it's time to get you all back on track. Now, I expect discipline and respect in this classroom -- both to me and your new teacher's assistant, Mr. Service. [Mr. Service arrives] Hand these papers out, Mr. Service. [hands him the papers and slaps his ass]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The bell rings. The children leave the classroom, pissed at Cartman, Kyle, Stan, and Kenny for what they did."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Lola,"Nice going, you dumb cocks!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Red,Stupid assholes!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,You guys are dicks.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Wow, people are really pissed at us for doing the period joke, you guys."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Why do people think we all did the period joke?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Well, because I told them we all did. People know we're bros and that we do everything together!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,You guys are gonna go and tell everyone the truth about who's fault this is! I didn't do anything!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"That's right, Kyle, you did nothing. You knew about the prank, you could have stopped it at any time, but you didn't say a word. Silence is violence, Kyle."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,What?! Dude! [to Stan] Are you just gonna stand there and listen to this crap?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"I don't even know what to do! If you ask me, this whole pandemic has been a giant waste of time! [leaves]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Oh, my God... Maybe our broship didn't survive."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Will you shut up about that!? Nobody cares about your stupid broship! [Kenny starts to cry and leaves, while Cartman and Kyle sadly look at him]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,[to Kyle] And now you've made Kenny cry. [Cartman leaves]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Walgreens. People still wait in line.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,[looking at his list] Nope... Nope... [looking at the Underpants Gnomes] I don't see you anywhere on the list.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gnome 1,"It's ""Gnomes"", ""Underpants Gnomes""."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gnome 2,We are essential workers!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Dr. Alphonse Mephesto,"[from the back of the line] Yeah, yeah. Get in line with the rest of us!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,Is anybody here actually on the list?! [Mr. Mackey arrives dressed as a fireman]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, yes it's uh, Tom, Fireman Tom, mkay."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,"Will you fucking get lost, pal?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,I don't know what you're talking about!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,"Alright, that's it."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,I'm a hero of the community. [the bouncer moves Mr. Mackey aside] I'm Fireman Tom!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Food 4 Little. A car containing several old people drives past.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly People,Yeehhhh! Partyyy!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Inside the store. Mr. Garrison shops alongside Mr. Service.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, let's see... Scissors, paper, glue. Ah! Some good old fashioned number 2 pencils. That's what my students need. Mr. Service, can you grab a couple boxes of those pencils over there? [people in the store look at Garrison]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Shopper,Would you look at that? He ruined our entire country and now he's just back like nothing happened.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, I think that's all the school supplies we need. Let's grab some healthy snacks for the class snack basket. [everyone continues to angrily look at Garrison and he notices them] Oh. Oh, I see. Look, everyone, there's a gay man shopping! I happen to be the only teacher brave enough to teach your kids right now, so you better all get real woke real fast! Come on, Mr. Service! [goes to the produce section and grabs an apple; the Whites arrive]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,"Uh, hey! Excuse me?! [Mr. Service blocks the way] Hey, uh, I'm not sure if you remember me. Bob White? I just want you to know I was always on your side. In fact, all of us Whites were really on your side."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Look, I'm just a teacher. Okay? Just a teacher, I'm shopping for my class."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,"[comes closer to Garrison] So, look, uh, what are we supposed to do now? You know, I'm a follower of QAnon. What are we supposed to do to stop the vaccinations? They're vaccinating people right now, seeding people with their microchips! Surely, you have a plan?! We're on the internet every night waiting for word."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"The word is get a fucking life, jackass! Blow shit out your dickhole! [walks away along with Mr. Service, leaving the White family confused]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,"Did you hear that, honey? He said 'shit... out your dickhole'... He's trying to give us some kind of signal."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Mr. Mackey's office."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"Think my life doesn't matter!? I show you what matters. [packing up his books] Counselors matter. That's what matters. Let's just see how your God damn school functions without a God damn counselor! [the sound of a motorcycle is heard outside] Oh, God dammit. [walks up to the window] Hey! Hey, you damn old people! [an elderly man is making drifts with his motorcycle in the school's parking lot, while an old woman looks at him] Stop doing donuts in the school parking lot!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Man on Motorcycle,Hah?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"I said you old people need to -- [the elderly man revs his engine, making an even louder noise and the old woman joins him on the motorcycle, while showing Mr. Mackey the middle finger before leaving the parking lot; Mr. Mackey returns to his desk] Fucking old people rubbing everyone's noses in their fun times! [a knocking on the door is heard] What?! [Kenny comes in, sad]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,"[sighs] (I've been having a lot of problems with my friends. It just seems like the pandemic exposed problems we didn't even know were there. To be honest, I'm not sure that I even see a future with these guys.)"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,What?! [Cartman opens the door]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Hey, Kenny. Guys? Guys, come on. You agreed to counseling. [Stan and Kyle arrive and Cartman closes the door behind them] Hey, Mr. Mackey. We, uh, we've been having a lot of problems and um, we all want to work on our broship, don't we guys?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,Yes.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Yes.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"You know this pandemic has been a pressure cooker, and we just feel like we're going through the brotions. You know?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"[points at Cartman and Kenny] Because you guys pulled a prank and made the teacher leave, and now everybody hates us."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Silence is violence, Kyle. Silence is violence."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"Guess what, boys? I don't care. I come here and I listen to you kids bitch about your stupid problems everyday and I'm 50 years old! [punching the table] I could die tomorrow from this Covid shit!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Please, Mr. Mackey, we just want to get our old teacher back for everybody, okay? Can you just tell her we're really, really sorry?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"It's not that simple. There's only one way you're getting your teacher back, and that's if teachers get their hands on the vaccine. [the boys look at each other]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,How do we do that? [Mr. Mackey walks up to the window and stares outside]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"There's a place in town... Very hard to get into. Very exclusive. Walgreens. I've tried to get in many times... Dressed like a fireman, mkay. Dressed like a little ol' lady, but they got security up the ass. [turns around to the boys] You find a way inside, get all the vaccines you can and bring them here to the school. You do that, and you just might get your teacher back. Mkay. [the boys again look at each other]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The Whites' residence's basement, night. Bob White gathered up several QAnon followers."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,"My friends, these are very dangerous times. Our country's future is at a precipice. And that is why I have called together every QAnon follower in our town."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,QAnon Follower 1,"Let's forget it, Bob. The bad guys won."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,QAnon Follower 2,I feel like someone pooped on my life.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,They didn't win! We just recently received a new coded message.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,You got a message from Q?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,"Not from Q... From the chosen one. [everyone gasps] Yes, we saw him. In the produce section of the grocery store. And he said to me... ""Blow shit out your dickhole."" I immediately knew something was amiss, because one can't move feces through their penile urinary tract! So I've been going over it and over it and I realized [proceeds to show them a chart full of conspiracy theories] Blow shit out dick hole - BSDH. We all know what BS is, but DH? It didn't make sense. Until my wife reminded me that DH are the initials of David Harris, the anon from Akron, Ohio who said that the elite use Latin to send coded messages. Out your dick hole -- Anno Yanis Domini Homme. Do what he does. The chosen is teaching now. He's taking Q's message straight to the children. And he wants us to do the same."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,QAnon Follower 1,We're supposed to be teachers?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,There's an incredible shortage of teachers right now. He's trying to tell us that this is our time to strike! The elite want to fuck with our kids? We'll fuck theirs! [everyone cheers]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Walgreens. People still wait in line. The boys arrive along with an old woman in a wheelchair.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Hello, sir!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,Who are you?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Oh, hey, hi. We're with the nonprofit service Kids for Kommunity. Both spelled with a K."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Yeah, we assist senior citizens who need the vaccine, but then need help getting to the right place."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Bouncer,"Oh, really? That's pretty damn awesome you guys. I wish more people could be like the Kommunity Kidz. Go on in. [the bouncers opens the stanchion and lets them in]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Everyone in line,Awwww! Come on!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Green Coat,"Hey, I'm in Kommunity Kidz, too! [the boys are inside the building]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Holy shit, dude. That was pretty easy!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,Yeah bros! Kommunity Kidz spelled with a K. Gets 'em every time.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Woman in Wheelchair,"Alright, so where's my Goddamn money?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,What?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Woman in Wheelchair,I told you I already got the vaccine. I'm doin' this for the cash!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Yeah, but we already paid you."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Woman in Wheelchair,"Oh, I must have Alzheimer's, I'm just an olllld lady. [changes tone] Pay again or I squeal."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,You God damn old bitch!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Just pay her, Cartman."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,What?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Come on, the pharmacist is coming!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"This is becoming the most expensive period joke we ever did! [the pharmacist arrives, carrying a tray of vaccines]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Pharmacist,"Excuse me, what are you children doing in here?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,We're Kommunity Kidz. We help seniors get vaccinated.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Pharmacist,"Oh, well that's very great. These boys are helping you, ma'am?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Woman in Wheelchair,"Oh, actually I'm not sure. I have a little Alzheimer's. Might need a little more greenback to jar my memory."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Oh, you fucking slut! This is why we keep old people in the back of the line!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Cartman, just stick to the fucking plan!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Oh, great, Kyle. Now he knows there's a plan!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Pharmacist,What plan?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Elderly Woman in Wheelchair,They're lying about Kommunity Kidz!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Walgreens Pharmacist,It's community with a C like normal?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Kenny, grab the vaccines! [kicks the pharmacist in the leg, while Kenny grabs the tray of vaccines and they run out of the building]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,RUN!!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Go, go, go, go!!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Green Coat,Hey...
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Man 4,[pointing at the boys] Kommunity Kidz have vaccines!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Malkinson residence. The family discusses in the kitchen, while Scott eats cereals."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clark,"For the last time, Ellen, I don't want our son going to that public school! Mr. Garrison is a terrible teacher, he has no grip on the classroom and he's the worst president we've ever had!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Ellen,"But Scott has to go to school, dear."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clark,So we can get him a private tutor!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Ellen,"We can't afford a private tutor, you know that. [Richard Tweak opens the door with a cup of coffee in his hand]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Richard,"Hey, guys, what's the problem? [Ellen and Clark turn to Richard]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clark,It's that son of a bitch Mr.Garrison. He's gonna completely screw up our kids.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Richard,"Well, that's why we pulled Tweek out of school. Haven't you heard? There's a brand new private tutoring company that's fast and affordable!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,An advertisement of the tutor company appears.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Advertiser,"Has your child fallen behind in school? [multiple pictures of children are shown] Do you feel like the government has failed you and your child during the time of Covid? [the message is also written on the ad, then switches to one of the Tutornon members with the US flag behind him]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tutornon Member 1,Then call us! The tutors at Tutornon! [music starts playing; the female QAnon tutor is seen in a girl's room]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,Forget the classroom! Tutornon is bespoke learning that is straight from the internet [points at the computer] to your child. [then points to the girl; camera changes to another Tutornon member who sits at his desk]'
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tutornon Member 1,"We sift through all the information on the internet and present it to your child for a uniquely curated experience. [camera switches to Bob White in front of his residence, holding a laptop in one hand and several masks in the other]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob White,Forget all the Zooms and masks and social distancing at school. [throws the laptop and the masks in a garbage can; the ad switches again to the US flag background and the Tutornon are all shown] Let Tutornon save your child. Literally!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Advertiser,"Contact Tutornon today! On Facebook, YouTube and Twitter!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Malkinson residence, Scott's room. Scott is painting when Clark enters his room."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clark,"Alright, Scott. Your new tutor is here. [Jake Angeli arrives]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Jake Angeli,"Hey, there! Ready to get back on track with your schoolwork?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,I guess so.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clark,You better pay attention and listen to everything he has to teach you!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Jake Angeli,"We'll be great, thanks! [Clark closes the door and leaves; Jake Angeli closes all the curtains in the room] Alright, sit down. We don't have much time!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,Huh?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Jake Angeli,"Tom Hanks and Oprah are just two at the very top of an elite group of people who control everything we see and do. They feed upon children in order to maintain their elite status, and that isn't the worst of it. Do you know what pedophilia is? Here, let me show you."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,[scarily screams] Daaad?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Walgreens. The same news anchor is presenting.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Tom, I'm standing outside the ultra-exclusive Walgreens where earlier today vaccines were taken by that group of young Robin Hoods, the Kommunity Kidz. These brave kids have taken it into their own hands to get people a shot. That's all people want, just a shot, and these boys have made it so you just might get that shot. And have a chance at hope and some happiness in this [gets angry] -- in this shit world -- [is interrupted by the newscaster]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"Okay, thank you, Chris. We'll get back -- [is interrupted by Chris]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"[still angry] No! No! Fuck you, Tom, because Kommunity Kidz are just what this town and this world needed! And it's amazing that some kids took some God damn time to actually go out and do something. Fuck you, Tom. [drops the mic and leaves]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The bell rings. Mr. Garrison arrives in class.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, children, let's take our seats. [starts writing on the board] Today is standardized testing. [Mr. Service walks in and surveys the class] We're gonna make sure you lazy ducks have still been studying through this whole pandemic."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Service,Sir?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Yes, Mr. Service? [Mr. Service directs his gaze to the class, and Garrison is alarmed when he sees the whole class empty except for Jimmy and Bebe] Where the hell is everybody? [they don't answer] I said, where are my students?! Bebe! [points at her] You always know where Wendy is! Where is she?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bebe,I think... her parents pulled her out school and get her a private tutor.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,[angry] A private tutor?! Why would they get a private tutor?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bebe,"Umm..., I'm pretty sure it's because her parents hate you?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,What makes you think that?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bebe,Because I was talking to them about it... Because... I hate you too.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,I am trying to get things back to normal around here! [turns and grabs Mr. Service and speaks to him] Why is everyone acting like this?! Why is everyone against me?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Service,"I don't know, sir."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"I'm gonna get to the bottom of this! Come on, Mr. Service! [grabs Mr. Service by his tie and leaves classroom]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Mrs. Nelson's house. She sits on the sofa when her cellphone rings. She answers.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,Hello?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[from his living room; Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are also there with the vaccines] Hi, Mrs. Nelson, it's Eric Cartman."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,[annoyed] What do you want?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Mrs. Nelson, we would like for you to come back to school tomorrow, because... we have COVID-19 vaccinations."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,Really? You think I'm gonna let you prank me again? I heard you were the ones responsible for the period prank!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"And it was so uncalled for and so wrong. I mean, especially because we're guys. I mean, dudes sitting around coming up with period jokes, like, how old are we? Seriously?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,"Yeah, I don't trust you. I'll just wait until the government decides teachers are important enough to get their vaccinations."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"You are so important. Which is why it was so not funny what we did. I mean, what is funny about blood coming out of a woman's vagina? Like, it's sexist, first of all, and you know what else? It's just lazy. Just like dialing it in, that's what we were doing. We were just dialing it in."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,"You better be at school tomorrow morning, and you better really have vaccinations. For all the teachers!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Hey, we will be there. Period. [chuckling] Okay. Okay, cool. Bye. [hangs up and burst out laughing] Did you guys hear what I said?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"[angry] Why did you almost blow it at the very end, you idiot?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Relax, guys. She's gonna come."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[walks up to Stan] Will you please say something to him?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[angry] What the hell did I do?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,[steps in between them to calm them] (You guys stop it! Stop it!) [outside Cartman's window a man is heard singing]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Burgundy Coat,This is my moment This is my tiiiiimmmmeeee... Hello?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The boys walk to the window where they see several people asking for shots, many of them which were waiting in line at Walgreens"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Burgundy Coat,I've got a dream to fulfill And all I need is a shot! Please Please just gimme a shot!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Green Coat,"Listen, Kommunity Kidz! All I want is a shot! A-and you can give me that shot! That one shot, that's all I need!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Need a Shot Woman Singer,"All I want is a shot, too! If I had a shot, I would make the most of it!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Crowd,Gimme a shot! Please I need a shot!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Guitar Singer,If I just had a shot I would make it the best shot
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Wow, everyone just really wants a shot. [Stephen Stotch joins the crowd along with his wife]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stephen,"Kommunity Kidz, please! If you just give me a shot, why I could be somebody! I could go out to fancy restaurants like all them old people. And eat shrimp as big as my head!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Green Coat,[to Stephen] You're not taking my shot. This is my shot!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Man with Burgundy Coat,"I, I have to have this shot! [the crowd begins to shout indistinctly, asking for shots]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[to the boys] Grab the vaccines. I think we better get outta here. [the crowd tries to break into the house]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,A Tutornon lesson. A Hollywood sign covered in blood is shown.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,"This is a fact. We are all being controlled by an elite, wealthy, and privileged few. [Jeffrey Epstein is shown handcuffed and carried by the police] When Jeffrey Epstein the billionaire was found guilty of sex trafficking, he was set to squeal on all the elites in Hollywood and in Washington who used his child sex services... [Jeffrey Epstein is then shown hanged in his cell] But Epstein was found dead in his cell from ""suicide"". Why do the elites want children from sex traffickers? Adrenochrome. [a plastic bag of it is shown] It is harvested from children for a euphoric and life-enhancing benefit. [a child victim is shown being sawed to bits by one doctor while another operate on his brain, while being supervised a group of hooded monk-like men - these are acolytes] This Satanic cabal of Hollywood and political elites all need the adrenochrome to maintain their positions of power. [Oprah is shown, holding a big goblet of blood in her hands, enjoying it, while a victim child is shown behind her, having been gutted] And they will continue to do so until we stand up against them. [Hillary and a random elderly guy are shown drinking the blood of their victims through straws, while their acolytes collect the blood of a child in the back; Obama is then shown directly drinking blood from a cut victim; Craig's room is then shown with the tutor sitting next to him] Now, do you have any questions, Craig?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Craig,"Um... so does Oprah drink the same blood as Obama, or is it usually a different kid?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,It's kids from all over the world. Now... it's time for me to tell you the biggest thing that the Hollywood elites don't want you to know -- [Mr. Garrison forcefully opens the door; he's accompanied by Mr. Service]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, just what the hell do you think you're doing?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,[surprised] Oh! [stands up]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,Go tutor someone else! You think you can take my students from my classroom?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,"[in shock] Oh, my God! It's you! [smiles]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"That's right, it's me! The head teacher at South Park Elementary! And this is what I think of private tutors! Get her, Mr. Service! [Mr. Service starts beating her and pins her to the floor, strangling her neck] Now who's in charge of all you tutors?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,[choking] It's... it's secret...
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Choke her out, Mr. Service!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,No! Please!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,Who started this bogus tutoring company?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,[still choking] It was... it...
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,I'm listening!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Female QAnon Tutor,It was... the Whitessss. [Mr. Service stops from strangling her; she remains unconscious]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"The Whites? That guy was harassing me at the grocery store! Come on, Mr. Service. It's time to deal with the Whites. [Mr. Garrison leaves along with Mr. Service; Craig remained shocked through the entire scene]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Craig,[sighs] I guess 2021 is gonna be just like 2020.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Raisins, broken down and abandoned. The boys are hiding inside with the vaccines. Stan is looking out the window."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,All good?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[walking up to Kyle] I don't see anybody. I think we're safe here until school starts in the morning.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,(We're actually gonna sleep here?)
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,I don't see what choice we have.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[looking at his phone] Oh, my God."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[turns to look at Cartman] What?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[looks up at the boys] You guys, oh my God, seriously."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[irritated] What?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,[stands up] You guys know Mr. Lawson? Jenny Lawson's dad?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,(Yeah?)
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[points to his phone] He's offering us 2,000 bucks for a vaccination."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[angrily] What are you doing?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Dude, people really want their shot. I'm asking around to see what they're willing to pay for it. I'm a little Harvey Weinstein."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[points outside] We are giving these to the teachers at the school!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Kyle, this is what our broship needs! We can sell these and go on vacations together, go to shows and theme parks!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"[glaring at Cartman] What the broship needs is for us to do the right thing and fix the problem of everyone hating us! [the rest of the boys are silent for a moment] Right, Stan?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"I say we take the vaccines ourselves. I mean, why are us kids last? This whole pandemic has been about doing what's best for adults. Maybe for the broship we do what's best for us."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,What's best for us is thousands of dollars. That's always what's best!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[angrily] You guys are being selfish! You're not thinking about what's best for the broship. You're thinking about what's best for you. We did all this because we wanted to fix the damage of the period prank. That means taking these to the school tomorrow morning for our teachers. [walks up to the tray with the vaccines; he picks it up] I'm gonna put these somewhere safe so no one gets tempted to do the wrong thing!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[looks at Stan] I don't know why you don't stand up to him more, it's really disappointing."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Stan stares after Cartman as he walks away. Kyle enters the back room, carrying the tray with the vaccines. His cellphone rings. He sets the vaccines on a stool."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"[looking at his phone] Oh, crap. [he taps his phone screen] Hey, dad. Look, I'm okay. I won't be home until tomorrow 'cause... well, I'm doing something really important."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"[nonchalant] Oh, okay, Kyle. Sounds good! Thanks, buddy!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[confused] You're not... worried?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"Hey, we trust you, Kyle! [pause] Say, Kyle, we heard you have some COVID-19 vaccinations."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[annoyed] They're for our teachers.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"Oh, okay. Yeah, that makes sense. You know, if you think your teacher is worth saving more than us..."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,It's not like that.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"Well, it sounds like that! Sounds like your teacher's life is more important than your mom and dad's! [camera turns to Kyle, looking annoyed as he listens on his phone] You know, when all this went down, the school wasn't really there for you, was it? [Kyle rests his head on the wall in frustration] School kind of abandoned you kids. But your parents, well... we didn't shove you off into a Zoom meeting, did we?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Dad, please don't-"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"You know, we're not spring chickens anymore. [his voice saddens] The virus is still out there, Kyle, and it's still killing people. I don't know how you'd feel if mom or me got COVID and died in these last few months because you did nothing. Don't do nothing, Kyle. You know what, Kyle?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[closing his eyes] Please don't say it.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"Silence is violence, Kyle. Don't kill mom, buddy. [he hangs up]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[lowers his phone] Shit.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Whites' residence, night time. The family is eating dinner when the doorbell rings."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"Go get that will you, Crystal? [Crystal gets up and opens the front door; Mr. Garrison and Mr. Service are there]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"Who is it, sweetheart?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Crystal,It's the savior of our country and still president of the United States who was impeached unjustly.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[angry] Get them, Mr. Service!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Crystal,[Mr. Service lunges at her and she screams] Aah!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,[The family is now tied up in the living room] What's this all about? Did we do something wrong?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,[turning to face the family] God damn right you did something wrong! Our public school system is dying and you tutors are trying to take advantage of it!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,But we were just trying to be like you!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,You'll never be like me! I've been a teacher for 30 years! I'm just trying to get my old life back and assholes keep getting in my way!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,But we have to tell children the truth! They have to know!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,They have to know what!?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,About-- about the whole thing! About the vaccinations! That the pandemic was blown out of proportion!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Crystal,That Venezuelan socialists switched out circuit boards from voting machines in 12 states!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"Good, sweetie! [he looks back up at Mr. Garrison] Don't you understand everything is being manipulated!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,[turns around] Everyone's being manipulated... So that's why everyone in town is being such an inconsiderate jerk about me coming back?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,Yes. They don't want people to like you. They need people to hate you!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,Who are they?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"They're the elites. They do whatever they want and they feed on the pain and torture of children! And if anybody starts to care, they'll just cut us off when we tell the truth! And the truth is that -- [scene cuts away]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Raisins, morning time. Kyle is in the back room. He pours two of the vaccines into a cup and refills them with Cactus Cooler, looking around to make sure he isn't seen. Stan appears in the background suddenly."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Kyle? [Kyle, startled, drops the can of Cactus Cooler and tries to hide the vaccine] What are you doing?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[panicked] I'm just getting things ready to go.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[walking towards Kyle] So then why are you replacing some of the vaccines with Cactus Cooler?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Alright, Stan, look. It's just the pressure of everything, okay!? My dad called and... I don't want my mom to die."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[angry] I don't want my mom to die either! I can't believe that you would lie to me. That you would hide shit from me.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,"[walking into the doorway] (Hey, guys, what's going on?)"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"[he and Stan look away] Nothing, Kenny. Everything's fine."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"[still looking angry] Yeah, we're gonna go to the school now, buddy."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,(Okay.) [he walks away]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[walking towards Kyle] I'm just gonna try and pretend this didn't happen. But only because it's what's best for Kenny. [he turns and walks away]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, daytime. The boys are walking towards the school with the vaccines."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,I can't believe we're actually doing this. There are people out there who really need these vaccines -- who have cash.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,I just want this over with. Let's get these stupid things to the teachers and go home.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Scott Malkinson jumps into frame, blocking the boys."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"I don't think so, Kommunity Kidz! You're not poisoning anybody with those vaccinations!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"The fuck are you talking about, Scott?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,I've learned the truth! And I won't let you hurt the teacher!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"We don't have time for this, Scott. [the boys walk towards Scott Malkinson]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"You don't understand! I'm part of a militant group now! A secret cabal of patriot children! [he unzips his jacket, revealing a Lil' Qties shirt underneath] Lil' Qties!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Lil' Qties? With a ""Q"" and an apostrophe after the ""L""? That's way better than Kommunity Kids, guys. I told you, we're getting lazy."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"[pulls out a walkie talkie] Move in on my position, Qties!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"A large group of students move into frame, all wearing Lil' Qties shirts."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clyde,You're not hurting our teacher again!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Lil' Qties Blonde Girl,You don't even know what those vaccines are doing to people!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"For the past year, our feelings and our needs have been put dead last! Do you guys really trust anybody anymore?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Butters,Yeah!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Butters? [points to Butters] You're a part of this too?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Butters,I just wanted to believe in something that would get me out of the house! I didn't give a shit what it was.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"Now just put down the vaccines and walk away, Kommunity Kidz."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Look, you guys have a right to say and believe whatever you want, okay? But what you believe is really stupid."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"We'll see who's stupid! [runs towards Stan, punching him in the face]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The boys fight with the Lil' Qties, shouting at each other. Butters runs around waving an American flag. The scene cuts away to a breaking news broadcast."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Tom, I'm standing outside South Park Elementary, where the Kommunity Kidz were set to distribute vaccines to the public. That's when a rival gang showed up and tried to stop them, and the fighting is still going on now. [camera pans towards the fighting] You can see behind me most of the damage is done, but it is still raging on, Tom. You can see this awful gang is trying to stop the Kommunity Kidz, just because the Kommunity Kidz believe in something and actually -- and actually care! They care enough to do something!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"Yeah, that's basically what the Lil' Qties are doing too, right, Chris?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"What do you mean, Tom?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"Well, the Kommunity Kidz are acting on something they believe in and so are the Lil' Qties, am I right? What is the difference?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Oh, yeah, well, the difference, Tom, is that you're a giant piece of shit. That's the fucking difference!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"Okay, let's just --"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"You're gonna even remotely defend these monsters when Kommunity Kidz are promoting change, just -- Fuck you, Tom! I'm out! [he walks off screen, leaving Tom looking bewildered]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The boys are still fighting when Kyle breaks away, suddenly pointing at something."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Oh no! Oh, Jesus, look! [a crowd of adults are running towards South Park Elementary school]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Man 5,This is my shot!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Man 6,My shot!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[grab the vaccines] We got to get outta here!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison and Mr. Service are led into the Whites' basement by Bob.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,[walking down the stairs] Come on! I can show you my Q headquarters!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[looking around] Jesus, you people really take this seriously."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"Vaccinations are nothing more than a way for the elite and powerful to control us. [camera pans across Bob's bulletin board] We've been trying to warn everyone, and then Q released a new post saying the most important day woud be March 4th. At first it didn't make sense. Nothing's happening on March 4th! Until I saw a Super Bowl ad for a new streaming service which launched on March 4th! Streaming is also the term used for nano-technology microchips invented by Bill Gates that are being put into a liquid and then shot into people's arms as a vaccine!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr.Garrison,Who the hell is doing all this?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"The Hollywood elites! [camera once again pans over the bulletin board, showing different pictures of famous celebrities] All of them, rich, powerful people who got to where they were by drinking adrenochrome from tortured children! Anyone who gets vaccinated is going to be tracked and manipulated for the rest of their lives."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,I got an e-mail that all teachers are about to be vaccinated at the school! You're telling me they're all going to become mindless zombies who are fine with child murder?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,Yes!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Aw geez, we gotta get to the school! [both of them run towards the exit]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,I'll let all the other 'anons know! [he opens up a cabinet containing a variety of different guns] We'll put a stop to this once and for all! [he arms himself and hands a gun to Mr. Garrison] Let's do this!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Suddenly the guns glow red before vanishing out of this air.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,Hey! What the hell just happened?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,It's the Hollywood elites! They're on to us! Come on! [they both run off-screen before reappearing a moment later in an arctic landscape]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[looking around] Oh, my holy Jesus!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"[shouting] Don't want the truth coming out, huh? Damn you! We'll get to the school! You can't stop us!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,South Park Elementary principal's office. Mrs. Nelson is pacing across the room.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,I'm sorry for wasting everyone's time. I don't know why I believed them when they said they had vaccinations. [she begins to cry] I don't know why I believe anything anymore. [her phone starts ringing; she answers] Yes?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The boys are sitting at a bridge with the vaccines, looking defeated."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Hi, Mrs. Nelson! How are you?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,Cut the crap! You said you'd be here at 7:00 AM!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"And, you know, we just ran into a little hiccup, so we wanted to see if you could meet us somewhere else for the vaccine."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,"[angry] Oh, no. I knew this was a prank. You're not tricking me into going anywhere!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"No, no, Mrs. Nelson, it's not a prank! Okay, fine, we'll be there, okay? Just sit tight. [he hangs up]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[angry] What was that!? You know we can't get into the school!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"She's not gonna come meet us, Kyle!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,You didn't even try! [looks to Stan]. He didn't try because he wants to sell the vaccines for money!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"[glares at Kyle] And what about you, Kyle? You were the one trying to take vaccines for yourself this morning!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,He what?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Wow. Okay. I thought we had gotten past that, but --"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Look, let's just face it, you guys. We don't trust each other and we don't like each other. We can't keep pretending."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Are you seriously saying what I think?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Alright, guys. I guess it's time we all had the talk we never wanted to have. [he looks at Kenny] Kenny, you wanna go get on your iPad for a minute?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,"(What? No, I wanna hear this!)"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"We just -- we really need to talk for a second, Kenny. Look, I downloaded Madagascar 3. You wanna watch with your Troll headphones? [he offers the iPad and headphones to Kenny]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,"(Yeah, okay.) [he takes the iPad and walks away]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Look, it's been a hard year. And I think for some people there's just no going back."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"I've been trying as hard as I can to hold things together, but I have to admit... I'm just going through the ""brotions."""
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"We can't just force things for Kenny's sake. It's not good for us and it's not good for him. [he turns around, taking his hands out of his pockets and resting against the wall]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,[lifts the cooler with the vaccines] We still have a bunch of vaccines here. What happens now?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,I think I have a plan.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Scene cuts to a news broadcast.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"And explosive powder keg of humanity is set to go off at South Park Elementary! [camera cuts to the chaos unfolding at the school] Thousands of people have turned up to get their shot -- that one shot that could change everything. But also in the crowd are several people who want to stop those vaccines from happening. At the center of it all -- that amazing group of kids who are just taking the time for what they believe is right. I'm talking, of course, about the Lil' Qties. A group of youngsters that believe vaccines are harmful --"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"[cutting him off] Yeah -- yeah, I see what you did there, Tom. That's real fucking cute."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"I'm not trying to be cute. I'm saying if these kids really believe the horrific things they believe, then they'd be bad people not to go out and do something about it, wouldn't they?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"[waving his arm dismissively] Yes, that's totally true if you're a corrupt dickhead without morals. You gotta be fucking --"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"Okay, okay, Chris, let's just get back to the weather."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Yeah, let's get back to the weather, you cunt."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The arctic. Mr. Garrison, Bob White, and Mr. Service are walking through the snow."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[he looks back at Mr. Service, who is lagging behind] Come on, Mr. Service, we have to get back to the school!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Service,"[his hands are covering his groin] My... My balls are freezing, sir."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,[turns back to Bob White] Mr. Service's balls are freezing!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,[turns to face them] Don't give in to them! They're trying to make a joke of everything! That's what they do!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,How do the elites control Mr. Service's balls?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"You still don't get it, do you?! They don't just drink adrenochrome, they run the show! The whole damn show! [a cursor appears suddenly, messing with Bob's appearance] It come down to two people -- [he realizes what's happening to him] Oh, you don't like that, do you?! That's getting a little close to home, huh?! You can't control me anymore, you sons of bitches! [the cursor continues to alter Bob in various ways] They're making fun of me to try and discredit my beliefs! [he is transformed into an obese woman wearing a dress, then a large penis] Oh, you don't like that, do you!? Don't want the world to know that!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[he turns around] Listen! Listen, whoever you are! I don't give a shit what you do!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,What?! What are you saying?!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,Please! I just want my old life back!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,"No, stop! They're monsters!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"I don't care what you do to kids, I just want people to like me again!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Bob,You son of a bitch! Aah! [he runs towards Mr. Garrison]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,Aah! Mr. Service!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Suddenly the show freezes. The whole frame turns, revealing multiple layers of animation."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[pacing forward and back] Ah, oh, okay, what the hell is this? Hey, come back!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The frame turns, everything returning to normal, albeit mirrored."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,How would you like to make a deal?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Service,[grunts] Aah! Aah! [the cursor shrinks him down. Mr. Garrison walks up to him to see what happened; he has been transformed into Mr. Hat]
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,A drawing of South Park Elementary and all the people outside is seen in frame.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Alright, here's the situation -- [he points to the drawing of the school with a red marker] All of our teachers are inside the school, surrounded now by at least 400 to 500 people who want a shot. [he circles the crowd] The Lil' Qties are stationed throughout and we... [he circles the drawing of the boys] And we are no longer bros. The magic is gone and we are through, is that right? [camera turns to reveal Stan and Kyle sitting at a table]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,Yup.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Uh huh.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"But we all want what's best for Kenny, so we have to find a way to compromise and move on with our lives. So how do we do it? We use... a 2-2-3. [he flips the page, revealing a calendar with a schedule written on it] Kyle, you have Kenny for two days starting on Monday. I have Kenny Thursday and Friday, and then, Stan, you get him for the weekend. Then we switch where I have Kenny starting Monday, Stan gets two days and Kyle gets a weekend."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Do we really have to do this? That- that all seems overly confusing.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Okay, so we can go alternating weeks -- [he flips the page] Each one of us has Kenny for six days and then we rotate."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,A week is a long time for Kenny to be with one person.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[flips page] Alternating weeks with a midweek visit. We have longer stretches, but a change for a break."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"Aw, come on. What about sleepovers? We can't take those away from Kenny."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,[flips page] Alternating weeks with midweek overnight.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,It would be easier if I just knew I always had Kenny on certain days.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[flips page] 3-3-4-4 rotation. Makes everyone's days consistent -- oh, hang on on a second, guys. [he opens the door to check on Kenny, who is sitting in the hallway] Everything okay, buddy?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,"[he looks up from his iPad] (Yeah, what's going on?)"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"We're almost done in here, Kenny. You liking that birthday cake-flavored ice cream?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,"(Yeah, it's fine, but I --)"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[cuts him off] Okay, you're doing great, pal. [he shuts the door] The 3-3-4-4 is the most consistent, but to change weekends, we would need... [flips page] the 2-2-5-5 rotation, where the weekends can actually fluctuate."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,I don't even know what to say...
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Well, I say that out of all of those... the first one makes the most sense."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[he flips back to the second page] The 2-2-3, I agree. This way we don't have to be bros but Kenny still has the best possible life."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,[he gets out of his chair] 2-2-3. That's so ridiculous... that it just might work.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. A news report is taking place.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"We've just received devastating news here at South Park Elementary. It appears that the Kommunity Kidz... are breaking up. They have asked for people to... [he reads from a sheet of paper] ""Respect their privacy in these difficult times,"" and it appears that the strain of this pandemic, from people like you, Tom, was just too much."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"[rolls his eyes] Oh, here we go, here we go."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"Yeah, here we go!You just couldn't leave 'em alone, could you, ya prick?!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Tom,"Okay, let's just --"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Chris,"They broke up 'cause of you and your stupid -- wait. Wait, wait, wait. Wait a minute, what is this? [turns to his side] Tom, one of the Kommunity Kidz has shown up to the school... with the vaccines!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Kyle walks up to the school, carrying the cooler with the vaccines."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Guitar Singer,"Finally, I'm gonna get my shot! [the crowd starts to cheer]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"[the Lil' Qties group up] Alright, Qties, this is it! Prepare for the storm! [Kyle stops and looks at them]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"[walking up to Kyle on the left] Dude, what are you doing? You're gonna get yourself killed."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[approaches Kyle on the right] This isn't our fight anymore, Kyle."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,We set out to do something. I'm not letting our broship fall to the pandi just yet.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,Alright... then let's get those vaccines to the teachers.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Okay, let's do this."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The boys face the crowd of Qanons, Lil Qties, and adults waiting for the vaccine. They get into battle position, with Kyle taking out a baton."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[appearing suddenly] Hey! Hold on a second, everybody! [grunting, he drags behind him Bob White, who has been turned into a giant penis] I think I can help things out here!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,What the fuck is that?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Qanon Member,It's him! It's the Chonen One!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Qanon Member #2,He's come to save us all like the prophecy foretold on the internet!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scott,"Wait, he's the Chosen One?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"Listen! Listen, everybody. I -- I think I owe you all a big apology. I came in here expecting everything to just go back to normal, but... we've all been through the proverbial butthole of hardships lately. I thought we could all just magically be friends again. But relationships are very fragile things. [Stan, Kyle, and Cartman look at each other] And in times of crises when we need each other most, it's sometimes when we grow furthest apart. But through it all, Mr. White here has taught me a very important lesson. Make sure you're on the side of the people with the most power. And so, I've worked out a deal with some pretty powerful people... [looks up at the sky] Alright, boys, do your thing!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,A low bass tone sounds and fireworks explode in the air. Everyone in the crowd gasps. Air Israel planes appear.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,It's Air Israel with enough vaccines for every adult in town!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The crowd cheers, running to the plane to get vaccinated. An Israeli man begins throwing boxes full of vaccines to the citizens of South Park. They all begin to inject the vaccinations into themselves."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Gerald,"[vaccinating himself] Hey, Garrison! Good job!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stephen,"Yeah! You're alright, Garrison!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[laughs, putting his hands on his hips] Oh, jeez. Thanks, everybody."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"Well, come on you guys! Let's get inside!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,They run inside with the vaccines where all the teachers are waiting.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,Mrs. Nelson? We're here!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Mackey,"[leaving his office] Boys! Boys, you made it! [all the other staff members walk out]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,Of course we made it! [motions to Stan and Kyle] 'Cause our broship can survive anything!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Hello, Mrs. Nelson! [she is walking down the stairs]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"We got your vaccination for you, Mrs. Nelson."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mrs. Nelson,"Boys... you really did it. I -- I can't believe it. For a while there, I thought I -- [she breaks into a coughing fit] Excuse me. I thought I wasn't gonna -- [coughs again] gosh, excuse me. [she continues coughing and gasping]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Scene cuts to a funeral. Mrs. Nelson is in the coffin. Father Maxi is speaking.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Father Maxi,"As a teacher, Mrs. Nelson did everything she could for her students. So it seems even more unfair that she... was just a few days late in getting the vaccine before she died of COVID. And now as Mr. Garrison takes over teaching for Mrs. Nelson permanently... [Scott Malkinson begins sobbing; Mr. Garrison is smiling] I think we should all take a moment to say... Hey! The rest of us made it, South Park! We're on the other side of this damn thing! [all the adults cheer] And so it's time for adults to screw these masks and party like it's 2021!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,Down By The Lazy River by the Osmonds plays over a montage of adults partying. Two citizens spit in each others' mouths.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Man 7,"[partying in a club] Hey, look at Walgreens! Nobody's going!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Unnamed Man 8,"Yeah, that place used to be so cool and now it's lame!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Randy,"[selling weed at a booth] So we still have some of the pandemic special, but the vaccination special is about out! Try 'em both -- the season is about over, guys!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,A long line of elderly people are entering a retirement home.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Worker,"Back inside the retirement home, old people! All the fun places are ours again! [The elderly people groan]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"The boys are walking down the street, still wearing masks, while the adults party."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stephen,[dancing] Adults are all vaccinated! Adults are all vaccinated!
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Well, I guess this is it... [turns around to face rest of the boys]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,Yeah.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,I guess it is what's best for everybody.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,(What are you guys talking about?)
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Everything's gonna be okay, Kenny. I'll see you on Monday."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kyle,"And I'll come pick you up on Thursday, Kenny."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Kenny,(Huh?)
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Stan,"Hey, I wish you guys all the best, huh?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,Thanks. I'll be fine. I already have some new bros I'm hanging out with.
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clyde,"Hey, Cartman!"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,[turns to face Clyde] Yeah?
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Clyde,"[standing with Jimmy and an unnamed Hispanic kid] Dude, they're reopening Casa Bonita this weekend. Do you wanna come with us?"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Cartman,"[he takes off his mask] Casa Bonita?! Hell yeah, I'll come! [his face falls] Oh, wait! I can't! I have fucking Kenny this weekend! [he throws his hat onto the ground in anger] Shit! [he walks away furiously, glaring at a confused Kenny]"
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Scene Description,"Fourth grade classroom. Mr. Garrison opens the door and walks inside, dropping his books on his desk and taking a seat. He puts Mr. Hat on his hand, smiling."
South ParQ Vaccination Special,Mr. Garrison,"[sighs] Nice doing business with you... you little child-murdering pedophiles. [the scene cuts to black, credits roll]"

```

pipeline_receipts.jsonl:
```
{"index": 0, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:15:14.880062+00:00", "action": "live_scrape", "description": "Scraped real competitor availability from rentmasseur.com", "data": {"stage": "live_scrape", "exit_code": 0, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:15:14.879545+00:00", "mode": "live", "providers_scraped": 4, "errors": 0, "providers": [{"slug": "Preston_Banks", "status": "available", "location": "Los Angeles, CA", "rate": ""}, {"slug": "Tonyxxxx", "status": "available", "location": "Orlando, FL", "rate": ""}, {"slug": "MickeyCuteBoy", "status": "available", "location": "Newark, NJ", "rate": ""}, {"slug": "ExoticYoungGuy", "status": "available", "location": "Atlanta, GA", "rate": ""}]}, "prev_hash": "0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000", "hash": "aaf14e389a23597b3df75937167606cb67d0fccd7374d91411cf796421db871e"}
{"index": 1, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:15:20.908568+00:00", "action": "agi_train", "description": "Trained MLP on real bio corpus", "data": {"stage": "agi_train", "exit_code": 0, "label": "reviews", "corpus": "/Users/alep/Downloads/windsurf-smoke/rm_traffic/data/real_bios.jsonl", "cv": 5, "walk_forward": true, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:15:20.908324+00:00", "output": "Loaded 2723 bios from /Users/alep/Downloads/windsurf-smoke/rm_traffic/data/real_bios.jsonl\nLabel: reviews\n\n\u2500\u2500\u2500 5-Fold Cross-Validation \u2500\u2500\u2500\nFold 0 \u2014 MAE=0.177464 RMSE=0.223644 R2=-0.576835\nFold 1 \u2014 MAE=0.188472 RMSE=0.231563 R2=-0.469099\nFold 2 \u2014 MAE=0.188416 RMSE=0.238457 R2=-0.536625\nFold 3 \u2014 MAE=0.195392 RMSE=0.240308 R2=-0.624000\nFold 4 \u2014 MAE=0.193508 RMSE=0.240466 R2=-0.620767\nCV mean \u2014 MAE=0.188650 RMSE=0.234888 R2=-0.565465\n\n\u2500\u2500\u2500 Walk-Forward Validation \u2500\u2500\u2500\nEpoch 0 train_loss=0.268701\nWalk-forward \u2014 MAE=0.204926 RMSE=0.258753 R2=-0.895010\n\n\u2500\u2500\u2500 Training Final Model \u2500\u2500\u2500\nEpoch 0 \u2014 avg_loss=0.150180\nEpoch 20 \u2014 avg_loss=0.137241\nEpoch 40 \u2014 avg_loss=0.122583\nEpoch 60 \u2014 avg_loss=0.112021\nEpoch 80 \u2014 avg_loss=0.106836\nModel saved to rm_agi/data/models/bio_model.bin\n", "model_path": "/Users/alep/Downloads/windsurf-smoke/rm_agi/data/models/bio_model.bin", "model_exists": true, "model_size_bytes": 33820}, "prev_hash": "aaf14e389a23597b3df75937167606cb67d0fccd7374d91411cf796421db871e", "hash": "86a9a48ffc7a2fb250a869056b67a968fda40345ef851465bde6c79669561390"}
{"index": 2, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:16:13.944206+00:00", "action": "agi_pipeline", "description": "AGI generate\u2192score\u2192evolve\u2192select on real corpus", "data": {"stage": "agi_pipeline", "generate": {"exit_code": 0, "count": 100000, "file_size": 51735320}, "score": {"exit_code": 0, "file_size": 54435320}, "evolve": {"exit_code": 0, "generations": 100, "output": "Loaded 100000 candidates\nGen 0 \u2014 top score=0.2959 (risk=0.0000): Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf\nGen 50 \u2014 top score=0.2959 (risk=0.0000): Wolf Hands, Deep Pressure, Real Recovery\nGA done. Saved 100 elites to rm_agi/data/candidates/ga_elites.jsonl\n"}, "select": {"exit_code": 0, "top": 25, "error": "Cannot open /Users/alep/Downloads/windsurf-smoke/rm_agi/data/candidates/pipeline_evolved.jsonl\n"}, "agi_bios": [], "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:16:13.944195+00:00"}, "prev_hash": "86a9a48ffc7a2fb250a869056b67a968fda40345ef851465bde6c79669561390", "hash": "116e8391e6ac7df06a2596607d9fd257c7d182cefe424b936caff0cdf2a4098c"}
{"index": 3, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:16:20.640574+00:00", "action": "groq_bios", "description": "Groq LLM generated bios for top strategies", "data": {"stage": "groq_bios", "top_strategies": ["sensory_luxury", "therapeutic_expert", "mystery_desire", "local_hustle", "transformation_story"], "bios_generated": 1, "groq_bios": [{"strategy": "sensory_luxury", "bio": "Indulge in the ultimate sanctuary of relaxation, nestled in the heart of Manhattan. As you step into our serene oasis, warm oils and soothing candlelight envelop you, melting away the stresses of the city. Soft silk drapes and plush furnishings cradle your senses, while the sweet scent of aromatherapy wafts through the air, calming your mind and body.\n\nOur expertly crafted therapeutic massage sessions are tailored to your every need, combining deep tissue techniques with gentle, flowing strokes to ease tension and promote profound relaxation. Each bespoke session is a masterful blend of art and science, designed to transport you to a state of deep tranquility and rejuvenation.\n\nIn this intimate, high-end retreat, discretion and luxury entwine, ensuring a truly personalized experience. As you surrender to the skilled hands of our massage therapists, allow yourself to be pampered and indulged, your senses elevated to new heights. Let the warmth and serenity of our sanctuary envelop you, and discover a deeper connection to your own inner peace. To experience the epitome of relaxation, book your exclusive session today.", "chars": 1133, "source": "groq_llm"}], "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:16:20.640531+00:00"}, "prev_hash": "116e8391e6ac7df06a2596607d9fd257c7d182cefe424b936caff0cdf2a4098c", "hash": "a26322ec47cfb73f8862189c8e21de426eb8ce35fdf3df9bc858c064c55cd5e4"}
{"index": 4, "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:16:20.641037+00:00", "action": "merge_rank", "description": "Merged and ranked AGI + Groq candidate pools", "data": {"stage": "merge_rank", "total_candidates": 1, "agi_count": 0, "groq_count": 1, "best_source": "groq_llm", "best_strategy": "sensory_luxury", "best_score": 0, "best_bio_preview": "Indulge in the ultimate sanctuary of relaxation, nestled in the heart of Manhattan. As you step into our serene oasis, warm oils and soothing candlelight envelop you, melting away the stresses of the ", "all_candidates": [{"source": "groq_llm", "bio": "Indulge in the ultimate sanctuary of relaxation, nestled in the heart of Manhattan. As you step into our serene oasis, warm oils and soothing candlelight envelop you, melting away the stresses of the city. Soft silk drapes and plush furnishings cradle your senses, while the sweet scent of aromatherapy wafts through the air, calming your mind and body.\n\nOur expertly crafted therapeutic massage sessions are tailored to your every need, combining deep tissue techniques with gentle, flowing strokes to ease tension and promote profound relaxation. Each bespoke session is a masterful blend of art and science, designed to transport you to a state of deep tranquility and rejuvenation.\n\nIn this intimate, high-end retreat, discretion and luxury entwine, ensuring a truly personalized experience. As you surrender to the skilled hands of our massage therapists, allow yourself to be pampered and indulged, your senses elevated to new heights. Let the warmth and serenity of our sanctuary envelop you, and discover a deeper connection to your own inner peace. To experience the epitome of relaxation, book your exclusive session today.", "headline": "", "score": 0, "risk": 0, "rank": 0, "strategy": "sensory_luxury", "chars": 1133}], "timestamp": "2026-06-26T05:16:20.641024+00:00"}, "prev_hash": "a26322ec47cfb73f8862189c8e21de426eb8ce35fdf3df9bc858c064c55cd5e4", "hash": "8960ac67e21a3a2f2e08c9cfdbfa70e39d165afed63a557e0f9767f9500d581b"}

```

availability.json:
```
{
  "generated_at": "2026-06-26T06:06:41.367314+00:00",
  "mode": "live",
  "count": 4,
  "providers": [
    {
      "name": "",
      "status": "available",
      "rate": "",
      "location": "Los Angeles, CA",
      "sample_text": "Preston_Banks - Male Masseur, Gay massage in Los Angeles, CA | RentMasseur Home Home Gay Massage Male Massage in Los Angeles, CA Preston_Banks \u2014 Search in All Locations \u2014 Search Find Massage Available",
      "slug": "Preston_Banks",
      "url": "https://rentmasseur.com/Preston_Banks",
      "checked_at": "2026-06-26T06:06:31.018342+00:00",
      "mode": "live"
    },
    {
      "name": "",
      "status": "available",
      "rate": "",
      "location": "Orlando, FL",
      "sample_text": "Tonyxxxx - Male Masseur, Gay massage in Orlando, FL | RentMasseur Home Home Gay Massage Male Massage in Orlando, FL Tonyxxxx \u2014 Search in All Locations \u2014 Search Find Massage Available now Reviews Inter",
      "slug": "Tonyxxxx",
      "url": "https://rentmasseur.com/Tonyxxxx",
      "checked_at": "2026-06-26T06:06:34.457470+00:00",
      "mode": "live"
    },
    {
      "name": "",
      "status": "available",
      "rate": "",
      "location": "Newark, NJ",
      "sample_text": "MickeyCuteBoy - Male Masseur, Gay massage in Newark, NJ | RentMasseur Home Home Gay Massage Male Massage in Newark, NJ MickeyCuteBoy \u2014 Search in All Locations \u2014 Search Find Massage Available now Revie",
      "slug": "MickeyCuteBoy",
      "url": "https://rentmasseur.com/MickeyCuteBoy",
      "checked_at": "2026-06-26T06:06:37.309179+00:00",
      "mode": "live"
    },
    {
      "name": "",
      "status": "available",
      "rate": "",
      "location": "Atlanta, GA",
      "sample_text": "ExoticYoungGuy - Male Masseur, Gay massage in Atlanta, GA | RentMasseur Home Home Gay Massage Male Massage in Atlanta, GA ExoticYoungGuy \u2014 Search in All Locations \u2014 Search Find Massage Available now R",
      "slug": "ExoticYoungGuy",
      "url": "https://rentmasseur.com/ExoticYoungGuy",
      "checked_at": "2026-06-26T06:06:41.367302+00:00",
      "mode": "live"
    }
  ],
  "errors": []
}
```

all_candidates.json:
```
[
  {
    "source": "agi_cpp",
    "bio": "I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.",
    "headline": "The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did",
    "score": 0.295888,
    "risk": 0,
    "rank": 1,
    "strategy": "agi_evolved"
  },
  {
    "source": "agi_cpp",
    "bio": "Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly \u2014 your body needs this.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.",
    "headline": "Wolf Recovery: Deep Tissue for Real Bodies",
    "score": 0.295888,
    "risk": 0,
    "rank": 2,
    "strategy": "agi_evolved"
  },
  {
    "source": "agi_cpp",
    "bio": "If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.",
    "headline": "Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC",
    "score": 0.295888,
    "risk": 0,
    "rank": 3,
    "strategy": "agi_evolved"
  }
]
```

ga_elites.jsonl:
```
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"NYC Deep Tissue by the Karpathian Wolf","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf Recovery: Deep Tissue for Real Bodies","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"NYC Deep Tissue by the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf Recovery: Deep Tissue for Real Bodies","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"You bring the stress. I bring the Wolf.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI cannot fix your tax situation, but I can fix your trapezius.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Sports Recovery Specialist","description":"You bring the stress. I bring the Wolf.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"You bring the stress. I bring the Wolf.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Tame the Tension with the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"You bring the stress. I bring the Wolf.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Gym Recovery with Wolf-Level Pressure","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf Hands, Deep Pressure, Real Recovery","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Tame the Tension with the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Tame the Tension with the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Gym Recovery with Wolf-Level Pressure","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI cannot fix your tax situation, but I can fix your trapezius.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nI cannot fix your tax situation, but I can fix your trapezius.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nI cannot fix your tax situation, but I can fix your trapezius.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"NYC Deep Tissue by the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Reset with Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Gym Recovery with Wolf-Level Pressure","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"NYC Deep Tissue by the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"I do not do generic relaxation. I do targeted recovery.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nI cannot fix your tax situation, but I can fix your trapezius.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Reset with Karpathian Wolf","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf Recovery: Deep Tissue for Real Bodies","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"You bring the stress. I bring the Wolf.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nI cannot fix your tax situation, but I can fix your trapezius.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"The Wolf Fixes What Your Desk Did","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Gym Recovery with Wolf-Level Pressure","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf Hands, Deep Pressure, Real Recovery","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"NYC Deep Tissue by the Karpathian Wolf","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf Hands, Deep Pressure, Real Recovery","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nClean private setup. Respectful, discreet, no-rush energy.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Gym Recovery with Wolf-Level Pressure","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nYears of hands-on experience with athletes, desk workers, and weekend warriors.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Wolf-Level Sports Recovery in NYC","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"You bring the stress. I bring the Wolf.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"NYC Deep Tissue by the Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nIf your shoulders live near your ears, you are my kind of client.\n\nYour back called. It said it is tired of your chair.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Reset with Karpathian Wolf","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Desk Goblin Rescue by Karpathian Wolf","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nI am the Wolf your muscles asked for.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"I work on the muscles that complain the loudest.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Gym Recovery with Wolf-Level Pressure","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me: your focus areas, preferred time, and pressure preference.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"The Wolf does not do gentle. The Wolf does effective.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Your Body Filed a Complaint. I'm the Wolf.","description":"Most people wait until they cannot turn their head. You are smarter than that.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nDeep tissue, Swedish, hot stone, and stretching — all adjusted to your body.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Your back has been asking for help. I am the Wolf that listens.\n\nTrained hands, specific pressure, real results.\n\nDeep tissue, trigger point, sports massage, assisted stretching, and hot stone.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nYour neck has been holding a grudge since 2023. Let's settle this.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nMessage me with your focus areas and preferred time.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Posture Crimes? The Wolf Can Help","description":"I work with guys who train hard, sit too long, or carry New York City in their neck.\n\nProfessional space, professional pressure, professional respect.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nSend your preferred day, time, and what needs attention.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Karpathian Wolf: Deep Tissue & Recovery","description":"If your body filed a complaint, you are probably my kind of client.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nDesk workers, gym guys, runners, travelers — if you carry tension, I can help.\n\nLocated in NYC. Shower available. Same-day when open.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Deep Tissue Recovery with the Wolf","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nPrivate studio, fresh linens, shower available, clear communication.\n\nDeep tissue, sports recovery, Swedish flow, stretching, and pressure-forward bodywork.\n\nGuys who lift, guys who sit, guys who fly — your body needs this.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nClean private studio in NYC. In-call and out-call available.\n\nText me your focus areas and I will find you a slot.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nPressure-forward deep tissue and sports recovery. Tell me what hurts.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nBronx-Manhattan area. Private setup. Easy to reach.\n\nText with what hurts and when you want to come in.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}
{"headline":"Strong Hands, Calm Energy, Wolf Focus","description":"Your posture has been writing letters to HR. I can help.\n\nDiscreet location, clean environment, focused work.\n\nSlow, strong, focused deep tissue. Sports recovery. Targeted pressure where you need it.\n\nWhether you sit too much, train too hard, or travel too often, I have hands for that.\n\nIf your posture had a Yelp review, it would not be flattering.\n\nPrivate space in NYC. Same-day appointments when available.\n\nReach out with your preferred time and what needs work.","score":0.295888,"risk":0}

```

hf_report.json:
```
{"detail":"Not Found"}
```

mass_analysis_20260626.md:
```
## Comprehensive Report
### 1. Top 5 Bios Ranked by Conversion Potential
Based on the generated bios, the top 5 bios ranked by conversion potential are:
1. **night_owl** (1243 chars): This bio has a high conversion potential due to its unique approach to targeting clients who are active at night, showcasing the therapist's ability to cater to different schedules.
2. **discrete_confidential** (1274 chars): This bio highlights the importance of discretion and confidentiality, which is a major concern for many clients, making it an attractive option for those seeking a private and secure experience.
3. **luxury_concierge** (1023 chars): This bio offers a high-end experience, which can attract clients who are looking for a premium service, increasing the conversion potential.
4. **therapeutic_expert** (1103 chars): This bio showcases the therapist's expertise in clinical therapeutic massage, which can attract clients who are seeking a professional and effective service.
5. **athlete_recovery** (1243 chars): This bio targets a specific niche (athletes and gym-goers), which can increase the conversion potential by appealing to a specific audience with tailored services.

### 2. Top 5 Blog Posts Ranked by SEO and Engagement Potential
Unfortunately, there are no generated blog posts to analyze. However, it is essential to create blog posts that target relevant keywords, provide valuable information, and encourage engagement to improve SEO and conversion rates.

### 3. Top 5 Interview Question Sets Ranked by PR Value
Unfortunately, there are no generated interview question sets to analyze. However, it is crucial to develop interview questions that showcase the therapist's expertise, unique approach, and values to increase PR value and attract potential clients.

### 4. Cross-Strategy Themes that Perform Best
Based on the generated bios, the following themes perform well:
* **Targeted services**: Bios that target specific niches or audiences (e.g., athletes, couples, LGBTQ+) tend to perform well.
* **Unique selling points**: Bios that highlight unique selling points, such as discretion, luxury, or expertise, can attract clients who are seeking a specific experience.
* **Emotional connections**: Bios that create an emotional connection with potential clients, such as emphasizing relaxation, stress relief, or personal growth, can increase conversion potential.

### 5. Recommended Posting Schedule for the Week
Without blog posts and interview question sets, it is challenging to provide a comprehensive posting schedule. However, it is essential to post content regularly to maintain a consistent online presence and engage with potential clients. A recommended posting schedule could include:
* Posting a new bio or updating an existing one every 2-3 days to keep the content fresh and attract new clients.
* Creating and publishing blog posts at least once a week to provide valuable information and improve SEO.
* Sharing interview question sets or featured interviews on social media platforms to increase PR value and attract potential clients.

### 6. Best Bio to Use on the Profile Right Now
Based on the analysis, the **night_owl** bio is the best option to use on the profile right now. This bio has a high conversion potential, targets a specific audience, and showcases the therapist's ability to cater to different schedules. However, it is essential to regularly update and refresh the bio to keep the content fresh and attract new clients.
```

experiment_ledger.json:
```
{
  "experiment_id": "exp_20260626_bio_ab_test",
  "status": "staged",
  "start_date": "2026-06-26",
  "description": "Bio A/B test — 4 archetypes, 1 deployed at a time, 6h minimum exposure",
  "variants": [
    {
      "bio_id": "bio_A_clinical_recovery",
      "label": "Clinical Recovery",
      "file": "content/bios/bio_A_clinical_recovery.md",
      "archetype": "therapeutic_expert"
    },
    {
      "bio_id": "bio_B_karpathian_wolf",
      "label": "Karpathian Wolf (controlled brand)",
      "file": "content/bios/bio_B_karpathian_wolf.md",
      "archetype": "dominant_identity_clean"
    },
    {
      "bio_id": "bio_C_luxury_concierge",
      "label": "Luxury Concierge",
      "file": "content/bios/bio_C_luxury_concierge.md",
      "archetype": "luxury_hotel_outcall"
    },
    {
      "bio_id": "bio_D_funny_direct_cta",
      "label": "Funny Direct CTA",
      "file": "content/bios/bio_D_funny_direct_cta.md",
      "archetype": "humor_conversion"
    }
  ],
  "rules": {
    "min_exposure_hours": 6,
    "min_profile_views": 25,
    "requires_downstream_signal": true,
    "downstream_signals": ["contact_click", "email_click", "phone_click", "message_received", "booking_request", "confirmed_booking"],
    "reward_weights": {
      "profile_view": 1,
      "contact_click": 5,
      "email_click": 5,
      "phone_click": 8,
      "message_received": 10,
      "booking_request": 25,
      "confirmed_booking": 100
    },
    "decision_options": ["KEEP_CURRENT", "TEST_NEXT_VARIANT", "ROLLBACK", "NO_SIGNAL_WAIT"],
    "freeze_other_variables": true,
    "freeze_note": "Photos, price, interview, blog must NOT change during bio test. One variable at a time for attribution."
  },
  "schedule": {
    "day_1_2": "Bio test only. Freeze everything else.",
    "day_3_4": "Photo test only. Keep winning bio.",
    "day_5": "Price test only. Keep winning bio + photo.",
    "day_6": "Interview/blog credibility test.",
    "day_7": "Weekly decision with evidence."
  }
}

```

weekly_report_20260706.md:
```
# Weekly Report — 2026-06-29 to 2026-07-06

## Stats

```json
{
  "period": "2026-06-29 to 2026-07-06",
  "bios": 0,
