Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, he says Pablo here will take you on a rainforest tour."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh boy! Mr. Presidente, round up your subjects outside. We have a special gift for you. The gift... uh-of song. [moves aside]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,[long pause] ¿Qué?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,On the Capitol steps.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"All right, children, Let's get in our rows quickly, so we can begin."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"[walks over to Kenny, her partner] Did you remember all the choreography, Lenny?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(Yeah, I think so.)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Hello, everybody. This is just a little rehearsal for tomorrow, so we may be a little rusty. [chuckles and shrugs. The people just look. She presses the play button. The kids begin to dance to the music]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,The Tape,"[Intro] Tootin' tootin' to, tada choo choo wow! [Men sing]There's a place that is magical, and full of rain. [Women sing] But now it needs help, because it is in pain. [Men sing] Cleaning the earth is a mighty big chore [All sing] We're spreading awareness like never before! [Chorus] Getting Gay With Kids is here! [Kyle is out of step now] To spread the word and bring you cheer Let's save the rainforest! What do you say?! Being an activist is totally gay! [Bridge. Man sings] Someday if we work hard, boys and girls, [Woman sings] There'll be nothing but rainforests covering the entire world! [Man joins her] World! [Chorus. Kids rush into the audience and bring some members back as new partners] Getting Gay With Kids is here! To spread the word and bring you cheer. Yeah! Getting Gay With Kids is here! Let's save the rainforest! It's totally gay! It's totally gay! [The kids regroup and Kyle stumbles into place. The tape is stopped and the subjects just walk away]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Great job, gang! You were really all over the place, Kyle."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Thanks!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,I told you Jewish people don't have rhythm!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Fuck off, Cartman!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"No, dude! I think Cartman might actually be right."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,[alarmed] No! That's a stereotype.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Dude! Maybe you really don't have any rhythm. [Camera closes in on a stunned Kyle]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"Next day, the sun rises over a sea of green, the canopy of the rainforest. The choir teacher and her group are touring with Pablo."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,This is now secondary rainforest we are entering. Notice the canopy of foliage.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, it's everything I ever dreamed it would be!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"God-damn, it's hot out here!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,[sees a branch] Aaah! Snake!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"No, dude. That's a branch."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Oh. [sees it again] Aaah! Snake!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,No. That's the same branch again.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Oh.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,"[turns and stops the group] The rainforest is very delicate, and we must take steps to protect it."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[impatient] Yeah yeah yeah, take steps to protect it, blah blah blah. [Pablo looks at him] We hear this a million times back up in the States."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,"Here! Look! These are squirrel monkeys. [one sits in a tree, resting] Endangered inhabitants of the rainforest."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Wow! Isn't he neat, Lenny? [takes a picture]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[takes a branch and starts beating the monkey] Bad! Bad monkey! [it screams in pain]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Eric, what the heck are you doing?? [the monkey flees]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[stops] I'm asserting myself. It's tough love. Just like my Mr. Kitty. When he's bad I say, “Uh that a bad Mr. Kitty!” and I smack him on the head!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,And here is a three-toed sloth. [hangs from a branch with all four legs]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[takes the branch and starts beating the sloth] It's bad! It's a bad three-toed sloth!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[pulls him away] Eric, for God's sake, knock it off!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[throws the branch at the sloth] Re’spect my authoritah!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Well, Mr. Pedro, this was a great tour, but I guess we should be getting back. We have a big concert tomorrow, Don't we, kids?!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kids,YEAH!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir boy,I wish we could have seen the Yanagopa.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,What's the Yanagopa?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"The Yanagopa are gentle native people that live in the rainforest, but bulldozers are destroying their homes. Soon, they will have nowhere to go. So we must stop bulldozing the rainforest so that they can live-!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[fed up, buries his face in his mitts] Aagh Ghyod, here she goes again!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,AAAAAAA! [hides behind a girl]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Stanley, what is it?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,SNAAAKE! [all see and gasp]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,"[standing next to the snake wrapped around a tree trunk] Oh, yes. Uh this is what we call a coral snake. Notice the red markings. Quite an amazing creature."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,AAAAAAA! [runs farther back]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,"What's the matter, little boy?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"He's a little wuss, what's it look like? [Stan is hiding behind some foliage]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,[lifts some away] I'm just a-scared of snakes.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Pablo,"Naw, naw. You must remember. This snake is more afraid of us than we are of it. [the snake jumps out of the tree and wraps itself around him, suffocating him] Oh!! [the snake bites him all over the face. Stan looks and drops the foliage so as to hide, and Pablo falls] Agh."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,[in horror] Oh my God!! [the snake starts swallowing Pablo]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Yeah, that snake is really scared of us all right!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[petrified] Jesus Christ, is he dead?! [Pablo's bones come out of the snake's anus]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Dude!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,My guess would be yes.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, no! God, no, no! [spins around] Don't panic, children."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[beats the snake, which turns and comes at him] Bad! That's a bad snay-ah! [hurries away, and the snake gives chase]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,The sun sets over the rainforest. The choir teacher now guides the group…
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Maybe we came from that way. [points to her left] No, nno. Let's try this way. [points to her right and moves that way]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,[walking behind Kenny] Benny? Do you think we're gonna be okay?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,[stops] (Yeah. Everything is fine.)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,That's good. Can I tell you something?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,(Okay.)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,I think I like you. [holds his shoulder]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,(Really?!)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"[releases] Yeah. I mean, I think we communicate really well."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(Oh, that's great!)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"[looks away] No, that's not good."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,(That's not good?)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"No. See, if I start to like you too much, [looks away] I'm only going to get my heart broken. 'Cause we live on opposite ends of the country. [looks at him again] Once this choir tour is over, we'll never see each other again. [grabs him and gets emotional] And that would devastate me. [lets go] So I can't have any feelings for you, I just can't, Lenny! [walks away]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,[pissed] (Aaaargh!)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, children, the sun is setting. We have to find our way out of here quick!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,The sun sets and the moon appears over the rainforest. Lightning flashes and the camera slowly drops to ground cover.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Whoa-kay, okay, everything is just fine, kids. Now it is important that we all stick together. Is everybody still here?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,A Boy,I’m not.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Who's not?!
Rainforest Shmainforest,A Boy,Me.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Benny, will you hold my hand? [picks her nose. When she lowers her hand, Kenny grabs it, but she looks away] I don't want to get emotionally attached, though."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"Oh my God, dude!! I just saw Tony Danza!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,Lightning flashes and the group is seen sitting in a row on the ground with Tony Danza visible seated in the middle next to the choir teacher.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"No, you didn't just see Tony Danza, Stanley."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"Next day. The sun rises over the Centro Nacional. A rooster crows. A massive stage is prepared for the Save the Rain Forest summit. It looks like an amphitheater, with a scaffold holding ten speakers over the stage and bullhorns atop the pillars. Balloons and a Save the Rain Forest banner are also anchored to the scaffold."
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,"[on stage] Bueno, bueno. Pongan el arcoiris al lado de las tortugas muertas. (Put the rainbow next to the picture of dying sea turtles.) [the worker moves along]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"[approaching] Buenos dias, Señor Presidente, ¿mbien? (Hello, El Presidente)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,¿Qué tal? ¿Está todo bien? (Oh hello. Is everything going okay?)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, muy bien. Señor Presidente, um... ¿Usted no ha visto el coro, no, mm-hm bien? (Oh fine, fine... You, uh, haven't seen the choir have you?)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,¡¿QUÉ?! (WHAT?!)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Parece que anoche no regresaron al hotel, hmbien. (Well, they never came back to the hotel last night...)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,"¡¿Está bromeando, Mackey?! ¡¡¡Más de cien mil personas atenderán este evento!!! ¡¿Y me dice usted que no tendré a mis chiquitos lindos para que les canten?! (You've got to be kidding!! I have over a hundred thousand people coming to this event!!! Are you telling me that I have no darling little kids to sing to them?!)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Estoy seguro que-uh-mmm, que-aaah llega- llegarán. No se preocupe. Eh, olvidelo, ¿yeah-mbien? (I am sure they'll get here. No problem, forget I said anything.)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"At the same time, in the rainforest, the group rises and marches on."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Dude, we're totally lost! We're gonna die out here!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,We are?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Don't worry, Kelly. We're gonna find our way out of the rainforest and make it back to the concert in time. We just need to respect our mother rainforest so that she will respect us."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Miss Stevens, you have a bug on your back."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, really? Could you brush it off? [shows her backpack, and a huge insect half her size growls on it]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Um, no."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[panics] Oh, boy oh!! Oh my God, get it off me!! For the love of God, get it off me!! Oh my God!! [the insect growls and falls silent. Miss Stevens returns] Oh-okay, children. We must understand that the insects of the rainforest help the delicate balance of life here. [sees the insect, still on her back] Oh my God!! [runs off]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Rainforests suck! I wanna go home!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Me, too! [the rest start to groan]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Shh. Children, okay, let's try to listen to what the rainforest tells us. And if we use our ears she can tell us so many things. Perhaps-"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,[Kyle runs into an adult] Aaaaa! There's a dude here! [a soldier holding a shotgun]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, thank goodness! Hello, sir. We are lost. [giggles] Cah heh, can you help us?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Solider,¿Qué?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[moves forward] Let me try, let me try. We are from America. A-me-ri-ca. [the soldier listens] We are lost and verry hungry. Necesito burri-tos. [rubs his belly]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"I don't wanna burrito, I want a taco. Supreme."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Y taco.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,I want two tostadas and mild sauce.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Two tostadas and mih-um enchilito.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Boys, please. Not every Spanish person eats tacos and burritos. That's a stereotype. [the soldier points a way out with his thumb] Children, he wants us to follow him! Oooh, thank goodness! I think this ordeal is over! [they leave]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,The group arrives at a military camp deep in the rainforest. Soldiers go about their maneuvers. The kids pass a small barbed-wire bunker.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,This doesn't look very safe.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Yeah. I think we should get the hell out of here.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Now kids, let's be a bit more open-minded. I read all about this in Newsweek; this is a people's army. They are fighting the fascist policies of their fascist government. [addresses them with a lilt] Oh, hello. Do you speak of English?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,People's Army Leader,[crisp] Who are you?!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, wonderful! We were lost, and it is such a great coincidence we found you. You see, we're here to protest the government-sanctioned raping of your rainforest. [the soldiers just stare] We are fighters, just like you. Could you help us get back to San José? [no response] Um... [thinks] Oh, I know! Perhaps you would like a gift. Well, we have o-honly-hee one gift to give. The gift... of song [she moves aside]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kids,"Honh. [she presses the play button, and the song plays. The kids begin to dance]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[through clenched teeth] Kyle, for the love of God, do the right choreography. [as the chorus nears, Kyle is still doing the wrong moves] Oh, Kyle, please! [the kids dance through the first line of the chorus...]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,People's Army leader,Enough! [the music stops]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Well, we hope that our gift of song has warmed your hearts."
Rainforest Shmainforest,People's Army leader,"We're not getting gay with any kids, okay?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Uh, yah, soooo, do you have a phone we could use?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,People's Army leader,"Heehee yes, we have a phone. It's right over there next to the 12-person jacuzzi. [the other men begin to laugh] Now, get out of here before we kill you!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,[sullen] Is it because of the little Jewish boy's choreography?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Hey!
Rainforest Shmainforest,People's Army leader,"[the soldier next to him cocks his shotgun] You white Americans make me sick! [emphasizes his disgust with thumps on the table] You waste food, oil, and everything else because you're so rich, and then you tell the rest of the world to save the rainforest because you like its pretty flowers."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"Two Costa Rican soldiers can be seen behind the gasoline barrels. They pop up and open fire. The people's army immediately responds, and bullets fly everywhere. The kids scream."
Rainforest Shmainforest,People's Army leader,"[waving the choir away] ¡Rápido, rápido! [Kenny steps in front of Kelly to shield her from any shots coming their way]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Run, children, run! [the choir moves out]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,Back in San José.
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,¡¿Dónde putos está el coro?! ¡El espectáculo comienza pronto! (Where the hell is our choir?! The show is supposed to start soon!)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"No se preocupe, ¿mbien? El Presidente, estarán aquí. Este evento es muy importante para que la maestra del coro se lo pierda. ¿M-m-mbien? (Don't worry, El Presidente, they'll be here. This is too important for the choir teacher to miss.)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,Back in the rainforest. The choir now walks along a riverbank.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Hello?? Anybody?? Help??
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir boy,"Wow, look at the pretty flower. [stops by to touch a huge yellow flower with blue support on a large green stalk]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh nonono, Jake. That fragile flower is very delicate, okay? [before she could finish the sentence, the flower wraps its petals around Jake and pulls him off the floor.]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Jake,"Aaaah. Ugh, help!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,[quakes] Ga-ow! [quickly grabs Jake's feet and pulls. The choir walks on]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,[crying and pouting] I wanna go home! [Kenny stops and turns] I hate the rainforest!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"[walks up and puts his arm around her] (Oh, there, there now. There's nothing to be afraid of, dear.) [comforted, she smiles]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"[gushing] Oh Lenny, hold me. [moves away] No, I can't get attached. [pause, then moves closer] Oh, but I do like you."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(Well, I like you-)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"[moves away] Oh, but you're only going to leave me."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"[pissed] (Oh, God damn it!)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,San José. The reporters for the telecast have arrived and are in position.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Short Reporter,"We're here live in San José, Costa Rica, where hundreds of rich Americans have gathered for the Save the Rain Forest summit. Everyone is here so they can feel good about themselves, and act like they aren't the ones responsible for the rainforest's peril."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Slim Reporter,"That's right, Bob, and of course the main attraction today is the darling kids' choir, ""Getting Gay With Kids,"" all of whom must be backstage preparing at this very moment."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,The rainforest. The terrain looks familiar…
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[the problems mount] Oh, there's just no end to this place! I think maybe we're going in circles. Oh, dear God! The summit starts in an hour; I'm gonna lose my job! [another large insect roars behind her backpack, and she jumps] Aaaah!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[turns and walks back the way they came] This is bullcrap! I am not following this stupid hippie around anymore.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Eric, where are you going?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,I'm going this way!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Young man, I am the adult here, and I say you go this way!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[stops] Look: you can stay over nyah [gestures towards her], but I'm going over nyah. [Gestures away from her]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Young man, I have had it!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Nononono! You nyah, me nyah! [gestures forward and backward] Screw you guys, I'ma going home. [walks away]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Good! You deserve to die, you little bastard! [the others watch him leave] Eric, we have to stay together!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,Eric moves through the rainforest.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,God-damned stupid hippie activist! I should be home nestled in the couch with my Mr. Kitty right now watching Fat Abbot cartoons and eat- [finds himself at a clearing full of bulldozers moving wood around] Yes! I knew it! I'm saved! [rushes in]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,Back by the river.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Hey. Maybe Cartman was right.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Yeah. It happened once before.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,No. The Spirit of Maya has told me to go this way.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,At the clearing.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[reaches the foreman] Mister! You've gotta help me! I'm starving to death!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,"What are you doing here, little boy?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"I was with my class, and we got all lost in the rainforest, and I need some food. I'm fading fast!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,"Lost in the rainforest? Oh, my Lord! Where are all the others?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Food! I have to have food! [falls on his face]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Fireman,"Oh my God! Get this child some food, quick!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[lifts his head] Chicken wings. [drops it]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,Chicken wings!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[lifts his head] Medium spicy. [drops it]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,San José
Rainforest Shmainforest,Crowd,Start the show! Start the show! Start the show!
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,"La gente está ansiosa. Dentro de poco, se alborotan y empiezan a tirar chorchadas. (The activists are getting anxious. They will start throwing things soon.)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Estoy seguro que llegarán. Eh-sólo poquito más de tiempo, ¿mbien? (I'm sure the choir will be here. We just need a little more time)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,"Bueno, voy a entretenerlos con mis chistes de Polacos. [heads for center stage] (Well, I will try and amuse them with my Polish Jokes.)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,Mbien.
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,"[on the mike] ¿A cuántos Polacos les toma a comerse un burrito? [the crowd is silent. He holds up two fingers] Dos. [seeing no reaction, he laughs, then tries again] ¿A cuántos Polacos les toma a manejar a Panamá? (How many Pollacks does it take to eat a burrito? Two. How many Pollacks does it take to drive to Panama?)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"In the rainforest, the choir keeps walking."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh God, this is a nightmare! We're never going to make the festival!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"Hey, look over there. Isn't that smoke? [a column of smoke is seen floating above the canopy]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Let's go, quickly! [they rush towards the column and find a small campfire]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Hey, it's a fire. That means there must be people. [the shrubs around them rustle, and they face the shrubs. Some big-lipped dwarves surround them.]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Children, it's the Yanagopa. [to the dwarves] Do not be afraid. We are not here to tear down your rainforest. [the group is surrounded by spear-bearing Yanagopa men.]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Yanagopa 1,Damtilié?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Yanagopa 2,Damtilié?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[marveling] Look how they live in peace with all living things. Gentle, noble... [the Yanagopa raise their spears high] Run for your lives, children!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Holy crap! [all run]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Yanagopa,[giving chase and throwing spears] Damtilié! Damtilié! Damtilié!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Jesus Christ!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Run run ruuun! [A huge insect lands on her backpack and roars. She looks back and the insect flies away] Waaah!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"[trips and falls down] Aaaaa! Lenny! [Kenny goes back, helps her up, and they keep running. The choir runs across a puddle of quicksand and begin to sink]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,What the hell?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,We're sinking.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"It's quicksand, people! [the Yanagopa warriors surround them and leap with excitement, still screaming ""Damtilié!""]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"The Yanagopa village. Heads of unfortunate trespassers hang on poles. An abandoned camera is among them. Further on, the choir is found seated around a campfire... tied up individually."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"All we ever heard growing up was, ""Save the rainforest. The rainforest is fragile""!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Yeah! Fragile my ass!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Larry, if we make it out of this, I want to be your girlfriend. Even if we do live in different places, I don't care! [snuggles up to him]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(Kelly, you said it!) [she tries to pick her nose, but the ropes won't let her]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"The Yanagopa men are apparently no different than other men. They have dressed Miss Stevens in a skimpy home-made red-and-white cheerleading outfit, complete with pom-poms, then strung her up between two trees. They dance around her, chanting ""Damtilié"""
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[put off] Okay. Just what the heck is going on here, people? [a giant Yanagopa rises from the brush and his voice rumbles across the rainforest. She responds] AAAAA!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Oh no, that big thing is going to make love to Miss Stevens!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"All right, that does it!! [the men stop dancing] Goddamn stupid-ass rainforest!! This place fucking sucks!! [the giant Yanagopa is shocked] I was wrong!! Fuck the rainforest!! I fucking hate it, I fucking hate it!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"Oh, now she figures it out."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"A bulldozer appears, driven by the foreman."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,Quick! Everybody help the children!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"More bulldozers enter and spread out. The workers go after the Yanagopa and chase them away. The children brighten up considerably. One bulldozer scoops up a group of Yanagopa and crushes them against a tree, killing them, then backs up over a coral snake, crushing it to bits, then rolls forward over a large insect, crushing it."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Wow!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Dude! Bulldozers rule!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,[cutting the ropes off the kids] Come on! Let's get you back to civilization!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kids,HOORAY!!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"[being cut down by a worker] Hooray, children!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"Later, Miss Stevens is back in her regular clothes and sits on a gasoline barrel. Kyle sits on another one, and the rest of the kids take positions all over the bulldozer. All sip lemonade."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,How did you know where we were?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,Your little friend helped me out.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Eric?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[arriving] Who'd you expect? Merv Griffin?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"What exactly are you guys doing out here, with all this ...construction equipment?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,We're clearing out big sections of the rainforest for a lumberyard.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Really? [excited] That's great!!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,"You mean, you don't mind?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Nooo, I hate the rainforest! You go right ahead and plow down this whole fucking thing!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Foreman,That’s swell!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Okay, Benny. So in order for our long-distance relationship to work, we'll have to call each other every other day."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(Okay. I can do that.) [lightning strikes him, knocking her away] (Christ!) [he falls, she gets up and goes to him]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,Aaaah! Lenny! No! [Stan and Kyle rush in]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,You bastards!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,[turns to face them] Whah?? Who?! Who killed him?!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,They did.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Who's ""they""?!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"[pause] You know, ""they."""
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,They're... they're bastards.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Well don't just stand there, help him!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,What?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Help ...him?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Aaagh! [turns around and pounds on Kenny's chest] Come on, Benny! Breathe! [she tries giving him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, then pounds on his chest again] Breathe, you son of a bitch! [she picks her nose, then pounds some more. Kenny coughs, and she listens]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,San José. The choir is now at the Save the Rain Forest summit stage.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Summit host,"And now, here to teach us about the rainforest is Getting Gay With Kids. [the crowd applauds]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Does everybody remember the new lyrics? [the kids nod yes] And…
Rainforest Shmainforest,The new lyrics,"[Intro] Tootin' tootin' to, tada choo choo wow! [Men sing] There's a place called the rainforest; it truly sucks ass. [Women sing] Let's knock it all down and get rid of it fast. [Men sing] You say, ""Save the rainforest,"" but what do you know? [All sing] You've never been to the rainforest before. [Chorus] Getting Gay With Kids is here! [Kyle still can't dance] To tell you things you might not like to hear. [Kenny and Kelly exchange glances] You only fight these causes 'cause caring sells. All you activists can go fuck yourselves!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Male activist,That was so inspiring.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Female activist,What a wonderful message.
Rainforest Shmainforest,"The new lyrics, part II","[Bridge. Man sings] Someday if we work hard, boys and girls, Each year, the Rainforest is responsible for over three thousand deaths from accidents, attacks or illnesses. [Woman sings] There'll be no more rainforests left in the entire world! There are over seven hundred things in the Rainforest that cause cancer. [Man joins her] World! Join the fight now and help stop the Rainforest before it's too late. [Chorus] Getting Gay With Kids is here! To spread the word and bring you cheer. Yeah! Getting Gay With Kids is here! Let's knock down the rainforest! What do you say?! It's totally gay! It's totally gay!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,General Store. The boys are shopping…
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"[with an air pump] Is this what you're looking for, Kyle?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"No, I don't think so."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kenny,[bringing a hair dryer] (How about this?)
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"No, that's a hair dryer!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Manager,May I help you find something?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Yeah. Do you have any ""nurections""?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Manager,Any what?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,I need to get a nurection for my dad.
Spontaneous Combustion,Manager,"Very funny, boys. Go on, beat it. [gestures to the exit with his thumb]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Why is that funny?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Dude, my mom and dad keep fighting all the time. And both of them say it's because my dad doesn't have a nurection. So I want to get him one. [the boys are suddenly outside, with the door slamming shut behind them] Damn it! What the hell is wrong with everybody? [the boys walk away]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,That's the fifth store we've been kicked out of. Why is it so hard to get a nurection?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kenny,"(I know, fucking seriously!)"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,I just want a nurection so I can give it to my mom.
Spontaneous Combustion,Man,[walks by with his lady] What?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kenny,"(Well, see you guys. I gotta go take the bus out of town.)"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Oh, where are you gonna go, Kenny? You gonna see your little girlfriend again?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kenny,"(Yeah, dude. She saved me.)"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Dude, you spend way too much time with that girl. If you don't-"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kenny,(Ach.) [Poof. Stan and Kyle turn. All three are left looking at a charred body]
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,You bastards!
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,What the hell happened to him?
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,He just... ignited.
Spontaneous Combustion,Man,[rushing up] What happened?
Spontaneous Combustion,Woman,[rushing up] I saw it from across the street. He just caught on fire. [Barbrady drives up and screeches to a halt]
Spontaneous Combustion,Officer Barbrady,"[rushes up to the boys] Okay people, stand back. Give the little burnt boy some breathing room."
Spontaneous Combustion,Blond Man,I've heard about this. This is... spontaneous combustion. But it usually only happens to fat people near open flames.
Spontaneous Combustion,Man 2,Is it contagious?
Spontaneous Combustion,Woman,Am I going to spontaneously combust?
Spontaneous Combustion,Man 3,I hope it doesn't happen to me.
Spontaneous Combustion,Woman,This is very scary.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"City Hall,the Mayor's office. The Mayor is talking with someone."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,The people are panicking about spontaneous combustion. That's why I've assembled this crack team of scientists to find out the cause of the phenomenon. You are the best scientific mind South Park has to offer.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"...Uuuh. Mayor, I'm a geologist."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,Right.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Well, uh I don't study human biology, I study the earth."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"Look, you're the only scientist that lives in this town. You have to find an answer before more people combust. You do that, and you'll be the most beloved man in South Park. [Randy begins to daydream]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The Most Beloved Man In South Park. Hands move him over the crowd.
Spontaneous Combustion,Crowd,Randy! Randy! Randy! Randy!
Spontaneous Combustion,Man,"We love you, Randy."
Spontaneous Combustion,Woman,"[rushing up] Make love to me, Randy. Please!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Returns.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Wow.
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"Marsh, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you! Find the cause of spontaneous combustion, or else!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Or else what?
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,[pounds on her desk] Exactly!
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"First Church of South Park. The organ is heard as people gather for Kenny's funeral. Inside, Stan and Kyle hop up to the bier the coffin is on. Cartman tries a couple of times and finally makes it."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dude, he looks so peaceful without his little orange coat on."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Yeah. [The boys hop off the bier and move to the front row for the service as Priest Maxi approaches the coffin. He opens the Bible and reads]
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Sometimes the giveth seems a little disproportionate to the taketh. There seems to be a lot more takething going on, but there it is. Perhaps if more of you attended church on Sundays [Kevin falls asleep, Stuart reads Gazongas magazine and checks out its centerfold while his wife sniffs], the Lord would not have felt it necessary to punish us by takething this little boy…"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Garrison,"[to man to his left] Oh, here comes the guilt trip again."
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Now, let us pray. [all close their eyes and bow their heads] Lord, though we have lost Neil Smith to free agency and Steve Atwater to the Jets, still, we hope our beloved Broncos can bring home another Super Bowl championship, and once again bathe in the glory of your light. Amen."
Spontaneous Combustion,All,Amen.
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,[raises left arm and fist] Let's go-
Spontaneous Combustion,All,Let’s go
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,Broncos
Spontaneous Combustion,All,Broncos
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,Let’s go Broncos
Spontaneous Combustion,All,"Broncos, let's go! [The priest extends the fist and all rise and exit. Three men carry the coffin out]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Wow, that was short. [Priest Maxi stops them as they leave the pew]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Boys, I haven't seen you in church lately."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Well, I'm Jewish."
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"You're not too Jewish to worship Jesus, are you?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,I guess not.
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Good. Boys, how would you like to perform the Stations of the Cross this Friday night?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,The what?
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"It's like a skit, where you reenact the death and glorious resurrection of Jesus Christ."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Hey, resurrection! That's what my dad needs!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,Huh?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,We'll do it! We'll do it!
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Wonderful. Here's a book on how to perform it. Don't let me down, boys. [hands it to Kyle and walks away. The cover shows two excited kids under a radiant cross]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Dude, this is great! You know all the Stations of the Cross, right, Stan?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"I don't know, dude. I'm gonna have to go look in the Bible."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"Outside, some of the churchgoers are still around."
Spontaneous Combustion,Tom,"Good night, Jerry."
Spontaneous Combustion,Jerry,"See ya, Tom. Bye, Helen."
Spontaneous Combustion,Helen,"Bye, Jer- aaa! [poof. Now she combusted]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Jerry,"Oh my God, another one."
Spontaneous Combustion,Tom,"Helen, no!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Jerry,What happened?
Spontaneous Combustion,Man 5,"[consoling Tom] God must be very angry with us. But why? [looks to the heavens] How have we angered you, Lord?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Stan's house. Randy's in the basement doing preliminary work. He's working on some chemical reactions when the boys come down.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[to himself] Well, let's see. If they combust... no. Could be from the... no."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dad, where's our Bible?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Not now, Stan. I have to find out what causes spontaneous combustion. Or else."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Or else what?
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Exactly.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,...What?
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Right.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,[after a long pause] Where's our Bible?
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"It's in the attic with the old LP's. [the boys start up the stairs...] Boys, did you notice anything uuuh strange about Kenny in the weeks leading up to his combustion? Ooh, what did he spend his time doing?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,He didn't do anything. He was always with his new girlfriend.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,New girlfriend?
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Yeah, he started seeing this girl and he spent a lot of time taking the bus to go visit her. What does that have to do with his death?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Maybe nothing... [close up] maybe everything.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"...Well, we're gonna go work on getting Kyle's dad a nurection. [the boys go up the stairs and exit]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[resumes the reactions] Yes, yes, of course. I've got work to do. [the door closes] What?!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Stan's room. Stan reads from the Stations of the Cross booklet while Kyle reads from the Bible.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Let's see: Jesus got crucified, then he died, then three days later he had his urection. Let's see, there's fourteen Stations of the Cross. Now, it says we can makes costumes out of sheets."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,This is gonna be fun.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,I'm gonna be Jesus!
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,You're too fat to be Jesus!
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Oh, and like you're gonna do it, Jew?!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Stan should be Jesus.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Either I'm Jesus, or else, screw you guys, I'm going home! [gestures his intent.]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,You're such a fat baby!
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Well, I guess you guys can do the Stations of the Cross by yourselves. [gestures again, and again]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"All right, all right, you could be Jesus, you tubby cry-baby!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[retorts] Stick and stones may break my bones, but I'm Jesus and you aren't."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Back in the basement…
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"All right, all right, let's try it again. Kenny was standing here. Stan, Kyle and Cartman were walking around him. [four men dressed as the boys stand before him] Now, walk. [the men move around] Do you feel hot?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kenny,"Uh, no."
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Damn it! How come you're not combusting? [throws down his clipboard]
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Come on, Randy. You said we were gonna drink beer and watch the fight."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman,[rushing in with several other people] Another one! Another one combusted! [pours out the ashes for Randy to see]
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,No! Has she been doing anything odd?
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman,"No, she was just on her way to her new boyfriend's house."
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Boyfriend. And they said Kenny had a new girlfriend.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"This is stupid. Screw you guys, I'm going home. [walks off]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,No! I think I might have it.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"The First Church of South Park, night of Good Friday."
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Well, well, well. A lot of you came to church. Looks like we're a little ""nervous"" about this spontaneous combustion thing, huh?"
Spontaneous Combustion,A few people,Yeah.
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Well, on this blessed Friday let us give thanks for stuff, and things. [all bow their heads] Lord, is it so much to ask that you not let us suddenly burst into flame for no apparent reason? I mean, come on! Amen. [Stan and Kyle approach the pulpit, followed by Cartman] And now, some of our darling local children are going to perform the Stations of the Cross. [leaves, and Stan takes over]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Crowd,Awww.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Station One: Jesus is condemned to death by Pilate.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Die! [hits Cartman, dressed as Jesus, with a stick]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Ow! You can do what you will, but I am the Lamb of God."
Spontaneous Combustion,Crowd,Awww.
Spontaneous Combustion,Someone,Phew.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Station Two: Jesus takes his cross.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[now carrying the cross] This cross is seriously heavy. Oh man, this is totally weak."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"And then Jesus' disciple, Peter, denies he knows him. [this is not part of the Stations]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Peter!
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"I don't know you, dude."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Oh, Peter. Weak, Peter. Lame. But I'm Jesus, so I'll forgive you, I guess."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"Night, the Mayor's office. She's wearing a mud mask in bed and reading Gazongas. The phone rings."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,Mayor.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[calling from his lab] Mayor, I have it. I found out why people spontaneously combust."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,Why?
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Uh, it's too complicated to explain over the phone. [his clipboard indicates]. Girlfriend --> DEAD Boyfriend --> DEAD Call a town meeting tomorrow"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"Okay. If you're right about this, Marsh, you're going to be the most popular man in South Park."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The Most Popular Man In South Park. Hands move him over the crowd.
Spontaneous Combustion,Crowd,Randy! Randy! Randy! Randy!
Spontaneous Combustion,Man,"We love you, Randy."
Spontaneous Combustion,Woman,"[rushing up] Make love to me, Randy. Please!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Returns.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Wow. [hangs up the phone]
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,[hangs up the phone] Shmuck!
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"At the church, Stan continues the Stations. Cartman is stripped to his underwear."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Station Eleven: Jesus is nailed to the cross. [Kyle has tied Cartman to it]
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Oh! This has gone from weak to superweak! Things cannot get any more weak for me.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"[produces a crown of thorns] Then a crown of thorns was placed on Jesus's head, and Jesus was all like, ""Thanks."""
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Well, this sucks that I have to die, but if I die, everyone's sins will be forgiven. [Stan replaces Cartman's cap with the crown] So I guess it's cool. [Stan returns to the pulpit]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"And then Jesus was lead away [Kyle leads Cartman out] to Mount Sinai, where he dies, and has a resurrection three days later."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[on his way out the door] Hi, mom. [Stan leaves the pulpit and the priest returns]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Priest Maxi,"Thank you, boys. Blessed be the name of Jesus!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Crowd,"It's a great name, isn't it? [Stan exits]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle now carry Cartman on the cross and are headed towards a hill. Kyle has the heavier end.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Hey, that went really well. They really liked it."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Yeah. I told you I'd be a sweet Jesus, you guys."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Aw man, at least the real Jesus didn't weigh 400 pounds!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Up your ass with broken glass!
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"This spot looks good. [they drop the foot of the cross into the spot and lift the rest of the cross upright, then leave]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Yeah. That looks pretty good.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Okay, cool. See you, Cartman."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Hey, wait! Where the hell are you going?! [they stop and turn]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Huh I don't know. I'm going home, I guess."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Yeah, me too."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Well, get me down from here!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Cartman, how stupid are you?! Didn't you read the Bible? We have to leave you up there until you die, and then you come back to life in three days."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,What?!
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Yeah, dummy, you have to get a nurection."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Then I can give it to my dad. [both turn and leave]
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Hey, uh I don't wanna be Jesus anymore! Don't leave me here, you guys! ...All right, that does it! Screw you guys, I'm going home! [looks around] Okay, I'm getting pissed now! [struggles to get loose, but doesn't get anywhere] God!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"City Hall, the next day. Stan and Kyle are present for the Mayor's announcement, along with much of the town."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"All right, people. Scientist Marsh and I have been working very hard on the problem of spontaneous combustion, and we have finally come up with a solution. Mr. Marsh?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[approaches with a large book] The little boy combusted because he had a new girlfriend. It wasn't the girl that caused him to combust, it was the fact that Kenny did not want to pass gas in front of her. [displays a diagram of the digestive system] You see, as food is digested the natural processes give off a byproduct known as methane gas. [the next page is a diagram of the stomach, showing how food produces methane]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"The methane gathers here in the bowel area [shows the intestines, or the bowels], where it causes pressure. Normally a person would expel this byproduct in the form of a pleasant fart. [shows the colon, where the gas collects and moves out] Should the gas not be expelled, [shows the gas trapped in the bowels] the methane can build up and then ignite, [shows the bowels exploding] leading to... disaster. [shows picture of Jocelyn Wildenstein, then closes the book] Kenny combusted because he held his farts in for too long."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman,"You mean, all we have to do is fart and we won't explode?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Exactly. [after a while, a fart is heard, then more farts follow as the townsfolk release their gases]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"So, from this day forward, everyone in South Park will be required to fart on a regular basis to insure that nobody else spontaneously explodes."
Spontaneous Combustion,Crowd,Randy! Randy! Randy! Randy! [Randy waves back gratefully]
Spontaneous Combustion,Man,"We love you, Randy."
Spontaneous Combustion,Old Woman,"[in a wheelchair] Make love to me, Randy. Please!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Whoa, dude, my dad's famous."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Come on. Let's go see how Cartman is doing with his uh, urection."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The boys go to the hill on which they left Cartman on the cross.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Wow, he died."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Now we just gotta wait for his urection, and I can give it to my dad."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[wakes up] Hey, there you guys are!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Cartman??
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,You guys are in big trouble! Now get me down from here!
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"How come you're not dead yet, Cartman?!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"You guys, I mean, seriously! Get me down!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Look, fatass: after you die and get resurrurected, you'll have all kinds of superpowers, just like Jesus."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,...Really?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Yeah. So hurry up and die, you piece of crap! [he and Stan leave]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[watches them leave] ...When I get all my superpowers, I'm gonna use them to smote you two assholes right off the planet! [to himself] Dude, superpowers are sweet."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"The boys are back in town, and they run across Mr. Mackey."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Mackey,"Hi, boys."
Spontaneous Combustion,"Stan, Kyle","[imitating him] Hi, Mr. Mackey."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Mackey,Have you guys been sure to pass gas regularly so you don't spontaneously combust?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"We know how to fart, Mr. Mackey!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Mackey,"Well, let me show you, just to be sure, m'kay? [moves his bowels as he hums,] Hmm, come on. Be good, now. [slaps his butt and lets loose]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Jesus Christ! [the boys cover their noses with their jackets]
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Sick, dude!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Mackey,I had a steak wrapped with bacon last night. [laughs]
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Dude, I think you pooed a lot."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Mackey,"So, you boys understand you have to do that regularly, oh-mkay? [laughs]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Okay, okay, just go away! [Mr. Mackey leaves laughing, and the boys walk on]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"God, that was not cool at all, dude!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Liane,"Oh, hello boys. Have you seen Eric around anywhere?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Uh. We've been taking care of him.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Yeah. We're having him resurrurected.
Spontaneous Combustion,Liane,"Oh, all right. I was just at the store buying some apples."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Apples?
Spontaneous Combustion,Liane,"Yes. Apples. [farts] Ahapples, get it? [the boys cover their noses again]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Dude!
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Sick!
Spontaneous Combustion,Liane,"Stinky apples. See you, boys. [leaves]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,I don't think I like this new law.
Spontaneous Combustion,Liane,"[returns] Squeaker! [farts, then leaves]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The boys return to City Hall to see the rest of the ceremony. The people in the crowd all have their noses covered. A covered statue stands next to Randy.
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"And so I declare today Randy Marsh Day, where we shall remember forever how he freed us all from the threat of spontaneous combustion. Gentlemen? [her aides unveil a nicely muscled concrete statue of Randy]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Bearded Man,"You're the best, Randy!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"I am? I am, huh? I never knew the depth of my scientific genius until now."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,It's too bad Cartman can't be here to enjoy this.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Yeah.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Back on the cross...
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[vultures hover above him] You guys, seriously! somebody get me down from here!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Officer Barbrady,[strolling] Nur nunur nunur nunur nunur nunur-
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Officer Barbrady! [Barbrady looks up to see Cartman on the cross and says nothing for a while]
Spontaneous Combustion,Officer Barbrady,[taps his chin] T. T is for turtle. [turns and walks away] Nur nunur nunur nunur nunur nunur…
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Ey! Help me, you son of a bitch! [to himself] Huh, I'm gonna die up here."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The Nobel Prize Awards. Looks like the Oscars...
Spontaneous Combustion,Announcer,"We now return to the 42nd Annual Nobel Prize Awards. Here again your host, Whoopi Goldberg. [the audience applauds]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Whoopi,"[In elaborate dress and geisha hairdo] Republicans are so stupid. [the crowd laughs] I hate Republicans. [the audience laughs] Republicans are so stupid. [the audience laughs] And now, here to present the Nobel Prize for Science is Nick Nolte [fanfare. The audience applauds and Nick steps up]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Nick Nolte,"Science is good. Science is very important. This year's nominees are: [the candidates are shown as their names are mentioned] Herald R. Pinkerton, for his further development of the grand unified theory of physics. Randy Marsh, for his formulated break-wind theory of spontaneous combustion. And Alphonse Mephesto for his seven-assed Galapagos turtle. And the Nobel Prize goes to: [opens the envelope] Randy Marsh, for the theory of spontaneous fart things. [the audience applauds wildly]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mephesto,"[in the audience] No! No, this can't be!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[at the podium, very excited] Whoa hoho, whoa! [grabs his head] Oh wow, oh, ah, I'm the best! Yeah! Yeah! Ah, it's just so amazing to be told that you're the best. I, I thought I was just a normal person like all of you, but... Yeah! Well, thank you for showing me otherwise! Yeah! I kick ass, yeah!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mephesto,"Fixed! Fixed! That was supposed to be my award, Kevin. I'll get him for this. Mark my words."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"Back in South Park, Stan and Kyle are on Kyle's couch watching the show."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Wow, my dad's the best! All other dads suck compared to my dad!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Hey! My dad's pretty cool, too."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"In the master bedroom Gerald and Sheila look at Gerald's penis, to see if it'll rise."
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,"I'm sorry, honey."
Spontaneous Combustion,Sheila,"It's okay, [picks up the phone] I'll just call some 20-year old and have him come over."
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,What?!
Spontaneous Combustion,Sheila,[hands up] I'm just kidding.
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,"Kidding? Well, that's not funny! That hurt my feelings!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Sheila,Why?
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,Why?! [the door opens]
Spontaneous Combustion,Sheila,"Kyle. [Gerald see him, too]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Don't worry, guys. I'm getting a nurection as we speak."
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,Huh?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Well, actually, Cartman's getting a nurection. But then, we're gonna give it you. Sooo, buck up! [his parents just look at him. He grins and walks away]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Sheila,"We have a very strange little boy, Gerald."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"Next day, Cartman on the cross. Stan and Kyle arrive to check up on Cartman."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dude, he's still not dead."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"You guys, my mom is totally worried about me. You'd better let me down."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,She's not worried about you.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Yes she is! I've been hearing her all day! Listen! Listen. [prepares for a bit of ventriloquism] Eric? Eric, where are you? I miss you very much."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,That's not your mom calling!
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[still in falsetto] Yes it is, you guys. I'm serious now. This is Eric's mom and I want him home right now."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,How stupid do you think we are?! Now you die on that cross and get resurrurected before I kick your ass!
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"You guys, it's too hot out here! I can't do this!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,He is right. It has been getting really hot lately.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Yeah, I noticed that too. Let's go get some ice-cold lemonade."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Hey, yeah! [they turn and walk away]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Oh! God-damnit! Urh! You guys! You guys wanna hear my ""I hate Stan and Kyle"" song?! Ahem."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,I hate Stan and Kyle I seriously hate Stan and Kyle...
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,City Hall. The Mayor and her aides are in shorts and T's.
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"My God, it's burning up in here! Can't we crank the AC up some more?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Aide 2,It's already on full.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[entering, wearing his Nobel medal] You wanted to see me, Mayor?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"Yes, Marsh. We have a new problem, and I think only you can solve it."
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,I suspect you're talking about the dramatic heat wave.
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,Yes. The temperature is steadily rising every day. I want you to find out why.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Mayor, I think I'm a little overqualified for this. My scientific mind is best used on global problems."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"All right, all right. Name your price."
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Ten thousand. I have to protect my talent.
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,Done. Just find out what's happening.
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Don't worry, Mayor. I'll find the cause. Or else. Or else what? Exactly. [they just look at him]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Another night on the cross. The Last Temptation of Cartman.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[whispering, hoping...] Hey you guys. Seriously. [Chef walks into view]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Chef,"[startled] What the-? [sees Cartman on the cross with his head down] Oh, what now?!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Chef! Chef!
Spontaneous Combustion,Chef,"[rushes up to him] Children, what the hell are you doin'?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Just get me down from here! [Chef does] Oh, finally! My arms are killing me!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Chef,You children shouldn't be crucifying yourselves in this heat.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Chef drives him into town.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Sweet. Now, I'm gonna go kill those guys!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Chef,"Eric, I have to tell you something, and it's really gonna bum you out."
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,What?
Spontaneous Combustion,Chef,It's really gonna piss you off.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,What?!
Spontaneous Combustion,Chef,This is just a dream. You're still up on that cross.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[waking up] Oh, damnit!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"Stan's house, basement. A Cheesy Poofs commercial ends as Stan comes down the steps."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dad, where's the phone book?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Not now, Stanley. Without my scientific genius, the town is doomed. [Stan goes back up the stairs and exits. Randy mumbles] Let's see now, when exactly did the temperature start to go up?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Jesus and Pals comes on.
Spontaneous Combustion,Jesus,"Our topic tonight is the rising temperatures in South Park. Let's go to the phones. [beep] Caller, you're on the air."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Yeah, um, Jesus, after you got crucified, how long did it take you to die and resurrect?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Stan?
Spontaneous Combustion,Jesus,That's not the topic tonight. The topic is global warming.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Oh.
Spontaneous Combustion,Jesus,Do you have an opinion on global warming?
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Uh, it... sucks ass."
Spontaneous Combustion,Jesus,"Okay! Thank you caller. Well, let's go to our first guest, Dr. Alphonse Mephesto. [Mephesto appears and sits] Thank you for coming. You claim to know the cause of global warming in South Park."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mephesto,"I most certainly do! The cause of global warming is [brings out a picture of a man, with horns, mustache, and angry eyebrows drawn on] Randy Marsh! [Randy is stunned] It was Marsh's theory on spontaneous combustion that told everyone to fart all they want. Now all the methane from all those farts has ripped a hole in our ozone layer. We are all doomed to die!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Awww crap.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"City Hall, the next day. The town is gathered clamoring for Randy to come out."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman,Go get him!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 1,We want answers!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 2,You've killed us all!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 3,Someone's got to pay!
Spontaneous Combustion,Woman,It's out of control.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,inside the Mayor's office.
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"Boy, they're really pissed."
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Well, they're right. We should have known that all that methane could adversely affect the atmosphere."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, let's go talk to them. Stick by me. [turns and walks to the door. Randy follows. She shows him out and quickly closes the door]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,[turns to the door] Hey!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 4,You killed us all!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 5,Shove that Nobel prize up your ass! [Stan and Kyle approach]
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Oh my God, what's going on?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 6,"Now we either hold in our farts and spontaneously combust, o-o-or we let our farts out and kill our entire planet. Well I, for one, am not farting anymore! [he combusts and others gasp]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Uuuh, I- I'll try to find a solution."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 7,"We don't want your solutions, phony!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 8,"Give me that! [rips the Nobel medallion from Randy's neck, leaving the strap] Yeah!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 9,Damn you Marsh! Get out of town!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 10,"You fraud! [two of the townsmen throw the statue onto Randy, who drags it away on his back. The crowd begins to stone him]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[struggling] Mr. Garrison, help me!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Mr. Garrison,"[keeping Randy at arm's length] I, I do not know you, sir."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 11,Up your-
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 12,Arrn!
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"[throws a stone] Yeah, take that!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dude, that's my dad!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"...Oh, yeah. Sorry."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,News 4 Special Report.
Spontaneous Combustion,Anchor,"The spontaneous combustion problem escalates as more and more people go back to holding in all their farts. [a man combusts in front of his wife and child as he deposits a letter in a mailbox. A milk delivery man combusts after setting down a four-pack of milk. A boy combusts as he rides a bicycle] Meanwhile, the ozone layer continues to deplete as others refuse to hold in their farts for fear of combustion. As we all know, the cause for all of this is Randy Marsh, the son of a bitch who calls himself a scientist. We caught up with Mr. Marsh earlier today and he had this to say:"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,I-I don't know what to say.
Spontaneous Combustion,Anchor,"What an asshole! I hate that guy, and so do you. And now, on to the weather. It's fucking hot, thanks to Randy Marsh, son of a bitch!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Everyone has gone to the Marsh house. Stan and Kyle look out from the living room window as the crowd clamors outside with torches. A man knocks down the trashcan next to the garage.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Dude, those people are pissed!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"I know, huh?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Where's your dad?
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,He's hiding down in the basement. I I don't know what to do.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Well, you have to help him, just like I have to help my dad."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Cartman is still on the cross.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"Gerald's law firm. The sign reads ""Brovlofski & Jackson,"" so he's got a partner. Gerald sits at his desk looking over papers."
Spontaneous Combustion,Radio Talk Show Host,"Still more up next from the heat wave caused by Randy Marsh. A giant glacier is melting above South Park and the entire town is doomed. And now, these messages."
Spontaneous Combustion,Bob Dole,"Having a hard time with male potency? [Gerald sits up and listens] Well, I don't, and I'm Bob Dole. What's wrong with you? Christ, I'm Bob Dole and I can get it up. [upset, he turns off the radio. The door opens and three prostitutes enter]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Blonde,Are you a lawyer?
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,Yes.
Spontaneous Combustion,Blonde,We want to sue Randy Marsh.
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,Why?
Spontaneous Combustion,Blonde,He gave us skin cancer.
Spontaneous Combustion,Brunette,"Yeah. He put the hole in the ozone, and now we have skin cancer all over our hot bodies. Look. [she takes off her clothes and stands before Gerald dressed in thong panties. The other does the same, and he is in shock]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The Marsh house. Stan and Kyle go to the basement. Randy cowers in a corner wrapped in a blanket.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"What are you doing, dad?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Stanley, I think its best you live with Kyle from now on. His dad is better than me."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"No, he's not! He can't even get a nurection!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Hm. Really?
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dad, you've got to work! People are dying, dad. You've got to come up with a solution!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Not me. I'm not a scientist, I'm a hack. Even if I found a solution, those people would still all hate me."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Well, that doesn't matter! I learned something from the Stations of the Cross."
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,What?
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"See, at first, Jesus was all like, ""Why me?"" And he was all pissed off and stuff. But then he saw that what mattered most was everybody else. So he stopped thinking about his own misery, and did what had to be done. Right as Jesus was dying, [performs a Vulcan greeting] he raised his hand and said, ""The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few."""
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"You're right, Stanley. You're absolutely right. [gets up and the boys go to the stairs] Hey, that Bible sounds like kind of a good book."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,It ain't bad. You should try reading it sometime. [Randy returns to his work]
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Dude, that was Star Trek again."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Huh?
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"""The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few?"" That was Wrath of Khan."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Uh, well, Bible, Wrath of Khan, what's the difference?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"All right. Now, let's get to work."
Spontaneous Combustion,"You And Me, Girl","[Intro. Randy mixes some chemicals, then writes some formulas on the chalkboard] [Randy explains the hold in the ozone layer] I've been telling everybody that you're my girl [Randy set off a reaction that boils over] Cause I'm not one to be shy [Randy looks into a microscope] You don't have to go with me if you don't want to, just [the boys approve] Tell everybody I'm your guy [Monster chases Randy and the boys all over the house] You and me, girl, it's forever Sha la la la la laaa I've been telling everybody that you're my girl, Cause I'm not one to be shy [Randy and the boys as a band] I've been telling everybody that you're my girl, Cause I'm not one to be shy [Randy and the boys in hearts on moiré] You don't have to go with me if you don't want to, just Tell everybody I'm your guy [Randy and the boys floating up through clouds] You and me, girl, it's forever Sha la la la la laaa [Randy and the boys play, and a monster appears] You and me, girl, forever and ever You and me, girl, forever and ever You and me, girl, forever and ever... [fade. Randy's humming]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Dad. Dad! [Randy slowly comes out of his daydream]
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,Wow!
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dad, what are you doin?! You have to get started!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[looks at Stan] ...Right, right right."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The Broflovski house. Kyle watches TV and Ike plays on the floor. The front door opens.
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,"Kyle, where's your mother?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,She's upstairs.
Spontaneous Combustion,Gerald,"Well, I have something to give to her! [runs by with a big erection in his pants] Don't worry, Kyle. Everything's gonna be okay between me and your mom."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Really? Great! I don't have to worry about that anymore. [Ike hops onto the armchair next to Kyle]
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,Another night on the cross.
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Hello-o.
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The Marsh house. The crowd is still clamoring outside.
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 13,Look! There he is!
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 14,Get him!
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"Uh. Please, everyone- [the crowd closes in and stones him]"
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 15,"You're a dead man, Marsh!"
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"[shielding himself from the stones] Please, just listen to me. I think I found the answer."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 16,[to Townsman 15] Could I borrow one of your rocks?
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"It's all about moderation. If you never fart, you combust, but if you always fart, you deplete the ozone. So we must fart only at appropriate times or when it's really, really funny."
Spontaneous Combustion,Townsman 17,Huh? [the people hold their fire]
Spontaneous Combustion,Randy,"I know you all hate me, but please, for your own sake, fart in moderation. You can keep stoning me now, if you want. [most of the people drop their rocks, and Stan smiles through the window. A man throws one last rock] Ow."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"City Hall, three weeks later."
Spontaneous Combustion,Mayor McDaniels,And so we salute Randy Marsh and his unified theory of moderation that has saved us all. [the Nobel medallion has been repaired and is back around Randy's neck.]
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,[to Kyle] See? My dad is the coolest after all.
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Well, my dad is, too."
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,Cartman!
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,I forgot all about him. [they leave]
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,The boys are not at the foot of the cross.
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"He's been up there for like, three weeks."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,Wow!
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,That's amazing!
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"[in a slight falsetto] Hey you guys, I am really pissed off now."
Spontaneous Combustion,Kyle,"Dude! You're still alive, Cartman?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,Get me down from here!
Spontaneous Combustion,Stan,"Dude, you survived all this time on the fat stored up in your body?"
Spontaneous Combustion,Cartman,"Yes. And when I get down from here, I'm gonna kick you both right in the nuts."
Spontaneous Combustion,Scene Description,"""You and Me, Girl"" plays."
The Succubus,Scene Description,"The optometrist's office. A penguin sits above the OPTOMETRIST sign. Liane and Cartman are waiting in the lobby. Liane reads a magazine. A poster off to one side reads ""Real eyes the beauty within."""
The Succubus,Cartman,"Mom, please can we just leave?"
The Succubus,Liane,"You have to see the eye doctor, Eric."
The Succubus,Cartman,But I hate the eye doctor. He always makes fun of me for being fat.
The Succubus,Liane,"You're not fat, you're big-boned."
The Succubus,Cartman,"That's what I told him, but he doesn't listen to reason."
The Succubus,Doctor's assistant,"[at the door, flatly] Eric Cartman. [a poster behind her looks like her]"
The Succubus,Cartman,[enters the examination room] Weak. [the assistant follows him in to close the door.]
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Inside, Cartman stops"
The Succubus,Optometrist,"Hello, Eric."
The Succubus,Cartman,"[resigned] Hi, Doctor Lout."
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,How's my little piggy today?
The Succubus,Cartman,[points his finger at him] Ey! Don't call me a little piggy!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,I just say that because you're my little buddy.
The Succubus,Cartman,"I'm just here for an eye exam, all right?! Keep the fat jokes to yourself!"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,Hop up on the chair. [Cartman hope up] Don't break it now!
The Succubus,Cartman,[turns around and sits] God damn it!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,Just kidding. Let's see how your eyes are doing. [lowering a refractor to Cartman's eyes] All you have to do is read the letters. Can you see the letters?
The Succubus,Cartman,Yes.
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"All right, read them out for me."
The Succubus,Cartman,I am a little piggy. Ey! [the optometrist laughs. Cartman stands up on the chair and pushes the refractor away.] That does it! Mom!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"No no. That, that was just a weird coincidence. [voice fades as he removes the card from the refractor] I do not know how that happened. [reads the card] ""I am a little piggy."" Wow! What are the odds of that? [throws it away] All right, let's get down to business, shall we? [places the refractor back on Cartman's face.]"
The Succubus,Cartman,Oh gee! That's a good idea! My mom isn't paying you to be a comedian!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"[begins to calibrate] Hmm, let's see, which is better: one, or two? One, or two?"
The Succubus,Cartman,They look exactly the same.
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,Just pick one. Or two.
The Succubus,Cartman,"I don't know, two!"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"[flips between two women] Okay. One, or two? One, or two?"
The Succubus,Cartman,"Uh, one."
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"[flips between an apple and a tall slice of chocolate cake] One, or two? One, or two?"
The Succubus,Cartman,[chooses the cake] Two.
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"No! The answer is one, piggy! One! [hits Cartman through the refractor]"
The Succubus,Cartman,Ow! I hate you!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"[removes the refractor] Yes, there is obviously a problem with your eyes. I am gonna have to dilate them and run some tests."
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Lunchtime at the school cafeteria. Stan, Kyle and Kenny stand in line to get their lunches"
The Succubus,Kyle,I wonder how come Cartman's not in school today?
The Succubus,Stan,"Yeah. Usually when he ditches school, he still shows up for lunch."
The Succubus,Kenny,{Maybe he took a dump and got sick.} [the others laugh]
The Succubus,Kyle,"Yeah. [sees Cartman] Oh, here he comes."
The Succubus,Cartman,[with very dilated pupils] Hey dudes.
The Succubus,Stan,"[squints hard for a better look] Whoa, what happened to your eyes, Cartman? [Kyle blinks hard]"
The Succubus,Cartman,My asshole eye doctor made them all dilevated.
The Succubus,Kyle,Why?
The Succubus,Cartman,"Why? I'll tell you why! Because he's a God-damned asshole, aaand, that's about it!"
The Succubus,Stan,Why do you have to see an eye doctor?
The Succubus,Cartman,"Because my eyes suck. But that doctor likes to torture me and I have to go back tomorrow, and I don't know what I'm gonna do."
The Succubus,Kyle,"Dude, just ask Chef for help. He always knows what to do."
The Succubus,Cartman,"Hey, yeah! [The four enter the kitchen, but Cartman runs into the entrance and falls on his way in.] Ow!"
The Succubus,Scene Description,The kitchen. The boys approach the lunch counter
The Succubus,The Boys,Hey Chef!
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,"[wearing a hair net and cook's cap] Hello there, children."
The Succubus,Cartman,"[rubs his eyes] Dude, my eyes are seriously screwed up. Chef looks like a skinny little white guy."
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,It's time for lunch-e-roo
The Succubus,Stan,Where's Chef?
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,Chef quit.
The Succubus,The Boys,What?!
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,"Chef is gone. So let my introduce myself. I'm your new cook, Mr. Derp. [ta-daaa!]"
The Succubus,Kyle,Mr. Derp?
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,"When I'm in the kitchen, you never know what nutty things are gonna happen. If you like Chef, you're gonna love Mr. Derp. [ta-daaa! Mr. Derp hits himself with a hammer and toddles] Ooo! Derp! [falls to the floor, then gets up] Derp! O-hoh wasn't that silly kids? [laughs, but the boys aren't impressed]"
The Succubus,Stan,Why did Chef quit?
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,"Aren't I a great character? My antics go right to the funny bone. [takes out a tiny cannon and shoots himself with it. His face is full of gunpowder] Oh, I don't feel so good. [laughs] Derp!"
The Succubus,Stan,[after a moment of silence] Could you just hand us some food please?
The Succubus,Mr. Derp,"Sure gang! I have yellow stuff or white stuff, huh. Derp!"
The Succubus,Cartman,Can I have the yellow with a side of white?
The Succubus,Scene Description,the boys reenter the cafeteria with their lunches
The Succubus,Kyle,Dude! I hate Mr. Derp!
The Succubus,Stan,"Yeah, we gotta talk to Chef after school and get him to come back."
The Succubus,Cartman,"I don't know, you guys. That hammer thing was pretty funny. [chuckles]"
The Succubus,Kyle,"[looks back] Shut up, Cartman!"
The Succubus,Scene Description,Chef's house. The boys reach the front door
The Succubus,Cartman,[runs into the door] Ow!
The Succubus,Chef,"[wrapped in a lavender towel, opens the door] Oh! Hello there, children!"
The Succubus,Stan,"Chef, what the hell are you doing? We almost starved to death at lunch today."
The Succubus,Chef,Oh! Didn't they tell you? I quit.
The Succubus,Kyle,"Yeah, but we didn't believe them."
The Succubus,Chef,"Well, it's true."
The Succubus,Stan,But why? Why would you quit?
The Succubus,Chef,"Children, three nights ago I was at the library checking out some books on Kama Sutra when I met the most amazing woman ever. She knew so much about so many things. She really got me thinking. We eventually came back to my place and really hit it off."
The Succubus,Stan,So you made sweet love to her down by the fire.
The Succubus,Chef,"No no, we just sat there all night long and... taaalked."
The Succubus,Stan,Talked?!
The Succubus,Chef,"Yeah. She told me all about the powers of goddess, and how men have been oppressing women for years and viewing them as sexual objects, and I realized that I had done that myself."
The Succubus,Woman,[walks up and looks out] Oh! What darling little children.
The Succubus,Chef,"Here she is now. Children, meet my new girlfriend, Veronica."
The Succubus,Stan,"[ignoring that statement] That's nice. Look Chef, Cartman's got this eye doctor, see, and he- Girlfriend?!"
The Succubus,Chef,"Children, Veronica is moving in with me."
The Succubus,Kyle,Moving in?!
The Succubus,Chef,I'm in love.
The Succubus,Boys,Love?!
The Succubus,Veronica,"Oh, you knight. [cuddles Chef]"
The Succubus,Stan,What the hell is going on?!
The Succubus,Chef,Veronica spent the whole day sharing her favorite poems with me.
The Succubus,Veronica,"[teasing] Sorry boys, looks like I'm stealing Chef away from you."
The Succubus,Kyle,"But Chef always helps us with our problems. When we have a problem, Chef sings to us and makes it better."
The Succubus,Chef,"Well, I can still do that, children. In fact, Veronica can help me. She's a great singer, too."
The Succubus,Veronica,What's the problem?
The Succubus,Cartman,"My eyes are going bad, but the only eye doctor in South Park is really, really mean."
The Succubus,Veronica,"Oh, I know just the song for you. [reaches behind the door and pulls out a guitar. She starts to play it] There's got to be a morning after if we can hold on to the night [the boys are shocked, and Kenny pulls his hood tight]"
The Succubus,Chef,[blandly] We have a chance to find the sunshine.
The Succubus,"Chef, Veronica",Let's keep on looking for the light.
The Succubus,Kyle,"This... is insane. [ ""Oh, can't you see the-"" ]"
The Succubus,Scene Description,On the sidewalk. The boys walk away from Chef's house
The Succubus,Kyle,That bitch!
The Succubus,Stan,She's stealing Chef from us.
The Succubus,Kyle,He didn't even seem like Chef. He seemed like a empty shell of a man.
The Succubus,Cartman,Maybe it's just a phase. We just have to get him alone so we can tell him what a bitch she is.
The Succubus,Stan,"Wait you guys. [pensive] Maybe, is it possible that we're just jealous because Chef is our friend, and now he's paying attention to somebody new? [the others think about it...]"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Yeah, so?"
The Succubus,Stan,"...Yeah, screw that bitch."
The Succubus,Cartman,"Bitch, I hate that bitch!"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Look, we've just gotta get Chef alone. He won't listen to reason with that hooker around."
The Succubus,Stan,Let's find out where he's working and go see him there tomorrow.
The Succubus,Kyle,Good idea.
The Succubus,Scene Description,The optometrist's office. Doctor Lout sits in the examination room holding a clipboard
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"All right, we got the test results back, piggy-"
The Succubus,Cartman,"[sits on the chair, his pupils normal again] Stop calling me piggy!"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,You've got a small astigmatism that's causing all the problems.
The Succubus,Cartman,"So, what does that mean?"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"It means, piggy, that your eyesight is never going to get better."
The Succubus,Cartman,"[seething] All right. Right now, I'm gonna be totally serious, dude. Okay? If you call me piggy one more time, I'm gonna leap out of this chair [throws a fit] and rip your god-damned nuts off with my bare hands!"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"Well, don't worry. I've got something that's going to make your eyes as good as new. [puts a pair of blocky glasses on Cartman]"
The Succubus,Cartman,"[after seeing how they look and fit] Oh, dude! Super weak! I'm not wearing these; the guys would totally rip on me."
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"I know, the hardest thing to do is get kids to wear their glasses."
The Succubus,Cartman,I'm just gonna take them off as soon as I leave!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,That's why we have the little stapler. [takes it out and starts stapling the glasses to Cartman's head]
The Succubus,Cartman,Ow! Son of a bitch!
The Succubus,Scene Description,"The streets of South Park. The boys, without Cartman, are in the business district looking..."
The Succubus,Kyle,They said that Chef works in one of these buildings [the boys run into Cartman in front of Steinburg & Burgstein Accounting.]
The Succubus,Cartman,"Hey dudes. [the others study him, then laugh. Cartman's hurt, but jabs] Ha ha ha ha! Look at Cartman and his stupid glasses! Ha ha ha ha!"
The Succubus,Kyle,Dude! Just take them off!
The Succubus,Cartman,"I can't! They're stapled to my head! [they study him again, then laugh harder.] I hate you guys."
The Succubus,Scene Description,Inside. The boys enter and see the receptionist
The Succubus,Receptionist,Hello and welcome to Steinburg & Burgstein. Can I help you?
The Succubus,Stan,We wanna talk to Chef.
