The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"No, it was Kenny!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[arms akimbo] Very funny, Eric! Kenny's dead!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"[coming to Cartman's defense] Yeah, but Cartman drank Kenny's remains, and now Kenny's soul is trapped in Cartman's body."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,The Other Kids,Yeah.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"That does it! I will not put up with foolishness in my class! It's time for punishment! [reaches into his desk and pulls out a paddle, then strikes it against his left palm twice. He walks over to Mr. Slave and has him bend over] Take it Mr. Slave! [swats him three times on the ass]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,[moves his head around] Oh-oh. Oh it hurts.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"I will [swat] NOT put up with [swat] TOM foolery in my [swat] CLASS room, children. [stands him up and straps a gag ball around Mr. Slave's face] Mr. Slave, put this rubber ball in your mouth. [bends Mr. Slave over his lap and swats him some more] Take that, Slavey! take it! [the kids look on, stunned. Mr. Garrison continues the swats] This'll get me fired for sure. [smiles]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, afternoon. The Tweaks, the Stotches, the Marshes, the Broflovskis, and Liane are present in the living room, seated around the coffee table."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Gerald,I really enjoyed the imagery in the last chapter of this month's book.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Linda,"Yes, and I really saw the entire book thematically as a take on corporate America."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"Well I think in the fourth chapter, when uh Nancy Drew discovers the bloody glove in the cheerleader's locker, well that uh that was just a brilliantly written passage. [Sharon sips some coffee, a door opens]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Gerald,So full of metaphor.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"Hey guys, can we talk to you? [with him are Stan, Cartman, Butters, and Tweek]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sheila,"Oh, hi boys."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sharon,How was school?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"Uhh, not cool."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sheila,"That's great. We're having our book of the month club meeting, so why don't you boys go outside and play?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Linda,"Was it me, or did you all think that Nancy Drew solved the riddle of Elephant Mountain a little too easily? [a burst of chatter follows]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"No, no, he said not cool. We got our new teacher today; it's, it's Mr. Garrison, our old third grade teacher."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stephen,Uh huh.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"Well, he has this new teacher's assistant, and uh and they're both... totally gay."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sheila,Kyle! You know better than to discriminate against homosexuals!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Yeah but, these guys are really super-gay."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"[displeased] Aw I'm surprised at you, Stanley. I really thought you knew how to accept people for who they were."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Yeah, but Dad-"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"No buts, Stanley! We're not raising our kids to be discriminators!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sheila,That's right! I think it's time you kids took a little trip to the Museum of Tolerance! [Gerald crosses his arms. The kids look at each other]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Museum of Tolerance, next day. A really modern building with a fountain by the entrance. The five boys and their parents arrive at the museum."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,[a woman greeting the families inside the museum] Welcome to the Museum of Tolerance. Here we try to educate you on the dynamics of racism and prejudice in America. [Cartman yawns loudly. Liane smacks him across the back of his head]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,Ey!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"[leads them through the museum] Now, did you know that words we use can show intolerance? [leads the group to a tunnel entrance] Let's begin our tour with a walk through our Tunnel of Prejudice, to show you what it can feel like to be discriminated against. [motions for the boys to enter, and the boys enter]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Voice,"[the words it says appear on the walls of the tunnel as it says them, then disappear] QUEER. BEANER. CHINK. N*GGER. HEEB. FAGGOT. CRACKER. SLOPE. [the boys are suitably shocked as they move along the tunnel's people mover, but Cartman is grinning from ear to ear]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"Aw man, this is awesome! [""JAP""]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,[at the other end of the tunnel with the parents] Now you know how it feels.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[excited, runs up to the guide] I wanna ride again! I wanna ride again!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"[leads them into the Hall of Stereotypes] We are now entering the Hall of Stereotypes. These wax figures represent how some intolerant people have labeled minorities. [leads them to the first exhibit] Here we see a black person eating chicken and watermelon, a stereotype that hurts the African-American community. What other stereotypes do you see here? [the stereotypes are exhibits, each one with its own spotlight]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"[walks up to another exhibit with Stan and Kyle] Ah, here's the Arab as a terrorist. [the Arab is holding a Kalashnikov rifle]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"That's right. But of course, we know that not all Arabs are terrorists, don't we, kids?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,[sees a third exhibit] W-w-well there's an Asian over there with a calculator. [walks over to it. The others follow]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"That's right. Not all stereotypes are negative. But even a positive one like ""All Asians are good at math"" is harmful to society."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[over at a fourth exhibit, a man cowering over a bag of money] Look, a covetous Jew!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"[arrives with the others] Very good, young man. The idea that Jews are only interested in money is very old indeed."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"[notices a fifth spotlight and walks to it] Ah, here's a good one. [Stan walks up next to him] It's the stereotypical ""sleepy Mexican."" [a man sleeps under the spotlight sitting up next to a mop and bucket]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Janitor,"[wakes up] Wai-what? Oh man, what time is it? [stands up and rubs the back of his neck]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,[in a low voice] Oh I'm sorry. I thought you were a wax sculpture.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Janitor,"Naw, man. I'm the janitor. I'm s'pose to be cleaning but I'm so tired. Ongh, so sleepy. [walks off with the mop and bucket]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"[leads them into the Tolerance Discovery Lab] This is our discovery wing. Take your time at the computer displays [they measure tolerance I.Q.], because you see, being tolerant you must also learn to respect people who are small, people who are disabled, even people who are overweight, [moves her arms towards Cartman] like this young man here."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,Ey!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"You other boys have probably called this young man names like ""tubby,"" or ""lardbutt,"" or ""fat tits,""..."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"""Fat tits."" That's a good one."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Yeah, I have to remember that."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"But you must learn to be tolerant of his differences as well. If he chooses to eat fatty foods, that's his life choice."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[strokes his chin and tries something out] I'm not fat, I have a different life choice."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,And we won't belittle you for eating lots of cookies and cakes and pies.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"Duhuhude, tolerance kicks ass! [the adults chuckle]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,That's our Cartman. [Cartman grins]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Museum of Tolerance, outside."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"Well, that's the end of our tour."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"Now do you see why tolerance is so important, boys?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,I guess.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,We have to accept people for who they are and what they like to do. [notices someone nearby] Hey! What the hell are you doing? [it's a man smoking on the edge of the fountain]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Smoker,Oh I was just uh-
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,There's no smoking in the museum!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Smoker,But I'm not in the museum.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"Get out of here, you filthy smoker! [the smoker rises and walks off]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Gerald,"Yeah, dirty lungs!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sharon,"Go ahead and kill yourself, stupid tar-breath!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stephen,Dumbass!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Richard,Get out of here! [the smoker walks out of view]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"Well, have a great day, everybody."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stephen,Now you boys can go and give your teacher and assistant the respect they deserve. Right?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,The boys,Yeah.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Garrison's class. Mr. Garrison enters, having previously set up a chemistry experiment on the teacher's desk."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's take our seats. Uh, apparently, none of you tried to get me fired yesterday, so I guess we're just gonna have to go on and learn more today. [sits on a corner of the desk] Now who can tells me what happens to water when we heat it up in the Bunsen burner?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,It evaporates.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Good, Butters. Now if we take the glass tube of the Bunsen burner, we can also see how other things react. [takes the tube in hand and walks over to Mr. Slave] Evaporation is an exothermic reaction, so let's look at an endothermic one. Mr. Slave, position 7 please. [Mr. Slave looks up from his magazine, then assumes the position over his little desk and lowers his pants enough to show his ass] Now I'm gonna put the glass tube under Mr. Slave's tight ass. [steps backwards and inserts the tube. Mr. Slave starts to moan] The heat from Mr. Slave's ass will act as our new conductor of energy."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,AAH.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, now Butters, could you bring over Lemmiwinks for me please?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,Sure. [smiles and goes to get Lemmiwinks]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"[sensing what's about to happen] Oh, no, no, no no no no."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,[gets Lemmiwinks from Butters] Newton was the first to discover that for every action there's a reaction - thank you Butters. Now what do you think is gonna happen when I introduce the element of the gerbil to the endothermic heat of Mr. Slave's ass? [the kids are all aghast] Well let's see. [lifts up the Bunsen tube and sends the gerbil on its way down]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"AAH. [the gerbil enters Mr. Slave's lower intestine and comes across the skeleton of another gerbil. It turns back immediately and runs for the anal opening. Mr. Garrison pulls the tube out and the sphincter snaps shut, trapping the gerbil inside. It tries to claw its way out] AAH. [moves his head around] Dude! Jesus Christ! AAH!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,[realizing what just happened] Lemmiwinks? NO!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, lunch time. The kids go for their lunches."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,"Hello there, children!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,The boys,Hey Chef.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,How's it goin'?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,Bad.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,Why bad?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Chef, we're intolerant. [beat]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,...Intolerant of who?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"Gays, I guess."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,"Now why do you wanna go be intolerant of gay people, children? [arms akimbo] I thought you knew better."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Well we didn't think we were, but Mr. Garrison has this new assistant, and we're really uncomfortable around them."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,"Children, a lot of times the reason people get uncomfortable around gay people is that they have some issues themselves. You have to ask yourself, ""What is it about their behavior that, for some reason, makes me uncomfortable?"""
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"Well, I guess it's mostly the way Mr. Garrison stuck a gerbil up Mr. Slave's ass."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,"Right. And you see, children, that's why you need to- Whoa! What?!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,Are we homophobes now?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"We don't wanna be gay bashers, Chef."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,"Children, there's a BIG difference between gay people and Mr. Garrison! Do you understand that??"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,N-no?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,You children just take your lunches. I'm gonna have a talk with the principal.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"I'll take three lunches today, please."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,"You don't need three lunches, Eric! You're fat enough as it is!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"It is my life choice, Chef, and if you don't tolerate it I'll report you to the SEC. [Chef is puzzled]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,Fourth Grade classroom. The chemistry equipment has been cleared away from the teacher's desk. Mr. Garrison and Mr. Slave are in the classroom.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"That was a brilliant idea, having me put a gerbil up your ass, Mr. Slave. [laughs] Now we'll get fired for sure!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,[nonchalantly] Well it wasn't the first small animal I put up my ass.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"[over the P.A. system] Mr. Garrison to the principal's office, please?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,That's it! They're gonna fire me for being gay! Twenty-five million here we cooome. [shimmies out the door]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Don't forget, I get half. Oooooh! [feels the gerbil try again to claw its way out of his ass] Oooooh, Jesus Christ. [scratches his ass. The gerbil runs one way, then back to the sphincter. A specter appears and stops the gerbil in its tracks. It's a Frog King. The two stand motionless for a few seconds]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Frog King,"Lemmiwinks, you must find a way out of this place, or you will surely die. [the gerbil just stands there] This way has been closed off by the Great Sphincter. To escape you must journey upward to the dark reaches of the intestine and past the stomach. [the gerbil says nothing] Who am I? Just a friend. Heed my words, Lemmiwinks. Your time is running out. Make for the large intestine. All will be made clear then. [disappears. The gerbil turns around, scratches its chin, and begins its journey]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singer,"A great adventure is waiting for you ahead. Hurry onward, Lemmiwinks, or you will soon be dead. The journey before you may be long and filled with woe But you must escape the gay man's ass so your tale can be told. Lemmiwinks. Lehehemiwinks Lemmiwinks Lemmiwinks-"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"The principal's office, a few moments later. Mr. Garrison hums as he nears the office door. He enters and stands beside an angry Chef, who has crossed his arms."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"Oh yes, uh, Mr. Garrison, have a seat."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[nudges Chef] Oh dear, sounds like I'm gettin' fired. [hums some more and takes a seat]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"Mr. Garrison, Chef has brought it to my attention that some uh students are a bit... uuuncomfortable about certain aspects of your teaching methods."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[in anticipation, gets melodramatic] Oh no, you're firing me? Oh well, I can't stop being who I am. I can't help the way God made me. Guess I just have to go."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,No no no we're not firing you.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,...You're not?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"No, we're sending Chef to a tolerance seminar."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,[steps forward] Sending Chef to a tolerance seminar?! You've got to be fuckin' crazy!!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"You demonstrate a lack of tolerance for Mr. Garrison's behavior. In fact, I believe you used the words ""sick queer"" to describe his conduct in class?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,He IS a sick queer!!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,Yeah!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"I just wanted to give you an opportunity to apologize to Mr. Garrison before I send you away, Chef."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Chef,Kiss my black ass!! [Mr. Garrison is surprised]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Counselor Mackey's office."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Mackey,"Parents, I had to call you in here because your boys have refused to attend class with their homosexual teachers, m'kay?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,We're not staying in class another minute with those queermos!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"Well I really thought you boys learned something in the Museum of Tolerance, but apparently all you learned was new words to call your poor teachers!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,[still distraught] But they killed Lemmiwinks!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stephen,"Shut your mouth, Butters! You'll speak when spoken to!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,Yes sir.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stephen,"Mr. Mackey, we've done everything we can to raise compassionate children. We don't know where else to turn."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Mackey,"Well there is an intensive seminar camp. It's a bit severe, but it might be the only way. M'kay?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sharon,That sounds good to me.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Liane,Me too.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sheila,"Then it's settled. Boys, you're going to tolerance camp."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,Tolerance camp?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Devitzen's Tolerance Camp, black-and-white footage, day. A truck pulls up to the entrance and two guards open the gates. Beyond, kids mill around under the watchful eyes of other guards. A few moments later a guard paces in front of a crowd of kids."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,"[sternly] Welcome to tolerance camp. You are here because you would not accept people's differences. [a shot of the kids shows that Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Butters were not the only kids to refuse attending Garrison's class] Because you refuse to accept the life choices of your fellow man. Well those days are now over. Here you vill verk, every hour of every day until you submit to being tolerant of everybody. Here, intolerance... will not be tolerated."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's classroom. Mr. Slave is reading his magazine. A few moments later Mr. Garrison storms into the room and slams the door shut."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,God-damnit!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,How'd it go?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"This is unbelievable, Mr. Slave! It seems no matter what I do I can't get fired!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,The principal didn't fire you?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,No! The parents felt so bad that their kids didn't want to attend my class anymore that they wanna give me the Courageous Teacher award this Friday at the Museum of Tolerance!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Oh, Jesus Christ."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"I mean, I stuck a gerbil up your ass and they wanna give me a Goddamn medal!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,Well it sounds to me like the principal's just hiding things from everybody. What you need to do is let the parents see what kind of demented faggot you are.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Oh well- [stops and thinks] Hey, that's right, Mr. Slave. [paces a bit] The parents have to see for themselves. [snaps his fingers] The awards ceremony! Well we'll put on a show they'll never forget!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Oohoohoohoo, Jesus Christ. [rubs his belly, and the camera zooms in, cutting to the intestine. Lemmiwinks walks along, and a guitar is heard]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,"Lemmiwinks journeyed a distance far and fast. To find his way out of a gay man's ass. The road ahead is filled with danger and fright But push onward, Lemmiwinks, with all of your might."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Frog King,"[appears again before Lemmiwinks] Lemmiwinks, you are coming to the entrance of the small intestine. There you must seek out the Sparrow Prince. [disappears. Lemmiwinks walks up the large intestine, going back and forth. Eventually it sees the Sparrow Prince and stops]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,"The Sparrow Prince lies somewhere way up ahead. Don't look back, Lemmiwinks, or you'll soon be dead. Lemmiwinks, Lemmiwinks, the time is growing late. Slow down now and seal your fate."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sparrow Prince,"I am the Sparrow Prince. Long has my spirit been trapped within this place. Before you lies the maze of the small intestine. One path leads to the stomach, the other to certain doom. Take with you this helmet and torch. [they appear and float toward Lemmiwinks] Let them be your guide. [Lemmiwinks puts it on and continues its journey]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,"Take the magic helmet torch to help you light the way. There's still a lot of ground to cross inside the man so gay. Ahead of you lies adventure, and your strength still lies within. Freedom from the Ass of Doom is the treasure you will win."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Devitzen's Tolerance Camp, black-and-white footage, day. The kids are in a large room the size of an airport hangar. All of them have been doing arts and crafts, as they are dirty with crayons and paint. Each column of tables is being patrolled by a guard."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,Today we will be using the fingerpaint! You vill make a painting that shows people of different races and sexual orientations getting along. Fingerpaint. Fingerpaint! [the kids get busy fingerpainting] You vill not make any distinction between people of different colors! People with different sexual preferences! You vill accept everyone! [stops behind Kyle's right shoulder and swoops down to look at his paper] What are you fingerpainting?!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"Uh, a bear?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,Ein bear?! Und bear has nothing to do with accepting people of different races!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,"[trembling in fear] Eh I, I don't know what else to paint."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,[takes Kyle's paper and rips it up] Start over! [puts his hand on the stack of papers next to Kyle] You will fingerpaint what we tell you! [takes a sheet from the stack and slams it down in front of Kyle] GO! [Kyle starts on a new picture] Faster. [the guard switches to the left shoulder without breaking his stare] Faster! [switches back to the right shoulder and cocks a pistol against Kyle's head] Faasterr.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,Aaaa! [hurries to finish the painting]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,Faster! Are you done?! What is it?! What have you done?! [Kyle adds some broad strokes and lifts up the finished work]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,[trembling] People of all colors and creeds holding hands beneath a rainbow!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,"GOOD! [snatches the paper from Kyle's hand] That wasn't so hard, was it? [rips it up and tosses it away] NOW DO IT AGAIN! [walks off slowly] Faster! [the kids work faster] Faasterr!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's classroom. Mr. Garrison talks to Mr. Slave. There are no kids in class, as they've all gone to tolerance camp, apparently."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"There! I've done it, Mr. Slave. The perfect plan to get us fired. You finished your costume design yet?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"[scribbling on a notepad] Almost. I just have to get through a su- [grabs his stomach] Uh-huc, Jesus Christ."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,What's the matter?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Mm, Just a bit of an upset stomach, I guess."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Well here, take a Pepto pill. I can't have my teacher's ass under the weather. [hands Mr. Slave a glass of water and a pill]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Eugh, Jesus Christ. [takes the pill and swallows it. The camera follows the pill down the esophagus toward the stomach. The pill lands in the pool of acid in the stomach. Lemmiwinks pops up from the pool]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,Lemmiwinks came to the stomach dark. 'Neath the depths of the lungs and heart.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Catatafish,"You chose your path wisely, Lemmiwinks. I am the Catatafish."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,Catatafish of the stomach's cove.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Catatafish,"If you answer this riddle, the esophagus will let you pass."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,Catatafish's riddle will soon be told.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Devitzen's Tolerance Camp, black-and-white footage, day. The kids are now in a different room quietly making macaroni pictures on the floor, but they are all fatigued. The guard walks up to a soldier on a catwalk and talks with him."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,Everything in order?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp Soldier,"Yes, mein Führer. Ve are making the prisoners make macaroni pictures that illustrate diversity in the verkplace."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,"[looks at a paper with two people shaking hands and with ""DIVERSITY"" written above them] Eh-xcellent! [down below the kids continue with their pictures.]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,[Suddenly falls on his face] Oh.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Kyle. [helps him up and tries to rouse him] Kyle, you have to keep making your macaroni pictures."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,[limply] Can't... glue... any... more. [falls on his face again]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"The guards are coming, Kyle. Glue. Glue, damn you!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,Take this one away. He is done for. [a soldier drags a boys body along the floor]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,Butters!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,No more... arts and crafts...
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stan,"Jesus... we have to get out of here. [other kids are passed out, some on their backs, some on their stomachs]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Devitzen's Tolerance Camp, black-and-white footage, outside. The kids are at play. Cartman walks over to a Porto-Potty and enters, but stops. He looks down into the toilet and finds two girls there in the septic tank."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Girl 1,Please don't tell them that we're hiding here.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Girl 2,We can't work anymore or we'll die.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp Soldier,[walking by] Vhat? [closes the door and turns around] Waht?!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"Oh. Uh, nothing. I was just getting back to work."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp Soldier,Vhat is in there?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,Nothing.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp Soldier,Get back to verk.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[salutes] Yes sir! [the guard walks away] Phew. [opens the door and steps inside, laughing. A few moments later he craps and starts laughing]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,The Girls,Eww! Eww! Eww! [Cartman craps and laughs some more]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[exits and alerts any available soldier] Hey, I was just kidding. There's actually two girls hiding down there. Hey! [goes to find a soldier]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Museum of Tolerance, Friday night. The main hall is set up for the awards ceremony and the guests are seated."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,Tonight we are here to honor an amazing fourth grade teacher with the Courageous Teacher award. [applause] Herbert Garrison came out about two years ago. Since then he has faced adversity. He has even faced ridicule by some of the students.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sharon,"Oh Randy, I'm so ashamed of our son."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Tour guide,"It is my honor to present the Courageous Teacher award to... Herbert Garrison. [applause. She moves off as Garrison enters riding on Mr. Slave, humming a song. Mr. Garrison wears a towering headdress while Mr. Slave is dressed as a horse. Mr. Slave stops]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Get along, little Slave."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,Oh my God.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Gerald,That's what our boys were talking about?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[rings some small bells] Ding-ding, ding-ding."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 1,[sitting next to Principal Victoria] He is so courageous.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[now at the podium, with Mr. Slave standing to his right. He's wearing a purple belt with shiny purple dildo hanging from it] Say, Mr. Slave."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Yes, Mr. Garrison?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,I had a dream last night that you were a real dick.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,Really? Why would you dream that I was being an asshole?
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"No no, I was the asshole. [a moment of silence, and more applause]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 2,"[brown hair and mustache] Ogh, that is so courageous."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 3,[gray hair] What an amazing human being! [Randy and Gerald look at each other in shock]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, I uh I'm very happy to get this award. Uh but you know what makes me even happier? Sucking balls."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Audience,Ahh [applause]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[frustrated, to Mr. Slave] It isn't working. Sing your song, Mr. Slave."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"I've got a little- Oof. [grabs his stomach] Ohoc, Jesus Christ. What's happening in there?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Inside Mr. Slave's stomach at that moment, Lemmiwinks has been put into a gyroscope and is ready to be shot up the esophagus and out the mouth."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Frog King,"Hang on, Lemmiwinks! You solved the Catatafish's riddle. Now your trials are nearly through!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Outside Mr. Slave's stomach, onstage."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Oh! I should have never shoved all those poor animals up my ass! [a few moments of thought, and then more applause]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,Uh...
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 4,[black hair] Courageous.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 5,"[behind him, brown hair] So courageous."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[frustrated and finally letting loose] God-damnit, don't you people get it?! I'm trying to get fired here! [the applause dies down]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 3,"[softly] Oh, that's courageous."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Look, this kind of behavior should not be acceptable from a teacher!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Yeah, Jesus Christ."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 6,But the mu-se-um tells us to be to-le-rant.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 3,[stands up and raises his arms] Yes. The mu-se-um.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Man 7,[stands up and raises his arms] The mu-se-um tells us.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Tolerant, but not stupid! Look, just because you have to tolerate something doesn't mean you have to approve of it! If you had to like it, it'd be called the Museum of Acceptance! [the audience looks on] ""Tolerate"" means you're just putting up with it! You tolerate a crying child sitting next to you on the airplane or, or you tolerate a bad cold. It can still piss you off! Jesus Tapdancing Christ!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"He's right. Our boys didn't hate homosexuals, they just hated the way this asshole was acting."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Gerald,We've gotta get our boys back! [gets up and rushes out]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,[relieved] Ogh! So now can I PLEASE get fired and get my 25 million dollars?!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"No, no, I think I have a better idea."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Devitzen's Tolerance Camp, Saturday, day. The boys' parents are at the front gate. Black-and-white fades into color, and Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Butters are present. They are quite thin, clearly undernourished, and their clothes fit loose on them."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Randy,"We're sorry, boys. Why didn't you tell us your teachers were acting so over-the-top?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sheila,Yes. You boys don't know how much we suffered. [a close-up of the boys shows that Butters is the thinnest of them]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Stephen,"Come on, let's go. [the boys and their parents head away from the gate. As they go, Mr. Garrison and Mr. Slave are brought in by Principal Victoria and Mr. Mackey. Two soldiers have them under gunpoint]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,But this is insane!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"I'm sorry Mr. Garrison, but it's obvious you aren't tolerant of your own behavior."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Camp warden,"[arrives] Vhat do we have here? Noo recruits? I assure you, the next veek will be nothing but pain and suffering! [pounds his right fist into his left palm]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,"Oooo, this could be kind of fun. [convulses all of a sudden, goes down on hands and knees, and coughs up the gerbil]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,Lemmiwinks has made it out and his tale is nearly through. [the three spirits he met in Mr. Slave's body now appear before him]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Catatafish,"Great job, Lemmiwinks."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Sparrow Prince,Thanks to you we are all free.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Frog King,"[draws close to Lemmiwinks] But your adventures are just beginning, for you are no ordinary gerbil, Lemmiwinks. You are the Gerbil King. [places a crown on its head, then backs up to join the other two animal spirits]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,The Three Spirits,All hail the Gerbil King. [they disappear]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Singers,"Now that you're the Gerbil King there's more ventures to go on Fly away to faraway lands and to the setting sun There's still so many enemies and battles yet to fight For Lemmiwinks the Gerbil King could be told a thousand nights Lemmi- Lemmi- Lemmiwinks. Le- Lemmiwiiinks. Lehhmiwinks, Lem- Lem- Lemmiwinks Lemmiwinks, Lemmiwinks, Leh-miwinks Leh-miwinks, Gerbil King.]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"South Park, night. A camera sits atop an ambulance transmitting the action as the ambulance speeds down a street. It ends up at Hell's Pass Hospital. The paramedics rush out and open the cargo doors, quickly take Cartman out and whisk him into Emergency while his mom remains seated anxiously inside the ambulance."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,[steps out of the ambulance] Be careful with my baby.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, inside. The paramedics reach the nurses' station and rush by."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Blonde nurse,What have we got?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Paramedic 1,[black hair] Not sure. It looks like a possible code five six!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"[disoriented] Kenny. Shut up, Kenny."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"[now helping the nurse and paramedics] You're going to be okay, baby."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, operating room. Emergency personnel whisk Cartman into the room. Liane enters, but stays near the door."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,"[enters ready for surgery] Five me 50 cc's of ketamine, STAT. And get something for the kid, too."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,Is he going to be okay?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Brunette nurse,"Let the doctor do his work, ma'am. [closes the curtain]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, a few hours later. Cartman is now in one of the recovery rooms with Liane at his side stroking him gently. He's on a respirator for the time being. The doctor enters the room slowly, but Liane notices and rises to meet him."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,Doctor! Did you find out what's wrong with him?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,I'm afraid he's... running out of time.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"[thinks a moment, then] Why?? What's wrong with him??"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,It's his time. It's ...running out.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"Well, what does he need?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,He needs to have more time.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,What can we do?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,"Well, I suppose we could try a time transplant. I'll have to call in a specialist. [turns and walks out. Liane returns to Cartman]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"[cradles Cartman somewhat] It's going to be okay, baby. We're going to get you more time."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Ey Kenny! God-damn you, Kenny!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Chef's house, day. Stan and Kyle go up to the front door and Kyle knocks. Chef opens up and sees them."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Hello there, children."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Chef, Cartman is in the hospital. They think he might die."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,"Yeah, and, we don't know whether or not we should care."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,Well what's wrong with him?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Well, nobody seems to know, but we think it's because he drank Kenny's soul four weeks ago."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,"Kenny's ashes were in an urn, and Cartman drank it, thinking it was chocolate milk mix."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Children, why didn't you tell me about this sooner?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,"Well like we said, we didn't know whether or not we should care?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Well, you should. Cartman is your friend whether you like him or not! Now, come on! We've gotta get to that hospital!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, Cartman's recovery room. Dr. Doctor has returned."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,He's looking a little better today.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,"Yes, but his time is still getting weaker. It will give out soon unless we do something. [the door opens and Chef, Stan and Kyle enter]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,[cheerfully] Hey you guys! How's it goin'?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,Cartman?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No, that's Kenny."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,[surly] What the hell are you assholes doing here?!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,That's Cartman.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"[approaches and has a look] Oh my God! Eric, how long have you been channelin' Kenny?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Oh, about a month."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,Let's not validate his delusions.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Kenny? Kenny, do you know what you need to get free?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,He's gone again.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Ms. Cartman, we need to get Eric to a medium who can speak with people who have crossed over."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,What?? That's preposterous! What this child needs is a time transplant!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,This hospital isn't gonna do any good. We need to take him to see John Edward.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Hey, I've seen that guy. He has a TV show where he brings people on and talks to their dead relatives."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,That's right. We have to go see him in New York.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Dr. Doctor,"I warn you, Ms. Cartman. Your son's time could give out at any minute. He needs to be kept here where his time could be monitored."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"Oooh, what should I do? I'm playing roulette with my child's life! [switches mind gears] Ooo wait, Hairspray is showing in New York, isn't it? Let's go there."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,Good. You children need to come too. Eric needs all the support he can get right now.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,We're going to New York?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"An airplane to New York, dawn. The plane is flying above the clouds."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Flight Attendant,Welcome aboard Flight 673 to New York. We are happy to show you a feature film during the flight. In a moment we'll be showing a preview.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,[the boys begin to put on headphones] Oh cool. We get to watch a movie?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Awesome!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,The preview.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Rob Schneider was an animal. [a shot of him on all fours running through the forest] Then he was a woman. [Rob steps out of a shower and inspects his new breasts. He's shocked] And now Rob Schneider is... [a shot of him sitting on a desk dressed as a stapler, stapling papers together] a stapler. [he's showing being a stapler in front of some cheering frat boys from Gamma Gamma Delta] And he's about to find out... [he's shown trying to catch a bus as a stapler] that being a stapler [he's shown with a woman, still as a stapler. He tries to get close to her, but falls off the sofa] is harder than it looks. Rob Schneider is... The Stapler. [title graphics show up] Rated PG-13."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,"Stan, Kyle",[remove their headphones] Weak!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"[giggles] Ha-heheheh. [the boys look at him; he takes his headphones off and looks at them] That was Kenny laughing, not me."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"New York, the skyline. Chef, Liane, and the boys arrive at an HBC studio for John Edward."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,This must be the place.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Page,"Okay audience members, hi, welcome to the taping of the show. [she collects tickets from members as they enter the studio] It's all general seating in there, and just remember, Mr. Edward might not hear from the particular dead person you wanna talk to, so just... keep an open mind."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Don't worry, Eric. I'm sure he will be able to help you."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"John Edward's studio, show set. The seats are all filled up."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Ladies and Gentlemen, John Edward. [applause. John enters the set and steps on stage]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Thank you, thank you. Alright let's get started. [meditates a minute, then points to his right] 'S coming from over here. 'S the name Mike mean anything to anybody? [no reaction] I'm getting um, I'm getting M-mike? Definitely an M, d'um, maybe Matt? Mike? Matt? Mi-mmm, Mi-Mike, m-Mary?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 1,Mary was my mother!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Okay okay, and she-she's she died?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 1,[begins to sob. A woman comforts him] Yes. Yeh-yes she did.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Okay, and she's telling me there's something about... the money. That the, the money is safe? Is that making sense? [the man and woman look up]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 1,M-mm-m. Not really.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Must be from somewhere else in the audience, then. Uh, d'uh, money? Is someone el-"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Uh, over here please?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,We have a dead friend.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Uh d'eh'hm quiet, quiet down boys. It doesn't work that way. Uh, okay, I I'm getting ...someone now whose name is g-, a t-. It's an l-, it's a m-, it's k-."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,Kenny!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Kenny says hi.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Audience Members,Wow! [applause] wow...
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Okay, now I'm getting that Kenny ...died?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,We told you that.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"And, and this wasn't, this wasn't a good death. It was like a, it was a sad death. It was like a, it was like a death that made people sad. Does that make sense?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,Yee-yeah.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Audience members,"[applause] Oh, wow, that's incredible! Wow!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Look uh, Mr. Edward, can you just ask Kenny how we can get him out, please?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"[blocking] Doesn't work that way. [turns his attention to the boys] Now, Kenny is telling me that... you're his best friends, and he's in a ss-safe place."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No no, he's trapped in Cartman's body."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Ohh, there's somebody with him. Who's Kyle?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,I'm Kyle.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Oh right. And uh, did an older woman pass, she's asking for Kyle? Maybe a grandma?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,[responding] Yeah. My Grandma. [looks around] She's here?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"She says there was something she asked you to do, and you're not doing it? She wants you to look for four white doves."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,Oh my God!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Oh now she's sending me a P word. Maybe it's a puh-? Or a huh-?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 1,My Harry died last year!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Oh, it's comin' from over here. [moves to the woman's side of the audience] I'm getting all kinds of voices today. [does a small skip] Woo! [laughter]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Heh hey wait a minute dude.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Okay now Harry. He's telling me... oh well, he's saying that you two used to... do things."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 1,[sobs and nods vigorously] Mmm-hmm.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,And that those things involved... stuff?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 1,"The things did involve stuff, yes. [cries. The audience is awed and gets somewhat boisterous]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"New York, outside John Edward's studio. Chef, Liane and the boys exit. Kyle is missing."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Aw man, I can't believe I got fooled by that asshole!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,He seemed better on TV?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,Yeah. They must edit his shows down on television to only show him getting mostly right answers.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,[exits the studio a bit panicked.] Grandma's watching me. Always watching me.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"[approaches Kyle] Dude, you don't believe that guy talked to your grandma, do you? [Cartman has a seizure; the other boys look over. Cartman goes silent, and he's shown standing unconscious.]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,Eric? [the others draw closer] It must be his time. I think it's running out!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,We've got no choice. The only people I know now who might be able to help Eric are my parents. We'll have to take the next flight to Scotland.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"New York Airport, day. The kids, Chef and Liane are ready for their flights."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"[walks to Stan and Kyle and gives them their tickets] Okay children, this is your flight back to Colorado. Your parents are meeting you at the airport in Denver."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,We don't get to go to Scotland?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,It's too far and your parents want you back home.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"[to Cartman] Oh well. Good luck getting Kenny out of you, fatso."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Thanks, asshole."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Come on, we gotta catch our plane. You children get right on that plane now."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,This is the final boarding announcement for Flight 342 to Denver.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,[moving off slowly] That's us. Come on.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,Four white birds!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Huh?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,"There's four white birds! [Sees a sign for Jewleeard, a private school for young Jews. The sign has four birds in flight above a small school, two stars of David flanking the building, and two traditional Jewish men in overcoats, one at each end of the sign. A phone number is shown underneath. Kyle and Stan walk closer to the sign] This is what Grandma wants? She wants me to attend Jewleeard."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Dude, you were going to see four white birds eventually."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,So is it a coincidence that Grandma DID talk to me about going to Jewleeard someday?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Yes. Now, come on. Our plane is gonna leave. [walks off]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,I'm not going back.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"[stops and looks at Kyle, astonished] What??"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,I have to join Jewleeard and make Grandma proud! [drops his ticket on the ground] Tell my parents I'll call them. [hurries away]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Kyle. No, Kyle! Aw crap! [slaps his left palm on his face]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"John Edward's estate, later. Stan arrives and goes to the front door. Needless to say, he didn't get on the plane either. He rings the bell and is greeted by the butler."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Hey, uh, I need to talk to Mr. Edward, please."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Butler,He doesn't do private readings.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"I'm not here for a reading, I just need to ask him something real quick."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Butler,"Alright, come on in. [steps aside for Stan to enter]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"John Edward's estate, living room. Stan waits by the sofa."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Butler,Just wait here. I'll go fetch him. [the butler walks into another area of the house]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Jesus Christ.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Butler,[returns] Here he is. [presses a button next to a wide doorway]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Pre-recorded voice,"Ladies and Gentlemen, John Edward. [John approaches and the butler presses a second button for applause]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Thank you, thank you."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Hey uh, I need to ask you a big favor. You, you did a reading on my best friend and uh, well you kind of messed him up."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Oh. [pulls out a card from his pocket and reads aloud] The John Edward show is not liable for opinions and materials given for entertainment purposes only. [silence for a few seconds]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Look, my friend Kyle won't fly back home to Colorado. All I need you to do is just talk to him and tell him, you know, the whole talking to dead people isn't for real."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Maybe it is for real.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Right, but it's not. It's a trick you do and I need you to just let my friend Kyle know that so he can go on with his life."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Look, people have the right to be skeptical. I really hear voices in my head."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Yes. We all hear voices in our heads. It's called ""intuition."" Get over yourself and tell my friend it's just for fun."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Look, what I do doesn't hurt anybody. I give people closure and help them cope with life."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No, you give them false hope and a belief in something that isn't real."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,But I'm a psychic.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No dude, you're a douche."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,I'm not a douche! What if I really believe that dead people talk to me?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Then you're a stupid douche.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"I think I've had of your bullying me! Get out of my house or I'll runs upstairs, lock myself in my panic room and call the police!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,I'm nine years old.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"I'm not talking to your friend and I'm not a douche! [runs up the stairs and towards his room as his voice gets whinier] You'd better get out of my house, 'cause I'm gonna call the police! [Stan looks at him like he's nuts; he locks himself in his panic room]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"You are so a douche! I'm nominating you for the Biggest Douche in the Universe award, you douche! [walks towards the door, but notices some books on a bookcase nearby. He checks them out. ""How To Be A Psychic"" ""Cold Reading: The Trick Of The Psychic!"" ""Make Women Believe You're Psychic! Then Have Sex With Them!"" ""How To Sixty Nine With Yourself"" ...Stan senses the real reason behind John's efforts] Son of a bitch. [takes the books and leaves the estate.]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"An airplane to Scotland, day. The plane is flying above the clouds. In the cabin, Cartman sits between Chef and Liane."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Hey Kenny! Shut up, Kenny! You shut up, fatass!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"Hang in there, sweetie. We'll be there soon."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Pilot,Welcome aboard Scotland Air. Our trip to Edinburgh should take about twelve hours.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,Twelve hours?? Jesus Christ!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Pilot,In the meantime we'd like to show you a complimentary film.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Oh, good. [All passengers put on their headsets.]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Rob Schneider is a Wall Street executive [Rob walks into the scene with a briefcase, then he's in a hot tub with a beautiful woman] With everything going for him. [now in his office, he gets up and straddles his desk. He then pretends the desk is a horse] Only problem is, he's about to become... [he walks up to a mirror and looks at himself] a carrot!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Rob Schneider,I'm a carrot!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,It's 24-carrot comedy. [hops away from a pursuing rabbit]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Rob Schneider,Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ohh!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,[title text is shown] Rob Schneider is A Carrot. Rated PG-13.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Oh for the love of Christ. [switches from miffed to excited] I wanna watch, fat boy! [...and back to miffed] No, Kenny, it's not funny!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"The Jewleeard School, New York. Kyle approaches the school. Stan runs up to intercept him."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Kyle! Kyle!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,"Don't try and stop me, Stan! This is what my grandma wants!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Look, I went and saw that John Edward guy. He's just a big douche."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,He's not a douche! He talked to my grandma!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Kyle, you can't run your life based on what some douchey psychic said. They all just use a technique called ""cold reading."" They've used it for hundreds of years to make people believe them."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 2,"[listening, he approaches] Hey, whoa now. John Edward is for real."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No, he's not."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 2,Yeah. My sister told me he knew our mother's name and when she died. [other adults begin to arrive and give testimony]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Construction worker,"John Edward? Oh yeah, I heard he walked up to a guy on the street, and said his dead father wanted to say ""Happy Birthday,"" and it WAS his birthday."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 3,"Yeah kid, how do you explain that?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"[looks around at the adults, then] Alright, look. I'll show you. I just need a volunteer. How about you?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,Oh-ho. Me? [steps forward. The others clap]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Okay, I'm gonna pretend that a dead person is talking to me about you, okay?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,Okay.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Okay, watch, Kyle. Uh, it's an older man, someone very close to you."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,My father?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Does this month, November, hold a special significance?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,[gasps] My birthday's in November!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Right, because he's saying, ""Tell her 'Happy Birthday.'"""
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,Oh my God.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"See, Kyle? I just started with something really vague. I chose an older man because I'm betting that, based on this woman's age, her father is most likely dead. But if her father wasn't dead, I could still say it was some other older man."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 2,Well then how'd you know her birthday was in November?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"I didn't. I just asked her if November meant anything. Her father could have died in November, or Thanksgiving could have been really special for them. But I go with the birthday and validate it now, as if I knew, by saying ""He wishes you a Happy Birthday."""
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,[gasps] What else does he say?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Okay, I'll just use an old standard. He's saying ""the money. Stop worrying about the money."""
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 4,[gasps] Oh my God! My sister and I have been fighting over his inheritance.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 3,That's amazing.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No it isn't! When a father dies, inheritance is usually an issue, and money is something everyone worries about."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 3,That sounds a little too coincidental.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 4,Yes. There's only one explanation. This kid can communicate with the dead!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Adults,Wow!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,What?! [his deconstruction didn't work. The adults crowd in]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 2,Do me next. I wanna talk to my mother.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 3,Can you try to reach my grandfather.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,No wait.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Construction worker,You have to tell me if my sister's in a good place. [Kyle walks away from the crowd and into Jewleeard]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 5,"Yeah, help me out too, 'k?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 6,I'm next. I'm next.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 7,"Hey, get out of my way!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 8,Do me!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scout,"Kid, how would you like your own talking to the dead show?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Scotland, day, highlands. Night falls. Chef, Liane and Cartman arrive at the McElroy manor and Chef knocks on the door. Bagpipes that were playing stop. Mr. McElroy, Chef's dad, answers the door."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,Hi Pop.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Junior! Aw, son, it's good to see you now."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"These are my friends, the Cartmans. [presents them]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Well come on in out of the cold now. [the guests enter] There's heavy fog on the moors tonight. [closes the door, then leads them to the living room] Well, look what the cat dragged in, Nellie."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Oh, my baby come home!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Hi, Momma! [gives her a hug]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Lord, I thought you wasn't comin' till nine."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Mom, this is my friend, Ms. Cartman."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"Please, call me Liane."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"So nice to have you here, Liane."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,And is this the children you told us about?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Yeah, Pop. This is Eric."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Well, let's see here now. [genuflects and checks Cartman out in various places on the body] Mhm, mhm, mhm. [stands up] Yeup! There's definitely more than one children in there."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,Oh dear.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Nellie, you best have at it now."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Oh Lord, and I just put the roast in the oven, too. [walks off to the kitchen muttering] Ain't gonna have no time now to baste it. Don't nobody blame me, a woman can't bake no roast and do everything else at the same time. [Thomas walks off to his left] Can't say that the roast is gonna be terrible, maybe just a little dry. [Thomas returns with a stool] But I suppose we can make some extra gravy to take the dryness out later. [Nellie returns dressed as a shaman with angel wings]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Alright, children, stand up on this chair now."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,Right now?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Yes, right now. [Cartman steps up on the small stool and Nellie begins to work on him.]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,[waving her scepters] Na kamaa karash meh nah- [strikes Cartman]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Whoa, whoa, watch it lady."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,Come out now. Come out now.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Just stay still, Eric. Mom knows what she's doing."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,You all come out of there now.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"""The Other Side""."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"At a very young age one young boy learned he had a special gift. This is ""The Other Side."" [the curtain rises to reveal Stan on set with the studio audience clapping. He steps forward and the curtain falls down behind him]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Okay, listen to me. Listen very carefully. [the applause dies down] This is a trick that I am doing. Okay? Watch. All I'm gonna do is say a name that I'm gonna pick at random. Okay? [puts his hand to his temple] They want me to acknowledge Pete, or Peter."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 5,"[jumps up] Yes! Yes, my Peter! [begins to sob]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Audience,Wow!! [begins to clap]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No! Stop clapping! All I did was pick a random name and wait for somebody in the audience to give a response. Now that I see that there's a lone woman crying, my instinct tells me Peter was her husband. So I say, ""Peter was your husband?"""
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 5,"[sobbing] Yes, yes! Yes, my husband Peter!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Audience,Wow!! [begins to clap]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 6,Oh wow!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,[getting annoyed] Stop it! I didn't do anything!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 9,[rises and accuses] You knew Peter was dead!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"[reminding] I didn't start by saying Peter is dead! I started by saying, ""They want me to acknowledge Peter."" That could have meant Peter was in the audience or that Peter was somebody's friend, or Peter had died. I couldn't be wrong, see? Now, I can look at this woman and see that she's fairly young, so odds are her husband was fairly young when he died. So I can say something like, ""I'm getting that Peter's death was very untimely."""
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 5,"[sobbing] Yes, it was."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Audience,Wow!! [begins to clap]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 10,Amazing!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 7,Ask Peter if he knows my little Billy.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"[frustrated, with right hand over his clenched eyelids] Okay. Let's back up. [each audience row backs up to the one behind it] Not literally!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"McElroy manor, night. Nellie is still working on Cartman. He's laying on a bed, and Chef's dad helps in the exorcism."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,In the name of all that is holy we demand this spirit be set free!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"Ahh, Aahhhh! [the adults back away from the bed. Soon, an orange glow appears on Cartman's belly]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,There we go! We're gettin' somethin' now!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Come on out, spirit. Go!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,Come on out hyow! It's safe! [Cartman groans with the pain Kenny's spirit is causing him. Thomas quickly moves to the foot of the bed] Here it comes! The spirit is comin' out hyuh! [a timer goes off]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Oooo, that's the potatoes. [she removes all her costume and heads to the kitchen]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"[a few seconds later] Well hold on the potatoes two seconds, woman! [Nellie stops and turns around] The soul's comin' out hyuh! [Cartman writhes on the bed as Kenny's spirit now glows from Cartman's pants] It's almost done. Alright, son. Now bring me the victim child!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,The victim child?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Yeah. You know, the child that we sacrifice so we can put Kenny's soul into its body. [Chef looks off to his right. Liane and Thomas follow his gaze]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Oh Lord, they didn't bring a victim child."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,Where were we gonna find a child to sacrifice?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"We weren't gonna ask you where you got it from. [Cartman groans once more, and Kenny's spirit bolts out and bounces around the room. The adults try to dodge it]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,God-damnit! The spirit's out and it don't have no where to go!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Lord, Thomas, don't let it get on the curtains."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,Movie trailer. First scene is a disco dance floor. Rob Schneider is dancing around like John Travolta.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Rob Schneider derp de derp. [next scene: he's walking down a city street when a pretty woman passes by. He looks back at her] Derp de derpity derpy derp. [he runs into a light standard. Next scene: he's a lab technician working with nitrogen. He drinks a strange liquid] Until one day, the derpa derpa derpaderp. [Rob is shown dancing like a monkey on the street] Derp de derp. [he's in a house begging like a dog in front of a woman] da teedily dumb."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Rob Schneider,"[rises a bit, then starts falling backwards down the stairs] Whoa! [hits the ground floor landing]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"From the creators of Der, and Tum Ta Tittaly Tum Ta Too, Rob Schneider is Da Derp Dee Derp Da Teetley Derpee Derpee Dumb. Rated PG-13."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"The Jewleeard School, New York. Kyle is studying. Stan approaches him with a stack of papers."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Here. Look, Kyle. I found tons of testimonials on the Internet saying that John Edward has the entire studio wired to hear what people are talking about before the show. And, he pays actors to be plants in the audience."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,You're just jealous he's a better psychic than you.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Fine, I give up! You wanna stay in New York?! Then go ahead! [throws the stack away and leaves. He reaches the front doors, opens them, and is face-to-face with John Edward]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"So, you think you can talk to dead people better than me, huh?!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No, I don't think either one of us can. [Kyle gets up from his seat and leaves the room]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"They told me your show is getting better ratings than mine, that you're saying I'm a fraud on your show! You'd better not ever call me a liar, or a fake, or a douche again, or else I'll sue you for slander!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"I'm saying this to you, John Edward, you are a liar, you are a fake, and you are the biggest douche ever!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Everything I tell people is positive and gives them hope! How does that make me a douche?!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Because the big questions in life are tough: Why are we here? Where are we from? Where are we going? But if people believe in asshole douchey liars like you, we're never gonna find the real answer to those questions. You aren't just lying, you're slowing down the progress of all mankind, you douche!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,I'M NOT A DOUCHE! And I challenge you to a psychic showdown! I'll prove to the world that I'm psychic and you're not!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Fine, douche! [slams one door on him...]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,I'm not a douche! [...then the other]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"The McElroy manor, night. Kenny's spirit is now in the living room flitting about. Thomas enters with a broom, swinging it around to capture it somehow."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Well come on, the soul's in here! It can't escape now. [Liane and Chef enter the room] It's goin' to the light! Unfortunately, it's the livin' room light."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"I'll open a window, you try to chase it out, Thomas."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Go on now, soul now!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Here, spirit, come out the window. [opens a window] I'll give you tree-fiddy. [holds out some money for the spirit]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Now don't go offerin' the soul no tree-fiddy, woman!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,I'm just tryin' to persuade it.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,"Well I know, but you can at least start at about two quarter or somethin' [the spirit comes out of the light and flits out of the living room] Aw Christmas, there it goes again!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"[drops the money] It's headin' for the kitchen! Aw, Thomas, the pot roast! [heads for the kitchen after the spirit]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"The McElroy manor, kitchen. Kenny's spirit flits in and bounces around the kitchen. The adults enter, hot on its trail."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,Over here!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,Get it down.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,"Don't let it get in the roast! [the spirit moves over the roast. The others move with it, but the spirit dives into the pot roast, making it bounce. The adults crowd in and look at the pot roast]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Thomas,Oh. Well. I guess the child's a pot roast now.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,What do we do with it now?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,[turns around to get something] Well I'll wrap it up with some plastic wrap so you can take it home with ya. Should last a few months in the freezer. [turns around with a box of Saran Wrap]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,"[entering refreshed] Hey, ah I feel a lot better."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Eric, you're okay! [the others gather around him. Liane kneels to hug him]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"Oh, baby, your time is back!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Nellie,[lays a hand on Cartman's head and pronounces] This child is clean.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,The John Edward studio.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Ladies and Gentlemen, it's ""Psychic Showdown."" Here are John Edward, and Stan Marsh. [both of them enter and get on stage. The studio audience applauds]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"Thank you. [the applause dies down. He turns to Stan] Alright, asshole! I know you're here to try to throw me off, so go ahead. Give me your best shot!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No, I don't wanna talk to you. I wanna talk to the audience."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Wah-why?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"You see, I learned something today. At first I thought you were all just stupid, listening to this douche's advice, but now I understand that you're all here because you're scared. You're scared of death and he offers you some kind of understanding. You all want to believe in it so much, I know you do. You find comfort in the thought that your loved ones are floating around trying to talk to you, but think about it: Is that really what you want? To just be floating around after you die, having to talk to this asshole? [the audience is listening] We need to recognize this stuff for what it is: magic tricks. Because whatever's really going on in life and in death is much more amazing than this douche. [more audience listening, reflection. Kyle is present. One man claps, then others clap with him, then murmurs are heard]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Audience members,Yes. Right. Yeah. [John looks angrily at Stan]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Kyle,"[now next to Stan with fake beard in hand] You're right, Stan. My Grandma isn't floating around, judging me and watching what I do. She's dead. Dead and gone forever."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Yeah.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,But I do have a special power! I know I do!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"There's nothing special about you, dude. Get over yourself."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"God-damnit, I'm special!! [a rumble is heard, the studio shakes, and a bright light shines from above. John, Stan and Kyle look up in wonder]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 11,What the?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Woman 8,"Aaaah! [the ceiling above the studio begins to crack, and a huge red spacecraft breaks through, descending to the ground. Stan and Kyle step back. The craft settles down and a door opens downward to become a staircase. Aliens appear and descend the stairs]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Lead alien,"[with two noses, and a pair of eyes for each nose. The eyes stick out like antennae] Greetings from the Jannex Galaxy. [the other aliens take a bow] We seek the great John Edward."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,Why that... that's me!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Lead alien,"Sir, it is an honor to meet you. [extends his... ""hand""]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"[extends his hand and gives the alien a handshake] Well, thank you very much! [looks smugly at Stan]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"No, it can't be."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Lead alien,"I am Quagmar, and this is the Intergalactic BDIU Committee. Mr. Edward, it is my honor to inform you that you have been nominated for Biggest Douche In the Universe! [the other aliens clap]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,What?!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Alien 2,"[in purple robes, with yellow legs] You are the first nominee from the Milky Way Galaxy."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Alien 3,[with four arms] Congratulations!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,"Oh, dude! [smiles]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Alien 2,"If you step into our plabpa feed, we'll give you a first-class ride to the awards show. [the aliens escort him into the spacecraft]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"No, wait! I'm not a douche! I make people feel good about themselves! [the door closes and the spacecraft takes off] I give people resolution! [the craft is seen going straight up, then off in a random direction. Stan and Kyle look on, then they turn around]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Stan,Now do you people believe me?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Man 12,Well I don't know. How did Edward know my father died in March?
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,"Denver International Airport, day. Cartman, Liane, and Chef exit the airport."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,God-damnit that was a long flight! I thought we'd never get out of stinky-ass smelly Scotland!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,"Oh it's so good to have you acting like yourself again, sweetie."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Well, come on. We'd better get Kenny back to his parents. Wait a minute. Who's got the pot roast?"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Liane,I thought you got it.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Cartman,It's still at baggage claim!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Chef,"Aw, damnit! Come on! [they go back into the airport] We've gotta find him! Kenny!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,Commercial.
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Rob Schneider is a somewhat popular comedic actor [he's seen dancing around on the red carpet on his way into the Chinese theater] who seemed to have it all, [now sitting at his desk counting his millions] until one day, he came across a pot roast, [standing in line at Denver International, he sees the pot roast on a table. The roast is labeled ""Chef McElroy, South Park""] and his life changed forever. [he's taken the roast home and is carving it up and eating it. He senses something is wrong] Now he's sharing his body with an eight-year-old boy. [first, on a hobby elephant as the kids watch then, in Kenny's room getting dressed; then, waiting at the bus stop with Stan, Kyle, and Cartman] And he's about to find out [now getting on his desk and dancing] that being eight [now on all fours attempting to kiss Millie. Barbrady and partner show up; next, he's running down the street trying to escape the officers] ain't so great. [standing on the Kenny McCormick Memorial Square stage, suffers the same fate Kenny did back when Kathy Lee Gifford came to town - getting shot and then impaled on the South Park flag pole] Rob Schneider is KENNY! [title text and graphic come up] Rated PG-13."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Scene Description,Somewhere in space...
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,"Live, from the space station Xion, in the Vuntlin Galaxy. It's the Biggest Douche In the Universe Award! [title graphic comes up. Inside, one finds that this is the 478th Annual Award. The auditorium is huge, with two balcony levels]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Lion-head alien,This year's nominees are...
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Bee alien,"[yellow, with nine eyes, two large wings, and a mouth at the very top of the body] Quaglar the Destructor, Andromeda Galaxy, Planet J-11. [applause. A massive shackled green alien roars]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Lion-head alien,"Damanta Unit 5, J-Lax Galaxy, Planet Neeu. [a robot with a metallic sledgehammer]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Damanta Unit 5,Derrr. [hammers himself on the head with the sledgehammer]
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Bee alien,"John Edward, Milky Way Galaxy, Planet Earth. [some aliens around Edward start to cheer]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,I'm not a douche!
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Lion-head alien,"And finally, Ursula, the giant douche [a douche bottle with applicator] from the Horsehead Nebula, Station J-12."
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Bee alien,"And the winner for Biggest Douche In the Universe is... [opens the envelope and reads] It's John Edward, Milky Way Galaxy, Planet Earth!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,John Edward,"[a lovely alien woman comes to take him to the stage] Uh no, come on now! [once on stage, he gets a beauty-pageant treatment, complete with banner over his shoulder saying ""BIGGEST DOUCHE"" and a crown]"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Frankenstein alien,"Here he is, the Biggest Douche of the Universe! In all the galaxies, there's no bigger douche than you! You've reached the top, the pinnacle of douchedom! Good going, douche. Your dreams have come true!"
The Biggest Douche in the Universe,Announcer,Da derpa derpa derpaderp. Da Derp Dee Derp Da Teetley Derpee Derpee Dumb!
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"South Park, woods, night. Six boys look at a tree stump surrounded by litter. They are Jimmy, Token, Craig, Clyde, Kyle, and Cartman. Kyle is carrying a black trash bag. On the stump is a marijuana joint and some paper."
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,"[thrusts the bag at Clyde] Throw it away, Clyde!"
My Future Self n' Me,Clyde,I'm not gonna touch it. You throw it away.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,[arriving] What's going on?
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,[points at the joint] Some high schoolers left their marijuana cigarette behind. Uh we have to throw it away before some kids find it or something.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,So throw it away.
My Future Self n' Me,Clyde,Nobody wants to touch it.
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,What if the residue gets on our hands and it leads to harder drugs like those commercials say?
My Future Self n' Me,Craig,"Yeah, didn't you see that commercial where it says that if you have pot you could become a terrorist?"
My Future Self n' Me,Clyde,And the commercial where the two kids have pot and the one kids shoots the other. Harmless?
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"You guys, those commercials are just exaggerations."
My Future Self n' Me,Token,How do you know? None of us had ever had any drugs before.
My Future Self n' Me,Jimmy,"Well, I did Ecstasy once. [the other boys look at him] Me and my girlfriend took it and we stayed up all night having... sex. [the other boys just stare]"
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,...Where did you have sex with her?
My Future Self n' Me,Jimmy,"In her... va-vagina. [smiles, but the other boys remain silent] Thank you, thank you. What a terrific audience."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,[annoyed at his friends' skittishness] It's just a stupid plant that makes you dumb. Touching it won't hurt you.
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"[takes the bag from Kyle and offers it to Stan] Then you throw it away, smartass. [Stan walked into that one]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Fine, I will. [takes the bag and walks over to the stump, faces the boys, and tosses the joint into the bag] There, see? I touched marijuana. I'm not a terrorist, I didn't shoot anybody, and I don't feel like doing more drugs now. No big deal."
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"South Park, night. To the sound of dramatic music, lightning relentlessly flashes all over town. Stan's house is shown as lightning strikes it. In the living room Stan watches ""The Osbournes"" with his grandfather. Ozzy is shown in his living room talking to his kids."
My Future Self n' Me,Ozzy,You kids fucking don't fuck around with your fucking mom!
My Future Self n' Me,Jack,"Dad, we fucking can't! It's a big flick a fuck!"
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,"[enters scolding] Stan, what did I tell you about watching The Osbournes?"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Aw, come on, Mom."
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,"It's going to make you retarded! [starts flipping channels, then settles on a news report, then walks away]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"It's just a show! It doesn't have any fucking effect on me, for fuck's sake!"
My Future Self n' Me,Grandpa Marvin,Oh goody. Now we can watch the news.
My Future Self n' Me,Tom,"In other news, South Park police are still looking for a craaazy man who terrorized the town one hour ago. [a silhouette of a man running is behind the words ""CRAZY MAN"" and a question mark is on the silhouette] The man claimed to be from the future and ran naked through the city streets screaming ""The past! The past! Oh my God, it's the past!"" Which is what one would expect someone from the future to yell. [a knock is heard on the front door, Sharon goes to answer it. Before her stands a disheveled man with long brown hair and stubbly beard. He's wrapped in a large towel and wears a blue cap with red piping and puff, like Stan does]"
My Future Self n' Me,Naked Man,"[slurring his voice] Oh my God, it's the past! [looks at Sharon] Oh, whoa man, it's you!"
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,Who are you?
My Future Self n' Me,Naked Man,"It's me, Mom, your son Stan. [Sharon looks shocked, and the camera zooms in on that. Behind her, still watching TV, are Stan and Marvin. Stan looks over]"
My Future Self n' Me,Randy,"[joining Sharon at the door] Who is it, Sharon?"
My Future Self n' Me,Naked Man,Dad!
My Future Self n' Me,Randy,Dad?? Look! We don't know you and you don't know us! Just go away before we call the police!
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[rises from the sofa and walks over] Who the fuck is it, Mom and Dad?"
My Future Self n' Me,Naked Man,"No way, it's me from the past! [looks quite relieved]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,I'm me from the past?
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"[genuflects to Stan, who leans back a bit] No, I'm you from the future! [rises, and Randy helps him up] Oh man, this is so messed up."
My Future Self n' Me,Randy,"[pushing the man out the door] Okay, we've had enough!"
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"Your name's Randy Marsh, you're a geologist, and you don't like chicken. Mom, your maiden name is Kimble and you have a scar on your left knee from when you slipped in the swimming pool."
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,"[in hushed tones] Randy, what's going on?"
My Future Self n' Me,Randy,[in hushed tones] I don't know.
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"Dude, just let me talk to you for like, five minutes. After that I'll bail."
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,The Marsh dining room. The naked man is now dressed in street clothes and seated at the head of the table. He's enjoying a beer and regular cigarette. The others look dazed and confused at the man as he recounts his memories.
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"I can still remember when I was five and you both found that squirrel I'd been keeping in the closet and, you let me keep it for another week and then it ran away but... I know that's just what you told me. I know that Mom had actually let it out."
My Future Self n' Me,Randy,How could he possibly know all that unless... he is our son from the future.
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,"But why are you back in this time with us, son?"
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"I have no idea, man. I was just about to go asleep in an alley behind the crackhouse, [Stan is aghast at what he would become] and I shot up a little heroin, and then this electrical storm started. Next thing I knew I was running around in my own past, man. I thought... I was just tripping, but then I came down and I was still here. Oh, dude, it's so bizarre!"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Oh dude, I should have never touched that marijuana!"
My Future Self n' Me,Randy,"[laying hands on the man's shoulder] Stan, whatever's happened, we going to help you."
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,[reaching out] That's right. We're a family no matter what time shift.
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,Thanks. Can I get another beer?
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,You must be exhausted. Why don't you get some sleep?
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,That'd be killer. Where can I crash?
My Future Self n' Me,Sharon,"Well I'm sure Stan wouldn't mind sharing his room, would you, Stan?"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,What?? I have to share my room with my future self?? Oh no! [squeezes his eyes shut and buries them in his right hand]
My Future Self n' Me,Singer,"Here we are, face to face, ""My Future Self -n- Me"" [Stan and Future Stan stroll down a road. Future Stan has a beer]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,[right at the camera] Stop it.
My Future Self n' Me,Singer,"So much alike, and yet so different"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,[Stan's future self joins him in bed after freshening up in the bathroom] No.
My Future Self n' Me,Singer,"One of them's messy, the other one's clean! [Stan's future self turns off the light while Stan looks pissed off] Gettin' along isn't always easy, sometimes we disagree [Stan's future self brushes his teeth as Stan stands next to him, avoiding him. Future Stan spits his frothy toothpaste into the sink]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Quit it.
My Future Self n' Me,Singer,"But in the end we know we're good for each other [both Stans eat cereal, but the future Stan has trouble pouring milk into his bowl. It splashes out of the bowl along with some cereal. Stan just buries his face in his hands in frustration] Two peas in a pod, Future Self -n- MeFuture Self -n- Me, Future Self -n- [Now they have separate beds. Stan turns the light off and tries to sleep. Future Stan reaches over to turn it on. Stan moves to turn it off, and they fight over the switch until one of them sleeps] Me"
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Bus stop, next day. Stan arrives with future Stan."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Hey guys.
My Future Self n' Me,"Kyle, Cartman",Hey.
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"Whoa, Kyle and Cartman! It's so cool to see you guys."
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,Who's this asshole?
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,This is my future self. He came during the electrical storm last night and is caught in a time matrix. He's me when I'm 32.
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,Wow. That's pretty cool.
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,Then how does he know our names?
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,"'Cause, r-tard, he's Stan from the future. He knows everything Stan knows."
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,Ohhh. Wait. Stan becomes this douchebag?
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"Yeah, I spent a lot of my teenage years on a slow downward spiral experimenting with drugs and alcohol. [Cartman has a hearty laugh]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Shut up, Cartman!"
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,That is so awesome!! Thank you God! [bows deeply] Oh praise God!
My Future Self n' Me,Kyle,"Hey, what happens to me in the future?"
My Future Self n' Me,Future Stan,"Oh, I don't know. You guys stayed away from drugs, so you're okay. I just lost touch with you after I was sent to Juvi Hall in 2006."
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"[pats Stan on the back] Juvi Hall! [laughs heartily, then gloats] Stan's a loser! Stan's a loser! [laughs heartily]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,[under his breath] God-damnit!
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, after school, Garrison's classroom. Stan and Butters are seated next to each other, and there are no other kids around."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Thanks for staying after school and tutoring me, Butters."
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Uh well, sure thing, Stan. Eh, how come you care about schoolwork all of a sudden?"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"I told you, I can't stand my future self. I have to do whatever I can to not become a loser like him."
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Well, studying is the golden key to the imposing door of success."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,I just can't stand having my future self around all the time! It's driving me crazy! [gets off his seat and starts pacing the floor] Maybe if I get smarter I won't become him and I won't have to share my room!
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"I know what you mean. I hate having my future self around, too."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Yeah, it's like everything I do, he... [stops and then looks at Butters] Wait a minute, what'd you say?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"I said, I know how you feel. My life has gone completely downhill ever since my future self moved in. I hate him! All he ever wants to do is watch Becker. And that show is so stupid. [Stan is surprised by this account]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[after a moment] Dude, how long has your future self been around?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,Oh. I guess it's been about four months now.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Four months?? And you never told anybody that you were living with yourself from the future??
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,Nobody asked.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Where is he now?
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,Probably watching Becker.
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Butters' house, afternoon. A future Butters is watching TV and eating chips at the sofa."
My Future Self n' Me,Becker,My name is T. Becker. The T stand for Terrific. [laughs. Future Butters finds this quite funny. Stan and Butters enter the house to meet future Butters.]
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"See, here he is. Future Butters. Future self, this is my good friend,-"
My Future Self n' Me,Future Butters,Stan! Sure I remember you. Yep. Wearing that puff-ball hat like always.
My Future Self n' Me,Linda,"[walks in with a plate holding a glass of water and a bottle] Oh, hello boys. Future Butters, it's time to take your liver medicine."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Liver medicine?
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Yeah. My future self has a bad kidney from all the drinkin' he did in high school. [an air of determination appears] I need to learn to behave myself! [Stan crosses his arms and gets mad, then bolts for the door] Hey! Where are you going, Stan? [follows Stan out.]"
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Stan's house, moments later. Stan rushes into his room with Butters in tow."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Alright, where is that son-of-a-bitch's wallet?!"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Wha-, what are you lookin' for, huh Stan?"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Butters, don't you think it's a little bit of a coincidence that both your future self and my future self got caught in a mexterdexed time plane? [starts rifling through future Stan's clothes]"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Well we both got the same teacher for homeroom, too, but you didn't say anything then."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Here it is. [pulls out a wallet and reads the license. It's from the future, with LOSER printed in large letters on it and an expiration date of 10-19-2043] It has to be something eh... Wait, what's this? [pulls out a Motivation Corp. key card, expiring on 12/26/02] This expires in two thousand two. Why would he have this in his wallet?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,I don't follow.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[flips the card over to see the info on the other side] Three four five one Colfax Avenue. Come on, Butters. [heads out the door.]"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,[excitedly] Oh! Are we out for an adventure? [follows Stan out]
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Denver, night. A bus drives up to a curb on the seedy street, then takes off. Stan and Butters walk down the street."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Here it is. Motivation Corp. [the camera pans up to show the name of the building. Stan puts the card into the reader next to the door. The door opens and Stan heads in.]
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"[turns away. Stan stops right at the entrance] I don't think we're supposed to go in there, Stan. Maybe we should go adventurin' somewhere else."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[walks up to Butters] Butters, part of being on an adventure is you go places you're not supposed to go. [heads in]"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Oh. Well, you're good at adventurin', huh Stan? [follows Stan in and closes the door.]"
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Motivation Corp., interior. Stan and Butters look down a long hallway. Stan notices a window and looks in. Several workers are at their computers matching kids up with actors who are to portray their futures selves."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,What the hell is going on here?
My Future Self n' Me,A Voice,"It should take about a month to achieve the results you want. [Stan hears the voice and pulls Butters behind some bushes underneath the window. Stan peeks out over the bushes. The director appears with a couple ] Well, Mr. and Mrs. Brooks, I think you're going to be very pleased with the results."
My Future Self n' Me,Mr. Brooks,We sure hope so. We just don't know how to talk to our son about drugs.
My Future Self n' Me,Director,"Well now you won't have to! Ah, here he is. This is Josh Casher. He'll be playing the role of your future son."
My Future Self n' Me,Josh,"Nice to meet you, ""Mom and Dad."" [they all laugh heartily]"
My Future Self n' Me,Mrs. Brooks,"My goodness, he does look a little like Kevin."
My Future Self n' Me,Director,"Yes, and he knows all your family history and every detail of your house. And he's worked up quite a future for your son."
My Future Self n' Me,Josh,"I'm going to tell him that I dropped out of school and went to prison for eight years, where I was sodomized. In the ass."
My Future Self n' Me,Mrs. Brooks,"Woohoo, that should get Kevin to stay clear of drugs."
My Future Self n' Me,Mr. Brooks,"Heh it sure should, heh."
My Future Self n' Me,Director,"Alright, so we'll put the fake news report out on Tuesday night. Make sure your son is watching the Channel 4 News."
My Future Self n' Me,Mr. Brooks,"Oh, and that's when uh you'll fake the electrical storm as well?"
My Future Self n' Me,Director,Motivation Corp. takes care of everything. [hands out some stapled sheets of paper] Just follow these simple scripts when your actor arrives.
My Future Self n' Me,Mrs. Brooks,"[reads from her script] ""Listen to me, you crazy person, there's no way you can be from the future."" Oh this is going to be fun."
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Motivation Corp., interior. Stan hurries out of there with Butters close behind."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,I can't believe it! It's all a scam!
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Yeah, I can't believe it!"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,They've all been lying to us this whole time!
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"This whole time! I wonder if my future self knows anything about this? [thinks about this a minute. Stan lowers his eyelids to half-closed as he realizes Butters is still clueless] Hey, maybe my future self remembers this happening, a-and can shed some light on this subject."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[closes his eyes a bit, then] Butters, don't you get it?! Those assholes aren't our future selves! Our parents hired them to make us more motivated!"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Eh, but then why did they come back to the past."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"They didn't come back to the past, you dumbass, they're actors!"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,Oh... Oohhhh. [Stan rolls his eyes] But that's like they're lyin'.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"It is lying, Butters. Your parents lied to you and my parents lied to me! Get it!"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Ohhh, that makes me angry! Why, if Professor Chaos were here he'd make everyone pay!"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Who's that?
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"You know, Professor Chaos, bringer of destruction and disorder!"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,What?
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Follow me back home, Stan. It's time I let you in on a horrible s-secret! [heads off. This time, Stan follows]"
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Butters' house, later. An upper light is on. Butters leads Stan into his bedroom."
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Wait right here, Stan. I warn you: you may not like what you're about to see. [slides his closet door open, steps inside the closet, and slides the door shut]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,We have to teach our parents a lesson! Show them they can't just play with our emotions like that!
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,[jumps out of the closet and cackles] Now you know my terrible secret!
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"...You're gay? [Butters loses his moment] It's fine if you're gay, Butters. I don't care."
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Huh? Naw, I'm Professor Chaos, Stan."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"But we have to teach our parents a lesson, Butters! We're running away! Help me find the perfect place to run away to! [walks off]"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"[walks downtrodden to the mirror and looks at himself] Mm. Uhm, maybe I used a little too much silver."
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"Stan's room, next day. Stan and Butters are on the floor. Butters is reading the newspaper as Stan watches on."
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,How about this? Winter Park. It looks kinda nice.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"No, we gotta run away somewhere warm."
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Wow, look at this, Stan. [reads from the paper] ""Are you sick of your parents? Do you want revenge for something they've done to you? Call the Parental Revenge Center of Western America for a free con-sul-ta-tion. Results guaranteed."""
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[heading for the phone] Dude, I didn't know there was such a thing. [picks up the phone receiver and starts punching in the numbers]"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Hey look, somebody lost their cat."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Uh, hi, is this the Parental Revenge Center of Western America? [listens for the answer] Ah I'm really pissed off at my parents and I wanna impose swift and horrible revenge upon them?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Look, you can make your wiener bigger in just three weeks."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[still on the phone] Oh really? Oh, okay, uh where are you located, please? [listens and writes down the address] Great, uumm, can I come by tomorrow?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,This lady'll massage your wiener for ninety-five dollars. Well that's a pretty good deal.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Eleven o'clock is great. Thank you. [hangs up] That was easy! I just have to go to their office and they'll help me figure out how to get back at my parents!
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"[rises on his knees] Hah-hey, I wanna get revenge on my douchebag parents, too."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Fine, then you can come with me. [heads out the door]"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,"Hooray! [follows him out] And then we can make our wieners bigger, and have the lady massage them."
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,"South Park, commercial district. Stan and Butters run down the street and turn the corner into an alley. Stan checks the address."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,I guess this is it.
My Future Self n' Me,Scene Description,Parental Revenge Center of Western America. The headquarters are quite shabby. What looks like computers and monitors are just cardboard boxes with crude drawings on them. Stan and Butters enter. They look around as they approach the main desk.
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"Uh hello, we're here about the revenge on our parents?"
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"[an egg-shaped chair is seen, with its back to the boys] Yes, come in, please. [the chair turns around, and Cartman appears seated on it.]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Cartman??
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"Oh, Stan, Butters, I didn't know it was you guys."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,What the hell are you doing here?!
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"I'm running a business, Stan. Are you my eleven o'clock?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,You're the Parental Revenge Center of Western America??
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"God-damnit, I knew this was too good to be true! Come on, Butters, let's go. [both boys turn and walk towards the door]"
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"Eh, so, you don't want to make your parents suffer and pay for mistreating you, then? [Stan and Butters stop in their tracks] Look, ah, I don't know what your parents did to you, but if you're here, I take it they pissed you off pretty good. Maybe you should at least ...hear what I have to offer?"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,"[turns around] Oh, sorry. I thought this was a legitimate business!"
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"That it is, I assure you. I started this business over three months ago from the ground up. I've been helping children get back at their parents ever since."
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,How many parents have you exacted revenge upon?!
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"Craig's. a-and Clyde's. Oh and and Kyle's, but that was a freebie. Look, I run a legitimate business here with state-of-the-art computers, charts, and technology. Look around you. I know how it feels to be really, really pissed off at your parents. And I will work hard, for you. [Stan and Butters think a moment, then take seats before Cartman]"
My Future Self n' Me,Stan,Our moms and dads lied to us about those future selves! It was just a trick to get us to not wanna try drugs or alcohol.
My Future Self n' Me,Cartman,"[lets out a heavy sigh] God-damnit! See? This is exactly why I started this business. If a parent can't respect their child, than who can they respect, huh?"
My Future Self n' Me,Butters,Yeah!
