Freak Strike,Maury,"Because you're such a brave little chinballed man, we're gonna send you directly from this studio to the world's largest putt-putt golf course in the world!"
Freak Strike,Butters,Oh really?
Freak Strike,Kyle,Wow!
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Did he say ""the... largest putt-putt golf course in the world""?"
Freak Strike,Maury,"Go on, you're going right now!! [Butters hops off and walks away happily]"
Freak Strike,Stan,"But, that's not fair! That means Butters gets to go and we don't!"
Freak Strike,Kyle,Yeah! We thought of the whole thing!
Freak Strike,Cartman,Euh! Once again Butters is tryin' to screw us over! That asshole!
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, later that day. Cartman is on the phone."
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Hello, is this the Maury Povich show? [beat] Yes, I'm calling because I saw your television program, and I also have balls hanging from my chin. [strokes his ""balls""] I'd like to come in and talk about my disorder and perhaps get a free trip to the largest putt-putt golf course in the world?"
Freak Strike,Operator,"[just painted the fingernails on her right hand and is having them dry] I'm sorry, but we're done doing freak shows for now. We're looking for people for a new topic."
Freak Strike,Cartman,What's the new topic?
Freak Strike,Operator,Please help my out-of-control child.
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Oh. Hey, I'm out of control!"
Freak Strike,Operator,Really? [pulls out a notepad and starts taking notes] Is your mother in tears every day over how disobedient you are?
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Uh, sure!"
Freak Strike,Operator,Does she worry about you doing drugs and having sex at such a young age?
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Ehyeah, sure. Ah I do crack and potpourri, and queazies."
Freak Strike,Operator,"Well that's great! If you can get your mom to come in with you, we'd love to fly you out."
Freak Strike,Cartman,"[stunned] ...my, my mom?"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Cartman's home, kitchen. His mom is humming and preparing gingerbread men for baking. Cartman enters with his hands clasped behind his back."
Freak Strike,Cartman,Mmoooomm?
Freak Strike,Liane,"Yes, sweetie?"
Freak Strike,Cartman,Could you do me a favor?
Freak Strike,Liane,"What's that, my little man?"
Freak Strike,Cartman,Could you um... go on the Maury Povich show with me and say that I'm out of control and do drugs and have sex so that I can go to the largest putt-putt golf course in the wwoooorrlldd?
Freak Strike,Liane,"Hmmm. but you're not out of control, muffin. You're my perfect little gum drop."
Freak Strike,Cartman,"I'm just asking you to lie for me. You love me, don't you?"
Freak Strike,Liane,Of course I do.
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Oh, I have such a pretty mother. Such a wonderful mother."
Freak Strike,Liane,"Sweetie, don't."
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Then it's settled. Oh, I have such a great mother. [turns around and walks out] Such a beautiful mother."
Freak Strike,Scene Description,Butters' house. He's back from New York and his parents have apparently heard about the show. Stephen has his arms folded in front of him.
Freak Strike,Linda,"Just what did you think you were doing, Butters? Not only did you lie to us and say you were on a camping trip with Kyle's family, you made a fool of yourself AND us on national television!"
Freak Strike,Butters,"[still wearing his balls, looking hurt] Oh I'm sorry, mom."
Freak Strike,Stephen,"Well, sorry isn't gonna make it this time, mister! You know, your grandmother saw the show and had a mild stroke!"
Freak Strike,Butters,"Aw jeez, ah I didn't mean to almost kill Grandma. I promise I'll never go on TV with balls on my chin again."
Freak Strike,Stephen,"Ugh! You'd better believe you won't, buster!"
Freak Strike,Linda,"Your father and I have to leave now to visit Grandma in the hospital, but you can just take those balls off your chin and march right up to your room!"
Freak Strike,Butters,"[with voice trembling, turns around] Yes ma'am. [removes his balls]"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,Butters' room. He's pacing the floor mad at himself.
Freak Strike,Butters,"Serves me right! Puttin' balls on my chin and lyin' about it. Why I, I should be grounded for a month! Why do I do these things? Why can't I behave myself? [his phone rings. Butters goes for the receiver]"
Freak Strike,Stan,"[on the other end] Hey Butters, those other freak people from the show were just over here looking for you?"
Freak Strike,Butters,Oh Jesus! They were??
Freak Strike,Stan,"Yeah, they wanted to find you bad."
Freak Strike,Butters,"Well Oh, God! W-whatdya tell him?"
Freak Strike,Stan,I- told them where to find you.
Freak Strike,Butters,What?? W-why the heck would you do that. Wuh they wanna kill me for not bein' a real freak!
Freak Strike,Stan,"Oh. Well, serves you right for screwing us over. [hangs up. Butters looks helpless, then walks to the window to see if the freaks are coming. They are indeed]"
Freak Strike,Butters,"Oh Jesus no. [hops off his dresser and walks away from the window] They've come to boil me alive! Uh just like Lobster Boy! Ah, I've gotta get outta here! [reaches his bedroom door, but turns around] Wait! I can't go anywhere. I'm grounded. Oh Christ, what a pickle! [the doorbell rings.]"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Butters' house, out front. A scream is heard and the freaks look around."
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,Napoleon? [the disfigured country singer goes for the knob and opens the door.]
Freak Strike,Disfigured country singer,"Napoleon Bonaparte? [leads the other freaks in. Butters quickly prepares his false scrotum...] I think he's up here. [opens the door, and Butters grins back at them with one hand on the dresser and a suave pose. His balls are back in place]"
Freak Strike,Butters,"Oh, hello, folks. Uh what's the problem?"
Freak Strike,Disfigured country singer,"There you are, Boy With Balls On His Chin."
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,We've got big news! The union is striking.
Freak Strike,Butters,"[relaxes] The union? Oh, that's why you came?"
Freak Strike,Disfigured country singer,"We're tired of our crappy prizes! So the union president, Man with Terrible Skin Condition, has told us to round everyone up."
Freak Strike,Butters,"Uh uh I can't freak strike, fellas. Ah-, I'm grounded."
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,Grounded for what?
Freak Strike,Butters,"For havin' balls on my- AH! Ah, I mean, nothin'. [strikes the pose again] Ah I'm not grounded."
Freak Strike,Man with no face,"Good, then you can march with us. Freaks of the world,"
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Unite! [Butters looks at them]
Freak Strike,Scene Description,Maury Povich show.
Freak Strike,Announcer,"Today on Maury Povich: These moms [three are shown. Only Liane grins] don't know what to do with their out-of-control kids! [a fat blonde girl is shown, then Cartman's school picture] Young boys and girls so whorish on our show that it borders on child pornography!"
Freak Strike,Maury,[on his stool] We're here talking with moms who think their children are out of control. [the woman next to him blows her nose] Vanessa here says that her thirteen-year-old daughter Vanity is already doing drugs and having sex with older men. [Vanessa begins to bawl]
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Ooohhhhhhhh.
Freak Strike,Maury,"Vanessa, what does Vanity say to you when you tell her toooo... do her homework."
Freak Strike,Vanessa,"[sobbing] She says she hates me. She, she calls me ""retard""? And, she says my cooch is all dried up and nobody wants it. [sobs some more]"
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Aawwwwww. [music starts up]
Freak Strike,Maury,"Well, let's bring her out. Here's Vanity! [she steps out and the awws turn into boos]"
Freak Strike,Vanity,"Wha'evah, wha'evah! You fuckin' cocksuckers don't know shit! Fuck you! [moons the audience, and an OOPS! bubble appears over the area. Vanity then walks up to her mom and slaps her hard across the face. Vanessa winces in pain]"
Freak Strike,Maury,"Wow, Vanity, you are really an out of control teen."
Freak Strike,Some audience members,"Yeah! [the rest cheer, then a chant rises from the din] Maury! Maury!"
Freak Strike,Vanity,"Wha'evah! Maury, my mom don't know shit! You could aks her! I aks her all my homies that they be down wit it. You know, it's all good shit. [the audience boos and she holds up her middle fingers, which are blurred] Fuck you, cocksuckuhs!"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,Green room. Cartman and his mom watch the show in there.
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Jeez, that girl is pissed off."
Freak Strike,Stagehand,"[enters] Okay, Cartman family, you're on in two minutes. [leaves]"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,On stage.
Freak Strike,Vanessa,[weeping] Why can't you just listen to me and love me [Vanity slaps her] Ow!
Freak Strike,Vanity,"Shu' up! Shut the fuck [slap] up, you dried-up skank! [slap. Vanessa weeps again]"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,Green room. Cartman and his mom watch the show in there.
Freak Strike,Liane,"I'm glad you're not like that, poopsie-kins."
Freak Strike,Cartman,"[under his breath] But if I'm not the most out-of-control teen, I might not win the prize. [leaves the room and finds the stagehand] Excuse me, I wanna make a quick change. Where's wardrobe?"
Freak Strike,Stagehand,Second door on the right.
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Outside the building, the freaks have gathered and are now on strike - ""FREAK OUT 2K2""."
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Strike! Strike! Strike! Strike! Strike! Strike! Strike!
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,"Brothers and sisters, the time has come for us to be treated with the respect we deserve! We are a strong and diverse group of people, with members like [shown] Woman with Crablike Body, [shown] Incredibly Obese Black Person, [shown] Man with Brains Outside of Head, and [shown] Liza Minnelli. The talk shows have us on and give us little gifts and perks while they make tens of thousands of dollars."
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Yeah!
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,"We told the talk shows our demands, and they laughed! They say they can get plenty of other stupid guests to go on their shows! So we must picket those other guests!"
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Yeah!
Freak Strike,Butters,"Well, gush, ah, I need to go. I can't picket, guys."
Freak Strike,Hammerhead Man,You're not gonna picket?
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,Who's not gonna picket? [the crowd parts and all hands point to Butters]
Freak Strike,Disfigured country singer,Boy with Balls on Chin doesn't wanna picket. [lowers his left arm]
Freak Strike,Butters,Well it's just that my parents are... I can't picket!
Freak Strike,Man with no limbs,"[emerges from the crowd] Why? You're not a SCAB, are you?"
Freak Strike,Butters,NO I I'm not a scab.
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,"Now, we will split up into groups and form picket lines. The first group will be led by: Incredibly Obese Black Man."
Freak Strike,Incredibly obese black man,"Excuse me, I'm not Incredibly Obese Black Man, I'm Incredibly Black Obese Man."
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,"[looks at Incredibly Black Obese Man, then says flatly] ...Oh, right. My bad."
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Maury Povich show, back to out-of-control-child segment."
Freak Strike,Announcer,"And now, back to more kids who are out of control, on the Maury Povich show!"
Freak Strike,Maury,Our next mother is Liane Cartman. Her son claims to be the most out-of-control kid in the world and says there's nothing his stupid mom can do about it.
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Awww.
Freak Strike,Vanessa,Why won't you kids behave? [Vanity stands and smacks her across the face]
Freak Strike,Vanity,"[shakes her mom around by the neck] Shut up, skank, he's not talkin' to you! [slaps her again and sits down]"
Freak Strike,Maury,"So, Ms. Cartman, you can't control your child?"
Freak Strike,Liane,"Oh, my little poopsie-kins gets into no-nos once in a while, but he's still my perfect little plumsy-kiddle."
Freak Strike,Maury,"Well, your son made a video backstage. Let's take a look. [a video starts up with Cartman dolled up as a slut moving around to hip-hop music]"
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Maury, I am out of control. Yeah, I use drugs. I can do what I waunt, bitch! Yeah I have sex, and I don't use protection! It's my hot body; I'll do what I waunt! [brings out a lollipop] I don't go to school and I kill people! What-evah! I'll do what I waunt!"
Freak Strike,Studio audience,"[gasps, then] BOOOO!!"
Freak Strike,Liane,"Oh, he's such a cutie."
Freak Strike,Maury,"Well, let's bring him out. Here's Eric Cartman! [steps out from behind the curtain and immediately gives the finger to the audience]"
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Wha'evah! Wha'evah! [walks up to a seat next to his mom's and sits there] Maury, my mom can't control me, I'm tough! Go on, aks hurh!"
Freak Strike,Maury,"Ms. Cartman, what does your son like to do?"
Freak Strike,Liane,"Ooo, he loves playing with his Clyde Frog and Wellington Bear."
Freak Strike,Cartman,"[under his breath] Mom, we're pretending, remember? Sex and drugs."
Freak Strike,Liane,"Oh, I mean, sex and drugs."
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Oooohhh!
Freak Strike,Cartman,[hops off his chair and tries the audience] What-evah! What-evah! [snaps his left-hand fingers back and forth] I'll do what I waunt!
Freak Strike,Vanity,"Oh, what-evah. You ain't tough, ho! I roam with gangs!"
Freak Strike,Cartman,Oh yeah?! I roam with twelve gangs! And we only commit hate crimes! What-evah! I'll do what I waunt! [sits back down]
Freak Strike,Vanity,What Evah! You ain't bad! You ain't nothin'! I ditch class and go shoot heroin in the school bathroom!
Freak Strike,Cartman,"What-evah! I ran for Congress and won. Then I had sex with an intern, killed her, and hid her body! What-evah, I'll do what I waunt!"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Outside the building, the freaks have gathered and are now on strike - ""FREAK OUT 2K2""."
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,What do we want?
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Better prizes!
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,When do we want them?
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Now!
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,What do we want?
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Better prizes!
Freak Strike,Butters,[muttering along] Better prizes.
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,When do we want them?
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Now!
Freak Strike,Butters,"Never. [approached the Man with Terrible Skin Condition] Sir, I really gotta go home. My parents are gonna be sore at me."
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,"Napoleon, you need to understand something: for a union to work all members must be prepared to make sacrifices and stick together."
Freak Strike,Butters,But I gotta get back to my family.
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,"[drops his sign and drops on one knee next to Butters] We're you family too, Napoleon. We're like you. When we look at you we don't even see the testicles on your chin. We see the testicles in your heart. [back to the freaks] What do we want?"
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Better prizes!
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,When do we want them?
Freak Strike,The Freaks,Now!
Freak Strike,Butters,"Aw. hamburgers, this just keeps on gettin' worse. [joins the others in the strike. Several police cruisers pull up and police pour out of them]"
Freak Strike,Police captain,"Okay folks, we're gonna have to move along."
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,Why? We're a union and we have a right to picket.
Freak Strike,Police captain,"I'm sorry, but the government does not recognize you as a union. You'll have to go."
Freak Strike,Middle Dwarf,What are you saying? That because of our appearance our organization is less important?
Freak Strike,Police captain,"Now now now, I'm not telling you people that your union doesn't matter, I'm just telling you that you're not really... people."
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,"...Alright, that does it! It's time to bring out the big guns! Prepare the video sabotage!"
Freak Strike,Butters,"Oh no, not the video sabotage, uh."
Freak Strike,Scene Description,"Maury Povich show, back to out-of-control-child segment."
Freak Strike,Announcer,Who is the most out of controlled child? We're back with Maury.
Freak Strike,Maury,"We're here, talking with moms who think their children are out of control."
Freak Strike,Vanity,What evah!
Freak Strike,Cartman,I slaughtered five baby seals with my bare hands. What-evah! I'll do what I waunt!
Freak Strike,Maury,"[walks to the third woman on the panel] Now let's meet Joline. Joline says that her daughter is also out of control, that she's flirting with older men, and, she's only four months old."
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Aawwww.
Freak Strike,Joline,"Mmhmm, that's right Maurih."
Freak Strike,Maury,"Let's bring her out: here's Chantal! [Chantal crawls out amid audience boos. The camera focuses on her diaper. Chantal reaches Joline, who picks her up and sits her on the chair next to hers] So Joline, exactly how is your daughter out of control? You say she flirts with older men? [Chantal plays with her rattle]"
Freak Strike,Joline,"Maurih, it's like this: Whenever I have friends over to the house Chantal will come waltzin' in the livin' room completely naked!"
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Ooohhh!
Freak Strike,Vanity,Whatevah. I helped in a drive-by shooting.
Freak Strike,Cartman,What-evah. I digitally put Jabba the Hutt back into the original Star Wars movie! I'll do what I waunt!
Freak Strike,Maury,"Wow, that is out of control!"
Freak Strike,Joline,"Why, just last night I had three gentlemen callers over to my house, and Chantal took her clothes off right in front o' everybody!"
Freak Strike,Studio audience,Boooo! [Chantal drops down and starts wiggling.]
Freak Strike,Joline,"You see? [Her diaper drops, then her top.] There she goes. There she goes. [Chantal shows her butt to the audience] OH! YOU GOD-DAMNED WHORE!"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,The screen behind them sputters and changes. The Maury Povich logo disappears.
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,[appearing] Attention Maury viewers.
Freak Strike,Maury,What the hell is this? [another image replaces the one of Man with Foot on Head]
Freak Strike,Elephant man,"A lot of decent hard-working freaks in America are losing their talk-show jobs to freaks of a different nature. Sure, everyone in this great country of ours is a freak, but true, physically deformed freaks must be recognized, for it's these real freaks that make you all feel better about yourselves for not being one. So next time you're watching television, make sure it's a show with ""freak"" freaks, and not just with people that are freaks because they're stupid trailer trash from the South. That's what we mean when we say, ""Look for the True Freak label"" [his image fades to that of the True Freak label]"
Freak Strike,Butters and the Freaks,"[Butters sits atop a True Freak label box and starts off] Look for the True Freak label [four freaks join in] When you are watching a TV talk show [a side shot of more freaks streaming their way to the box] Remember somewhere, [a shot of the audience] our union's growing [a front shot of the freaks walking in] Our wages going to feed the kids. [a front shot of more freaks walking in] And run the house- We work hard, but who's complaining? [a zoom-out shot as the freaks crowd in around Butters] With TFU we're making our way! [a pan shot] So always look for the True Freak label, [a full crowd shot] Because you need us right here in the U.S.A.! [the Maury Povich logo is restored]"
Freak Strike,Maury,"Ah, sorry America, a little glitch there, heh. Anyway-"
Freak Strike,Man,"They're right. We should have never crossed that picket line. Come on, honey. [takes her hand and leads her out. Other audience members begin to grouse and leave]"
Freak Strike,Maury,"[pleading] Wait! Come back, uh-... Maybe we can make the other out-of-control kids take... their clothes off, too!"
Freak Strike,Cartman,[hops off his chair and steps forward] Whatevah! I'll crap in Maury's pants! [more audience members leave]
Freak Strike,Cameraman,"Sir, the ratings have just started to plummet."
Freak Strike,Maury,"Ah, those damned freaks! [throws his microphone against the back wall and heads for the exit]"
Freak Strike,Scene Description,Outside the Maury Povich studio. A door opens and Maury steps out. The freaks stop and wait.
Freak Strike,Maury,I gave you shoes! And groceries! And this is how you repay me?! [the freaks simply look back at him] Very well. Just come upstairs and... we'll negotiate! [goes in and slams the door shut. A few seconds later the freaks cheer their victory]
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,We did it! The strike worked!
Freak Strike,Man with terrible skin condition,Now we can go on with our careers!
Freak Strike,Butters,"Whoa, thank God that's over. Now I can get back home. [drops his sign and moves off. An angry Cartman catches up to him]"
Freak Strike,Cartman,"Butters, you have screwed me out of a prize for the last time! [rips the balls off Butters' chin. The freaks react immediately and fall silent]"
Freak Strike,Butters,Oh. Double hamburgers.
Freak Strike,Man with foot on head,Jesus Christ! That out-of-control kid ripped poor Napoleon's balls right off!
Freak Strike,Incredibly obese black man,Get him!
Freak Strike,Cartman,Aaahh! [three freaks trail behind with a boiling pot of water]
Freak Strike,Incredibly obese black man,"Get him! Get him! [the freaks charge at Cartman, who runs off in fear]"
Freak Strike,Butters,Hey. Things actually turned out... okay for me this time. [a taxicab pulls up and screeches to a halt]
Freak Strike,Stephen,[quickly exits the cab with Linda] Butters!
Freak Strike,Butters,[anticipating] Oh I know.
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"A ranch, day. A rancher stands next to his cow corral as the South Park Elementary bus drives up. The bus stops and Ms. Choksondik steps off."
Fun with Veal,Ms. Choksondik,"Okay children, step off the bus and form a group next to the nice redneck - I mean, rancher."
Fun with Veal,Rancher,"Hello, boys and girls. My name is Rancher Bob."
Fun with Veal,Ms. Choksondik,Let's all say hello to Rancher Bob.
Fun with Veal,Kids,"Hi, Rancher Bob."
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,I'm pleased to show you all the wonderful world of beef. Follow me.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,[to Stan] City kids get to go to museums for field trips. We get cow farms.
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Now, out here you can see our cattle. This is where the magic begins as the cows eat and sleep and prepare for certain death. [a shot of the cows looking back at the class.]"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,They look so delicious. [Kyle looks at him]
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"[leading the class down a line of cows] Now here we have the slaughterhouse. This is where we turn the cows into steaks and burgers. [a cow moos and a guillotine comes down, chopping its head off.]"
Fun with Veal,Kids,Eewwww!!
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Aw, dude. [Two workers come and carry the cow's body away, leaving the head behind. Rancher Bob reaches down for a skinned leg and holds it up]"
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Hey, anybody want a free sample?"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,[raises his arm up with glee] Memememee!
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"[now standing next to a darkened doorway] And in here, boys and girls, we have our... [flips on a switch, illuminating the room beyond.] veal ranch. [the class looks at the baby calves in the room. A closeup changes the music from spritely to somber. A shot of the class, with some kids showing some dread. Bob walks over to a calf and kneels by it] You see, with veal the whole key is keepin' the cows chained so they can't walk around or get any exercise. That way, their muscle tissue stays soft, and makes for tender veal."
Fun with Veal,Stan,Wait a minute. Veal is... little baby cows??
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,Yeppir.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Then why the hell do they call it ""veal""??"
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Well, if we called it ""little baby cow"" people might not eat it."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Yeah, I wouldn't have."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Huh, me neither."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Oh, man, look at that one! [moves towards the calves] It looks delicious."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,What??
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Mm, succulent and juicy. [reaches the calf he was eyeing] Can we have a free sample of these, too?"
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Well, no, but all these veals are goin' to the slaughterhouse tomorrow mornin'. They'll be steaks by tomorrow afternoon and then you can buy them at your grocery store."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Alriiight!
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Tomorrow morning? [a shot of the calves has Stan, Kyle, and Butters transfixed. The rest of the class leaves] Dude, we gotta help them."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Yeah.
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. A light is on in the living room. Cartman is asleep in his bed. Butters, Stan and Kyle climb up to his window."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[knocks twice on the wall below the window] Pst, Cartman."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[responding to a dream] No, Uncle Jesse, no!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[knocks twice while saying] Cartman, wake up!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,[wakes up and sees his friends] What? What the hell are you guys doing??
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"[opening the window] Come on, we've gotta go!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Where are we going?
Fun with Veal,Stan,"We're gonna go to save the little baby cows, fatass!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,What? Why?
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"'Cause they're gonna get slaughtered tomorrow, butthole!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,So?
Fun with Veal,Stan,"So we can't let 'em die, douchebag! You're our friend; now come help us!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Well, lessee, in the last three point two seconds you've called me ""fatass"", ""butthole"", and ""douchebag"". I really don't feel like you guys's friend. [lies back down and closes his eyes]"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"We're sorry, you are our friend. We need you to help us because friends stick together."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Uh-wait. I thought... yoyou said we needed him because he has the ""Mission Impossible Breaking and Entering Playset."""
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[heaves softly] Damnit Butters, will you shut up?!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,[sits up] Oho! So you need me and my Mission Impossible Breaking and Entering Playset!
Fun with Veal,Stan,[plainly] Yes we do. We're those little baby cows' only hope. Will you help us?
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Yes. Yes I will. If Kyle will kiss my black ass. [turns his ass to Kyle, lowers his pants and underwear, and waits]"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,What?!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Just give it a little kiss and I'll help.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Screw you, Cartman!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Hokay, but if you want my help you have to give it just a little kiss. [softly] Kiss it."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Go on, dude it's the only way."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,No!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Kiss it. Come on. [gruffly] Kiss it.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Just do it really fast, and we can go."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Have Butters kiss it.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"No, it has to be Kyle. [turns away. Kyle resists for a few moments, then slowly moves his face towards Cartman's ass through the window. Kyle finally reaches the ass and Cartman unleashes a juicy fart. Kyle withdraws in fits and starts]"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Awww! [wipes off his face and then waves away the smell]
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[laughs uproariously] Oh man, that was soho awesome!"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Sick! I felt it on my face!
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Okay, very funny Cartman, now come on!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Hell, I'm not goin' with you! [lies back down and closes his eyes again]"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,HYAAAAA! [lunges at Cartman and starts hitting him]
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Heeeey! [rolls off the bed and the wrestling continues]
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Rancher Bob's ranch, night. The boys are walking on the roof of the veal ranch. They stop, and Stan opens the playset to put on the costume and harness."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Oh I don't know about this, fellas. It says right here on the Mission Impossible Breaking and Entering playset: ""Not for actual breaking and entering. B-breaking and entering is a cr-riime."""
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Yeah, well killing little helpless baby cows should be a crime, too! [holds up parts of a torch] How does this thing work, Cartman?"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[heaves and takes the torch from Stan] Jesus, don't you guys have any toys? First you put on the black ski mask [hands it to Stan] and use the torch to cut a hole in the roof. [opens the gas valve and lights the gas stream. A blue flame shoots out and the other boys jump back.]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"The hole is created, and Stan, now dressed in black and in harness, is lowered into the ranch. He stops just short of the ground."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[softly into his headset] Okay, that's far enough. I'm going to go delta."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,[peers down. Butters and Kyle join him] You have to talk louder. I forgot the double-A batteries for the SuperTalk play-action headset.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[looks up and calls out] I said that's far enough! [the harness drops to the floor. He gets up and unlocks himself out of the harness, and it goes back up. A calf looks back at him innocently. Stan moves up behind the calf, the softly] Don't be scared, little baby cow. We're here to set you loose. [removes the chain] There you go. You're free. Run away! [the calf doesn't move, and Stan gestures] Go! They're gonna murder you."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Stan, could you hurry it up? I'm freezing my ass off."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,You need to freeze some of your ass off.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"O! At least I have an ass, Jew!"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"What? [below, Stan removes the chains from the remaining calves]"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Come on, you stupid baby cows! [walks towards the door and lifts up the security bar, then opens the door] You have to get out of here. [they just lift their heads and look at the entrance. The other boys join Stan inside the veal ranch]"
Fun with Veal,Butters,Huuh what's the matter?
Fun with Veal,Stan,They aren't leaving.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,See? Maybe they want to become sweet juicy veal steaks.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Hey. They've never been allowed to walk before. They just don't know how.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Oh yeah, they're too weak to move. [a shot of the calves again] Well, we've gotta get 'em out of here. We'll just keep them at Butters' house until they can get their strength back."
Fun with Veal,Butters,No no no no no! I can't bring cows into my house. I'll get grounded.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Okay, fine Butters! I guess you're not a team player! We'll bring them to my house."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Dude! How are we gonna move twenty three calves to your house?
Fun with Veal,Stan,I don't know.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"I've got it. We could kill Butters, and then float the calves on a river of blood."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Don't be stupid, Cartman! Butters doesn't have that much blood in him!"
Fun with Veal,Butters,Eh yeah I do too!
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[moves towards the calves] We're just gonna have to carry them one by one. [lifts up his first calf] Come on, you guys. [Kyle and Butters look at each other, then move to join Stan]"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Eh! [follows]
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"The boys are shown walking down an icy road, each carrying a calf... except... one calf is sliding across the ice, then stops. Cartman appears to follow it, but he approaches it and stands next to it."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Check it out, you guys. I'm calf-curling. [pushes the calf further across the ice]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. The boys and the calves are in Stan's room. Three of the boys are there with the calves."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Man, these calves smell like crap! I don't see how you're gonna hide them from your mom much longer."
Fun with Veal,Stan,We won't have to. Butters said he had something in his house that makes baby cows strong again. He's bringing it over.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Butters had that at his house?
Fun with Veal,Butters,[enters carrying a box] Hey fellas!
Fun with Veal,Stan,Butters! [Butters turns] Did you bring it?
Fun with Veal,Butters,I sure did. We'll have those poor baby cows in shape in no time!
Fun with Veal,Kyle,All right!
Fun with Veal,Butters,"[reads the box] ""Susanne Sommers' Calf Exerciser."""
Fun with Veal,Stan,What?
Fun with Veal,Butters,"""Makes your calves stronger in just - two days!"""
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Oh, God-damnit! That's your plan?"
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Eh, you think it's a gimmick? Susanne promises right on the box that it works."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, front door, moments later. Rancher Bob and Officer Barbrady are at the front door. Barbrady knocks. Sharon opens the door and Rancher Bob tips his hat to her."
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,"Hello, Mrs. Marsh."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,Officer Barbrady. What can I do for you?
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,"Well, we've got a little problem. Gent here caught your boy and his friends trespassing on his ranch. They stole some of his property."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,Stole? A-a-are you sure? [Randy and Shelly appear next to her]
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"I followed a calf-curling trail right to your house, ma'am."
Fun with Veal,Shelly,"Ooo, Stan's in trouble. Let me kick his ass, Mom."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Not now - my son is not a thief. I'm sure this is just some kind of a misunderstanding. [she leads the others upstairs to Stan's room.] Stanley, did you see-? [she's stunned at what she sees]"
Fun with Veal,Stan,Aw crap!
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Stanley, what are you doing with those calves?"
Fun with Veal,Stan,[points an accusing finger at Rancher Bob and approaches] That asshole is gonna kill them and feed them to people!
Fun with Veal,Randy,"Stanley, they belong to him."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"They don't belong to anybody! Please Mom, we don't want these calves to die."
Fun with Veal,Shelly,"[smacks her fist] Let me hit him, Mom!"
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Stanley, this isn't up for discussion. The rancher is gonna take his cows back and [points at him] you don't have a choice! [Stan looks dejected, then defiant. He closes his door and locks himself in with Cartman, Butters and Kyle. Sharon then pounds on the door and tries to open it] Stanley! Stanley, you open this door right now or you're gonna get it!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,No!
Fun with Veal,Randy,"Stan, you're behaving like a kid!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,You're the ones who made me eat veal without telling me what it was! You're the ones who knew we were making little baby animals suffer! [walks off to his right]
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Open this door, now!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,[pushing his dresser into place against the door] Kiss my ass!
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Oh Jeez, he said ""ass"" to his parents."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"You're getting in pretty deep, dude. [Stan glares back with a look of determination]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room. The adults have gone back downstairs."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"I apologize for this, Mr. Rancher Person."
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Oh, why, why don't you just tell them that the cows will be safe? And when they come out I can take them back."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"I can't lie to my son, okay? If I betrayed him like that, I'd pay for it the rest of my life."
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Well that's just too bad. Look it, that's eight hundred dollars' worth of veal up there and I have to ship it out Friday. [nudges Barbrady on the shoulder] What are you goin' to do, Officer Barbrady?"
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,Me?? How did I get into this mess?
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,Stan's room. Stan paces the floor.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,So what happens now?
Fun with Veal,Stan,"I'm gonna lock myself in here with these cows until we have a guarantee of their safety, in writing."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"We're with you, dude."
Fun with Veal,Butters,Yeah.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[serious] Don't be so sure. Because I'm gonna tell you: this is gonna get ugly. Real ugly. When all is said and done you could all be looking at being grounded for three, perhaps even four weeks. So if any of you guys want out, just say the word now."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,I want out.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[glares] Shut up, Cartman."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"We're with you, Stan."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Hey y-yeah. W-w-we can't let those little baby cows down. Why, they've got no one else to turn to."
Fun with Veal,Stan,Then it's settled. One for all and all for one! Except Cartman.
Fun with Veal,"Kyle, Butters",Yeah!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Yeah! Wait-what?
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room, night. Kyle's parents and Butters' parents have joined the other adults."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"And so that's the situation. Our boys have locked themselves in Stan's room until we can promise them the calves will live free, in writing."
Fun with Veal,Sheila,"Well, this is ridiculous! I don't know how you raise your kids, but my son does not play negotiator with me!"
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Well excuse me, Sheila, but it wasn't that simple!"
Fun with Veal,Sheila,"HA! Give me fifteen seconds with Kyle and I'll have that door open! [the adults leave the living room and go up the stairs, stopping at Stan's door] Kyle?! [pounds on the door] This is your mother! You will open this door right now!"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,[pause] ...No I won't.
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"[gets to retort] Yes, I see what you mean, Sheila. [Sheila looks at her] That was very impressive."
Fun with Veal,Sheila,"[turns back to the door] Kyle, if you don't do as you're told, I'm going to be very angry!"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Well you made me eat veal and didn't tell me what it was. So go ahead and be angry, you baby calf-killing bitch!"
Fun with Veal,Sharon,[folds her arms] Very persuasive.
Fun with Veal,Sheila,[starts pounding away furiously at the door] AAAAA! Open this door!! Open this door!!
Fun with Veal,Stephen,"[calms Sheila down and takes over] Whoa-ho-ho, let, let me try. [faces the door] Butters? [slight zoom-in on Butters] Butters, this is your father."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"[to the boys] Oh, sweet Jesus. Uh, what do I do?"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Be strong, Butters. You knew it would come to this."
Fun with Veal,Stephen,Butters? Answer me!
Fun with Veal,Butters,[to the boys] But they-ah they're angry at me.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Don't panic. I'll tell you what to say. [begins to whisper in Butters' ear] You can tell them...
Fun with Veal,Stephen,Butters! Right now!
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Dad, uh, why don't you suck my fat one?"
Fun with Veal,Stephen,WHAT?!
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Oh, sweet Jesus."
Fun with Veal,Stephen,[turns to the other adults] What's gotten into them?
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Alright, Stanley, this has gone on long enough! Your little game is over!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"This isn't a game, Mom. We're not coming out until we know the calves will be safe."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,Well that's fine! You boys can just stay in there and starve to death. Us parents are going to go to Pizza Shack and have pepperoni pizzas and ice cream.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[weakening] Oh, God-damnit you guys."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Cartman, stay away from that door!"
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"You'll have to come out sooner or later, boys. The longer you wait, the more trouble you'll be in. [the adults walk away, but Sheila stops and turns back to the door.]"
Fun with Veal,Sheila,[pounds on the door once more] Mmmrragh!!
Fun with Veal,Stan,[sighs] Round one is over. We made it. [the boys gather in]
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"We didn't make it! Your mother's right, douchebag! What are we gonna do? Stand here until we starve?!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Our parents would never let us starve. They're bluffing. This is a battle of wills. If we hold out long enough, they'll give in."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"But we will have to sleep, dude."
Fun with Veal,Stan,Three of us can sleep while one keeps watch. We'll shift every couple of hours.
Fun with Veal,Butters,"[finding a way to relate] Hehey! This is gonna be just like Vietnam, huh fellas! Whoopie!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"We'll stay in this room with these baby cows for as long as it takes! [one calf takes a dump on the carpet, another walks up and takes a piss on it]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room, after dinner. The women wait at the sofa while the men try to remove the door with tools. Liane is now present as Sheila crosses her arms and pats her left shoulder with her right hand. Moments later, the men come down the stairs."
Fun with Veal,Randy,Well we tried everything. We can't get through the door without tearing apart the house.
Fun with Veal,Sheila,"Dear God, it's been over thirteen hours!"
Fun with Veal,Liane,"Oh, but my poor little poopsie must be getting so hungry. Maybe we should get them a little food."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Ms. Cartman, this is a battle of wills. We need our boys to know that we're not gonna cave in, at all."
Fun with Veal,Liane,"Oh, all right."
Fun with Veal,Sheila,Let's all just go to bed and let them play their little game for as long as they can.
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. From outside, his room is the only one lit. Inside, Cartman, Kyle and Butters are in his bed while Stan sits at his desk."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Good night, fellas!"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Good night.
Fun with Veal,Butters,"[to the calves] Good night, Patches. Good night, Halloway. Good night, Neptune. Good night, Davis. Good night, Bud. Good night, Red. Good night, Paulette. Good night, Chastity."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Butters, I'm going to kill you over and over again."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's room, fade to day. Hour 29. The boys are all drowsy and a little disheveled. Stan sits on his bed stroking a calf, Butters sits on the floor, Cartman rests against a calf, Kyle holds his stomach."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Can't go on. Need... food...
Fun with Veal,Kyle,We didn't realize hunger made you feel so bad.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"There's only one alternative, you guys. We're gonna have to eat a calf."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"No, Cartman, we're not eating a calf!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,All right. Then we're gonna have to eat Butters. [points]
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"[looks back at Stan] He might be right, dude."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Aw, heck. [a basket floats up to the window on a pole]"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Wait, what is that? [points to the basket. The other three boys turn. Cartman approaches the window and takes the basket] Dude!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Food!
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, outside. Liane lowers her pole as Sharon and Sheila go outside to see what's going on."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,"Ms. Cartman, what are you doing?"
Fun with Veal,Liane,"Oh, I just can't stand to see my baby suffer."
Fun with Veal,Sheila,"Oh dear God, you've ruined everything."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's room, moments later. The boys take shares of food out of the basket. Stan walks away with two apples."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,All right!
Fun with Veal,Stan,See? Now we can hold out for weeks!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Look you guys! Beef jerky!
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Yeah! And fried chicken! [Stan sits at a corner with his apples.]
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[sensing a lapse] Wha? [rises and walks to his bed, where the other boys sit eating]"
Fun with Veal,"Kyle, Cartman",Mmmmm.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Dude, what are you guys doing?"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"We're eating, dude."
Fun with Veal,Stan,You're eating meat! What the hell do you guys think we're doing all this for?!
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Hey! I'm doing it to save little baby cows. I'm not gonna stop eating meat altogether.
Fun with Veal,Butters,Me neither.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Yeah, if you don't eat meat at all, you become a pussy."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"[returns to his corner] That's fine! You guys can live off of flesh, but I'm never eating meat again!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Go ahead, that's more for us. [tempts the calf next to him with some beef jerky] You want some beef jerky, buddy? Yes, who's the buddy? Who's hungry? [the calf starts chewing on it] Who's the hungry man?"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"[looks over] Dude, that's messed up. [Stan looks as well, but goes back to his apples]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night, Hour 34. Police and fire departments and an ambulance are at the house, with a kleig light shining into Stan's room from the fire truck. Inside, Stan sits on the floor still eating his apples, Cartman stands next to the chair, Butters sits on the bed. The sound of breaking news is heard."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"You guys, check this out! [a TV now sits where the football normally is, and the picture shown is that of Stan's house. The other boys join Kyle in looking at the news report from News 4]"
Fun with Veal,Field reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in front of the house where four insane boy terrorists have barricaded themselves inside a room with twenty-three live infant cattle."
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Hey, look. Some other kids are doin' the same thing we are. [Cartman looks at him, then slaps him hard across the face to shut him up] Eugh!"
Fun with Veal,Field reporter,"Several attempts to break into the room have proven unsuccessful, Tom, and the crisis is intensifying. Here's what some people have to say."
Fun with Veal,Thomas,"[with wife and son] We were sleeping when suddenly we heard all the commotion. I mean, to think this could happen right here in our own community. [Craig shows his right middle finger to the camera. Next, the boys' parents are shown]"
Fun with Veal,Randy,"We gave those kids everything, and they turned into little... John Walkers!"
Fun with Veal,Field reporter,The police chief of South Park says that there will be no negotiations with terrorists.
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Oh no. Eh this is big-time trouble now, fellas."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"No, this is exactly what we wanted."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,It is?
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Yeah, don't you see? This validates everything that we're doing. If we're making the news, then this is obviously important to people."
Fun with Veal,Field reporter,"Tom, it looks like I have an update: Yes, it looks like the boy terrorist story is not interesting news to anyone. Uh, nothing else was going on, Tom, so this was the only story we had to make seem important, but people are just simply tuning out. So, HBC will now be switching programming once again to ""Puppies from Around the World."""
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"The news break switches to a series of dog scenes. First, dalmatians run across a field to the tune of bagpipes, then a small dog looks around to the tune of Chinese music, then a puppy in a basket as a mariachi band is heard, then another dog is shown to African chanting, then another to flute music, then a puppy is shown following a tennis ball, then another dog plays with the camera as more mariachi music is heard."
Fun with Veal,Stan,[the boys are stunned] ...I don't believe it.
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Ehuh, the Chinese puppy's... my favorite so far."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, fade to day. Hour 53. Stan and Butters are sleeping, and Butters, sleeping face down, has his left arm across Stan's chest. Stan stirs and opens his eyes."
Fun with Veal,Stan,[notices the situation] Butters? Buh-Butters! You have your arm around me! [Butters stirs and turns around]
Fun with Veal,Butters,"[waking up as well] Oh, sorry. I thought you were Mr. Pickles. [voices are heard outside and the boys sit up, then move towards the window]"
Fun with Veal,Voices,"We must help the helpless, we must save the unsaved"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Huh, what the hell is that?"
Fun with Veal,Hippies,If we... fight together we can make sure the road is paved.For a... brighter tomorrow...
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Hippies!
Fun with Veal,Stan,What are they doing here?
Fun with Veal,Hippie,[on bullhorn] We're with you boys! Your message is real and your fight is just. [the other hippes start cheering]
Fun with Veal,Hippies,Hooray! Hooray!
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Dude! Those gaywads are on our side?
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Ewww, they're all dirty."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"What did I tell you, Stan! We save some baby cows from being eaten, and now we're no-good dirty God-damned hippies!"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night, Hour 75. Police and fire departments and an ambulance have returned. HBC News is there again with its field reporter."
Fun with Veal,Field reporter,"Tom, the calf terrorist standoff continues as now members of the FBI arrive to put an end to the conflict. [FBI vehicles speed in and FBI agents pour out of the vehicles]"
Fun with Veal,Sharon,[not believing what she sees] Oh Jesus Christ. [slaps her hand to her forehead]
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,Who's in charge here?
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,I am. But I don't want to be.
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,Where's the negotiator?
Fun with Veal,FBI negotiator,"Right here! Glen Dumont, Negotiator Squad."
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"All right, see what you can do."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,Stan's room. Stan is petting a calf. Kyle looks on. Stan coughs and sniffs.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Dude, are you okay?"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Aw, I just feel so rundown. I don't know what's wrong with me. I've got these sores. [lifts up his shirt to show the sores to the others]"
Fun with Veal,Butters,What is that?
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Dude, maybe we should end this."
Fun with Veal,Stan,No!
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, outside. The negotiator walks up to the negotiation van, which has all the equipment he needs to handle a negotiation."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,Give me a hard line to the phone in that house! [a squad member gets on it]
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,The terrorists already said there's no way they're coming out.
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"[receives the phone] Don't worry, I'm a negotiator. It's my job to talk to freaks like this and bring about a peaceful resolution using clever psychology."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,Stan's room. The phone rings and Stan goes to answer it.
Fun with Veal,Stan,Hello?
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Hello, my name is Mike. I'm a negotiator. Is it okay if I talk to you?"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Ah, hold on. [turns to the other boys] It's some negotiator named Mike. What do I do?"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Don't give him anything!
Fun with Veal,Stan,What do I say??
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[walks up to Stan and takes over] Dah, give me that! [takes the receiver from Stan] Talk to me Mike."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"I'm here to make sure we can all end this peacefully. You want that, right?"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Sure, sure."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"How about we make a trade, just show that we can trust each other."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,What do you have in mind?
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Well, how about you send out one of the calves?"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Oh, Mike, you're breakin' my balls here, Mike."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Just one, that's all we want."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"All right, how 'bout this? You guys have all the leverage and we have nothing. So how about we give you one calf... -"
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Cartman, no!"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Dude! [Cartman holds out his palm to silence them]
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[clears his throat] We'll give you one calf, if you give us... some guns and ammunition of our own."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"What? I, I can't do that."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry. I thought we were talkin' here, but I guess you're not talkin' to me. Goodbye."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"No no wait, oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Yuh, you're right. What reason do you have to trust me? I'm just a guy from Lakewood trying to make ends meet, you know? Just a blue-collar guy like your dad."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Don't have a dad, Mike. That's not gonna work."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"[trumped] Oh. All right, fine, son of a gun, let me see what I can do."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night, Hour 154. The authorities are still there, waiting out the standoff."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,Okay. Up a little... left a little... [a crane lifts a box of ammunition towards Stan's window. Kyle and Butters wait for it] Almost there.
Fun with Veal,Randy,[arrives with Sharon] What is that?
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,We're giving the boys some guns in return for a calf.
Fun with Veal,Randy,What?
Fun with Veal,Sharon,You're giving my baby guns?
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"[snaps back] Hey, this is a negotiation process, okay? Did you people go to negotiator school? No, you didn't! [walks off in a huff to the negotiation van] Get them on the line for me!"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,[answers the ringing phone] Hello.
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Alright, you see that? I keep my end of the bargain."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"All right, we'll keep ours. We'll send out one calf. [in the background, Kyle takes out the guns, tossing them to Butters]"
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Well, ha- how about you send out two calves?"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus! You know, there's just no talking to you, is there, Mike?! [Butters assembles a machine gun while Kyle inspects a sword. Stan lies by a corner in a fetal position, on a calf, with more lesions appearing on his face]"
Fun with Veal,Stan,O-ogh...
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"We had a deal! Do you think I'm stupid?! Don't treat me like I'm stupid here! [Butters plays soldier in the background, moving his gun around and then saluting while Kyle practices some lunges]"
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. [to fellow agents as he holds his hand over the mouthpiece] Damnit, I'm losing them. [to Cartman] Okay, I'm sorry. Just send out one calf."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Oh nonono, now you're gonna have to get us something else! [Kyle tosses a dud grenade at Butters, who hits it with a spear. The grenade flies off the bed and onto the floor. Kyle and Butters jump with joy]"
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,What do you have in mind?
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Hour 169. This makes one week and an hour since the standoff began."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"A little to the left... [this time the crane is lifting a missile] Okay, that's good. A little to the right. [Butters and Kyle wait by the window again]"
Fun with Veal,Sheila,You're giving them a missile??
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"[losing patience] Stand down, ma'am! Stand down! This is a delicate process! I've almost earned their trust!"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,Stan's room.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"[dabbing Stan's sores with a moist towel] Stan's getting worse, you guys."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Mike, speak."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,How are we doin'?
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"We got a real sick kid here, Mike. Did you get the other things for us?"
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Weh ah I did manage to get the FDA to officially change the word ""veal"" to ""tortured baby cow."" [holds up an FDA document]"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Good, good."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,But I couldn't get you North and South Dakota.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Oh, Mike, breakin' my balls, Mike."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Now, now please can, can we get you to come out? [Cartman looks over at Stan, who looks sicker by the minute]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Outside Stan's house, night."
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"All right, everythng has worked out. The boys have promised to come out and bring the cows out with them."
Fun with Veal,Adults,Yes! All right! Woohoo!
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,"Whoops, sorry I doubted your abilities, Mr. Negotiator."
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,They're coming out now?
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"Yes. All we need to do in return is get a cattle-transporting semi-truck that will take the boys and the cattle to Denver International Airport, where we have a fully-gassed airplane waiting to take them all to Mexico."
Fun with Veal,Sharon,What??
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"And they want the guy that plays Mr. Worf on ""Star Trek"" to drive the truck. [beat] In full makeup."
Fun with Veal,Randy,Jesus Christ!
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"All right, that does it! You are in fact the worst negotiator I've ever seen in action!"
Fun with Veal,Glen Dumont,"All right, all right, I'll give you that. But in return, I want three staples."
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"Get out of here! [Dumont bolts. The agent talks to Barbrady] We'll get them the semi, and we'll get them the Worf guy. If they see that, they'll come out and then, we could take them."
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,But isn't that dishonest?
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"Maybe so, but if we don't do something soon, there could be fifty, even sixty people who'll have to go without veal for dinner. Are you prepared to let that happen?"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Outside Stan's house, night. Hour 201, just after sunset. The semi-truck Cartman ordered arrives."
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,All right. Where is Mr. Dorn?
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,"[aka Worf, arrives in full makeup] I was woken up at three in the morning, told I had to put on makeup, and come to this town. [folds his arms] What the hell is going on?!"
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"I'm sorry, Mr. Dorn. It's FBI business. We've got terrorists making demands and we need your help."
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,This is highly unusual!
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"[on the bullhorn] All right boys, we have your truck. And we have an airplane on the tarmac at Denver International."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,And Worf?
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,My name is Michael Dorn. I play a character called Worf.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,[rushes to Stan] Stan! It worked!
Fun with Veal,Stan,[looking very weak and with a few more sores on his body] It... did?
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"They got us a truck, and an airplane, and Mr. Worf! The calves are gonna be okay!"
Fun with Veal,Stan,Pick me up. I... I want to see. [Kyle picks him up]
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Outside Stan's house, night. The authorities prepare for the kids' surrender. The front door opens and Cartman looks out. The FBI agents take aim."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Step back! Tell those men to step back!
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,Do it!
Fun with Veal,FBI Agents,[lowering their weapons and stepping back] Mmrrrr.
Fun with Veal,Hippies,All right! Woohoo! Yeah!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[heads for the street] Aw, shut up, you freakin' hippies! [approaches the semi-truck, where Michael Dorn now sits at the wheel. He gets into the passenger side and sits] Alright, Mr. Worf, start the engine and put her in gear. Oh, and you must refer to me as ""Captain."""
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,Where am I supposed to drive to?
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"No. See, you must say, ""Captain, where am I supposed to drive to?"""
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,"Captain, where am I supposed to drive to?"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,You're going to back the truck up to the door of the house so we can safely load in the calves.
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,This whole thing is ridiculous!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[correcting Dorn] ""Captain, this whole thing is ridiculous!"""
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,"[beat, then in a low voice] Captain, this whole thing is ridiculous. [starts up the engine]"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[calls out] Okay, all set!"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,An overhead view of the scene shows a News 4 helicopter covering the story — from the camera of another News 4 helicopter.
Fun with Veal,Field reporter,"Tom, it looks as though the terrorists are now loading the baby cows into the back of a semi. This is still very uninteresting news, Tom."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Ground view, inside the trailer."
Fun with Veal,Butters,Okay Cartman!
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Ground view, on the street."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Step on it, Mr. Worf! [the semi peels off]"
Fun with Veal,Boys,All right!
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,Inside the trailer.
Fun with Veal,Butters,We're going! [Kyle grins]
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Mexico here we come! [Dorn honks to clear everyone out of the way.]
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,In the cab. Police cars follow the semi.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Wait a minute. They're following us! Full speed, Mr. Worf!"
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,We cannot keep going fast on these icy roads!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[correcting gently] ""Captain, we cannot keep going fast on these icy roads?"""
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,"Captain, we cannot keep going fast on these icy roads."
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"Alright, Mr. Worf. Then reduce speed to forty-five and maintain distance from those police cruisers."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,Inside the trailer. Stan casts his eyes down at the floor.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Stan, we're almost there. You've got to hold on."
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,On the street. The semi passes by Rancher Bob's ranch.
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"Alright, they're in front of the cattle ranch. Hit it! [another agent presses a button and a buzzer is heard. A few seconds later balloons fill up under the semi and lift it off the ground. The whole thing comes to a stop]"
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"[looks out] Oh, it's a double-cross!!"
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"[approaches with his fellow agents] Alright, boys! The game is over! Get out of the truck with your hands up!"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,In the trailer.
Fun with Veal,Kyle,Oh no! No!!
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,In the cab.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,"What are you waiting for? Go kill them, Worf!"
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,I'm NOT killing anybody!
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Egh! Some God-damned Klingon you are!
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Rancher Bob's Cattle Ranch, moments later. The FBI agents take the calves into the veal ranch as the boys stand next to the semi. Michael Dorn is there as well."
Fun with Veal,Stan,"We're sorry, cows. We tried. We tried!"
Fun with Veal,FBI agent,"[On the bullhorn] Alright boys, just stay right there until your parents arrive."
Fun with Veal,Michael Dorn,Can I go now?
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,"Here you go, Mr. Rancher. I got your cattle back for you."
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Oh. [glances at the stack of veal forming next to him] Well, it doesn't matter now."
Fun with Veal,Officer Barbrady,What do you mean?
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"In the twenty-four hours since the word ""veal"" was officially changed to ""little tortured baby cow"" the market has gone dry. Seems that people see ""little tortured baby cow"" on their menus, they don't feel like orderin'."
Fun with Veal,Butters,Really?
Fun with Veal,Rancher Bob,"Yep, damn things ain't worth spit now. I'll let 'em live outside with the other cows and live a normal life."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Do you hear that, Stan? It worked! We've shut down the veal industry! [Stan doesn't respond. He's passed out] Stan? Stan?? [Butters appears next to them]"
Fun with Veal,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, next day. The boys and their families are present at Stan's hospital bed. Stan is half-awake now, hooked up to IVs and all."
Fun with Veal,Dr. Doctor,He's very lucky you got him here when you did. He was in a very advanced state of vaginitis.
Fun with Veal,Randy,Vaginitis?
Fun with Veal,Dr. Doctor,"It occurs when a person stops eating meat. Those sores on his skin were actually small vaginas. If we hadn't stopped it in time, Stan would have eventually just become one great big giant pussy."
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"Whoa, dude."
Fun with Veal,Dr. Doctor,We've got an IV of pure beef blood pumping into Stan's veins and the... sores are fading.
Fun with Veal,Cartman,Thank God we stopped it in time.
Fun with Veal,Stan,"Well, I guess we learned something today: it's wrong to eat veal because the animals are so horribly mistreated, but if you don't eat meat at all you break out in vaginas."
Fun with Veal,Butters,Hear hear.
Fun with Veal,Sheila,"All right boys, it's time to go home. You've got some serious grounding time to start."
Fun with Veal,Stephen,I'll say!
Fun with Veal,Butters,"Aw, we're still grounded?"
Fun with Veal,Kyle,"But, but we, we learned things, and took up a cause."
Fun with Veal,Gerald,"Yes Kyle, but you still defied your parents. And you need to learn that terrorism is never the answer."
Fun with Veal,Stephen,"That's right, let's get these terrorists to their rooms. [Sternly] But first, [softens] maybe we can grab some burgers."
Fun with Veal,The Boys,All right!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Butters gather some snacks and put them on the coffee table in the Marsh living room."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,[pouring chips into a bowl] This is gonna be so awesome!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Do we have everything?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Chips, pop, cookies, Kleenex, toilet paper, flares - we won't have to leave the TV room for anything!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,All right!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Look, it's almost time."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,HBC commercial.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Announcer,"Up next on HBC, the Russell Crowe Show!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The sofa. The boys climb on it.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Alright, here we go."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Russell Crowe Show intro.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Choir,"Born in New Zealand in sixty-four [Russell sails on a tugboat called ""Tugger""] A hot-headed actor named Russell Crowe [Russell holds an Oscar lovingly] He loves to act but he loves one thing more: [Russell in a scene from ""Gladiator""] Fight-in' Round The World [Russell fighting bar patrons at Hap's Bar] He fights his directors and he fights his fans [Russell holds a director up in the air by the lapels, then he fights fans in a pool hall] It's a problem no one understands [Russell fights people in Paris] [spoken by a singer] If there's two things he love it's fighting and, [Russell dances Russian before the Kremlin as a camera man follows him at a distance] Fight-in' Round The World [The cameraman takes a picture and Russell beats him up] Makin' movies, makin' music and [a poster of Russell's new movie, ""A beautiful Mind, by television's Opie"", then a shot of him recording a song] [slowing to half-time] Fight-ing Round The World! [a shot of Russell fighting off some Japanese] [spoken by a singer as a spinning globe appears behind the show logo] Russell Crowe"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[dressed as a sailor, standing on a dock] Hello, everybody. I'm Russell Crowe, and this is ""Fight-in' Round The World"" [puts up his fists and cycles them around]. We're gonna have lots of fun tuhday as we travel all around, and look for some good- [a man walks through his shot and Russell does a double-take, then goes after the man] Ay! What the hell do yuh think you're doin'?! [Russell's cameraman moves the camera to catch up with him] You walked right through my shot, mate! Do you know who I am?!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Man,"Oh, excuse me. I was just- [Russell proceeds to beat the crap out of the man]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"God-damned smartass! Do you think you could [Shelly comes in and takes the remote, changing the channel. She stops at the WD]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Shelly, we're watching that! Go back!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"Shut up, turd. I'm watching Buffy."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"[rushes up to her] No! Shelly, we have to watch HBC! [she switches back to HBC]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Russell Crowe Show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Oh! Get up! Get up, you little pussy! [the man crawls along the dock on his belly]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,The Russell Crowe Show? You turds don't even like that show!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe (off-screen),Oh ya like that do ya?! [punches heard]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"It's not the show we care about. During one of the commercial breaks of tonight's episode, they're gonna show the exclusive never-before-seen trailer to the new Terrance & Phillip movie!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,It's the biggest night of the year.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,[switching channels again] That's stupid! See your turdy trailer some other time!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,But all the other kids are gonna watch it and talk about it at school tomorrow.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"No, turds!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Shelly, did I ever tell you how hot I think you are?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"Shut up, fat turd!!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"I'm not a fat turd, I'm a stocky turd!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,We're not watching this! [a shot of Russell Crowe and the man]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,Come on!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Man,"Look, I apologize, but I was just--"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"But Shelly, it's the Russell Crowe Show! You always said there's nothing you love more than Russell Crowe."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"[softly, voice rising] There is one thing I love more than Russell Crowe, and that is seeing you unhappy. So, Buffy it is!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Shelly, please, let us watch. We'll do anything. Anything!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"[glances away, then looks at Stan] All right. I just started my period, and I need tampons. If one of you turds go buy them at the store for me, you can watch your stupid turd show with your stupid turd movie commercial in it!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"[glances down, then answers] O-K, deal."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"And they'd better be here when I come back downstairs, turds! [slaps Stan twice and walks off]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Well, that was a lot of fun, wadn't it, kids? But it looks like if we're gonna get in more fights, we're gonna have to go look for 'em."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"[gathers around Stan with the other boys] Dude, why'd you make that deal? If we're out buying tampons, we'll miss the trailer anyway."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Ehyeah!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"[somber] Well, only one of us has to go to the store. The others can watch."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,You'd miss the new trailer?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Dude, I'm not going."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Alright, we'll have to play for it. How about... if your name is Butters, you have to go. Okay, so what's your name? [points to Stan]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Stan.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Stan, okay. What's your name? [points to Kyle]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Kyle.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Kyle. What's your name? [looks at Butters]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Butters! Aw, I lose, huh?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Aw, yeah, Butters, you lose, sorry, tough break."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Well just hurry, Butters. You can probably make it back in time before the first commercial break."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Oh, Jesus. Ah, I gotta run like the wind. [heads for the door. The other three go back to the sofa]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,Seems like no one else here wants to fight.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Dude, thank God for stupid people [""...We'll have to go somewhere else...""]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Amen.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"...lets ask our old friend, Tugger. Where should we go fight people next, Tugger?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,TOOOOOOT
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Great idea! [runs up to the camera] Tugger thinks we should go to the faaar away country of China. [backs up towards the tug boat] China is one of the oldest civilizations on earth. And from what I understand, they LOVE a good fight! So let's go! [rushes onto the tugboat and sets off.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,TOOOT TOOOT [a man and a woman appear]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Man with Mustache,Oh my God! It's Russell Crowe!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[taunts back] Oh my God, it's Russell Crowe! Oh my Gmah, bah bah byah byah! [gets out and heads for the man and woman] Why don't you mind your own business, you scrotum?! [punches the man. Cut to a sailing Tugger] Making movies, making songs 'n fight-in' round the world."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Dude, why is this guy always beating everybody up?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[at the wheel] What a glorious day to spend a way, fight-in' round the world. [whistles and spins the boat's wheel]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"What's wrong with the colors on your TV, Stan? They're all saturated. [takes a hold of the remote]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,They look fine to me. [another shot of Russell sailing away]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Just don't mess with it, Cartman."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"[leaves the sofa] Nah, nah, the cable wire must be loose. [heads for the television]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Just just leave it alone.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Dude, do you wanna see the Terrance & Phillip trailer with messed-up colors? I don't. How's that? [moves the cable, and the vertical goes out of whack]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,That's worse!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Okay, how about ... that? [moves it again, and the cathode ray tube pops. The wall behind the TV is blackened, and Cartman slowly peeks]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Dude!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,God-dammit Cartman! You broke it!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"[panicked] It was just... I just... Butters, you asshole!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Dude, the commercials could start any time!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,I don't think we're watchin' them on this TV.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"God-dammit! Come on, we can go watch it at my house!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Get all the stuff! [they gather the snacks and head for the front door. Cartman opens the door and Butters arrives]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Hey fellas. I got the tampons. Uh, I didn't miss it, did I?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,We're going to Kyle's house to watch! Come on! [the three boys exit]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Oh Jeez. [follows]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. The boys run towards Kyle's house. Stan leads the way, with Kyle and Butters following."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Oh boy, uh, Oh Jeez, Oh Jeez!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Hurry! We can't miss the commercials!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,[gruffly] Bluh! Aah! You guys! Seriously!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, moments later. Ike is watching TV."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,A Voice,[a slow drawl] ...but the Palestinian government uh is not going to see any for future- [the front door opens and the boys run in.]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Huff, huff"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Huh uh hurry! Hurry! Hurry! [Kyle takes the remore and quickly changes channels, and the Russell Crowe show pops up]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,And so here we are in history-rich Ch-ooina.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,We made it! It hasn't gone to commercials yet. [the boys sit on the sofa. Ike looks at each of them angrily]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,"Kyle, Stan, Butters",Phew!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Ike,Hey! Imong telling Dat!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,[arrives breathless] Huh. Ohmigod! Huh.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Ike,Dadadadat!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"No Ike! They're playing the trailer to the new Terrance & Phillip movie during the show, and we have to watch it! [Ike drops down and walks away, Cartman sits next to Butters]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[hiding behind a potted shrub which he carries before him. He sets it down and look at the camera] This is Tiananmen Square. Lots of good foightin' has gone on here throughout the years, including a fan-tastic massacre that took place back in '93. [he turns back to the shrub and peers through it. The Chinese are pleasantly involved in conversations. Russell turns back to the camera] These chinamen can grow to over five feet tall, and in a fight, are known to kick with their legs. Let's see if we can get in for a closer look. [picks up the shrub and goes further into the crowd, then peers through the shrub. The Chinese notice him] Oi! [he looks back at the camera] I've gotten close enough now that they're startin' to get real froigh'ened. You can see the fine hairs on the back of their necks standin' on end. [turns to the shrub and jumps through it, grabbing a man's ankles] Gotcha mate! [the victimized man speaks first, then another man answers. Russell's head turns to see who's speaking, then he jumps up to challenge the second man] Ah, you wanna fight, huh?! [challenges the first] Think you could take me, you little buggers?! [punches the first man and the man sails to the ground a few feet away, knocked out cold. Blood pours from his nose. The man he lands in front of decides to fight, and soon Russell Crowe is punching men away left and right. A policeman arrives, and Russell knocks him away, too]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"God, when is this gonna get to the commercials? [Gerald arrives with Ike]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Gerald,"Kyle, Ike says you kicked him off the TV."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,They're goin' to show the new Terrance & Phillip trailer.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Gerald,You know your brother watches MacNeil/Lehrer Report every night at ten!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Ike,Etetheh bunlapala un night.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"But Dad, this is all the never-before-seen footage."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Gerald,It doesn't matter! Ten to eleven is Ike's time to watch MacNeil/Lehrer.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"God-dammit. Come on, guys. We gotta go to Butters' house."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Aww! [the boys gather their snacks and head for the door]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Argh!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Whoa, wait fellas. [the boys stop] We can't go to my house."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,We can't go to my house either. It's being fumigated.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"AGH! [thinks hard, then] Wait! Chef just got a new plasma screen TV with surround-sound. Let's go to his house! Come on! [they leave. Ike goes back to the sofa and sits, changing the channel]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Lehrer,...taking place there all these years is sure to continue until the governments of these regions can actually come about some...
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Ike,It's a birdy fly.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. The boys run towards Chef's house. Stan, Kyle, and Butters run past, huffing and puffing."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,[trailing again] Ey! You guys! I'm seriouslih!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Chef's house, moments later. The boys are at his front door, and Stan knocks."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"God-dammit! If we miss the commercials, I'll never forgive my brother!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"[answers the door in his nightgown] Oh. Hello there, children."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The Boys,"[quickly] Hey Chef. [run for his sofa, leaving Chef at the door.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"Uh, how's it goin'?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Chef's living room. The boys are seated on the sofa, with Stan trying to get the remote control working."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"[arrives] Oh, you wanted to see the new TV, huh? [a new HDTV with side speakers and settop cable box, and a rather large base] Pretty cool, ain't it?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"[impatient] Yeahyeah, how do you change the channels?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"Uh, I don't know. This TV has more features than a space shuttle. [Chef takes the remote and fiddles with it] I can't figure it out at all. [the program pops up immediately]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,[in India] -bloomin' Taj Mahal.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"There, you got it, you got it!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,[punching the natives - hits one] Freakin' Indies [hits a second] really put up a [hits a third] fight!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,We made it!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Oh, thank God."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"Russell Crowe?? Children, you shouldn't be watching this show about a man who beats people up because he's insecure."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"We don't give two craps about Russell Crowe, Chef. We just wanna see the trailer for the new Terrance & Phillip movie, that's supposed to play during the commercials."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[still punching Indians as they approach] Alright everyone, we're gonna take our first commercial break. But be sure not to go anywhere, because there's lot's more people to beat up!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Here they come!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Heuh, the commercials! [some commercials air, but they're not important, as little sound is heard]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Announcer,"And now back to Russell Crowe, Fightin' Around The World!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The boys,[disappointed] Awww!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Awww, they didn't play it. They didn't show the Terrance & Phillip trailer."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,I knew it. I knew they wouldn't play it during the first commercial break.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Yeah, they want everyone to stick around and watch more of this retarded show."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Making movies, making songs 'n fight-in' round the world. [cut to Brooklyn, with the Brooklyn Bridge in the background. A lot of brownstones here. Russell has brought his schrub with him again. He approaches the camera] Oi! Now Tugger's brought me to one of the greatest places for foightin' in North America. [backs up] Brooklyn, New York. Lots of minorities here, and they don't take kindly to whitey. [points to himself] Let's get a closer look. Come on, Tugger! [picks up his shrub and runs. Tugger hops after him, tooting along. They end up looking at a pickup basketball game in the shadow of some skyscrapers. Russell peers through the shrub, then turns to the camera] Looks like we got some black people, and some Puerto Ricans. [a quick peek] Notice the colorful rags on their heads, meaning they could be part of a gang, and therefore, [makes a fist] real used to fightin'. [peers through the shrub]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Black player,"Hey, look at that guy over there. Ain't that that Gladiator guy?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Puerto Rican player,Where?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Black player,"Behind that plant, next to that tugboat? [Russell peers through, but the shows his face]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Puerto Rican player,"Oh yeah, I think it is."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[in condescending falsetto] Oh my God, it's the Gladiator guy! [heads for the basketball court and puts up his fists] Oh my God, I've never seen an actor before! [moves around for anyone to fight] Why don't you choke on some pig vomit, you stupid sobs!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,Why can't this guy control his temper?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Well?? You all just gonna stand there or are you gonna fight? [knocks down a black player. Another one punches him in the back of the head] Oi! Crikey, you've done it now!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"This TV is great, Chef."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"Yeah, and it's got all kinds of cool features, too. Check this out. You can watch three channels all at once. I think if you hit this button here- [a menu pops up on a blue screen. He presses more buttons and the default choice changes, but nothing else] No, no wait. You hit this button here [ends up at clock reset function] No, that's not it. Let's see. [presses another button] Menu... [press] Function [screen properties pop up]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Dude, put it back, Chef. More commercials might come on soon. [looks like Russell is fighting Germans, but the menu windows block the view]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"Let's see. Menu? [screen resolution, manual programming, spectrum density, profiles, audio settings, and so on pop up] Aw, dammit!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Get it back to normal, Chef!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"I'm tryin', children! Menu, back, function- [still no success. The blue screen is still there] Enter? No, no. Back? H.E.M?? [selects 'yes']"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The TV,"[transforms itself into a robot] Human eradication mode, active. [it rises from its base, which becomes its feet. The side speakers re-position themselves as guns, and the cable box becomes the eyes. Chef and the boys are stunned by what they just saw. The TV turns to its right and heads for the front door. It breaks through, goes down the steps, and immediately starts firing at everything in sight.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Oh God-dammit!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,The TV left.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Uh but the next commercials will be on soon.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Come on, we gotta go somewhere else! [the four get off the sofa and head out the door. A car screeches to a halt, and the TV fires at the driver, forcing the couple inside to flee]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. The boys run towards the bar. Stan, Kyle, and Butters run past, huffing and puffing."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Where do we go? Where do we go?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,The bar! They've got a TV at the bar!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Aagh! God-dammit!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The bar. The boys burst through the door and head for the counter. The TV turns on to the Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[back in Brooklyn, amid the bunch of beat-up basketball players] You fight like Norwegians, ya fairies!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The Boys,Phew!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,We made it.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,[blubbering] This is killing me. The human body was not meant to move quickly like that.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"These are the Florida Keys, a remote island chain just a few miles from... Oi! Wait a minute! Wasn't I just in Brooklyn fightin' minorities? What happened with that?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,Mooooot.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"It's that God-damned editor! He cut the Brooklyn scene short! Tugger, I'm gonna get him!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"The editing room, moments later."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Editor,Yeah. Oh I'm just working. I'm probably done around seven. [the door flies open and Russell stomps in there]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,[lifts the editor up by the collar] Who the hell do you think you are?!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Editor,I'm the editor.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"I know you're the bloomin' editor! I mean, who do you think you are cuttin' one of my foightin' scenes short?!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Editor,"Dude, the director said to cut it."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Moy foightin' is poetry! You don't edit Russell Crowe's poetry, you testicle! [drops him, pauses, then delivers three blows to the belly]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Jimbo,Well that guy's just plain nuts.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Barkeep,"[rushes over] Hey hey hey, whoa, you kids can't be in here. [the kids are dumbstruck]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,We're not kids. We're full-grown men with dwarfism! How dare you assume that all midgets are children! We demand an apology!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Barkeep,"You ain't midgets, your lips are too full. [the boys stay silent] Now GET OUT!!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,But we have to watch the commercials in this show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Barkeep,"Look, this is a bar! We can't have children in here. People come here for debauchery and sin!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Butters will give hand jobs in the corner for a dollar.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Sure! I'm good at all kinds of jobs!
