You're Getting Old,Sharon,Support what?! Another stupid dream of yours?!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Face it Sharon, our son turned 10 and you feel old!"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,WHAT does our son turning 10 have to do with you making the same mistakes again and again?!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Because I'm unhappy, okay?! I've been unhappy for a long time! [Sharon reflects on this for a moment and her voice goes soft]"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"I'm unhappy too. We both are, obviously. How much longer can we keep doing this? It's like, the same shit just happens over and over and, then in a week it just all resets until- it happens again. Every week it's kind of the same story in a different way but it, it just keeps getting more and more ridiculous."
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,"[the two men sneak out the way they came in] Come on britches, we're settin' you free."
You're Getting Old,Randy,I don't know if I've changed or you have. I just feel like I might not have a whole lot of time left and... I want to enjoy it.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"I want to enjoy it too, but... I can't fake it anymore. You just seem kind of shitty to me."
You're Getting Old,Randy,You kind of seem shitty to me too.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"People get older, Randy. People grow apart."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"Stevie Nicks' ""Landslide"" begins to play. Stan is seen at Stark's Pond looking at it from a bench. Kyle walks up to Stan, but keeps some distance from him, then turns around and walks away. Stan looks at a flower... which has a huge turd growing from it. A bee lands on it. At the house, Shelly and Sharon pack away everything in the kitchen. Later, Randy explains things to Stan as Stan's dresser is being moved. Later, a realtor sets a ""FOR SALE"" sign in place - four bedrooms, two bathrooms, kitchen, back yard. She finishes and walks away. Randy is driving a U-Haul truck and watches the house fade in the distance through the driver's rear-view mirror. Sharon and her kids move into a new place. Sharon works on her room and gives Stan the box for his room. Stan later sits in a swing in the new yard. A small sandlot is nearby. Instead of a wooden fence, the new place has a wrought-iron fence. Stan looks up at the sun, which is a glowing massive turd. Stan is then seen at the cafeteria sitting at a table with a bunch of turds that are supposed to be his classmates. All the food looks like shit too. At night the police arrest the Britches Bandits, the two men who stole Randy's underwear, and take the underwear in for evidence. Cartman and Kyle play a game on Kyle's sofa. They look at each other and seem to reach a mutual understanding, since they smile at each other. Stan walks all alone in South Park and passes a duck in a tux. He stops and looks at the duck, who keeps walking. It looks at him and quacks out shit, which lands on him. The last scene is Stan lying in his new bed, in his new bedroom, looking up at the ceiling."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Daytime at the apartment building Sharon and her kids moved into the last episode. Stan's clock read 6:59 AM. Inside his window you can see Whistlin' Willy's, and beyond that, the South Park Library. Stan had moved to Downtown South Park. The clock strikes 2 and the radio comes on, waking him up. A morning variety radio show comes on"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Oh that's funny, that's real funny. Big Harry and Mike in the Morning talkin' about the new hit movie [poop sounds], a great comedy, starring [poop sounds] and [poop sounds]."
Ass Burgers,Mike,"I saw the movie last night, Big Harry, and it made me laugh so hard! This movie's about a [poop sounds] heh, he was suddenly all like [poop sounds] Aw, man it's great!"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,Big Harry and Mike in the Morning. We'll talk more about it but let's get to some music. The new Tween Wave band [poop sounds] with their song [poop sounds. The song begins to play. Stan sits up and turns the radio off]
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Stan sits still for a few seconds, then still half-awake he goes into the shower and just stands there without taking off his hat. Later, he's at table as Sharon prepares breakfast for him. Shelly is sitting right in front of the TV eating cereal"
Ass Burgers,Announcer,"Coming this fall to Fox/CBS/FX. Jurassic Park and Lost in the same TV show! [poop sounds] Dinosaurs! [poop sounds] Lost Humans! [poop sounds] Future, yes! [poop sounds]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Sharon serves Stan his breakfast, which looks to Stan like a long tube of poop topped with a butter square. Stan just look at it, still half-asleep"
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"Stanley, eat your waffles. [Stan gets his knife and fork and cuts into the waffles, then starts eating.]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"The sidewalk, morning. Stan has finished breakfast and is headed for the school bus stop with his head down. Be begins to hear the other boys as he draws near"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Oh shut up Cartman! You don't even know what you're talking about!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Oh yeah! I saw it on the news, Kyle! The school is gonna make us all get shots again! [at this point Stan stops and stands alongside the other boys, but he's still looking at the ground] But this time it's so that we don't get warts in our vaginas!"
Ass Burgers,Kenny,(Are you serious?!)
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Yep!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"That's only a vaccination for girls, stupid!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Then why are they sayin' that gettin' vaccinated at school is gonna make us all retarded?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,[sighs gruffly] Because some people think vaccinations can give you autism or Asperger's!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Wait what?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,That's what they're talking about on the news!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Wait, there's a disease called Assburgers?"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Yes!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,You are so lying! There's no disease called fuckin' Assburgers!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,You wanna bet? [begins to move off] Let's go ask my Dad right now!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Okay, you're on, Jew! [he and Kenny follow Kyle away. Several seconds later, the bus shows up and Stan gets on. He takes an empty seat and no one sits next to him. He leans against the window, looking very sad]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Fourth Grade. Stan is in class, looking sad, and the seats that would hold Kyle, Kenny, and Cartman are empty."
Ass Burgers,Mr. Garrison,"And so children, at noon today, all the girls will go to the gymnasium for their vaccinations, and boys will head on out to recess. [on the blackboard he had written ""HPV Vaccination Day""]"
Ass Burgers,Butters,Do the girls get their shots right in the vagina?
Ass Burgers,Mr. Garrison,"No. Butters, that's not how it works."
Ass Burgers,Officer Barbrady,"[offscreen] Mr. Garrison, [now onscreen] these three boys were caught playing hooky."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Did you guys know there's actually a disease called Assburgers? [Stan is hearing everything as if from a distance]
Ass Burgers,Mr. Garrison,"Sit down boys, we'll talk about this later. Right now we're talking about vaginal warts."
Ass Burgers,Wendy,This isn't fair! How can the school make us get vaccinated?
Ass Burgers,Butters,You mean little hamburgers grow in your butthole?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"That's right, it's a butt fungus."
Ass Burgers,Butters,Well I don't want burgers comin' out of my butt!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[in an angry outburst] God, shut up! Everyone just shut the fuck up! [looks around glaring at everyone, who look back at him, stunned]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, moments later"
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, Stan, you, you've gotta try and pull yourself out of this, m'kay? I know that... your parents recently got divorced. M'kay, that's gotta be hard. I know that's... that's bad. But when you walk around all mopey, m'kay, and sayin' everything is... just shitty, well, that's called bein' a Debbie Downer, Stan. And nobody likes a Debbie Downer, m'kay. ...I mean you've gotta, you've gotta snap out of it, Debbie. Come on, Debbie, you're even bummin' me out now, m'kay? Your attitude just- just sucks."
Ass Burgers,Stan,[after a few seconds' silence] I just want everything to go back to the way it was.
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, well, that's not gonna happen, Debbie. Okay, you know, uh life, life has to change, m'kay?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"How?... When all the things that made you laugh, just make you sick. How do you go on when nothing makes you happy? [tears start to well up around his eyes]"
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mackey,"Huh... e-excuse me a minute, Stan. m'kay? [stands up, goes to his desk, picks up his phone and starts dialing] Uh, hi, Ms. Bronski? Did we vaccinate Stan for the flu last year? We did? Uh oh... I think he's got Asperger's."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,Breaking News
Ass Burgers,Announcer,"This is breaking news, from CNN! Or Fox or, whatever. [The logos for Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC go by] Fuck you."
Ass Burgers,Anchor,"The first documented case of a child developing Asperger syndrome from school vaccinations [a shot of a syringe and the words ""ASPERGER'S SYNDROME"" appear] has put the government in a tight spot. [a shot of Stan] At a press conference today the media heard from the young boy's father, Steamy Ray Vaughn."
Ass Burgers,Randy,"It's pretty shitty when you work so hard to be a great parent, and then the ""government"" comes along and with one shot turns your child into a ""mentally incapacitated"" freak! I mean look at him. He's disinterested, depressed, self-loathing. It's most likely the reason his mother and I got divorced!"
Ass Burgers,Anchor,"In response to the embarrassment, the President of the United States has passed ""Stan's Bill,"" putting an end to school-mandated vaccinations."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,At the White House
Ass Burgers,Aide 1,"Mr. President, the bill is ready. [the duck, wearing a tailor-made suit, quacks, with shit splattering out of its mouth]"
Ass Burgers,Aide 2,"Just sign right here, Mr. President. [the duck quacks again, splattering shit all over the document]"
Ass Burgers,Aide 1,"Aaand if you could just sign this one as well, Mr. President. [the duck quacks again, splattering shit all over the second document. The parties involved gather for a quick photo opportunity]"
Ass Burgers,Anchor,"It is yet unknown if any other children have contracted from the vaccinations, but if so, multimillion-dollar lawsuits are probably not far behind."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, morning. He's in the kitchen cooking up a bunch of burgers. He's got two patties in a large pan, and he begins to sing."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Turn on your heart light. Let it shine wherever you go. Let it make a happy glow-
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. Cartman approaches the nurse's office, having gotten excused from class. He stops, clears his throat, and enters. He starts to moan as he approaches the examination bed. He hops on and sits down"
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,"Eric, what is it this time?"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,[coughing somewhat] Fever... Light... lightheadedness... I don't know what's wrong with me.
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,[puts down her notepad and starts examining him] You don't feel warm.
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Oh, that's a relief. I thought maybe I had a fever but I- oh OH. Oh my buns! There's a sharp pain in my buns!"
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,Can you lay on your stomach?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,I-I'll try. I'll try. [lays on his stomach. The nurse sees something under his pants and pulls them back.]
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,"What the? [pulls back the briefs and pulls out a wrapped item, then unwraps it] What is this? A hamburger? [indeed, that's what she's holding]"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,A what??
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,[pulls out another hamburger] Why are there hamburgers in your underwear?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Are you serious? How can there be- [sighs] Oh my God! You're saying I have assburgers??
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,[pulls out a third hamburger] This doesn't make sense. Are you trying to sneak food into the school or something?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"What are you talking about?? I got vaccinated from the school, and now clearly I have Assburgers!"
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,Very funny!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Well I'm glad you think Assburgers is funny! Just note my condition on your records there!
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,Get out of my office!
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,The school hallway. Kyle is at his locker as Wendy approaches.
Ass Burgers,Wendy,Hey Kyle? [immediately he knows what she's going to ask] Have you heard anything at all from Stan?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"I've tried, Wendy. I've called him, I've been to his house. But since his diagnosis, all he's done is gotten worse."
Ass Burgers,Wendy,I don't know what to do. It's like he's... completely turned off.
Ass Burgers,Boy 1,Those two should just screw and get it over with!
Ass Burgers,Boy 2,Yeaahh...
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"I can't keep doing it, Wendy. I know he has an illness, but goddamn, it uh, it's like being around a black hole that just sucks the life out of everything."
Ass Burgers,Wendy,"Look, maybe what we should do is all go over to his house together, an-and that way we could-"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[puts his notebook away and closes his locker door] NO. I can't, Wendy. [walking away] All his negativity is starting to make me depressed. I have to let him go. [stops] And whatever happens next, I'm going to embrace with a totally [makes a fist with his right hand and pounds it into his left palm] positive attitude."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,[rounds a corner and walks past Wendy and Kyle] Godamned stupid school nurse! Heartless bitch!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,What's the matter dude?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,[stops and backs up] I spent all morning making hamburgers for nothing! That's what's the matter!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"You made hamburgers? Well that's awesome! I'd love one. [reaches for a burger and bites into it. That burger might have been in Cartman's underwear] Mmm. Hm, wow [swallows] This is really good, Cartman."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Really?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Yeah. [a girl walks by] Hey Riley! Try this hamburger. [hands her a burger] Cartman made them himself.
Ass Burgers,Riley,[unwraps and eats it] Wow. What is that?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Seriously, Cartman. You could make money with these!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Gee, thanks Kyle!"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Asperger's Research Center, day. A researcher takes Sharon and Stan on a tour of the facility"
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"The truth is we still know very little about Asperger syndrome, Mrs. Marsh. All our patients here show the same social awkwardness that your son exhibits. [they stop next to a seated man who has wrapped his legs behind his neck and is making bubbles with bubble solution and farts] Good morning Mr. Mathers."
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mathers,"Goodbye, doctor [farts into the blower]"
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"[signs and moves on] It's as if they all have an inability to distinguish from what is socially acceptable and what is not. [they stop by a man urinating on a wall. Sharon and Stan notice what he's doing] We've got a new patient, Martin. I want you to meet Stan."
Ass Burgers,Martin,"[turns around, still urinating, and Stan gets peed on] Nice to meet you."
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"[moves on. Martin faces the wall again] Here at the treatment center, our focus is on awareness. [Stan shakes his head to get the piss off] Asperger's is serious, but unfortunately because of its name people think it's a disease to be made fun of. [the researcher opens a door to Room 209, a room of adults who are mentally deficient in one way or another. The adults are doing odd things and making odd sounds. He enters as Sharon and Stan look on a bit worried.] Alright everyone, let's have a seat. [Martin comes in, still urinating, and takes a seat. Stan finds a spot on a sofa and sits there.] Oh uh, we'll be done at about 5 pm, Mrs. Marsh. I'll call if it's any earlier."
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"Oh, right, uh. Good bye, Stan. I-I love you. [leaves and closes the door. Everyone sits in silence for a few minutes, then]"
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"Alright, are we clear?"
Ass Burgers,Neo,We're clear! [everyone begins to move normally and arm themselves. They turn into Matrix characters]
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Watch that window, Puck! [Neo gets into position by the window] Everyone, make sure this room isn't bugged! [the others seal the room] Alright Stan, listen up! We don't have a lot of time! You've been told Asperger's is real! It isn't! It's just a front we use to stay hidden!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Wait, it's not a real illness?"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Of course not! If there was a social development disease, you wouldn't call it Asperger's! That's just, that's just mean! [Stan says silent] There's a big war going on out there, Stan, and we want you to join our fight to bring it all down!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[gets off the sofa and walks towards the door] Uh, nooo nonono, we're not doing this!"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"You've broken through their reality and they don't like it! Others deserve to know the truth! You see everything as shit, don't you?! [Stan stops in his tracks, astounded] Where other people see fun movies and hear cool music, all you see and hear is shit! Am I right?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,[turns around] Yeah.
Ass Burgers,Neo,So do we. All of us here. We know the truth too.
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"We found a way to make it stop, Stan. Now are you interested? Or not?"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman Burger, day. Cartman has set up a burger stand in front of his house. Burgers are $5 each. Butters and Kenny are dressed in Cartman Burger uniforms and are helping Cartman run the stand, with Kyle at the grill. To Cartman's left is a booth made from a large Thompson delivery box that now houses a secret last process in burger preparation. A bunch of kids have already gathered and are eating the hottest thing in the neighborhood. Among the bunch are Scott, Craig, Kevin, and Lola. Kevin has just bought his burger and chips"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Next order, please! Get your Cartman Burgers here, fresh and flavorful."
Ass Burgers,Clyde,[walking by eating a burger] I just can't believe how yummy these are.
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"There you go, Molly, and a bag of chips."
Ass Burgers,Molly,Thanks!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"How are we doing on those patties, Jew?"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"About three minutes, fatass!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Nice!
Ass Burgers,Butters,"Jeez, we're out of finished burgers again, Eric. We need more."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,It's alright. I think another batch is just finishing off in our top-secret flavor enhancer.
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[rushes up in time to stop him] Dude, come on Cartman. As employees, don't you think we should get to see what the final secret flavor enhancer is?"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"I'm sorry Kyle, but if we compromise our final cooking process, then our patented flavor will be everywhere, and we'll have to go back to school. Now, let me get those hamburgers. [Kyle may have noticed, but he doesn't say anything about the burgers stuffed down behind Cartman's ass and legs. Cartman goes into the booth, and moments later comes out with a fresh batch of finished burgers] Alright, these are good to go! [More kids have gathered. Among them are Esther, Heidi, Red, Bill, and Tommy.]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Asperger's Research Center, day. The people there set up their secret headquarters - computers, monitors, probes, etc."
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Alright, is he ready to be sent in?"
Ass Burgers,Bald guy,He's ready! Beta levels are normal.
Ass Burgers,Stan,Who are you people?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"We are the Secret Society of Cynics. [walks off a bit and sighs] Everything looks like shit to you, right? What if I were to tell you... that you're seeing the world the way it actually is?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,Huh?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,The world around us has all completely turned to shit. But aliens are putting out a brainwave that keeps most people seeing a false reality
Ass Burgers,Stan,Aliens?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Or, robots from the future, whatever. The point is they need to keep everyone in a blissful state of ignorance."
Ass Burgers,Neo 2,"Yeah. Everything used to be awesome and cool, but now everything's gone to shit and nobody knows except us!"
Ass Burgers,Neo,Yeah!
Ass Burgers,Stan,Because of aliens? [crosses his arms]
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Or genetically altered humans, whatever, fuck you! All that matters is that you are the key to bringing this whole thing down. They know who we are, but they won't be expecting you! Are you ready to go back into the illusionary world you once lived in?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,Yeah I'm ready!
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Let's send him in! [a member of the society prepares a drink for Stan - whiskey on the rocks - and gives it to Morpheus, who hands it over to Stan] Drink this. [Stan hesitates, then takes it and drinks it down. He steps outside and everything is as lovely as it ever was. No signs of shit anywhere.]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Ahhhh! [walks around town looking at it with a new sense of wonder, but his walking is off] Oh coool!"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,in a theater viewing an Adam Sandler film
Ass Burgers,Adam Sandler,"Jill, you got a date with Al Pacino?"
Ass Burgers,Jill,I think Al Pacino wants to play Twister with your sister.
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[laughs rather heartily, looking drunk] Adam Sandler's funny."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman Burger, day. A crowd of kids has gathered, either enjoying their burgers or waiting in line. The little stand has been replaced by a bigger, studier stand, with a wooden awning along the façade and a covered area behind it. Some makeshift tables have been set out. Butters isn't present yet"
Ass Burgers,Butters,"[approaches Kyle] Hey Kyle, you have a visitor. [Kyle leaves to see who it is]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Stan? [Stan is looking away, drunk]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,[sees him] Kyle! [falls into Kyle's arms]
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Hey, Stan!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[his speech is slurred] Dude, I'm sorry. I've been a shitty friend. I miss my buddy. You were right: Adam Sandler is fuckin' hysterical!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Stan, are you alright?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Yeah dude, I totally get it now. I can see how lame I was saying everything was, was shit."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Really? Uh, Stan, that's great. [smiles. Cartman leans back and looks over from the stand]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[squints his eyes] But Kyle, it's all shit! For real! It's all shit 'cause the aliens with AI and you and me are gonna fuck it all up! Come on! [turns around excitedly]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Dude. Have you been drinking?
Ass Burgers,Stan,"You're not listening to me, Kyle. Dude, we have to go do this one thing, and then everything can go back to normal!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"It's too late for that. Things just can't go back, Stan, uh. [Cartman takes a quick order, then looks back at Stan and Kyle] Ah-I'm with Cartman Burger now."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"...Dude, Cartman Burger? Seriously? How shitty- is that fuckin' concept? [Cartman walks over, drying his hands off in the process]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,See? There you go again. Look at you dude. Look what you've become.
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Everything alright here, Kyle?"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Yeah, it's fine."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,We're uh gonna need some more patties pretty soon.
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Yeah yeah, ahh I'll be right there."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Come on, Kyle. This is about you and me, remember?!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Look, dude, things around here have changed. Sometimes, the only way to keep going is to make a left turn."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[a couple of seconds of silence, then Stan gives him the finger.] Fuck you Kyle, you're a piece of shit! [Kyle sighs and walks back to the burger stand] ...Kyle, I love you. [Kyle reappears a few seconds later, and Stan gives him the finger again.] You're a piece of shit though. Fuck you! [Kyle turns heel and walks back towards the stand] ...I love you. [Kyle does not return]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Next morning, Stan's room. The radio alarm wakes him up at 7, as usual. Laughter comes from the speaker"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Big Harry and Mike in the Morning and in case you didn't catch last night's episode of [poop sounds], we're breakin' it down."
Ass Burgers,Mike,"Oh Big Harry, when the [poop sounds] ran into the [poop sounds]- [Stan sits up, then scoots towards the alarm]"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Nonono, no! How about when [poop sounds. Stan turns off the alarm, then hops off the bed.]."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Asperger's Research Center, day. Stan goes into the center with a bad headache. He has a hangover."
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,He's back! [the other members jump up and gather around Stan] Did you see the illusionary world again?
Ass Burgers,Neo,How does it feel to be back in the Matrix?
Ass Burgers,Stan,I feel like total shit.
Ass Burgers,Bald Guy,It's okay. That's just your brain levels adjusting back to the real world.
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Try and focus, Stan: we've found them! We know where the rock creatures are now."
Ass Burgers,Stan,The rock creatures?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Or aliens, or AI- things. Whatever, fuck you."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I canh- I... I can't do any..."
Ass Burgers,Neo,"He's gonna pop! [Stan vomits and falls over on his face. He passes out. The other members gather around him even closer. Fade to black. Some time later, Stan's eyes blink.]"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Come on kid, there's not a lot of time left."
Ass Burgers,Neo,You're pushin' him too hard!
Ass Burgers,Stan,Ugh God.
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Stan, you have to convince people they're living in a world of illusion. We're sending you back in! [a pair of doors in the ceiling slide open and a giant bottle of Jameson Irish Whiskey drops down, being held in place by a robotic arm. A nippled syringe pulls forward and enters Stan's mouth and begins pumping him full of whiskey. Stan can only look down helplessly]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,A darkened boardroom. Sevem shadowed figures sit around a boardroom table
Ass Burgers,Figure 1,"We all know why we are here. There's a rebellion in our midst and it must be SQUASHED OUT! [it's a McDonald's executive] We have to put an end, to Cartman Burgers. [the other executives seen are from KFC, Burger King, Pizza Hut, Subway, Chick-fil-A, and Taco Bell.]"
Ass Burgers,Other execs,"Yes, yes, but what do we do?"
Ass Burgers,KFC exec,At KFC we've seen a 50% drop in sales.
Ass Burgers,Pizza Hut exec,It's worse at Pizza Hut. Cartman Burgers choked out the market.
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"[gets up from his chair and paces a bit] What makes them so good? For whatever reason, these Cartman Burgers satisfy the taste cravings from all of our restaurants!"
Ass Burgers,Taco Bell exec,"[walks up to a chart and then turns to show the other execs.] There lies the secret. [eight restaurants are shown on the chart, including City Wok. An arrow from each of the restaurants points towards a Cartman Burger in the middle] It's the chemical compounds from all our flavors. Pizza Hut, Burger King, KFC, all somehow infused into one burger."
Ass Burgers,KFC exec,"[walks up to a whiteboard on which a chemical compound from each restaurant is shown being mixed in a beaker and the combined solution being distilled into the Cartman Burger] It's as if he's somehow taking all the ingredients of our food, breaking them down into some kind of... gas. And them somehow... infusing that gas into his hamburger. What kind of instrument could he be using to do this?"
Ass Burgers,Pizza Hut exec,It would have to be some sort of super Dutch oven.
Ass Burgers,Burger King exec,"But a Dutch oven with greater technology than we've ever seen. [Behind them, Stan breaks into the boardroom through the window]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[falls onto the floor] Aughah. [gets up and starts firing indiscriminately, moaning all the while. He falls on his back, fires off a few more shots, turns his head to his left side, and throws up. He passes out]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,Some time later. The execs have tied him down to a chair quite securely and wait a while. An arm reaches forward and tries to rouse him
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Hey! Wake up. Come on now, wake up! [looks at the Taco Bell Exec] Use the smelling salts! [the Taco Bell Exec puts an enchirito under Stan's nose]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[sniffs and then smacks his lips a bit, finally waking up] ...Enchirito?"
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,You know the secret?
Ass Burgers,Stan,What? You guys are aliens?
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,Stop playing with us! What's the secret behind Cartman Burger's amazing taste?!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I don't know!"
Ass Burgers,Taco Bell exec,He's lying! [reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a picture of Kyle] You see this kid in the picture? This guy is his best friend.
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,Ah ha!
Ass Burgers,Stan,I'm not friends with him.
Ass Burgers,Taco Bell exec,They've been through everything together. Inseparable.
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, no, we don't hang out anymore."
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Oho right, like someone would just walk away from a friendship like that?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I didn't walk away! I turned 10 and everything he wanted to do seemed shitty to me, so I-!"
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,Oh sure! Anyone would ditch out on their best friend 'cause they weren't feeling good! Now stop playing games and tell us why Cartman Burgers is so delicious!
Ass Burgers,Stan,I don't know!
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Alright, I guess we're going to have to do this the hard way."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman Burger, day. The place is packed with kids now. The crew is taking a break: Kenny and Butters are chatting by the grill as Kyle delivers some burgers to Cartman."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"There, ten mediums and five medium-rares."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Alright, I'll take these to the flavor enhancer."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Next please. [smiles, but quickly frowns upon seeing the next customer] Oh, hey."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Kyle, you've gotta tell me the secret to Cartman Burger."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,What are you doing?
Ass Burgers,Stan,How do you guys make them so yummy?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,I don't know.
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,[hiding in some bushes with the other execs] You'd BETTER get him to tell you or you're getting shot in the back of the head! [The Chick-fil-A exec has a sniper's gun trained on Stan's head. Stan is wearing an ear piece] You got that?!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[panicking, but with great restraint] Dude, just tell me the secret to Cartman Burger"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Why?! So that we can lose our business and everything can go back to old times?!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, because there's aliens with a sniper-chicken on me."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[rolls his eyes] Oh God! Look, I know you got Asperger's from the school and I I'm sorry. But your negativity is poison to me!"
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Oh, right. Like a friend would walk out on somebody who was diagnosed with a serious illness!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I'm sorry that I've been bumming you out, but it's not my fault!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"You said ""fuck you"" to my face, Stan."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I didn't realize what I was saying."
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Oh yeah, like any friend would say something that severe and then try to take it back."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Alright, look. I honestly don't know the secret, dude. Only Cartman does, and that's how it's gonna work for us."
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"[comes out of the bushes and goes to the stand] Goddamnit this is getting us nowhere! [the other execs follow him onto the sidewalk] Everyone get back! Do you wanna play hardball?! That's fine! [the Chick-fil-A exec wields his gun and the kids scream and scatter. The McDonald's exec goes to the Secret Last Process Booth] All right, let's see this mighty machine once and for all! [before he can see anything, he's gunned down by the drunken research center/Matrix members, who then start firing away indiscriminately with their semi-automatics]"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"[dispatching the Taco Bell exec] You vampire sons of bitches! [the Chick-fil-A, Burger King and Subway execs go down, then the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell execs]"
Ass Burgers,Neo,Haha! [accidentally shoots himself in the head and goes down]
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Alright, nice work Stan. Now comes the final step! You have to take out Duck President!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,Just stop it! You people are so full of shit!
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mathers,"Uh oh, looks like the serum is wearing off! [whips out a glass and a bottle of whiskey] Here, you'd better take some more! [pours the whiskey in the glass]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, I'm done with that! [slaps it away from the member's hand]"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"But Stan, you have to take down the bad guys and go through a personal transformation, so that everything can go back to the way it was!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"I don't want everything to go back to the way it was! [suddenly calm] I, I don't. [he steps over the broken bottle, leaves and joins the other kids, who have returned] You were right, Kyle. Sometimes, the only way to go forward, is to take a big left turn. I've been resisting it, but I'm ready now. I want you to stay with Cartman Burger, dude. It's okay. You're gonna do this and I'm gonna do my thing and ...my mom and dad aren't getting back together. But you know what? It's okay. In fact, it's better. Change is gonna bring new things to all of us. Where will Cartman Burger go from here? That'll be cool to see. And it opens me up to a whole new adventure, exploring... new relationships with all new people in town. [approaches one boy] Maybe this kid will become my new best friend. [then another] Or maybe this kid will."
Ass Burgers,Douglas,Wow. [smiles]
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Maybe it won't be like before, but... at least it'll all be new. And that's what's gonna make it so that I can keep going. For the first time in a long time, I'm really excited. [a horn and the sound of wheels stopping are heard]"
Ass Burgers,Randy,"[in the U-Haul truck] Stan? Stan! Get in the car, Stan! Your mom and I are movin' back in together!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,[his face drops] What?
Ass Burgers,Randy,"We worked it out, pal. Surprise!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, dad, no. No, please!"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"At the apartment, Stan's room, day. Sharon and Stan talk"
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"[somber and unsure] We talked a lot and, we know it's what's best for you kids and, I don't know..."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, Mom, sometimes you've got- a left turn."
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"People get older, Stanley. And as you get older you realize... the best thing to do is just... stick with what you know."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"""Landslide"" plays again, with everything going in reverse. The realtor removes the sign she had placed in front of the Marsh house. The Marsh family moves back in. Randy and Sharon work together to take the sofa back inside while Shelly carries her own box. Sharon sets up Stan's room again almost as he had it before they moved. Randy carries in another box of Stan's stuff. Stan looks out over the neighborhood from his window... which was apparently across from Cartman's house all this time, for he sees Cartman Burger and the crowd of kids and adults across the street."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"You were sticking these in your ass, Cartman?!"
Ass Burgers,Crowd,Eeewww!
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"The sitting president, who is a duck, is removed and Barack Obama resumes his presidency. In his backyard, Randy Marsh makes a small bonfire of all his Steamy Ray Vaughn stuff. At Stark's Pond, Wendy and Stan share a picnic, but he's not interested enough to puke on her. At the dinner table, Stan isn't eating, but looks down and away. Finally, in his bedroom, the radio wakes him up at 7 AM., like always. His favorite morning show comes back on"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,I like that!
Ass Burgers,Mike,Yeah.
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Big Harry and Mike in the Morning, talkin' about Two and a Half Men. I think Ashton Kutcher makes it the show to be seen, Mike."
Ass Burgers,Mike,"Yeah, but what about that movie Dolphin Tale? I am psyched for that!"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Dolphin Tale, Big Harry and Mike in the Morning. [Stan sits up] Let's hear one from the band Slamjammer and their song- [Stan turns the radio off. There's a knock on his door]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[enters with Cartman and Kenny] Dude, we're gonna see the new Zoopeeker movie!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,The Zookeeper 2: Zookeepier! [they walk back out and away.]
Ass Burgers,Stan,"...K, coming. [hops out of bed and puts on his coat, going through the motions. He walks out to join the boys, but a few seconds later he returns to open a drawer, pull out a bottle of whiskey, opens it, takes a swig of it, closes it, and puts it back in the drawer. He doesn't bother to put on his shoes. He closes the drawer and heads back into the hall]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, day. By the fence, Cartman, wearing a ranger hat and outfit, and some other boys in similar attire, have erected a small U.S. border with a sign saying ""Welcome to Texas"" on it. The sign also has an outline of the State of Texas on it. Cartman is patrolling the border with DogPoo and Jason. They are holding Super-Soakers and pop-guns, plastic forks are duct-taped to the fence. Cartman scans for illegals with his binoculars"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[turns around] Alright, y'all, keep your eyes peeled and your guns ready. [spits something out, wipes his lips clean with the back of his shirt sleeve, and returns to patrolling the border] There's a heap of Mexicans out there who want nothin' more than to sneak past our border, and we've gotta stop them!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Liane,"[walking out] Eric, you wanna say hi to Grandpa?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Not now, Mom! We're playing Texans versus Mexicans! Gah! [turns to the boys on the ground - Clyde, Craig, and Timmy] All right, patrol, you all know the drill. Not one Mexican is to get past this border! Not a single one! Yeehaw!"
The Last of the Meheecans,The other four,Yeehaw! [Timmy stays silent]
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"In the woods nearby, Butters leads five other boys in a plot to get past the U.S. border at Cartman's house - Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Jimmy, and Token"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Fellow Meheecans! This time, we're gonan try rushin' the Texans from the left side! Do not give up home, for I am Mantequilla! Viva la Meheeco!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Uh, Butters, I think we're gonna go back to Kyle being team leader."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[saddened] Oh, what, I'm not a good Meheecan?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"You're a great Meheecan, Butters, but maybe just not a leader of Meheeco."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Look, guys, all we need to do is split up and apply some good diversion tactics. We'll use the Texans' emotions against them."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Back at the border, Cartman scans the surrounding area, making sound effects while doing so"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[robot voice] Scanning for Mexicans. [more sound effects] Oh! [spots Kyle coming out of the woods] We've got a Mexican! [Clyde and Craig take up posts]
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Hey Texans! Let me through; we want a treaty!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[to the other boys] He's trying a simple diversion tactic, thinks we're stupid. [to Kyle] Ha ha! You're gonna have to do better than that, Mexican!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Better than being a fat-ass Texan!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Hey! Just because I'm Texan, it doesn't mean I'm fat!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"No, you're fat to begin with, chubby! Now you're Texan too!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! Oh yeah?! Well, you're a fuckin' Jew, Kyle! And now you're a Mexican Jew! You dirty, no good... Mexijew! [Stan sneaks in past a cardboard box labelled ""Christmas Ornaments""] Let's just see you try and-!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,Base! [the others turn to see Stan in their midst]
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Clyde?! [descends from his perch atop the border and goes to Clyde] What the fuck are you doin'?! You just let a Mexican through!
The Last of the Meheecans,Clyde,I was enthralled with the dialog exchange.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Ugh, yeah?! Well, you all need to stay focused, Goddamnit! [Token appears at the other end of the border and hops over] If you let yourselves get distracted for even one minute, we're gonna be overrun with these jobless, no good-!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Token,Base!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Dude!! [walks over to Craig] How did he get past the fence, Craig?!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,I didn't hear him coming with all your screaming.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Nobody's fuckin' screaming, Craig! Wake the fuck up! [Jimmy walks by in the foreground]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Jimmy,"Eh, b-base."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Oh, God! [throws down his hat]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, evening. All the boys are at the dining table eating dinner. Well, all except one. All of the ones present are laughing. Well, all except one."
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"So, so then, so then the pope says, ""Maybe you should go check the toilet."" [most of the other boys laugh]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,"Hey. Hey, I got one. [the other get quiet] Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Token,Why?
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,'Cause they're ugly and they stink. [most of the other boys laugh]
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Cartman, stop pouting that you lost the game."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,I'm not pouting! I've just heard all these jokes before!
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,So then don't have a slumber party if you're gonna be an asshole all night!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"At least I have an asshole, Kyle! [the boys laugh]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"As the boys enjoy themselves, the camera pulls back into the woods outside where it has begun to snow, far away we find one boy, shivering, sitting by a stream with a jug of water next to him, in this cold snowy night."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[thinking to himself] Boy, I've really done it this time. I have one simple direction: ""Go that way."" How did I end up getting lost? My amigos were right: I am a lousy Meheecan. They're all living the good life while I'm, while I'm stuck out here in Meheeco. I am... The Last of the Meheecans."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"""The Last of the Meheecans"" appears onscreen after the camera pans up into the sky"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[wanders around] Hello? Anybody? Come on Mantequilla, you have to find that border! [walks further away, and finds a road. He walks along the shoulder and shivers as he sings]  Lalala, lalala, Work Meheecan Work. Lalala, lalala, Work Meheecan Work. [A couple in a car drive up behind him]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh, careful darling, the storm is getting worse."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,It sure is. I-I can barely see. [Butters turns around and the woman suddenly sees him]</poem>
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh my God look out it's a Mexican! [the man loses control and hits Butters, who simply tumbles off the car and onto the shoulder, face down. The couple stops the car and goes to check on Butters. The wife turns him over]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Oh my God, are you alright?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Por favor, ehe, I have to get across the border. M-mis amigos, my a-, my amigos are waiting."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,Poor thing must have snuck across the border and then lost track of his family.
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"I, am Mantequilla, the last of the Meheecans."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The couple's house, night. There's something about the Spanish Colonial architecture in this house. The couple shows Butters to a spare room full of inspirational and religious messages. He will sleep here for the night"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"[showing him around the room] Guest room. Guest room. Bed, bed. Pillow. You're going to be okay. [kneels before him] Do you understand?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Darling, I don't know if we can keep him."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,What are we supposed to do?! Call the police?! And have him shipped back to Mexico like some animal?! [to Butters] Win-dow. Wiinnn-dow.
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Yep, window."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"[pleased] Bueno! [to her husband] He'll have so much more opportunity here than he ever would in Mexico! [to Butters] Window. Windooow. [gives him a bottle of] Win-dex. Wiiin-dex, Mantequilla. Paper towel. [squirts some Windex onto the towel and takes Butters to the window] Sí, sí Mantequilla [shows Butters how to clean the window, then leaves him to continue doing it himself]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Auhp, be sure to get the edges."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh darling, it's wonderful."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The boys have gone to sleep in the basement, the TV is now white noise and static, food, toys, video and board games litter the floor. Everyone is soundly asleep, sprawled out randomly atop pillows and sleeping bags, Timmy in his wheelchair, the camera zooms out to reveal Cartman tossing and turning in his sleeping bag."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[talking in his sleep] No. NO! Must protect the border! Everyone's gettin through! No! Clyde! We're losing! Kyle go through! Oh no, now Stan's through! And Jimmy! It's over! The only Mexican left is Butters; we've got... [wakes up] Butters! [gets up, then tries to get the others up] Hey! Wake up you guys! Wake up, losers!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,What are you talking about?
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Where is Butters?
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,[after a few seconds] He was with us at dinner. Wait. Was he with us at dinner?
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Yeah, I think he was? Wait."
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,Butters is one of those people who you can never remember if he was there or not.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Outside Cartman's house, night. The boys turn on the patio light and walk out through the sliding doors in back the snow is starting to cover the yard."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Butters?
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,Butters!
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"[hugs himself] Jesus, it's freezing out here. He, he could be dead."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[puts on his ranger hat, now speaking in his Texan voice] All right men, rally up! There's still a Mexican out there and he ain't gettin' through! [walks towards the woods, but stops long enough to tell Kyle] You haven't won yet! [smiles evilly and moves on] Game on!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,Game on!
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Wugh, game on. [puts on his mustache]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The couple's house, Morning. Butters is wearing a hairnet, washing dishes and humming to himself. His face is filthy."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Work, Mexican, Work. [hums some more] Work, Mexican, Work"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"[arrives at the kitchen entrance] Mantequiila? Mantequilla, come to the living room. We have a surprise for you. [leaves. Butters follows her out]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,The living room. A large box wrapped up and tied with a bow sits in the middle
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,Surprise! We've scraped some money together and got you something. [Butters grins]
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"It's a present, Mantequilla. Un presente."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Wow! A present just for me? [starts to unwrap it]
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,Oh he's such a happy little Mexican. [Butters finishes unwrapping it only to see a gas-powered leaf blower designed to be worn on the back]
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"How do you like that, Mantequilla? Your very own leaf blower! Hahah, I have no idea how it works, but I'm sure you do, huh. Say, how'd you like to go in the back yard and play? [moments later, Butters is in the back yard using the power blower to blow some leaves around. The couple watch him from a table with umbrella providing shade]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh look at him, darling. He's so happy."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Hup. Nono, Mantequilla! You're just blowing the leaves from one side to the other. Get them in one pile so you can use the garbage bags we loaned you."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Ah, sí señor."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,Oh he's so adorable.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"A song begins to play as Butters clears away the leaves. As the song plays, you see the following montage: Butters blowing leaves into piles, Butters washing he couple's care as they watch, Butters scooping leaves out of the pool as the couple plays in it with a beach ball, the boys pasting fliers all over town asking ""Have you seen this Mexican? Answers to 'Mantequilla.' Text *** 67319,"" Cartman and his border patrol watching for illegal aliens, Butters providing pedicures for the couple, Butters serving them ham, Butters washing more dishes, Stan and Kyle putting up billboards that echo what the fliers said, and Cartman looking into the woods. Seeing no one coming, Cartman lowers his binoculars and smiles. Butters now clean up the front yard."
The Last of the Meheecans,Singers,"Work, Mexican, work."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"All week long, bossman say"
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,"Work, Mexican, work."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Sing your Song, earn your pay"
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,"Work, Mexican, work.Work, Meheecan"
The Last of the Meheecans,Singers,Sweat
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Meheecan
The Last of the Meheecans,Singers,Toil
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Meheecan, it's your"
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,lot in life.
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,While people play in the sun all day
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,"Work, Mexican, work."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The couple's kitchen, later. The woman is at the breakfast nook crying and wiping away her tears with a tissue. The man sees her and gets worried, then walks into the kitchen."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Honey? Honey, what's wrong? [she looks up to see him]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"It's Mantequilla. We've tried giving him everything, but I don't think he's happy. Tonight I told him he could do whatever he wanted before bed - wash the windows, mop up our bathroom - but you know what he said? He said ""I need to go home."" I tried telling him ""your home is here, Mantequilla! ¡Tu casa es aquí!"" But I don't think he feels it."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Well, maybe if we let him paint the garage, he'll feel more like family and then-"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"No, Brian! In my heart I know it's true. He belongs with his own kind, Brian. He belongs with his own kind!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"El Pollo Loco, night. The couple drive up to El Pollo Loco and take Butters to the door. The woman is still weeping"
The Last of the Meheecans,Brian,"Come on, honey. [they walk back to the car]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Hey, where are you going?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,[turns around] No! Mantequilla bad! Go now!
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Ma'am, can I, can I just use your phone?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"No es bueno, Mantequilla! ¡No me mi-mires! ¡Por favor! ¡Por favor no mires! [they reach the car, get in, and drive off. The woman is still weeping]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"El Pollo Loco kitchen. Butters is sitting atop a prep table telling of his adventure, as a group of Latino workers go about making meals"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"So there I was, just yards away from the American border. All my amigos made it across, but I became lost in the woods. If the Whipples hadn't come along, I might have froze to death. But I'm not giving up, for I, am Mantequilla! [the workers all stop in shock and look at him, a utensil can be heard hitting the floor]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,Mantequilla?
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,Mantequilla?
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"¡Yo he escuchado de este niño! ¡He visto anuncios de el por donde quiera! [""I've HEARD of this kids! I've seen POSTERS and BILLBOARDS of him everywhere!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 3,"Sí. Es famoso! [""Yeah. He's FAMOUS!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Nothing can stop me, and my pride, in Mother Meheeco!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"¿Un niño gringo que quiere ses mexicano? [""A WHITE American kid who wants to be Mexican?""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 3,"Ay, tiempos han cambiado. [""Wow, times are really changing""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"No... no. ¿Saben qué? Mantequilla tiene derecho. ¿Por qué venimos a este país? ¡Vale madre aquí, 'mano! [""No... no, you know what? Mantequilla is RIGHT! Why did we even come to this country? It SUCKS HERE, MAN!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Hey! You fellas think you can get me across that border?
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"Debemos escuchar a este niño. ¡Mexico es mucho mejor que esto! [""We should listen to this kid. Mexico is better than this!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"All my amigos are there, waitin' for me."
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"Todos mis amigos están allí también.. [""All my amigos are back there too.""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,"¡A la chingada con esto! ¡Vamonos! [""Come on, screw this! Let's go!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 3,"Sí, ¡vamonos a la chingada!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Viva la Meheeco!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"A hospital, outside. An elderly man is being assisted by two Latinos, who are helping him out of an ambulance and onto a wheelchair"
The Last of the Meheecans,Doctor,"Alright, let's get him into ER."
The Last of the Meheecans,Elderly man,Careful w'my foot! [a car stops and a man whistles]
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,"¡Oye Yimenez! ¡Nos vamos a regresar, hombre! [""Hey Yimenez!!! We're going back, man!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Yimenez,"¿Qué? [""What?""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,"¡Este lugar es una mierda! ¡Nos regresamos a Mexico![""This place sucks! We're going back to Mexico!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,We're crossin' the border!
The Last of the Meheecans,Yimenez,"¡Jose! ¡Martinez! Nos vamos para atras para Mexico! [""We're going back to Mexico!"" The nurses and other Hispanic workers pour out of the hospital]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Olé!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The real Mexican border, day. There's no activity. One of the guards is looking through binoculars, the other larger guard is fanning himself with a rolled up newspaper"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 1,Pretty quiet out there.
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Yeah, a bit too quiet if you ask me. Gimme those! [takes the binoculars and looks through them]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 1,"Just seems like Mexicans don't try to cross into the US as much as they used to, you know?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Noo, they're out there, Charlie. Plottin' their next move. They'll do anything they can to get into the Land of Opportunity. [lowers the binoculars. The first illegals appear on the US side of the border and head towards the fence] And as long as this country offers everyone a better life, there's gonna be people clamorin' to get it. It's the curse of success, Charlie. [more aliens appear as the first ones hop over the fence] A great and wealthy nation will always be plagued [raises the binoculars and looks through them again] by the needy tryin' to-what the hell? [sees the Mexicans running into Mexico. The other guard notices too]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Charlie,"[scratches his head] Uhh, sir? Aren't them Mexicans runnin' into Mexico?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,[lowers his binoculars] That don't make sense.
The Last of the Meheecans,Charlie,[shouting to the returning illegals] You're going the wrong way!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,TV News break
The Last of the Meheecans,Anchorman,"You've heard of Mexican salsa, but Mexican pride? The phenomenon is called ""Orgullo de Mantequilla,"" where Mexicans are realizing it actually is starting to suck more here in the US. The borders are being flooded with Latin Americans trying to get back to their own countries. [Randy and Sharon are on the sofa watching the news]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Randy,"Well, I think it's good. [stands up and puts on his blazer, then walks to the front door] If the Mexican people feel inspired, good for them. People have a right to go and be happy. [opens the door and looks outside. Huge piles of leaves have been left on his front yard] NOOOOOO! [Audio clip is Darth Vader's voice from Star Wars Ep. III]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's watching the news too"
The Last of the Meheecans,Anchorman,"But just what has sparked the Mexican desire to live... in Mexico? Joining us now is economist Mark Geiger, and Mark, we've heard of Mexican ice cream, but Mexican patriotism?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Mr. Geiger,"Yes, it's a very odd phenomenon, Chris. Ih it just- [the front door opens and it's Stan and Kyle, who are pretty miffed for obvious reasons]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell is this?! [he's holding a poster Cartman designed: ""Wanted by U.S. Border Patrol. Permission to shoot on sight.""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"You guys, the game is over! Clearly I won. Give it up."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"""Wanted by the U.S. Border Patrol""?! ""Permission to shoot on sight""?!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"You guys were putting out fliers, I had to put some out too."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Butters has been missing for a week! You might have inadvertently gotten him killed!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Well then I inadvertently won the game, didn't I?[The news come back on, with Cartman glancing at his TV, with Kyle also staring, as Stan continues glaring at Cartman]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Chris,Do you have what it takes to join the Border Patrol? Border Patrol officers are looking for volunteers to help with the reverse immigration crisis.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Oh dude. Sweet.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Butters is asleep in a room, on a wooden bed. The floor is made of hexagon-shaped tile. On the cracked green wall behind him is a small framed painting of Frida Kahlo. He wakes up, gets off the bed, looks around, and walks towards a doorway completely naked except for his Mexico hat. He opens the double doors and steps outside. He rubs his eyes to get a better view. A small plaza full of people awaits his appearance, and everyone cheers"
The Last of the Meheecans,Crowd,¡Vamos Mantequilla! [Clap clap clap-clap-clap] ¡Vamos Mantequilla! [Clap clap clap-clap-clap] ¡Vamos Mantequilla! [Clap clap clap-clap-clap]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Oh uh, I'm sorry, [opens his arms wide] I don't really-"
The Last of the Meheecans,Crowd,Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. [he lowers his arms and the crowd quiets down. He raises them up and] Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. [he raises his right arm] ¡Oy! [he lowers his arm and raises it a little] ¡Oy! [now raises his left arm] ¡Orgullo! [opens his arms wide] Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. [the crowd members raise their arms and some begin to toss their hats in the air]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Wow.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,The U.S. border. Officer 2 briefs the new volunteers on their duties
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Welcome to the US Border Patrol. You volunteers are the key to keepin' this country safe and prosperous. [begins to walk back and forth] Every day, more and more Mexicans are tryin' to get past this fence and go back to their homes in Mexico. As border patrol officers our duty is to stop Mexicans from crossin' the border. We don't need to worry about the semantics of which direction they're going, we're just supposed to stop them! [pounds his left fist into his right hand] Marcus?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,The standard-issue border patrol weapon is the P-29 stun baton. [begins handing a baton to each volunteer] It carries a 4000 watt charge and is your best option for enforcin' border patrol law.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,This is gonna be so fuckin' sweet.
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,"The baton is non-lethal, but powerful e-"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 3,Hey! We got some! Mexicans at 2 o'clock! [hands his binoculars over to Officer 2]
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Let's get ready, recruits! Must be a couple dozen of them! [Cartman takes out his own binoculars and begins scanning and providing his own sound effects] This is the US Border Patrol! Stop where you are! Turn around and get back to work!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,"There's too many of 'em! We're gonna need backup! [Cartman goes to a nearby water truck and opens a spigot, which releases water and creates a large puddle. The Mexicans run into the puddle and stand there. Cartman tosses his baton into the puddle, electrocuting the Mexicans.]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"You're pretty good at stoppin' Mexicans, son. What's your name?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Cartman. Eric T. Cartman.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"San Francisco, Later. The Mexicans are rounded up and taken to San Francisco to be released. What follows is a montage parody of Border Wars: first, shots of a border crossing showing four lanes of cars waiting to get into Mexico. A U-Haul truck is opened up and its cargo of Mexicans is removed from the trailer. A nighttime patrol shows Cartman with some other officers in a boat. They intercept a smaller boat with Mexicans trying to row to Mexico, then escort them back to shore near Santa Monica. The third shot shows Cartman on a helicopter with two other officers. He points at a sign on the ground. The helicopter drops him off near the sign and he turns it around to fool unsuspecting Mexicans, grins, and hides behind some bushes. Some Mexicans stand in line to get unemployment checks, and one of them gets a flag from Officer 2"
The Last of the Meheecans,Narrator,"Dedicated. Patriotic. Tireless. These are the men and women of the US Border Patrol. They work around the clock protecting America's prosperity. They are the front line in making sure Mexicans stay here and work. The border patrol is uncompromising, diligent, and kewl. They will defend, arrest, and most importantly, let the Mexicans know that they are way better off here in the United States."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Días De Mantequilla. Butters has earned himself a festival - Butters Day - in what looks like Mexico City, complete with mariachis and a portrait of him mimicking the famous portrait of Our Lady of Guadalupe. Among the sights at this festival: little kids dancing, señoritas dancing nearby, a man wearing a large papier-mâché Mantequilla head is entertaining children, people are buying Mantequilla shirts at the Tienda de Orgullo, kids trying to burst open a piñata of Mantequilla. A girl runs by with a small Mexican flag. One of the kids breaks open the piñata and the others rush in for the candy."
The Last of the Meheecans,President Calderón,"¡Hoy celebramos el primer día de Mantequilla, honrando el espiritu de México! [""Today we celebrate the FIRST day of Mantequilla, honoring the spirit of Mexico!"" Everyone claps for Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Thanks everyone. [hops onto the table] It suer has been great gettin' to know you all. You've been really great amigos. [gets sad] It's really kind of made me... appreciate my amigos back home. I know they were waitin' for me, and I'm sure they're all worried sick."
The Last of the Meheecans,President Calderón,"Mantequilla, tu tienes que hacer una decisión. Los Estados Unidos están de baja, y claro, México pronto será el mejor lugar. Pero como Mexicanos, nosotros sabemos que nada es más importante que la famlia, y amistades. Estás invitado a vivir con nosotros, Mantequilla, pero tienes que seguir tu corazón. ¿Quieres quedarte aquí con nosotros, o quieres estar con tus amigos? [""Mantequilla, you have a decision to make. The United States is on the decline, and clearly, Mexico will quickly become the better place to be. But as we Mexicans know, nothing is more important than FAMILY and FRIENDS. You are welcome to live with us, Mantequilla, but you must follow your heart. Do you want to stay here with us, or do you want to go back to your amigos?""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[aside to the Mexican sitting at the table with him] ...What did he say? Ah I actually don't speak Spanish.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The US Border. Cartman stands front and center scanning the horizon, with other soldiers and volunteers taking breaks."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[robot voice] No Mexicans detected. [normally] Huh, nothing."
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 4,"[Richards] Let's face it: they've just about all gotten back across. No matter how hard we tried, the Mexicans all got across the border."
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"When we asked Obama to stop illegal immigrants, we didn't mean to make the US so shitty they wouldn't wanna come anymore."
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,"[along in the lookout tower, as bored as the others, he suddenly sees something, sits up, and rushes to tell the others.] Hey! Hey wait a minute! [whips out his binoculars and gets a better look.] It's a Mexican! [It's Mantequilla] I think he wants to come back in! [Officer 2 climbs the ladder and gets a better look]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Oh my God it is! [puts down the binoculars and happily waves his hat at Butters] Hey! Hey! Come on in! [bangs at the tower and whistles] Come on! Come on! Come on, it's okay! [Butters draws closer, smiling. guard 2 addressed the other officers and volunteers] The fuck are you doing?! Get that gate open! [an officer and a volunteer happily oblige. The other officers and volunteers are smiling too]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 5,"Come on, buddy!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Other Officers,"Come on now, come on! You've got it. [Cartman gets up on the tower and uses his own binoculars]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Wait a minute, isn't that..."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[looking back at him] Game on!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[squints his eyes] Oh no you don't! [takes Officer 2's sidearm and fires at Butters.]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[dodging the bullets] AAAH!
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,[takes his weapon back] Fuck are you doin'?!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"That asshole is not getting across my border! [Butters either fails to see the open gate, or it was closed while Cartman was firing at him, because he starts climbing the fence. Cartman quickly gets down to intercept him, but decides that electrocuting the fence would get Butters off it, and it works]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,AAAAH! [falls and gets up] I'll get over! [runs farther away from the tower]
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[gives chase] No you won't Butters!
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[sees a gray burro and jumps up on him] Giddy up! [gallops away. Cartman gets on a pale gray burro and whistles, and gallops after Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Mexico City, day. The Mexicans have huddled around just one radio and are listening to the play-by-play provided by a commentator. Since the Spanish lines are not translated here, I will provide them"
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"Un otro shoto de Mantequilla. Y Manteque-ah. ¡Oh! ¡Una arma! Una arma del El Niño Gordo! [""Another shot of Mantequilla! And Mantequi-ah. Oh! A firearm! The fat kid's firearm!"" Apparently Cartman was firing at Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Mexicans,Ohhh!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The US Border. Butters and Cartman ride past the tower, and Cartman finds himself fired upon. He turns and sees the border patrol after him"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Ey!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,Mexico City.
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"Mantequilla ayudar ¡1a Border Patrol! [""The Border Patrol is coming to Mantequilla's aid!"" The Mexicans cheer]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"El Río Bravo. Butters is now speeding away in a small boat, and Cartman is chasing him in a Border Patrol boat."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"¡Respeto mi autóridad! [""Respect mah authoritah!"" Again, Cartman is fired upon, and his boat begins to sink. This time, the border patrol is in a helicopter firing away]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,Mexico City.
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"Border Patrol pegaron ¡El Cero Gordo! [""The border patrol hit the Fat Zero!"" Next, Cartman is on an ATV and stops to look for Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,The US Border.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Where the fuck did he go?! [in the background, Butters can be seen riding by on his burro. Cartman sees him and gives chase. Just before Cartman reaches him, Butters blinks. Cartman jumps off his ATV and tackles Butters off his burro, and they both end up on the desert ground, with Cartman on top] Haha! Game over, Butters! You lose! [Butters apparently collapses] The fuck is this?! [instead of seeing the real Butters, Cartman sees a life-size piñata of him. The head separates from the body and candy falls out] No. NO! [Butters is climbing the fence]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[taunting] Haha! Heheeheeheehahaheehee!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! [Butters goes over the border fence and jumps down]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Base! [dances around with his arms outstretched]
The Last of the Meheecans,Mexicans,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! [Butters gets on his knees and slides into a pose]
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"El mirito, vinto! [the Mexicans celebrate. The border patrol celebrates as well, and Butters dances, the ""Mexican Hat Dance"" starts playing]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's dining room, evening. The boys are back at the table eating dinner, with Butters sitting between Craig and Kyle. The boys are laughing and telling jokes to each other"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"So then, so then the fireman says ""That won't even fit in my scrotum!"" [the boys laugh again]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"[noticing Cartman] Stop being a pouty little bitch 'cause you lost, Cartman!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"I'm not pouting! I'm just... sensitive to fireman jokes 'cause of 9/11 and uh, uh... fuck you, Kyle!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Boy, I'm so glad I proved I'm a good Meheecan! Hey, maybe next time I can be team leader!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Ahhh, I think we'll stick with Kyle, dude. You made it across the border, but it did take you... two and a half weeks."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Yeah, you're a great Meheecan, Butters, just not a great leader of Meheeco. [everyone falls silent. Butters stands up on his chair and raises his arms slowly]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Mexicans,"[responding to his gesture] ¡Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... [A baby responds to it, as do three Mexican fisherman out at sea. Craig and Kyle look all around, and then at Butters. Butters thrusts his right arm out twice.] ¡Oy! ¡Oy! [Butters thrusts his left arm out once] ¡Orgullo! [raises both arms again] ¡Maaantequilla! [now all his friends are looking at him]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[sighs gruffly and rolls his eyes] A Baptist priest with a huge boner walks into a bar...
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallway. Butters walks with Kenny, Stan and Kyle are at their lockers, and Cartman comes into view at the far end of the hallway"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"YOU GUYS! Oh my God, you guys! [runs up to Butters, Kenny, Stan, and Kyle] You're never gonna guess what! [stands among them] Seriously you guys, guess what??"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"You guys, you know Pete Melman? [no one answers] Fourth Grade, Mr. Bart's class?"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,The blond kid?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, Pete Melman!"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What about him?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"He crapped his pants today during social studies! He had to go to the nurse's office, and have his mom bring him a fresh pair of jeans! [begins to cackle]"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,[angry] How do you know?!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Because, dude, it's all over Eavesdropper!"
Bass to Mouth,Butters,Eavesdropper?
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,What's that?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Puhah! You guys don't follow Eavesdropper? [whips out an iPhone and starts looking for the Eavesdropper article] It's a Web site about all the students in the school! [The web site screams ""Exclusive! Pete Melman Craps Pants At School!"" at you. Part of the page has a picture of Pete on there, with a 'play' button to play a recording]"
Bass to Mouth,Clyde,"[appears at the far end of the hallway] Hey, did you guys see Eavesdropper? Pete Melman shit his pants! [runs off to tell others]"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, I'm showin' the guys! [gets back to his phone] Check it out. Eavesdropper got a hold of the phone call from the nurse to Pete Melman's mom. [touches the 'play' button] Just listen, listen listen."
Bass to Mouth,Nurse Bronski,"Hello Mrs. Melman, this is the school nurse. I'm afraid your son has had a little accident. [Cartman snickers quietly]"
Bass to Mouth,Mrs. Melman,"Oh no, what is it? Is he okay?"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Turn it up. [Cartman obliges]
Bass to Mouth,Nurse Bronski,"No no, it's not serious, but he went number two during class. [Cartman grins big, Butters grins a little, Kyle is a little disgusted] I'm afraid he's gonna need a new pair of pants and underwear, and a clean pair of socks."
Bass to Mouth,Craig,"Hey, did you guys see Eavesdropper?"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, we're listenin' to it! [laughs. Craig moves on]"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,"Dude, that's so wrong!"
Bass to Mouth,Butters,[moves off] Hey! Pete Melman pooped his pants and uh had to have his mom bring him new undies!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Okay okay, so what do we call Pete Melman when we see him? I was thinking, ""Poopypants Pete"", but th- but then I also thought of ""Mushpants Melman."""
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,[over the PA system] Attention South Park Students: will the following students report to the Principal's office immediately? Eric Cartman? Thank you.
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Oh Jesus, what now?! [goes to the office]"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"Principal's office, faculty room. Cartman sits at one end of the faculty table while Principal Victoria sits at the other end, flanked by Mr. Mackey on her right and Mr. Adler on her left. The clock reads 2:03 p.m."
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"Eric, as you might have heard, a student here in South Park Elementary had an accident in the classroom."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Puh-I know, dude. Pete Melman crapped his pants. So freakin' funny! [slaps the table and laughs]"
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"Oookay, but you probably understand that for Pete, it isn't that funny. For him it's embarrassing and terrifying."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Tchehe, right. That's why it's super funny to me."
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"Eric, it has been almost one year since Corey Duran defecated in his pants here in school. Now, you remember what happened to him?"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"[smiles] Yeah, he killed himself."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Yes, and the reason he killed himself, Eric, was that the ridicule and the torment from other students, [points] spearheaded by you, cause him-!"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,Hey! Whoooa.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Spearheaded by you, m'kay, made him feel there was no other way out."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"'Kay, whoa, whoa! We've been through this, you cannot put Corey Duran's death on me! I'm not the one who crapped him pants in front of everyone!"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Adler,"Eric, we are asking you to please just remember what happened to Corey and not let it happen to Pete."
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,Please just let it go.
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,You're asking me to simply ignore a kid who - excuse my language but I have to be harsh here - a kid who shits in his pants in front of everyone - to just ignore that so he can have a normal life?!
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"We are hoping that if you don't fan the flames, Eric, the other students might forget might forget about it!"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Do you really think information like this will just die down? There's Internet! There's Eavesdropper! You might be worried Pete Melman is gonna kill himself, but the truth is, he was dead the second he crapped his pants."
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"[stands up and walks to the window, then looks out] Alright Eric, here's the deal: This school cannot have another suicide on its hands. We want you to see Pete Melman through this, and turn public opinion around."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,[scoff] Heh! You're crazy! It can't be done!
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"If Pete Melman does not kill himself, [turns around] we will make it very worth your while."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,You aren't listing to anythin- [checks himself] Make it worth my while how?
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallway again. Must be a rainy day, as some of the kids are eating lunches in the hall. Butters, Craig, and Stan walk towards the camera, with Craig looking at his iPhone. The three are laughing. Kyle appears and approaches them"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,No way.
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,What's up?
Bass to Mouth,Stan,The-hay've got a video of Pete Melman's mom showing up with fresh underwear on Eavesdropper!
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,"Dude, that's fucked up."
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Come on dude, it's pretty funny."
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,It's funny that something that should be completely private is put up on a Web site for everyone to see??
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Yeah dude, that's pretty funny."
Bass to Mouth,Butters,It's megasuperhilarious! [a girl is putting her books away when Cartman approaches her]
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Uh, hey Jenny. 'Sup?"
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,What do you want?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Did you hear about Pete Melman? Pretty messed up, huh?"
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,"[gets her bag lunch, closes her locker and walks away] Yeah, it's gross! [Cartman stands by her locker for a moment, then catches up to her]"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"So... whatcha doin' for lunch? Uh, my mom packed me the best stuff. She even baked cupcakes. [takes out a box of cupcakes from his backpack]"
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,[unimpressed] So what?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,I was just thinking that... m-m-maybe we could... eat lunch together. I've always kind of... [gulps] liked you.
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,I don't like you!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"I know. Uh, I know you don't like me back. I ju- Yeah, you know, the- this was stupid, I'm sorry. Will you just take a cupcake? [getting uncomfortable, he puts the cupcake in the box and the box away in his back pack] Oh, don't take the cupc- I, I'm sorry. I, I'm sorry I wasted your time. [walks quickly away]"
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,"Hey. Wait. [Cartman stops and Jenny catches up] Look, I'm sorry. That was mean. I'd love to try one of your mom's cupcakes."
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"Fourth grade, Mr. Garrison's class. The kids have all taken their seats. Mr. Garrison is going over a test on sea life."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Garrison,"And now number 17 many of you got wrong as well. The correct answer was D, whales are mammals. [Jenny gets a sharp pain in her stomach]"
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,Oh! Gahhh. Ohf.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Garrison,They're not fish like some of you retards chose.
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"[concerned, while Mr. Garrision is talking] You okay, Jenny?"
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,"Yeah, I'm fine, I just- Awwgh! [can't stand it much longer] M-Mr. Garrison? Can I please [winces] be excused?"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Excused? Oh, oh but we are in the middle of class. [Jenny moans even more]"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Garrison,What's the matter?
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,"Gah, I just need to go to the restroom!"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Garrison,"Well, okay."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Uh, Mr. Garrison, I don't think that's quite fair, uh I mean, you rarely let us get up and leave during the class."
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,Please! I've gotta go now!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Well, just give it a couple of minutes, Jenny. It could just be a cramp."
Bass to Mouth,Jenny,"[leaves her seat] No, Mr. Garrison, I've gotta- go- AAAH! [lets out a wet fart]"
Bass to Mouth,Class,Eeeeww! [Jenny can't hold it in. Bebe and Stan leave their seats while Cartman stands on his desk]
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Oh, my God! Jenny Simons crapped her pants! [Millie, Token, and Wendy leave] Did you guys hear that?! Oh, my God! [Kyle and Clyde leave] It's WAY worse than Pete Melman was!"
Bass to Mouth,Kids,Ew!
Bass to Mouth,Butters,Sick!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,WAY worse!
Bass to Mouth,Timmy,Run. [Jenny begins to bawl]
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"Principal's office faculty lounge. Mr. Adler, Principal Victoria, and Mr. Mackey have gathered again to meet with Cartman. Silence fills the room"
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,...The Doctors say that Jenny Simon barely survived the fall. Jumping off the school roof fractured her pelvis.
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Alright, kewl."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"[shoots back] No, not cool! M'kay, she's on suicide watch, Eric! She's given up on life!"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"You said Pete Melman couldn't kill himself! By making Jenny Simons crap her pants worse than Pete, I've made her the number one story on Eavesdropper! [shows them the story on his iPhone]"
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"[shoving her chair aside. It falls to the floor] That's wasn't the point, Eric! Nobody was supposed to kill themselves! Unless you fix this our deal is off!"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Nobody can be made fun of for crapping their pants, and nobody can die!"
Bass to Mouth,The three adults,Yes!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Jesus Christ! [thinks hard] Okay, okay. [squeezes his eyes shut, puts his hands over them, removes the right hand] Um, Jesus- [removes the left hand] ah... Okay, look. [the adults lean in a bit] Okay those, those tests we took last week? The state efficiency tests? How did we do on those?"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Our students did average, maybe just below average."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Okay, no, they all did awesome! In fact our students did so good on the tests that you... [turns his head left for a moment, still hasn't opened his eyes] you decided to reward them all. At lunch you're serving the students pizza from Pizza Hut! But we're going to put laxatives and Arby's horsey sauce in the pizza so that every kid in the school craps their pants after recess. Everyone craps their pants, nobody's singled out, problem solved. [Victoria, Adler, and Mackey just stare at him]"
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,That's insane!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Okay, well, if you have a better idea, then why am I here? [Mr. Adler looks at Principal Victoria, Principal Victoria looks at Mr. Mackey, Mr. Mackey places a call.]"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, hi, Jan, it's Counselor Mackey. Uh... how long would it take to organize a Pizza Friday for the students? Yeah, yeah... no, they uh, they actually did really well on the state exam. Yeah, mkay."
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The school hallway, day. Butters, Craig and Stan are laughing at another Eavesdropper headline as Kyle rounds the corner behind them. Kyle walks up to them"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Dude, check it out! Eavesdropper found an e-mail from Jenny Simons' boyfriend calling her ""soft-serve Simon."""
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,That's not funny.
Bass to Mouth,Craig,"Hey, here's a post about Token: ""Token Black's Private Gym Photos"" [laughs]"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] I'm not looking at that!
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Come on, dude, it's pretty funny!"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,It wouldn't be funny if that Web site posted something about you!
Bass to Mouth,Stan,I wouldn't care.
Bass to Mouth,Craig,Exclusive: Stan Marsh thinks Elise Thompson has a hot butt crack.
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What?
Bass to Mouth,Craig,"""In an email sent yesterday to KENNY McCormick, Stan Marsh wrote 'Dude, you should have been in PE today. Elise Thompson's butt crack was totally showing.' He went on to call her butt crack quote 'nice' and that the whole experience was quote 'pretty awesome'."""
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"[sees Kenny and walks up to him at his locker] Kenny! Kenny, what the fuck?!"
Bass to Mouth,Kenny,(What?)
Bass to Mouth,Stan,How did Eavesdropper get a hold of my e-mail to you?!
Bass to Mouth,Kenny,(I don't know.)
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Do you just leave your e-mails open for everyone to read?!
Bass to Mouth,Kenny,(No!)
Bass to Mouth,Stan,That was a private e-mail from me to you! [notices a pissed-off Wendy approaching] Hey Wendy.
Bass to Mouth,Wendy,"You like looking at girls' butt cracks, Stan?!"
Bass to Mouth,Kenny,"(Oh, fuck. I'm gettin' out of here!) [closes his locker and leaves]"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"No, I was telling Kenny he would like it."
Bass to Mouth,Wendy,Do you have any idea how embarrassed I am?! [Stan leans away a bit]
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Wendy, it was just a quick e-mail to Kenny. New stories pop up on Eavesdropper every hour. People are gonna forget all about this."
Bass to Mouth,Wendy,"So you didn't e-mail anybody else about Elise Thompson's butt crack, right?! [Stan stays silent]"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,South Park Elementary Library. Stan has convened a meeting of some of his classmates and is now at the podium
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"This is an issue of trust and privacy! We have to all work together to put an end to Eavesdropper once and for all! [The others present are Red, Kenny, Butters, Craig (looking at his iPhone), Wendy, Kyle, Bebe, and Token. Kyle raises his hand] Yes, Kyle."
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,"So, just to be completely clear, now it isn't funny, right?"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Ugh, What's funny about having our private lives hacked into?!"
Bass to Mouth,Wendy,Specially when they're writing about your boyfriend's addiction to crack. [Butters laughs at Wendy's wisecrack in a weird way]
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Shut up Butters! What we have to find out is who in the school is running Eavesdropper! I've done an extensive profile, and I've narrowed it down to somebody in this very room! [the other eight look at each other] Now whoever you are, you're a gossiping little bitch! [pounds the podium with his fists] And we're not gonna-!"
Bass to Mouth,Craig,[reading off his iPhone] It's not somebody in this room.
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What? How do you know?
Bass to Mouth,Craig,"Because whoever it is just now posted a new story on Eavesdropper: ""Allison Taft reveals embarrassing secret about Craig Tucker."" [laughs] Yeah. Hey wait, that's me."
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Where is it coming from?
Bass to Mouth,Craig,Huh?
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,If it's on the school network we can track the IP address. [takes Craig's iPhone and sets about tracing the IP address. The kids head into the hallway and pass by the music room] This way. In here. [they stop at the music room door] Whoever it is using the computer in the music room.
Bass to Mouth,Stan,We only have music class on Thursday.
Bass to Mouth,Wendy,Of course. A kid could use the computer in there and nobody would know.
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Get ready guys. Whoever is in here is the kid that's hacking our e-mails and phone calls! You guys ready?!
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Oh I'm ready!
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,"One. [Stan makes fists and tenses up] Two. Three! [opens the door and the nine kids run in, but they're all surprised at what they see. It's a gerbil typing away into the Eavesdropper Web site. This week on Spee: Jenny Simons Still On Suicide Watch]"
Bass to Mouth,Craig,It's a rat! [the gerbil noticed them and runs away]
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Get it! [the kids give chase. Craig and Kyle run into each other and fall trying to get the gerbil. Bebe and Token fall giving chase]
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Don't let him get away!
Bass to Mouth,Token,He's gone!
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What the hell? A stupid rat is in charge of Eavesdropper?
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Wikileaks. [Kyle is now at the computer looking at the login screen] It says here his name is Wikileaks.
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"A boy's bedroom, full of panda stuff. On the boy's desk is a cage with a gerbil in it - Lemmiwinks. He runs in his wheel for a while, then steps off it for a sip of water. When he's done, the Frog King appears before him"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"Lemmiwinks! I come with news of great gravity. Another rodent is out there, spreading terrible rumors and hacking e-mails. [Lemmiwinks makes some noises] Yes. And I'm afraid the ne ws is worse. The creature doing this, Lemmiwinks, is your brother, Wikileaks!"
Bass to Mouth,Singer,"Wikileaks, the bum hacker with a heart of doom.Everyone knows the gerbil king, but no one ever speaksOf Lemminwinks's brother, the evil Likiweaks..."
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"Once again Wikileaks is trying to wreak havoc on our world. Only you can stop him, Lemmiweaks."
Bass to Mouth,Singer,"Lemmiwinks, King of Gerbils, stop your brother of doom!"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Two girls chat by some lockers"
Bass to Mouth,Emily,It's just so embarrassing. What if the other girls find out my mother is in rehab?
Bass to Mouth,Tammy Nelson,"It's okay Emily. Can I tell you a secret? My mom has a drinking problem too. [above them, Wikileaks is recording everything they say]"
Bass to Mouth,Emily,Really? You too?
Bass to Mouth,Tammy Nelson,"That's just between us, okay?"
Bass to Mouth,Emily,"Of course, Tammy. I'm really glad I shared this with you. [Stan and his gang spot Wikileaks]"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Stop that rat! [Wikileaks jumps off the lockers and runs for the computer lab]
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The Computer Lab, moments later. Wikileaks jumps onto the first computer he sees, logs in, and starts typing in his latest headline: ""TAMMY NELSON AND JEN MARX 'HELP!' OUR MOMS ARE VICIOUS DRUNKS!¡"" The gang catches up to Wikileaks"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Knock it off! [Wikileaks hops off and heads for the nearest air vent, and makes his escape]"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,The school library. A boy is typing into his iPhone
Bass to Mouth,Tommy Edwards,"I just want you to know that I have a hure crush on you and- [Wikileaks runs by and snatches the phone away in his teeth] HEY! [Wikileaks runs to the nearest computer, logs in, and types in the latest headline: ""TOMMY EDWARDS HAS A CRUSH ON MARLA WATKINS"" Butters looks in and spots Wikileaks. Wikileaks notices him]"
Bass to Mouth,Butters,NO Wikileaks! Bad!
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, at that moment. In the kitchen Mr. Adler, Principal Victoria, Cartman, and Mr. Mackey add Ease-Lax laxatives to the pizzas just brought in from Pizza Hut"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yup, a few more laxatives on that one, a little more Arby's horsey sauce on there, mhm."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Eh, Is this one good?"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yeah, I think they're all ready."
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"You sure this will work, Eric? What if some of the students don't eat the pizza?"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,It doesn't matter. Enough students will crap their pants to make everyone forget about Pete Melman and Jenny Simons forever.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Alright Eric, well, well get back to class. We don't want anyone seeing you in here with us."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Uh, hold on just a second! I believe we discussed the little matter of my payment?! [leaves the preparation table and faces them] I'm not letting you guys screw me over again. Give me what I wanted, now!"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Alright, fine. Bring her in, Adler. [Mr. Adler leaves, then returns with a grinning Selena Gomez]"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,Oh my God! Selena Gomez! You [gasp] you actually got her to come! [grins]
Bass to Mouth,Selena Gomez,Hi Eric. I understand you really wanted to meet me. Wanna get a picture together?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"No thanks. Okay, proceed."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"I/m sorry about this, Ms. Gomez. [Mr. Mackey punches her on the stomach twice. Cartman is awed, then smiles. Principal Victoria then smashes Gomez on the head with a baking tray] Alright, get her the fuck out of here. [Mr. Adler hauls Ms. Gomes away.]"
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"Okay, Eric, you got what you wanted. Are we straight?"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,That. Was. Amazing.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Alright now, get back to class! Adler, get rid of those laxative bottles! Trash all the Arby's horsey sauce packages too! There cannot be one piece of evidence of what we did here! [they hear some small gerbil sounds] What the? [notices Likiweaks on a shelf recording the action] Oh shit! [Wikiweaks runs away] Stop that rat!"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The boy's bedroom, day. Lemmiwinks is back in his wheel, exercising"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"Alright Lemmiwinks, we should probably get going now... The time is nigh, Lemmiwinks. Let us chase your destiny. [The Sparrow Prince flies in through the open window and lands on the upper edge of the gerbil cage] Ah! Sparrow Prince! What news do you bring?"
Bass to Mouth,Sparrow Prince,Wikileaks grows stronger with each passing moment. [jumps down into the cage] The birds are tweeting that he is about to release his biggest story yet.
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,Then the moment is truly here! Come Lemmiwinks! Let us make haste! Le-le-Lemmiwinks? His heart is so heavy. I weep for him.
Bass to Mouth,Sparrow Prince,"Indeed. Could you do it, Frog Prince? Could you kill your own brother?"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,I thank God I don't have to make that decision. [the two of them then just observe Lemmiwinks.] We might need to bring in some outside help.
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"Back in the music room, Stan is on the computer as the other eight kids look on"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"You see? There, look! It says Eavesdropper's biggest story every is coming out this afternoon."
Bass to Mouth,Butters,Biggest story about who?
Bass to Mouth,Craig,There's no telling. It could be about any of us. [Stan gets off the computer and notices something happening above him as a blinding light appears. The light softens to reveal the Catatafish]
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,"Well met, children of Adam. I, am Catatafish."
Bass to Mouth,Singers,Catatafish of the Salmon School.
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,What?
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,I come asking for your help. There is only one thing that can stop Wikileaks. But right now Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner.
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Lemmiwinks? Our old class gerbil?
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,What is that thing?
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,"I am Catatafish. I am a great wizard and, I am a friend. And I'm a ghost, besides of course being a fish."
Bass to Mouth,Singers,Catatafish's tale will soon be told.
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Do you know why a gerbil is running around hacking our phone calls and putting our secrets up on the Internet?
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,"He does it purely for reasons of evil. And his treachery is not limited to humans. Wikileaks posted exaggerated things about me, too. He posted on his Web site that I had sex with an underage fish, and that I made her perform bass to mouth. If you accept this quest you will help the Gerbil King defeat Wikileaks once and for all! But the choice is yours. I'm not here to make you do anything. Like that underage salmon. I didn't make her do anything. If she wants to do bass to mouth, how is it my fault?"
Bass to Mouth,Singers,Catatafish made a salmon suck asshole.</poem>
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,"No! No, see, that's wrong! It's being exaggerated again!"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Just tell us where Lemmiwinks is being held prisoner so we can kill this stupid rat!
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,"Careful child! I assure you, Wikileaks is anything but stupid, except when he said I made that teenage fish perform ass to trout. That was stupid and untrue. Did I say ass to trout? I meant to say bass to mouth, though I guess it's basically the same thing, not that I did it."
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The faculty restroom. Principal Victoria looks outside to make sure there's no one or nothing around, then closes the door and locks it. Mr. Mackey checks behind the mirrors for bugs while Mr. Adler checks the stalls"
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"Alright, are we sure we're alone?"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"We're alone, now what the hell are we gonna do?"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Adler,What can we do? We're all gonna get fired!
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,This story hasn't gone up on Eavesdropper yet. Maybe it won't!
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Oh right! ""The School Faculty Tries To Poison All Their Students."" That's not gonna be on Wikileaks!"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Adler,"Oh, let's just face it: We made our beds when we enlisted Eric Cartman's help. We have to lie in them."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,All we were tryin' to do was keep another one of our students from killing themselves! We're not bad!
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,"No, no, we're not bad."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"We're not bad. I mean, maybe what we needed was just to think outside the box here. I mean, if there's anything we've learned is that the only thing that makes a juicy story go away is a juicier story."
Bass to Mouth,Principal Victoria,What's a bigger story than all the students being made sick?
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Adler,Our students committing suicide?
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,Hey that's right. Corey Duran killed himself last year and we're STILL dealing with the fallout. Maybe there is a way out of this. But we're gonna have to throw Eric Cartman under the bus.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Adler,How do we do that?
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,We get a bus... and then we... throw Eric Cartman under it.
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The boy's house, day. The gang of nine kids has arrived at Lemmiwinks' new home and Stan and Kyle are pounding on the front door."
Bass to Mouth,Mrs. Trumski,[answering the door] Yes?
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Hi. Does a Vernon Trumski live here?
Bass to Mouth,Mrs. Trumski,"Yes, Vernon's around somewhere."
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Come on, guys! [charges in with the other kids. Mrs. Trumski is about to close the door when Catatafish floats in]"
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,Excuse me.
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"Vernon's room, moments later. The kids find Lemmiwinks in his cage"
Bass to Mouth,Butters,There he is! [the kids go to the cage] It's Lemmiwinks! [climbs the chair beside Lemminwink's cage]
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Quick, we need something to carry him in!"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Here's a shoebox! [goes for the shoebox. Vernon walks in at that moment]
Bass to Mouth,Vernon,Hey! What are you doing with my gerbil?!
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"We just need to borrow him, kid. [Kyle hands the box to Butters]"
Bass to Mouth,Vernon,MOOOM! SOME KIDS ARE STEALING MY GERBIL!
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"[walks up to Vernon] Look dude, we don't have much time. Wikileaks is about to post his biggest scoop ever on Eavesdropper! Lemmiwinks can stop him!"
Bass to Mouth,Vernon,"MOOOM! [Frogn King and Sparrow Prince appear in the middle of the room, hovering, and Vernon and the others notice]"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"There's no time, children! You must take Lemmiwinks now!"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,Grab him! [Butters scoops Lemmiwinks into the shoe box and the group runs out the front door]
Bass to Mouth,Vernon,[stops just outside the front door] MOOOM! [the group runs down the street]
Bass to Mouth,Singers,Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,Quickly! We must get to the school! [the group makes it to a bus stop just as a transit bus is pulling away]</poem>
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Whoa whoa wait, wait! [the bus stops, the door opens, and the group gets on]"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"Inside the bus, the kids and the ghost animals take seats"
Bass to Mouth,Singers,"Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Run, run, the battle's on!"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Can't this thing go any faster?
Bass to Mouth,Butters,"Hang on, Lemmiwinks!"
Bass to Mouth,Singers,"Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks! Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Run, run, the battle's on!"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Craig, are we still clear?"
Bass to Mouth,Craig,Nothing broke on the Web site yet.
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,Faster driver! The final battle is about to begin! [the driver speeds up]
Bass to Mouth,Singers,Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"From out of nowhere Mr. Adler and Mr. Mackey toss a bound and gagged Cartman onto the road and watch as the bus runs over him. Principal Victoria is with them. The bus rolls a bit further, but stops due to a broken muffler. The door opens and the group steps out"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,What the hell happened?!
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Oh! Oh God! Oh God he killed himself! Eric Cartman killed himself! Did you see that? Oh why would he do it? [pulls out a letter] Oh wait uh here, here's a suicide note. Mkay. [opens it up and reads it:] Dear Guys, I just cannot go on mkay. I'm tired of being FAT, mkay, and I have to end it all. Mkay. -Eric Cartman."
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Please, can this wait? A big story is about to about to come out on Eavesdropper and we have the only way to stop it!"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"[thinks a moment] Well why the hell didn't you say so! Come on, let's go!"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,To battle!
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"South Park, midtown. Principal Victoria has got everyone packed in her car and races down the street to get to the school"
Bass to Mouth,Singers,Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"Quickly, while Lemmiwinks still has it in him!"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. Principal Victoria arrives at school and the group pours out of her car and rushes into the school
Bass to Mouth,Singers,"Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Run, run, the battle's on!"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The music room, moments later. Wikileaks types furiously to get the scoop out: ""SCHOOL FACULTY TRIES TO POISON STUDENTS!!"" Stan leads the group into the music room"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,"Stop right there, you little rat!"
Bass to Mouth,Singers,"Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks! Run, run, the battle's on! Wikileaks and Lemmiwinks. Go Lemmiwinks! Stop Wikileaks!"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"[appears before Wikileaks and stops him] Wikileaks, you have chosen a path of evil and now you shall pay. Sparrow Prince, Catatafish! [Sparrow Prince and Catatafish descend on the shoebox and open it. Lemmiwinks peeks out, then leaves the box]"
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"The battle begins. The two gerbils stand on their hind legs and face off. Wikileaks runs off and Lemmiwinks quickly follows. The camera tries to follow the action, but gets shaky. The gerbils dance around each other for a few seconds, then rush at each other and fight."
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"Oh dude, he is fucking him up!"
Bass to Mouth,Butters,Look! I think Lemmiwinks killed him! [Indeed. Lemmiwinks had bit Wikileaks on the jugular and Wikileaks is bleeding. Wikileaks soon stops moving and Lemmiwinks gets off him]
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,He did it!
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"[walks over to the computer and gets to work] Okay, let's just delete all this tabloid garbage, mkay."
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway, some days later. Stan puts his stuff away in his locker and closes it. He walks over to Kyle, Kenny... and Cartman, who has casts on his right arm and right leg, and who's walking with a crutch"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Phew. I'm sure glad that's over with.
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,"Yeah, but you know? I think we all learned an important lesson about laughing at other people's misfortunes."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Boy, I say."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"[rounds the corner and sees Cartman] Oh Eric! Uh, Eric, I know we kinda threw you under the bus, mkay, but I hope you understand the faculty didn't really have a choice."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,It's okay Mr. Mackey. I'm totally over it.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Well I think you're being very mature about this, Eric. It was an overly generous move to give all the faculty those cupcakes. I wanna thank you. Mkay."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Oh, you're most certainly welcome."
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"[walks through them and continues down the hallway] Well students, why don't we uh- [feels a pain in his stomach] Oooh. Oh, gee, uh..."
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Are you feeling okay, Mr. Mackey?"
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, I j-I just uh I'll be right back. Oh! [lets out a wet fart] Aaaah! Oh it's bad! [so bad bits of shit shoot out his pants onto the floor] Excuse me kids, I need to run, I gotta WUUGH! [that last movement made him fly into the ceiling and back to the floor] OW!"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,[softly] I put a lot of Arby's horsey sauce on those.
Bass to Mouth,Mr. Mackey,"[stands up] Okay, can somebody get me some paper towels?? Or maybe a [poot. He hits the ceiling again and falls on his face] Ooowww, okay! [begins to slide down the hallway propelled by the poop and gas coming out his ass] Ooohhh, it's bad!"
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,"Congratulations, Lemmiwinks."
Bass to Mouth,Sparrow Prince,"Thanks to you, private lives will stay private."
Bass to Mouth,Catatafish,"Yes, we are all free once again to make teenagers do bass to mouth."
Bass to Mouth,Frog King,Just one question Lemmiwinks: How does it feel to have killed your own brother? [Lemmiwinks just gets up and walks away] Le-Lemmiwinks? [no answer] He's devastated.
Bass to Mouth,Sparrow Prince,"Yup, he's devastated."
Broadway Bro Down,Scene Description,"The USGS in Colorado. Four men are shown at their desks working. Nelson is front and center, Randy is behind him to his right, and two more men work behind them"
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,"I mean, look guys, I know it's just the Dolphins, but Tebow is definitely our quarterback for the future. What do you think, Nelson?"
Broadway Bro Down,Peter Nelson,I didn't see the game.
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,[soft sneeze] You didn't see the game? What the hell were you doing?
Broadway Bro Down,Peter Nelson,Took the wife down to Denver to see that new musical in town.
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,A musical? [laughs and rises from his chair to approach him] Nelson couldn't watch football 'cause his wife made him take her to a musical! [laughs while moving around the desk]
Broadway Bro Down,Worker 1,"[bearded] Good for you, Nelson. Did you get a blowjob afterwards?"
Broadway Bro Down,Peter Nelson,Sure did.
Broadway Bro Down,Worker 2,[clean-shaven] Niice. [Randy's smile turns into a frown]
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,What?
Broadway Bro Down,Worker 1,I took my girl to see that show last week. Got the best hummer of my entire life afterwards.
Broadway Bro Down,Peter Nelson,Forty-five minutes non-stop.
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,"[surprised, then] Nuh uh."
Broadway Bro Down,Worker 2,It's true. I'm taking my wife on Saturday bro.
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,[looks back at him for a few seconds] Noh uh.
Broadway Bro Down,Peter Nelson,"I'm telling you Randy, put your time in with the musical, and the rewards afterwards are awesome."
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,Must be... a pretty hot and steamy show. What's it called?
Broadway Bro Down,Peter Nelson,Wicked.
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,[interested] Oh. Wicked.
Broadway Bro Down,Scene Description,"Denver, night. Wicked is playing"
Broadway Bro Down,Singers,"...Heaven knows we know what goodness is O heaven knows wicked people aren't good. From head to toe, she was just wicked people Head to toe... She wasn't good, to know what goodness is..."
Broadway Bro Down,Scene Description,"During the song, Sharon has her hands over her heart and she's thoroughly enchanted. Randy studies her reactions. Onstage several actors sing their hearts out. One actress descends from the rafters on a large circular ornament. Randy keeps studying Sharon"
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,"Hey do you uh, do you want some alcohol or somethin', Sharon?"
Broadway Bro Down,Sharon,"Nono, I'm good, thanks."
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,"Okay, I'll be right back. [gets up and heads for the aisle, passing a couple on the way] 'Scuse me, sorry. [leaves the auditorium]"
Broadway Bro Down,Scene Description,a bar in the theater. Randy walks up to it and takes a seat. Another man is already at the bar with the bartender
Broadway Bro Down,Randy,Can I get a scotch and soda? [the bartender goes off to prepare it]
