Board Girls,MMA Host,"Womens' MMA fighting is growing in popularity, and no other female fighter is as explosive as Heather Swanson."
Board Girls,Heather,Eee-yeahhh!
Board Girls,MMA Host,"Heather, your story is an inspiration to sports fans everywhere. Congratulation on your ""shocking"" success."
Board Girls,Heather,I just hope I can motivate little girls out there. Motivate them to understand that I will beat them at any sport they try. Motivate them to run away like that chicken shit Strong Woman did because I-
Board Girls,PC Principal,"[interrupts the interview] Alright. Alright, that's enough. You uh, you made your point, Heather. We get it, okay?"
Board Girls,Heather,"Oh hey, transphobe. This is a nice surprise."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Oh God, what is he doing?"
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Look, everyone, I know we're all a little... afraid to have any opinions on this stuff, but um, there can be situations where it's... not so easy... to... what I mean is, I..."
Board Girls,Heather,I didn't count on being the best since identifying as a woman.
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Yeah, no shit, 'cause you went through puberty as a male, so your body's completely different! [crowd reactions are shown, including one man motioning PC Principal to stop talking]"
Board Girls,Heather,And that's exactly what a transphobe would say!
Board Girls,PC Principal,I told you not to call me a transphobe! All I want is to have a discussion.
Board Girls,Heather,"Transphobe! [PC Principal pushes Heather back, and Heather staggers back to a table of refreshments, throws herself on the table, and crushes it with her weight. She screams and sobs]"
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Aw, shit."
Board Girls,Scene Description,"Dice Studz Gamers Club, day. The boys are back in the room. Only Cartman is content"
Board Girls,Cartman,"Ahhh, isn't this nice, you guys? Clean, fresh air, soothing sounds, just us boys and Star Trek: Ascendancy."""
Board Girls,Butters,"[rushing in] Uh hey, fellas! Come quick! You gotta see!"
Board Girls,Clyde,See what?
Board Girls,Butters,"Well, it's the girls! They started their own board game club at the school! [runs out. The other boys look at each other]"
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. The boys reach the new club's location. ""Board Girls Gaming Club""."
Board Girls,Cartman,"""Board Girls""? How lame is that? [opens the cafeteria door and is in shock]"
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The scene shows the cafeteria full of girls playing different board games are shown. Allie, Monica, and another female 4th grader paint mini-figures. Some of the girls are also seen playing Lords of Waterdeep and Flick 'em Up!"
Board Girls,Cartman,The fuck is this?
Board Girls,Stan,Wow!
Board Girls,Butters,"[he and the other boys enter the cafeteria] Well this is like what you said Dice Studz would be, Eric."
Board Girls,Nichole,"[walks in front of the boys] Oh, hey guys, welcome to Board Girls. Want to have a look around? [cuts to her leading a tour of the club] So over [points right of the screen] here we have our co-op games. I think they’re doing “Sub Terra” right now. [points right of the screen again] And there we do our deck and engine builders. Have you tried “Inuit”? It’s really cool. [stops walking] We have miniatures painting over there [points towards the screen] and most of our miniatures gaming happens in [points left of the screen] that area."
Board Girls,Clyde,"Hey, those girls are playing “Crisis Protocol”. That’s not even out yet."
Board Girls,Nichole,"Yeah, we get advanced copies of games because our club reviews them for our gaming channel. [two girls discuss Abomination on camera]"
Board Girls,Mr. Mackey,"Hey boys, you need to get out, okay? No boys in the girls' school clubs. Come on, let's go."
Board Girls,Stan,What? Who says?
Board Girls,Mr. Mackey,New school policy came down from the top. Now get your asses outta there.
Board Girls,Stan,"Well, who made up that stupid rule?"
Board Girls,Cartman,"... Yeah, who made up that stupid rule?"
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day."
Board Girls,Emory,We now return to PC Babies.
Board Girls,Scene Description,"PC Principal sits on a park bench, alone. He looks at his phone's screen and sees a news article about his troubles with the trans community, then lowers his phone. Strong Woman finds him on the bench."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,Are you just... not gonna come home?
Board Girls,Pete,"How am I gonna look my kids in the eyes, Strong? Since they were born, we've taught them to accept and fight for those who are marginalized. That there's no gray area when it comes to inclusion and acceptance. When I go back, all they're gonna see is a big, fat hypocrite. And now I've just used a word to shame people with weight issues. [buries his face in his hands]"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"P, you can't just shut down because you're afraid of how the babies are gonna react."
Board Girls,Pete,"I didn't shove him - her - for being trans. I shoved her because she's your ex-boyfriend and she's being a dick. Do you think the PC babies will see the nuance?/But they're right, Strong. I shoved a trans person. No matter what, I have no right to judge her. Do you think- Could you try to explain it to the babies?"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,You know how they are. They're babies. Their minds are made up before anyone says anything.
Board Girls,Pete,Then I've really got only one thing I can do. I have to try and make things right with Heather Swanson.
Board Girls,Scene Description,"School gymnasium, day. PC Principal - Pete - holds another student assembly with Strong Woman"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Uh, hey students. As you know, we've had some issues here at the school that we're working very hard to correct. So today we are... honored... to have a motivational speaker. She is the current Strong Woman competition, and also the champion in women's MMA fighting, and in women's wrestling. Please welcome the inspiring Heather Swanson."
Board Girls,Heather Swanson,"[Bursts through a curtain] Yeeaahhhh! Fuck yeeaahhhh! [she dances to a K-pop song, ""I Am the Best"". She then proceeds to rip off her pants and show off her muscular body. She freezes in a pose when the song ends with ""Oh my God."" Butters is the only kid who claps]"
Board Girls,Heather,"Hello, boys and girls. I'm here to talk to you because apparently your school leaders have failed you. I'm gonna tell you something, kids. There's only one thing that matters in this world, and that's being the best. Your vice-principal teaches you girls to be strong, but she comes in second. [walks up to Pete and puts her left arm around him] You got anything to say about that, PC Principal?"
Board Girls,Pete,"No, Ms. Swanson."
Board Girls,Heather,"""No, Ms. Swanson."" [releases the hug and stands in front of them] You see, people don't look up to losers. They look up to champions! Every time I beat another woman, I feel better"
Board Girls,Cartman,"Dude, I really like this person."
Board Girls,Heather,"And that's why I'm the best. Because Heather Swanson doesn't get beat. I work to be the best at everything. And Heather Swanson will beat any other woman any time, anywhere!"
Board Girls,Tammy,Bet you can't beat Nichole at Blood Rage.
Board Girls,Heather,"What? Wha-what did you say, transphobe?"
Board Girls,Nichole,"Yeah, but I bet you can't beat Tammy at War of the Ring."
Board Girls,Heather,"You don't disrespect a champion, little girls! You think Heather Swanson doesn't know board games?! I was playing board games before your mom even crapped you out of her vagina!"
Board Girls,Nichole,"Okay, so then let's do it, bitch!"
Board Girls,Heather,Oh it's onnn!
Board Girls,Scene Description,"Board Girls Gaming Club, day. The girls compete against Heather and defeat her soundly. First up: Blood Rage. Heather makes her move; Nichole looks on passively and blows a gum bubble until it pops, then knocks off one of Heather's pieces. Heather is stunned. Next game is War of the Ring. Heather is frowning, but makes her move; Tammy is chatting away on the phone as she rolls the die and knocks off some of Heather's miniatures. Tammy sits back and smiles as the kids cheer her on. Next is Twilight Struggle. Nichole places her cards all over the map as Heather looks on in awe. After she places her last card, she rejoices in victory. Heather lifts her hands in gripping rage. Heather then participates in Board Girls Gaming Club, with Kelly tutoring her. Heather and Kelly then face each other and play. Next game is Concordia. Tammy again faces Heather and waits for Heather to finish her move. Then Tammy pulls off a series of card moves and defeats Heather. This song plays throughout the montage: Tabletop bloodbath, nothing left to say. Your moment is here, time to make 'em pay, Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong! Woman! Smoke the competition, show 'em what you got. All your painted miniatures are really paying off, Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong! Woman! Hey wow! Who's the Strong woman now? And hey you! Thought you were the best, but you're about to lose To the Board Girls. They got the moves. They pummeled you at Alchemists and kicked your ass in Carcasonne Board Girls, they know all the rules. They watch Rodney Smith, Tom Vasel, and Becca Scott. Hey, cool. They made you look a fool And hey, sweet, Take a step down; you just got beat By the Board Girls!"
Board Girls,Heather,"Do you think that's fair?! You only won 'cause you dumb girls memorized the rule books! When I play games, I just wanna be a pirate or a spaceman! [Cartman joins her]"
Board Girls,Cartman,That's right! You and your stupid rules!
Board Girls,Heather,"I may identify as a woman now, but I grew up a boy, so you have an unfair advantage over me!"
Board Girls,Cartman,"Yeah, an unfair advantage, stupid girls! Come on, Ms. Swanson. We can go make our own club. [they turn and walk out together. Once they're gone, the girls erupt in cheers]"
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The Principal - er, Charles - house, day. Pete and Strong Woman get home and go inside."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,[before entering.] You sure you're ready for this?
Board Girls,Pete,"I just wanna get it over with. [they enter, and the babies are happy to see them]"
Board Girls,Babies,Mommy! Yay!
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Yes, kids, and look who else is here."
Board Girls,Babies,[they look at him for a few seconds] Daddy! Yeah Daddy! Dada!
Board Girls,Emory,Dada. I love you.
Board Girls,Pete,I... I don't understand.
Board Girls,Strong Woman,They don't care. They must see the nuance to this whole situation.
Board Girls,Pete,You're right! They realize that raising a gender-based issue of strength doesn't necessarily make one a bigot or a bully. All this time we were worried what the PC babies would think.
Board Girls,Strong Woman,And we didn't realize that our little babies are growing up. [they laugh and start to play with the babies.]
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. Inside, a meeting is being held featuring all the women of the town. On stage are Sharon Marsh, Strong Woman, Mayor McDaniels, Linda Stotch, Mrs. Testaburger, and a female police officer. Sheila is speaking at the podium."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"When I look out across this room, I see the backbone of our community. The women of this town need to stand together. [applause from the gathered women.] We're here, and we're proud, and it is time to let everyone know that the women of South Park should be treated the same as the men! [farts and begins to groan] Oh God! [farts and groans. Sharon, Strong Woman and the mayor cover their noses] Oh God! [she's helped off the stage by Mrs. Testaburger] Ohh, sorry. [vomits as she reaches the end of the table, getting some of it on Mrs. Testaburger's shirt]"
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Testaburger,Ohoho-kay. [they head for the entrance]
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"I'm alright. Oh... [starts having diarrhea, leaving a mess on her skirt and in the aisle. The audience is shocked and cover their noses]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Kyle is in the waiting room with Ike as their mom gets checked up."
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,Hello boys. Your mommy has a bacterial infection called C. diff. It's very contagious.
Turd Burglars,Kyle,A bacterial infection? In her stomach?
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"[sits down and shows Kyle his tablet.] All of us have trillions of microscopic critters that grow on and inside our bodies. Just like your mom. [a 3D x-ray of an adult female appears on the tablet's screen] There's tiny creatures that live in your mom's skin, on her eyelashes, in her vagina. But the good bacteria in mommy's tummy are being overrun by bad bacteria. [a 3D rendering of the intestinal tract with both good and bad bacteria floating around]. We can't use antibiotics, because that will kill all the good bacteria too. [a line wipes down on the 3D rendering, showing all the bacteria has now disappeared]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,So what can you do for her?
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"We need to take a healthy person's microbiome and start to grow it inside your mother. [A 3D X-Ray is shown again, now with an image of poop in the corner] We do this with a fecal transplant. We'll get a donor's feces, mix it with water, and put it up your mom's anus. [the poop from the x-ray is shown moving up into the figure's rectum]"
Turd Burglars,"Kyle, Ike",Eeewww!
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"Your mom is tough, kids. We're gonna do the very best we can, kids. Try not to worry. [walks away]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"Ike, if Mom lives, we can't let anyone ever know about this."
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Food 4 Little, day. Upbeat music begins to play. Inside, Sheila is shopping with Ike. She grabs a bag of chips and puts it in the basket. She is dressed in workout clothing and begins to sing out loud"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,I am shopping. I'm grocery shopping. I'm buying food for the people I love!
Turd Burglars,Laura,Sheila?
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"[turns around] Oh, hi Laura."
Turd Burglars,Laura,"My goodness, look at you. Ah, I thought you were sick."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,I was! But I had an amazing procedure.
Turd Burglars,Ike,"[tugging on Sheila's sleeve] No no no no no no, Mommy, no no no no no no!"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,I had a fecal transplant.
Turd Burglars,Ike,"Oh, god damnit! [buries his face in his hands]"
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Biggle,You had a what?
Turd Burglars,Sheila,A fecal transplant. It's when they take the feces of a healthy donor and place it in your anus. I feel like a million dollars!
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,"[arrives] Sheila, is that you? I thought you were sick."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,I was! But I had a fecal transplant.
Turd Burglars,Ike,[in despair] Aaaaah!
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"I'm telling you girls, it's solved every problem I've ever had. I've lost weight, I have more energy, I even think my arthritis is clearing up. [Ike takes the bag of chips and dumps it on the shopping store floor, then puts the bag over his head.]"
Turd Burglars,Laura,"Well, that certainly is... interesting."
Turd Burglars,Janice,"You're looking great, Sheila!"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Thanks, Janice. Fecal transplant!"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, living room, day. Kyle enters with a package. When he gets to the sofa he opens it up and takes out its contents. Inside is a DVD titled ""So Your Mom Had a Fecal Transplant"". He pops it into the DVD player and turns on the TV. He sees a hummingbird pollinating a flower"
Turd Burglars,Narrator,"If you're watching this video, then your mom probably had a fecal transplant. [a close up of a young boy's eyes looking into the camera] And the one question on your mind is most likely ""How do I keep my friends from ripping on me?"" [the quote is then shown on screen]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,Yes!
Turd Burglars,Narrator,"People make fun of what they don't understand. [a colorful clown is shown dancing onstage] So let's learn why your mom had a fecal transplant. It was to replace her [the screen freezes on the clown dancing and the word ""microbiome"" appears on screen] microbiome. Germs, bugs. [close up shots of these organisms are quickly shown] Thousands of organisms are all around you, all the time. That remote control you're holding. [Kyle looks at it] It's teeming with life. Bacteria and other organisms."
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"Yuch. [tosses it away, then wipes his hands clean on his jacket.]"
Turd Burglars,Narrator,They also live on your clothes.
Turd Burglars,Kyle,Yeesh.
Turd Burglars,Narrator,"Small organisms are everywhere. Now, scratch your balls. [Kyle gets a puzzled look] Go on. [Kyle looks around] If you don't have balls, scratch whatever else might be down there. [Kyle puts his hands down his crotch and scratches] Now, smell your fingers. [Kyle smells his fingers] That smell is millions of living organisms that you just scraped from your crotch and are now going up into your nostrils. [Kyle grimaces, shows shock, and then shakes his head trying to get the image out of it] Your microbiome."
Turd Burglars,Kyle,Eewww!
Turd Burglars,Narrator,"Creatures live in your teeth. They live on your eyelashes. On your skin. And trillions and trillions live inside your body. [Kyle looks alarmed. A 3D rendered chart of a human body is shown covered in colorful dots.] In fact, of all the cells in your body, only half are human cells [half of the dots move to the left of the screen and form a square]. The other half are all microscopic organisms. [the remaining dots move to the right, showing the figure as a skeleton]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,Aaagh! [runs off]
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Café Monet, day. Sheila, Linda S., Laura, and Mrs. Biggle are seated at a table inside."
Turd Burglars,Laura,"How was your salmon, Sheila?"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,Oh it's amazing. You know I could never eat like this before. My allergy to shellfish has literally gone away.
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,"Oh my gosh, that's so wonderful."
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Biggle,"Oh. [giggles and clears her throat] That, that reminds me, so, Sheila, um, the girls and I were talking. Well, you seem so... great, and we thought how nice it would be for us to have a little bit of your poop."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"... Um, what?"
Turd Burglars,Laura,"Well, thing is, we asked our doctors about getting fecal transplants too, and they said they only do them for ""medical reasons,"" so we have to do them on our own."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Oh heh, well, you know girls, if the doctor doesn't think it's safe, you probably shouldn't be doing DIY transplants."
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Biggle,"No, that's very true, isn't it? We were just thinking that your microbiome is so healthy now [Laura nods], and it would be nice to share a little."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Yeah. [stammers] I mean, i-it's not that I don't want to share everything with my friends, it's just uh, you know, uh, I'm sorry, it's uh, it just doesn't seem right."
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Biggle,And that is totally fine.
Turd Burglars,Laura,"If it doesn't feel right, then it probably isn't right. [giggles]"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"[feels her phone vibrate] Oh, this is Kyle. Sorry, girls, let me take this. [leaves the table]"
Turd Burglars,The other ladies,Okay.
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Biggle,"[moments later, when Sheila is out of earshot] That cunt! I told you she'd say no!"
Turd Burglars,Laura,How much of a bitch can you be? Won't share your feces? Talk about anal-retentive!
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,[pounds her fist on the table] Fuck her! Fuck her!
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, Kyle's bedroom, night. Kyle tosses and turns in his sleep."
Turd Burglars,Kyle (voice-over),Half the cells in my body. Half...[a close up of multiple cells splitting] They're inside me right now. Alive. [multiple organisms floating] All over me. [a black bookcase is shown in a living room] The bookcase.
Turd Burglars,Kyle,[wakes up and sits upright] Aaah!
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"The boys' favorite eatery, day. The main four sit and eat burgers and fries."
Turd Burglars,Kyle,Do you guys have any idea what I'm saying?! Half the cells in our bodies aren't human! Right now there are alive creatures in your eyelashes and in your teeth!
Turd Burglars,Cartman,So?
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"So?! Right now, that straw has a bunch of little bugs and they're going in your mouth and mixing with trillions of other little bugs that are alive inside you! You aren't even totally you!"
Turd Burglars,Stan,"Dude, Kyle, why are you talking about all this?"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"Okay, guys, listen. My mom had a fecal transplant."
Turd Burglars,Cartman,[spits his soda out and laughs at him] Fecal transplant!
Turd Burglars,Mrs. Biggle,"Hi Kyle. I'm Harriet, Henrietta and Bradley's mommy. I've been looking all over town for you."
Turd Burglars,Kyle,Why?
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Well, I went to the video game store and I bought this. [reaches into her purse and pulls out a game] Jedi: Fallen Order. It's getting great reviews. Thought you might want it."
Turd Burglars,Cartman,Whaaat?
Turd Burglars,Stan,"Yeah, he wants it."
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Great. Could you do just one little thing for me, Kyle?"
Turd Burglars,Kenny,(Yeah. He'll do anything.) [Kyle did not appreciate that]
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"When you get back home, could you find a way to get a little of your mom's poop, and put it in this jar? [pulls out an empty mason jar]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,What?! Eww! No!
Turd Burglars,Cartman,Yes!
Turd Burglars,Harriet,I don't need much. I'm sure you can find a way to sneak it from her. You do that and the game is all yours.
Turd Burglars,Kyle,That is disgusting. Absolutely not!
Turd Burglars,Cartman,Kyle!
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Oh well, think about it. The offer stands. I heard you can customize your own lightsaber. [slides away]"
Turd Burglars,Cartman,What is your problem?!
Turd Burglars,Kyle,What is MY problem?! I'm not gonna go steal my mom's shit!
Turd Burglars,Stan,"Dude, you realize we won't get that game 'till Christmas. We could be playing it tomorrow."
Turd Burglars,Kenny,(TO-MORROW!)
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"I said ""no"", and that's final!"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. Sheila goes into the bathroom to take a dump. Down in the basement, Stan, Cartman, and Kenny are messing with the plumbing. Stan peeks out through a grill, Cartman works on the drain removing the cleanout, and Kenny waits by an empty bucket"
Turd Burglars,Stan,She's in. Kyle's mom just squatted in the toilet. [gets off his perch and walks over to Cartman]
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Okay, we've got contact. Are you ready with the bucket, Kenny?"
Turd Burglars,Kenny,Got it. [brings it over]
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Place it directly under this pipe. [Kenny puts the bucket under the pipe, and Cartman adjusts its position] Alright. That should just about do it. [steps back] Now we just wait. For the flush."
Turd Burglars,Kenny,[a few seconds later] She's not flushing.
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"That's good she's not flushing yet. That means she's got more serious business, and serious business is just what we're after."
Turd Burglars,Stan,You think she'll poop a big enough log? [Kyle appears on the steps behind them.]
Turd Burglars,Cartman,You see how fat Kyle's mom is? That bitch must poop at least two-pounders.
Turd Burglars,Kyle,The fuck are you doing?! [the others turn around]
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Oh, hey Kyle, What's going on?"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,You are NOT stealing my mom's shit!
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Kyle, this is the world we're living in, okay? People are finding new and exciting ways to get healthy, and who are we to stand in their way? [behind him, two pieces of poop drop into the bucket]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital. Dr. Gauche talks to Kyle.
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"It just freaks me out, Doc. [the doctor listens to Kyle breathing and heartbeat] We all have these... things... living inside our bodies, and everyone just seems fine with it. It's like, as soon as people learn they have microbiomes, the first thing they want to do is start swapping them."
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"[puts his stethoscope around his neck and goes to wash his hands] Well, young man, the truth is we still don't know a lot about the microbiome, but you shouldn't let it ""freak you out."""
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"But where does it stop?! Then, are people just gonna start wanting skinny people's microbiomes to be skinny? Or an athlete's microbiome to feel athletic and young again?"
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"Yes, it's possible, but we don't know enough. There is no superfeces which can make you athletic and young. [turns the faucet off and dries his hands]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"Well like, what about Tom Brady's poop?"
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"[turns around and faces Kyle. ""The spice. He knows about the spice.""]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,I'm just saying that Tom Brady seems to work really hard on his diet and stuff. His shit must be pretty good.
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"[thinking, ""More than pretty good. The spice mélange.""]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,[uncomfortable from the hard stare] What?
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"Nothing. [thinking, ""It's unobtainable. The spice. But could he be the one to bring it here?""]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"""One For The Ladies"" resumes"
Turd Burglars,Announcer,"And now back to ""One For The Ladies."""
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,Linda S. and Laura walk down Main Street
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,Have you been in that store at all?
Turd Burglars,Laura,"No. I think it's new, isn't it?"
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,It used to be that watch store.
Turd Burglars,Laura,Oh my God. Harriet?
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"[dressed in a tennis outfit, turns around] Oh, hi girls. What's new?"
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,"My goodness, look at you!"
Turd Burglars,Laura,You look great! What happened?
Turd Burglars,Harriet,Fecal transplant. It's true what they say: I feel 20 years younger. [swings her tennis racket around]
Turd Burglars,A driver,"[pulls up in his red sports car] Looking good, Mrs. B."
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Fecal transplant, Damon. Keep your eyes in the road!"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,Harriet?
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Oh. Hey, Sheila. [smiles]"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,You're looking chipper today.
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Yeah, I had a little procedure done. Fecal transplant."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"I though the doctor wouldn't give you a fecal transplant, Harriet."
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"No, I... did it myself. With a turkey baster."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,Where did you get the feces?
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Well, it's really none of your business, Sheila. It's a private matter, a fecal transplant. I'd really rather not talk about it. See you girls! [walks off]"
Turd Burglars,The other ladies,"Bye, Harriet! [smile. But those smiles soon vanish.]"
Turd Burglars,Laura,Two-faced bitch! You know what she said about you at lunch?
Turd Burglars,Sheila,What?
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,She called you the C-word!
Turd Burglars,Sheila,You're joking!
Turd Burglars,Laura,Oh no! Clearly she couldn't stand that you were the only one whose shit didn't stink.
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,Fuck her! Fuck her!
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"The counselor's office, day. Mr. Mackey has Kenny, Stan, and Cartman in for questioning."
Turd Burglars,Mr. Mackey,"Boys, I brought you in here because some rumors are floatin' around the school, m'kay? These rumors are that you three somehow stole feces from Kyle's mom, m'kay, and gave it to Mrs. Biggle in return for ""Jedi: Fallen Order."""
Turd Burglars,Cartman,That is 100% untrue.
Turd Burglars,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, well someone in this school is a little turd burglar, and I want some answers!"
Turd Burglars,Stan,How can answer that to which we have no knowledge?
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Very nice, very nice."
Turd Burglars,Mr. Mackey,"It must be hard, having to take turns playing ""Jedi: Fallen Order."" It's a single-player game, I believe."
Turd Burglars,Cartman,Wouldn't know.
Turd Burglars,Mr. Mackey,"Oh. Because... I could get you each your own copy. That would be a lot of fun, wouldn't it? You guys stole the poop. Could you do it again?"
Turd Burglars,Stan,You want us to steal some of Kyle's mom's poop for you?
Turd Burglars,Mr. Mackey,Not Kyle's mom's. Someone else's.
Turd Burglars,Cartman,Whose?
Turd Burglars,Mr. Mackey,"[thinking, ""The spice. I must have it. The spice mélange.""]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,A New England Patriots press conference. Tom Brady comes out to speak to the cameras.
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Alright. Alright, I'm... proud of our team today. It was uh... You know, I thought our defense did a great job keepin' us in the game, and again, I think the offense has a lot of room for improvement and all that... starts with me. Questions? Yeah."
Turd Burglars,Reporter 1,Can we have your poop?
Turd Burglars,Tom,"No. Guys, I'm not gonna take any requests for my microbiome. I just wanna focus on the team. We're 10-1 now, you know, but, we can't let up. Yeah?"
Turd Burglars,Sportwriter,"Please, can we have your poop?"
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Okay, I'm not, I'm not gonna stay our here, you guys. It's just- Does anyone have a real question?"
Turd Burglars,Reporter 2,"Tom, after you leave here, are you gonna go eat somewhere or go right home and have a-"
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Nono, no. See, I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, because you're all gonna try and follow me into the bathroom. You're not taking my feces, so unless you have a football question, we're done here."
Turd Burglars,Reporter 1,Can we buy your poop?
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Kyle's bedroom, night. He's sleeping with the covers off. ""Microbiome... inside me. They are inside me. Are they apart of me? When I eat, they eat. When I die, they consume me and continue to live. Am I just an Airbnb in Santa Clarita?"" He wakes up, eyes glowing ""They're not a part of me. They ARE me."" He sits up and looks at his hands. They're teeming with microorganisms. ""The bookcase. THE BOOKCASE."
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Kenny, Cartman and Stan are sitting in Tom Brady's publicist's office. Kenny is in a wheelchair with an IV attached to him, wearing Patriots sports gear and holding a football in his lap. His hair is shown, but his eyes are shielded by the sports cap"
Turd Burglars,Publicist,You have to understand. A lot of people want things from Tom Brady. He has to be a little protective.
Turd Burglars,Stan,"Yes, we do understand. We just... well, since you're his publicist. we thought that... you could give Mr. Brady our message. [begins crying]"
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"[pats Stan on the shoulder] It's all right, Stan. Don't cry. You see, ma'am, our little friend Kenny here is dying, and he's... he's just the biggest Patriots fan."
Turd Burglars,Publicist,"You know, I can call him, but he's very busy right now with the season."
Turd Burglars,Stan,"Well if Mr. Brady could just, you know, have Kenny stay over at his house for a night."
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Kind of, like a Michael Jackson kind of thing. [Kenny mumbles something] Oh gosh, we're losin' him! We need to make this happen quickly, ma'am."
Turd Burglars,Publicist,"[thinking, ""They want the spice, just like the rest. Perhaps they are the ones.""]"
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Uh, ma'am?"
Turd Burglars,Publicist,"[thinking, A chance, perhaps... they could actually obtain the spice mélange.""] Let me... see what I can do."
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,Café Monet. The ladies have gathered there for lunch again
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Girls, can I just say... you both look fantastic."
Turd Burglars,Laura,"[chuckles] Oh, thanks, girlfriend. We've been working out and dieting, you know. Not cheating like that bitch Harriet."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Well, it's great you guys are doing it the natural way. amd we don't have to deal with Harriet anymore. [the doors fly open and Harriet enters, having thrown up on herself.]"
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"There you are, you Goddamned bitch! I will take you to court, fat whore!"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Harriet, I do not like your tone."
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"You knew I was gonna steal your poo, and so you tainted it, didn't you?!"
Turd Burglars,Sheila,What are you talking about?
Turd Burglars,Harriet,I have been shitting and throwing up all day! It has to be from your feces!
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"So you DID take my poo, huh, Harriet?!"
Turd Burglars,Harriet,That's besides the point now!
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Oh, IS it? 'Cause the girls told me you called me the C-word the other day."
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Oh, you're all backstabbing bitches now?!"
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,"Fuck you, Harriet!"
Turd Burglars,Male Diner,"Oho. Okay ladies, come on."
Turd Burglars,Harriet,Just admit it! I can't stop puking and shitting because of what you did to me!
Turd Burglars,Laura,"Oh. Gaw! [throws up, then shits herself]"
Turd Burglars,Harriet,What the fuck?!
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,"You thought you were such hot shit, Harriet! We took the leftover feces from your house and put it up our asses with a turkey baster! Oh! Oh God! [moves away from the table and projectile-vomits, then almost falls over as she projective-poops on other diners, then vomits on another table. Soon, Linda S. is also shitting and pooping on patrons.]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"""One For The Ladies"" resumes"
Turd Burglars,Announcer,"And now back to ""One For The Ladies."""
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"An alien landscape is shown. A monster with five jaws rises from it, roars, and goes back down into it, burrowing a hole. The camera zooms out and the landscape is just a piece of poo in a toilet somewhere. A man looks in the toilet before flushing it - it's Tom Brady. His doorbell rings and he turns to get it. Downstairs, the housekeeper answers the door and sees the three boys outside."
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Hello, ma'am. We are the darling children whose dying friend is all set to meet Tom Brady."
Turd Burglars,Mabel,"[gravelly voice] I am Mabel Gonzales, the housekeeper. [thinking, ""They're here for the spice. I can sense it.""]"
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"[thinking, ""I wonder why everyone keeps taking really long pauses after they talk.""]"
Turd Burglars,Stan,"[thinking, ""People just keep looking at me like I'm supposed to say something.""]"
Turd Burglars,Kenny,"[thinking, ""Why did I agree to this? I don't even have a machine to play Fallen Order on.""]"
Turd Burglars,Mabel,"Come on in. Mr. Brady is just using the bathroom. [thinking, ""Music to your ears, I suppose.""]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. The parking lot is filled with ambulances bringing in sick men and women from everywhere."
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"We've got more sick incoming! Try and make some more room! [Moves over to Det. Yates] We have a major epidemic here, Detective. C. diff. has spread to half the town. We don't have enough staff or enough to supplies to keep up with it."
Turd Burglars,Yates,How does this happen?
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"Apparently, the outbreak started at a restaurant when some women got sick on everybody. The women contracted C. diff. by giving themselves DIY fecal transplants."
Turd Burglars,Yates,So they got sick from another woman's feces?
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"No, they got sick from using this, [holds up a turkey baster] A common household turkey baster. It's a thing most people use just once a year, around Thanksgiving. The rest of the year it just sits in a drawer collecting bacteria, and then the ladies went and stuck it up their asses."
Turd Burglars,Yates,"Oh, those ladies!"
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"It gets worse. We're completely out of healthy donor feces. Even if we found a donor at this point, it wouldn't be enough to give everyone transplants."
Turd Burglars,Yates,So what happens next?
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"With how contagious C. diff. is and how deadly, half of South Park is going to die."
Turd Burglars,Yates,[walks off] Jesus. What have those rascally ladies done?
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Tom Brady's living room, day. The boys wait in the living room with a family and a sportswriter"
Turd Burglars,Stan,"So, you're all here to meet Tom Brady too?"
Turd Burglars,Sportswriter,"Yeah, I'm a sportswriter, getting a little interview. [thinking, ""A little interview, and hopefully more.""]"
Turd Burglars,Mom,"Yes, and we're here with our little girl who's dying, just like your friend."
Turd Burglars,Theresa,"I'm dying, mommy?"
Turd Burglars,Mom,"Shut up, Theresa! [thinking, ""The spice mélange. It is here in this house.""]"
Turd Burglars,Mabel,"Everyone, the honorable Thomas Brady."
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Hey, everybody. [moves to the middle of the room, in front of a bookcase]"
Turd Burglars,Sportswriter,"[jumps up with a knife to keep the others away from Tom] The rest of you, stand back! They all deceived you, Mr. Brady! They only want to get the spice mélange."
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Oh God, not again. Alright, everybody out. Come on, let's go."
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"Mr. Brady, can we just see your basement really fast?"
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Nope, nope, that's all. If you people want a healthy microbiome, then proper diet and healthy choices, alright? That's it! You are all being ridiculous! [the doors open and Kyle enters, stepping down into the living room. His eyes are still glowing blue.]"
Turd Burglars,Stan,"Kyle, dude, what are you doing here? [Kyle moves forward]"
Turd Burglars,Cartman,"You don't get to be part of Turd Burglars now, Kyle! [Kyle continues forward and stops at the bookcase]"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"The bookcase. [presses a button on the panel in front of him and the bookcase recedes and opens up, revealing a vault full of Tom Brady's poop in mason jars.]"
Turd Burglars,All,Whoa!
Turd Burglars,Tom,"Okay, look. I got sick of people going to my basement and screwing with my plumbing"
Turd Burglars,Sportswriter,The spice! So much of it!
Turd Burglars,Mabel,Enough for everyone! Enough to bring peace to all!
Turd Burglars,Tom,I stopped flushing them because people kept breaking my pipes to get them.
Turd Burglars,Publicist,Never did I think so much of it could be obtained.
Turd Burglars,Mom,This is enough for all the universe!
Turd Burglars,Tom,"I mean, you'd all do the same thing if people were always trying to steal your shit. [Kyle's glowing eyes check out every bit of the poo cellar, which also serves as the wine cellar]"
Turd Burglars,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Dr. Gauche takes a jar of poop and drops it into a blender, adds some water, and starts the blender up. He then takes a sterile syringe and fills it with the fecal juice and injects it into Mrs. Testaburger's anus."
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,That's good. Stay still. Almost there.
Turd Burglars,Harriet,"Oh, Sheila, I'm so sorry for stealing your feces."
Turd Burglars,Linda S.,"And we're sorry for stealing it from you, Harriet."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Girls, this was all my fault. I think I got a little carried away bragging about my fecal transplant."
Turd Burglars,Laura,I hope we can all be besties again.
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"[stopping by to visit.] You ladies are pretty lucky. If it hadn't been for these little turd burglars here, you'd be dead. And also responsible for the deaths of countless others."
Turd Burglars,Sheila,"Kyle, how did you do it? I mean, how did you even know what was going on?"
Turd Burglars,Kyle,"I didn't know. My microbiome did. All along they were trying to tell me something. I really learned that I'm not just me. I'm also all the creatures inside of me. From now on, I'm gonna trust my gut a little more. [pats his belly]"
Turd Burglars,Dr. Gauche,"Well, I think we've all learned something. One for the ladies is one too many for the ladies. [everyone laughs.]"
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"The episode begins with a new opener for ""The Scott Malkinson Show,"" which shows Scott as something of a secret agent mixed with Captain Diabetes. He fights sugar cubes which could be death to him, Scott's house, day. He's asleep in his room and it's almost 8 am. His alarm goes off at 8 and he wakes up. He stretches and then reaches for his glucose meter and checks his blood sugar. 90. He takes a shower and brushes his teeth."
Basic Cable,Scott,"[looks into the mirror] Dad? Dad, I love you. I love you so much, Dad. [finishes brushing his teeth, then grabs some syringes from his drawer to take with him for the day. He goes downstairs and reaches the table just in time to get breakfast from his mom. His dad, in work clothes, is already at the table eating.]"
Basic Cable,Scott's Mom,"What is it, Scott?"
Basic Cable,Scott,"Ninety, Mom."
Basic Cable,Scott's Mom,"Okay, great. [turns and goes back to the kitchen]"
Basic Cable,Scott,"[turns to his dad] Dad, I love you."
Basic Cable,Scott's Dad,What?
Basic Cable,Scott,"I love you so much, Dad. Please, can we get Disney+?"
Basic Cable,Scott's Dad,"Goddamnit, not this shit again! No! [Scott lowers his head] We don't need Disney Fucking Plus, Scott! We got cable, and that's enough! [pounds the table] All this talk about Disney+ and CBS Max and shit on a fucking extreme prime! Where's it gonna end?! Straight to fucking hell, that's where! I'm going to work! [gets up and leaves his meal half-eaten.]"
Basic Cable,Scott,"[hyperventilates a bit, then checks his blood sugar again. 165.] Shit! [reaches for an insulin syringe and gives himself a shot in the belly] Asshole!"
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"The school bus, day. Scott is on his way to school with a bunch of other students. In front of the school, he checks his blood sugar again. In class, he sits quietly as the other students talk amongst themselves"
Basic Cable,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, kids, if we can all be quiet, please? Today is a very special day, because we have a new student who just moved to town and will be starting her schoolastic adventures here in South Park. I know you're gonna be very kind, and make her feel at home."
Basic Cable,Cartman,[scoffs] Hehyeah.
Basic Cable,Mr. Mackey,Please say hi to Sophie Gray.
Basic Cable,Sophie Gray,"[walks into view] Hey, guys. Um, well, I moved here from Arizona, I really like soccer, and I love The Mandalorian, and, um, I guess one thing about me that might be kind of different is that I have diabetes."
Basic Cable,Scott,Say what??
Basic Cable,Sophie,"I have a thing called diabetes. It's a condition that affects the way my body processes sugar. It just means that I have to check my blood sugar once in a while, and sometimes I have to... [voice trails off as Scott falls in love] ...part of who I am. Oh, and I also have a pony."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"Cafeteria, lunchtime. The boys are seated at a table"
Basic Cable,Scott,"Holy shit, guys! What am I gonna do?!"
Basic Cable,Stan,About what?
Basic Cable,Scott,About Sophie Gray! She's my boo! I love her! What am I supposed to say to her.
Basic Cable,Cartman,"Scott, you can't be with Sophie Gray. She has diabetes."
Basic Cable,Scott,I know! That's why she's perfect!
Basic Cable,Cartman,"No, Scott, if you and Sophie have a baby, it'll have super diabetes. I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that causes a crater on the Earth."
Basic Cable,Jimmy,"That girl is pretty fly. As soon as she said she watches Mandalorian, it gave me a little boner. If you wanna be with a new girl, you're gonna have some stiff competition. Get it? Stiff? C-, c-, c-, c-, competition."
Basic Cable,Scott,But she has diabetes. You guys always rip on me for having diabetes.
Basic Cable,Cartman,[mimicking Scott] You guys always rip on me for havin' diabetes. I'm Scott Malkinson. [the others laugh]
Basic Cable,Scott,No! Not this time! You guys aren't ruining Scott Malkinson's life again! I'm taking control! Do you understand?! [leaves the table]
Basic Cable,Cartman,[mimicking Scott] I'm taking control do you understand I'm Scott Malkinson I have diabetes. [the others laugh]
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, day. Scott's father sits in his truck listening to Thomas Dolby when an incoming call awakens him"
Basic Cable,Dispatcher,"Hey Clark. Clark, are you there?"
Basic Cable,Scott's Dad,[picks up the radio] This is Clark. Go ahead.
Basic Cable,Dispatcher,"Yeah hey, I think we actually have a job. The Stotches need their cable box looked at."
Basic Cable,Clark,"Alright, I'm on it!"
Basic Cable,Dispatcher,"Uh, listen, Clark, part of why we're losing customers is 'cause people say our service is slow."
Basic Cable,Clark,"Don't worry, I'll be there as fast as I can!"
Basic Cable,Scene Description,Clark starts up his van and peels away. He drives down on E street and makes a hard right onto another. Something catches his eye and he pulls into an M Burgers drive-through.
Basic Cable,Cashier,Welcome to McDonald's. Can I take your order?
Basic Cable,Clark,"Number 3 value meal, no pickle."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"Clark gets his meal and pulls away, going to eat at Stark's Pond. Once done, he goes back to town and does some grocery shopping. He gets some Thin snacks to go with his other purchases. He goes bowling and picks up nine pins. Finally, he shows up at the Stotch house."
Basic Cable,Stephen,"Oh. Well, finally! The cable company gave us a window from noon to 5 for you to show up, It's 5:15."
Basic Cable,Clark,[gets out] Well I'm only 15 minutes late.
Basic Cable,Stephen,This is why we should quit cable and just go to streaming services.
Basic Cable,Clark,"Oh, you want quantity over quality?! Streaming services are destroying our town! People don't watch and bond over the same shows anymore! Everyone watches somethin' different! 'Cause you got assholes in Hollywood making little niche programs for everybody! That's what you want?!"
Basic Cable,Stephen,"[coolly] Yeah, I think I do."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Sophie puts her books away in her locker."
Basic Cable,A Boy,"Uhh, hi. [she looks back to see whom it is] You're the new girl, right? i>[the boys is Pete] Just wanted to say, you know, welcome to the school."
Basic Cable,Sophie,Oh thanks. That's really nice of you.
Basic Cable,Pete,"I was wondering if maybe sometime, well I could show around if you need it."
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Wow, that'd be great. A couple of the other guys offered too."
Basic Cable,Pete,"[eyebrows knit] Yeah, a lot of the guys here are posers though. You gotta be careful."
Basic Cable,Sophie,That's funny. Another one of the guys said that. He was the tall kid that kinda dresses like you. [Scott appears from around a corner and is instantly alarmed when he sees Sophie talking with Pete]
Basic Cable,Pete,"Oh yeah, he's a total poser. [Scott goes back around the corner, where he can't be seen]"
Basic Cable,Scott,[whispers] God damnit! Fucking asshole. [whips out his glucose meter to measure his sugar and peaks around the corner. 172. He gets out some insulin and gives himself a shot. Sophie and Pete are still chatting]
Basic Cable,Sophie,"...yeah, and so my dad actually still lives in Scottsdale."
Basic Cable,Pete,Scottsdale. Love it there.
Basic Cable,Scott,[bumps Pete off] Hi Sophie. Hoe's it going?
Basic Cable,Pete,"Ow! Watch it, dork!"
Basic Cable,Scott,"I have something really important to tell you, Sophie. It can't wait."
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Oh, okay. [to Pete] I'll see you around, huh?"
Basic Cable,Pete,"Yeah, sure thing. [keeps an eye on Scott while leaving.]"
Basic Cable,Scott,"So, uh, you have diabetes, right?"
Basic Cable,Sophie,Yeah.
Basic Cable,Scott,[sighs] I... have diabetes. [grins.]
Basic Cable,Sophie,Oh. [silence]
Basic Cable,Scott,So... what do you wanna do now? [grins.]
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"The playground. While the other kids play, Scott and Sophie sit on the merry-go-round watching them"
Basic Cable,Scott,So... what's your favorite food... that you can't eat? Mine's waffles.
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Um, I haven't really thought about it."
Basic Cable,Scott,Oh...
Basic Cable,Sophie,Do you watch The Mandalorian on Disney+?
Basic Cable,Scott,"Oh... Ughuh, yeah, of course. I love The Mandalorian."
Basic Cable,Sophie,Right? It's the best Star Wars thing since Empire. Makes all the new movies look like dog shit.
Basic Cable,Scott,"Yeah, like, super dog shit."
Basic Cable,Clyde,"[walks up] Hey, you're the new girl, right?"
Basic Cable,Scott,She's busy! [Clyde is surprised; leaves]
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Hey, are you gonna watch the new episode on Friday? We could watch it together if you want."
Basic Cable,Scott,Oh my God. I would love that.
Basic Cable,Sophie,Okay. I'll be over right when it starts streaming.
Basic Cable,Scott,"Oh. Well, uh, the thing is, I, I mean uh..."
Basic Cable,Timmy,[rolls up] Timmih!
Basic Cable,Scott,"[gets off the merry-go-round] She's busy, and she's watching Mandalorian at my house!"
Basic Cable,Timmy,Timmih... [reverses direction and rolls away]
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"Malkinson Residence. His parents sit in their armchairs to watch TV. Scott has his own beanbag chair between them, but he's not home yet"
Basic Cable,Clark,"Look at that. Look. Two hundred and forty channels of anything we wanna watch. No accounts! No fucking passwords! Just pure, simple, basic cable."
Basic Cable,Scott,[opens the front door and enters the house] Mom! Dad! Guess what?! [closes the door]
Basic Cable,Clark,"Not now, Scott. Your mom and I are enjoying watching whatever we want [switches channels] and not signing up for anything."
Basic Cable,Scott,"But Dad, there's this new girl in school, and she has... diabetes!"
Basic Cable,Mrs. Malkinson,"Oh, that's wonderful, Scott."
Basic Cable,Scott,Yeah. And guess what? She wants to come over to our house! So we HAVE to get Disney+!
Basic Cable,Clark,"Oh, not this shit again! The answer is no! [gets up and heads for the kitchen]"
Basic Cable,Scott,"Dad, please! This is my life!"
Basic Cable,Clark,"Streaming services are destroying our culture, Scott! People got a thousand shows at their fingertips 24/7, so Hollywood has to make shows within their shows to make more shows!"
Basic Cable,Scott,"But Dad, what's wrong with people watching what they wanna watch when they wanna watch it?"
Basic Cable,Clark,"[mimicking] ""What's wrong with people watching what they wanna watch when they wanna watch it? I'm Scott Malkinson. I have diabetes."" [goes into the kitchen]"
Basic Cable,Scott,Unbelievable!! [turns left and walks away.]
Basic Cable,Clark,"[gets his phone and places a call] Yeah, it's me. It's time we took down all these streaming services down. Tell all the guys we're meeting ASAP, in a window between 10 am and 2 pm Thursday."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,The Scott Malkinson show returns.
Basic Cable,Clark,"Goddamnit, where are they?! We're gonna run out of time! [two more men arrive in their work van.] Where the hell have you guys been?!"
Basic Cable,Repairman 1 (Bill),You gave us a window of 10 am to 2 pm. It's 1:50.
Basic Cable,Clark,"""Between 10 and 2 doesn't mean you wait until 1-fucking-50!"""
Basic Cable,Repairman 2 (Kurt),Wow. What's wrong with you??
Basic Cable,Clark,"What's wrong is that we;'re losin' our asses to these sons of bitches! I don't know about you buys, but I haven't worked a full day in weeks! [pounds his left fist into his right palm]"
Basic Cable,Repairman 2,"Hey, that's right."
Basic Cable,Clark,"These streaming services all still need the Internet to stream, right? And who laid all that cable those companies are streamin' on?!"
Basic Cable,The other workers,We did.
Basic Cable,Clark,That's right. We fucking did. We're cable repairmen! We control what goes into people's houses! Us! It's time that we work together and show people how much they still need us!
Basic Cable,Repairman 3 (Michael),Yeah! Let's uncouple the stranded conductor!
Basic Cable,Repairman 2,Let's tear the insulation off the retractile cables.
Basic Cable,Clark,"Bill and Dave, you get supplies from the electronics store! Kurt, you help Michael with the hardware we're gonna need! Let's meet at the breaker between 4 and 7 pm!"
Basic Cable,The other workers,Yeah! [the repairmen get into their vans and race across town. Michael stops by a Walgreens to get his cholesterol checked. Bill and Dave head for a Royal Cinemas theater to watch a movie. Bill buys tickets and sends Dave off to buy snacks. Kurt goes into a tanning salon and gets an artificial tan.]
Basic Cable,Scene Description,Canada Ploos appears onscreen
Basic Cable,Announcer,You're watching Canada Ploos. Your source for all Canadian entertainment.
Basic Cable,Cartman,"[checking out this streaming service] Oh, that's pretty cool."
Basic Cable,Announcer,"Which Canadian program would you like to watch? [Cartman reviews the choices] Terrance & Philip. The Queef Sisters. Terrance & Philip. The Queef Sisters. Terrance &-. The Queef Sis-. [the channels pings, and The Queef Sisters appears onscreen. Catherine is sunbathing on a beach]"
Basic Cable,Katie,"Katherine, I have some bad news."
Basic Cable,Katherine,"What is it, Katie? [Katie squats down on her face and queefs on it, then gets off and the sisters laugh]"
Basic Cable,Cartman,"Agh, goddamnit. [pauses the stream and goes to the front door. He opens it, and Scott is on the landing]"
Basic Cable,Scott,You gotta help me!
Basic Cable,Cartman,With what?
Basic Cable,Scott,"With my baby girl! [enters the house] She's everything to me, bro, but to impress her, I have to get Disney+. How can I get it without my parents' credit card?"
Basic Cable,Cartman,You don't wanna go around messin' with that.
Basic Cable,Scott,"[turns around to face Cartman] You had a girlfriend, Eric. You and Heidi were together a long time. You know how important this is."
Basic Cable,Cartman,"[walks off] You want my advice? You're better off, Scott. Let some other fool have his life ruined."
Basic Cable,Scott,"What are you talking about, Eric? It-"
Basic Cable,Cartman,"[turns around] Do you know what love is, Scott? I'll tell you one thing: it's not the happy ending that Disney movies promised us. There's just frustration, and anger, and pain. Relationships is diabetes times ten."
Basic Cable,Scott,I can handle diabetes. I can handle a relationship.
Basic Cable,Cartman,"Fine. I'll tell you how to get Disney+. But when you feel like killing yourself in two years, don't do it in front of me."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,At a barbershop
Basic Cable,Clark,"Alright, let's do this! [reclines so his hare can be soaked in water, then sits up for his haircut. He reads Firearms Quarterly, then checks out some aftershave lotion, makes some purchases, and leaves] Dave? Dave, you got everything from the electronics store?"
Basic Cable,Dave,Not yet. Still workin' on it.
Basic Cable,Clark,Well what the fuck are you doing?!
Basic Cable,Dave,You gave me a window from noon to 3 to get it all; it's only 2:45.
Basic Cable,Clark,"God-fucking-damnit, can we get the show on the road here, guys?! Kurt, you got the cable splitters?"
Basic Cable,Kurt,[long pause] ...Huh?
Basic Cable,Clark,"Goddamnit, get the cable splitters!"
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park. Scott walks down Main Street looking for someone. He stops when he sees Nathan in the distance: ""streaming accounts"", then checks the insulin supplies in his tote bag. He goes on to meet Nathan"
Basic Cable,Nathan,Steaming accounts and passwords! Steaming accounts! Passwords!
Basic Cable,Scott,"Ah, hey."
Basic Cable,Nathan,Hey. What's going on?
Basic Cable,Scott,"Uuhh, Eric Cartman told me you have access to streaming accounts."
Basic Cable,Nathan,"Maybe I do, and maybe I don't. Are you a cop?"
Basic Cable,Scott,"No, I'm Scott Malkinson. I go to your school."
Basic Cable,Nathan,Never heard of you.
Basic Cable,Scott,"Haven't you ever heard the other kids say, ""I'm Scott Malkinson. I have diabetes""? Uh I'm Scott Malkinson."
Basic Cable,Nathan,"Oh, yeah. Well, in that case, [opens his jacket to reveal his wares] Hulu? Netflix? HBO Max? I got all the accounts and passwords you need."
Basic Cable,Scott,"No, I need a Disney+ account."
Basic Cable,Nathan,"Oh, you want the good stuff. That's pricey. Hard to find. What uh-are you lookin' to trade?"
Basic Cable,Scott,I have two 16-needle boxes of insulin. [takes out a box. Nathan takes a needle from the box and injects himself with it. A few seconds later he begins to shake.]
Basic Cable,Nathan,"Oh. Oh God. Oh! Ohhhhhhh! [the shaking subsides] Yeah, that's pretty good shit. [takes the box and sets it aside] Alright, here you go. [gives him a keygov] Disney+ account and password."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"The sewer under the neighborhood, evening. Below the manhole cover, the repairmen get to work."
Basic Cable,Clark,"Alright, I got the static coupler conected to the RF switch. You got the BT router undone, dave?"
Basic Cable,Dave,"Yeah. Yeah, I think that's got it."
Basic Cable,Clark,"Okay. Let's throw the pulse cable! [Dave stands up and pulls the switch, and the short travels around the tunnel, shutting down the electricity.] Yeah, I think that's good."
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"Scott's house, evening. Scott prepares a romantic dinner for himself and Sophie, and his sorting the chip bowl just right. The doorbell rings and he pants."
Basic Cable,Scott,Oh God. [goes to answer the door]
Basic Cable,Sophie,Hey!
Basic Cable,Scott,"Hi, Sophie."
Basic Cable,Sophie,[runs in] The show starts streaming in two minutes! [sits in Clark's armchair] I have to watch right when it starts streaming. I hate spoilers.
Basic Cable,Scott,Me too!
Basic Cable,Sophie,"This'll be a great place to watch it. [her phone beeps and she checks it out] Uh oh. Hey, do you have some juice or something? My blood sugar is a little low."
Basic Cable,Scott,"Oh my God, I love you so much."
Basic Cable,Sophie,Huh?
Basic Cable,Scott,"[reaches over into a pail of chilled juices and hands her some fruit punch] Uh, uhhh, here you go. I have lots of juices standing by."
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Great! [takes the bottle and drinks from it through its straw. Scott grins] Mm, okay, it's time. Put it on."
Basic Cable,Scott,O-kay! [turns the TV on and sees the Disney+ screen. He navigates to The Mandalorian] and clicks on it.
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod! Yesyesyesyes! [This makes Scott very happy. A baby Yoda appears onscreen lifting a cup, and the signal is lost] Hey, uh, what's going on?"
Basic Cable,Scott,"I, uh I don't know. [begins changing channels and gets the J&G Shopping Network's ""Jewelry Bonanza with Dean"".]"
Basic Cable,Dean,This is item number 45-78111.
Basic Cable,Sophie,Can you change it back?
Basic Cable,Scott,"It, ih-it's not... working."
Basic Cable,Dean,"Look at these stunning ear- [keeps shanging channels and gets static on Netflix, Amazon PrimeVideo, etc] I don't know what's going on!"
Basic Cable,Sophie,It's gonna be okay. That Jimmy kid invited me to watch at his house. Come on! [leaves the house]
Basic Cable,Scott,"[follows her out] Oh no, not Jimmy! Bae? Bae, come back!"
Basic Cable,Scene Description,PC Babies appears onscreen
Basic Cable,Emory,Now back to PC Babies.
Basic Cable,Stan,PC Babies? What the hell is this? [The four are at Jimmy's house with Clyde]
Basic Cable,Kyle,"Put it back to Mandalorian, Jimmy! Nobody likes PC Babies."
Basic Cable,Jimmy,"[tries getting back to the show, but keeps getting basic shows] I'm trying, but... something's wrong with the TV."
Basic Cable,Dean,-teen karat gold-
Basic Cable,Cartman,This is bullcrap! Give me that thing!
Basic Cable,Announcer,You're watching Canada Ploos. [a shot of Katherine queefing on Katie]
Basic Cable,Cartman,Goddamnit! [the doorbell rings and Jimmy goes to answer it. He opens the door and Sophie appears with Scott.]
Basic Cable,Jimmy,"Oh. Hey, Sophie."
Basic Cable,Scott,[miffed that he wasn't acknowledged] And Scott.
Basic Cable,Sophie,Hay! Hope it's still okay to come over?
Basic Cable,Jimmy,"Sure. Come on in. [leads them to the sofa] Hey, look who's here, fellas. It's Sophie."
Basic Cable,Scott,And Scott!
Basic Cable,The Boys,"Hey, Sophie."
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Oh no, your streaming services are messing up too?"
Basic Cable,Stan,What do you mean? This isn't just happening here?
Basic Cable,Sophie,No. We were just at Scott's house and it was the same thing. This is terrible!
Basic Cable,Cartman,"[leaves the sofa and walks over to Sophie] Hey, don't worry, Sophie. We can go watch it together at Token's house. His family has the best AV equipment."
Basic Cable,Scott,"Oh, what happened to ""girls are just like diabetes""?!"
Basic Cable,Stan,Let's just hurry and get to Token's house!
Basic Cable,Kyle,"Yeah! Come on, Sophie!"
Basic Cable,Scott,And Scott!
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"A Hulu screen appears first, then a new show..."
Basic Cable,Steve Black,"[Token's family is shown] We're the Blacks, a hip family just trying to get by. The problem is, our neighbors."
Basic Cable,Bob White,We're the Whites. Nobody cares if bad things ever happen to us anymore. And things are getting worse. [a shot of the familes facing off over a hedge row]
Basic Cable,Both men,"Because in this town, it's The Whites And The Blacks, on Amazon Prime."
Basic Cable,Linda S.,[pounds on the TV and gets different basic cable channels] What the? What is wrong with this stupid thing?!
Basic Cable,Stephen,"Aha, I don't even know who to call, uh. Here, let me try something. [presses buttons on his phone]"
Basic Cable,Clark,"[his phone rings] Here it comes. Here it comes. [shushes the other repairmen and picks up] Park County Cable. Oh, your streaming isn't working. Huh. Gee, I'm sorry, that's really not our problem. [puts a thumb up, and another call tries to get through] Uh, ohuh sir, can you hang on? I got another call. [presses a button] Clark County Cable. None of your streaming services are working either? Don't worry. You and everyone else in this town can count on your local cable company. We'll come fix the problem. [hangs up] Alright guys, let's be the heroes this town needs!"
Basic Cable,The repairmen,Yeah!!
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"JBO Max appears onscreen, followed by ""Crab People"""
Basic Cable,Announcer,You're watching Crab People on HBO Max.
Basic Cable,Sheriff,[talking to a woman at her house] So you say that these mutant crab people came up from under the ground and started eating children?
Basic Cable,Woman,"Nonono, Crab People was the show that came on TV when I was trying to watch Stranger Things on Netflix."
Basic Cable,Sheriff,"Oh. [goes to the screen and stands next to it. The screen does have Crab People on it. He pounds on the TV a few times, but gets the same results everyone else has gotten. The front door opens and Sophie comes in with the group of boys]"
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Mom, I can't watch Mandalorian anywhere. [looks at her TV] oh no, it's happening here too?"
Basic Cable,Sophie's Mom,"Who are all these boys, Sophie?"
Basic Cable,Cartman,Hello ma'am. I'm Eric Cartman. How are you?
Basic Cable,Jimmy,"Uh hi, Muh my name is Jimmy."
Basic Cable,Stan,"Uh, my name's Stan Marsh. [Kyle and Kenny introduce themselves]"
Basic Cable,Clyde,...Clyde Donovan.
Basic Cable,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, nobody cares, Clyde. [Scott feels left out, so he looks into the kitchen and moves towards it. He begins to move stealthily. He reaches the refrigerator and opens it, looking for something sweet to eat. Not satisfied with anything in the fridge, he looks elsewhere and finds a blueberry pie on the kitchen table. He climbs up onto a stool and starts eating the pie, getting more voracious with every bite]"
Basic Cable,Stan,"Well, it looks like nobody's streaming shows tonight. Sorry, Sophie."
Basic Cable,Cartman,"Not as sorry as I am, Sophie."
Basic Cable,Jimmy,"I-I'm the most sorriest, So-Sophie."
Basic Cable,Scott,"[comes back to the living room in a rage and dressed a bit like Wolverine.] Yyeeaahh! [the other kids back up] You assholes, stop talking to her!"
Basic Cable,Stan,Scott?
Basic Cable,Scott,"I am done having you all ruin my life! You hear me?! Done! You've taken my dignity for all these years, but you are not taking my girlfriend!"
Basic Cable,Sophie,"What are you talking about, Scott? I'm not your girlfriend."
Basic Cable,Scott,[turns around] Eh. You're not?
Basic Cable,Cartman,"Uh oh, looks like you got some pie on your face, Scott."
Basic Cable,Sophie,"I'm not anyone's girlfriend! I just fuckiing moved here, you guys. Can I have some time to unpack the shit in my room?"
Basic Cable,Scott,"But Sophie, you're totally my type! Type I diabetes!"
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Scott, I'm more than just my diabetes."
Basic Cable,Scott,[his hopes are dashed] ...Well I'm not. I'm Scott Malkinson. [turns around and walks out of the house with his head low]
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"""One For The Ladies"" appears on-screen. Scott sits alone on the school's merry-go-round. He gets out his glucose meter and measures his sugar. 40. A very low level, as indicated by the broken heart on the monitor. He sighs and continues sitting there."
Basic Cable,Sophie,"Need a candy bar? [he looks to his left and sees her there] You're low, right? [she sits next to him] Here. [gives him a bar, which he eats] It stinks having diabetes sometimes, huh?"
Basic Cable,Scott,You seem to do alright.
Basic Cable,Sophie,Still sucks. Kids don't know how much extra you have to do every day just to be okay.
Basic Cable,Scott,Yeah.
Basic Cable,Sophie,I'm glad there's a kid at my new school who I can talk about diabetes with.
Basic Cable,Scott,You don't think I'm weird and gross?
Basic Cable,Sophie,You know what? I don't think you're any weirder and grosser than any of the other boys in this town.
Basic Cable,Scott,"Wow. That's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. I'm sorry you missed your show, Sophie. I don't know what happened, but somehow I feel like it's my fault."
Basic Cable,Sophie,That's okay. I had an interesting night. I think I kind of like the Scott Malkinson Show.
Basic Cable,Scene Description,"End of Basic Cable. ""The Scott Malkinson Show"" appears one last time, with a phone number to call for streaming right if anyone's interested: (719)838-4002. The cable repairmen run into view"
Basic Cable,Clark,"Okay, we're here! Let's geh-aaah, shit! [they resume their walk, but slowly and out of view]"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"The season ends with a regular introduction. Then comes the first scene, A Christmas gathering at the town square. A stage is set up with a Christmas tree behind it. Mr. Mackey sings and plays piano while the Mayor waits her turn to speak..Families are present, but there are stands for wine, beer, and cocktails. Mr. Mackey sings ""Happy Holidays"" as the townsfolk enjoy their drinks."
Christmas Snow,Mayor McDaniels,"Alright, everyone! Are we enjoying the festivities?! [the crowd cheers] Well, it's time for a very special guest now. Here he is, SANTA! [steps to her left as Santa approaches the podium.]"
Christmas Snow,The boys,Santa!
Christmas Snow,Santa,"[approahes with his arms up in the air.] Merry Christmas, everyone! This is the season for joy and giving. But let's also not forget that unfortunately, it's the season for accidents caused by drunk driving. [The cheering stops] Did you know that the holidays are when the most DUIs and drinking-related accidents occur?"
Christmas Snow,Townsman 1,This is like that little Greta girl with the global warming. [cups his lips] BUZZ KILL! [boos begin to rise from the audience.]
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Please, be sure to celebrate the holiday season responsibly, because last holiday season [the boos get louder and louder] The-, the most drunk-driving accidents than ever bef-"
Christmas Snow,Townsman 2,"We're trying to have fun here, Santa!"
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Okay, okay, Come on. All Santa is saying is that drinking and driving during the holidays-"
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"[steps in and moves him to one side] Okay, thank you, Santa! That was wonderful and informative. Thank you for coming [Santa turns and walks offstage], everyone. We hope your and your loved ones enjoy all your favorite holiday traditions."
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Yeah! Let's drive! [everyone gets in their cars and drives off. Reckless driving everywhere to the tune of ""Kay Thompson's Jingle Bells"".]"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"One couple fishtails it down the road, narrowly missing a head-on crash. The two drivers wave at each other. Two other cars almost crash at an intersection, but the red car stops and lets the other one by. The drivers wave at each other. The Valmers are driving home, each with a drink in hand, with Jimmy in the back seat. A driver in a green car rams into a fire hydrant, causing a geyser to rise up out of the ground. Another couple fishtails down the road. Five cars meet at an intersection and all narrowly miss each other. A driver in a purple car rams into a tree and is ejected from the car, dying instantly. One car with a mother and two kids stops in the middle of the street for no reason, and another car runs into it, causing collision damage. Five kids are on a hill waiting to slide down in snow tubes. A boy goes down and is run over by a car. and his snow tube is destroyed. A dog crosses the street and is shredded to bits by another car. The Stotches re driving home, with Butters in the back seat. Nothing happens there. Two other cars have a head-on collision in a residential street"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Food 4 Little, next day. Shopping goes on as usual"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"[greeting two other shoopers] Mornin', Jim. Mornin', Kate."
Christmas Snow,Jim,"Mornin', Stotch."
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"You really tied one one last night, huh? Happy holidays."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"The liquor aisle. Jimbo, Liane, and the Whites look down the aidle, which is blocked off by a chain and a sign."
Christmas Snow,Jimbo,What the hell's goin' on?
Christmas Snow,Bob,"Uh we c-, we don't know."
Christmas Snow,Stephen,[walks up] Hey guys. [notices the chain and sign] The fuck is this?
Christmas Snow,Jimbo,There's like a... chain blocking the liquor aisle.
Christmas Snow,Bob,"Maybe we can just go around to the other side. Come on! [they all go around the blockage to the other end, where they see the Blacks, the Tweeks, and Mr. Mackey.]"
Christmas Snow,Jimbo,What the hell?
Christmas Snow,Mr. Mackey,I don't know. There's some sort of blockage in front of the booth section.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"But this is ridiculous. [tries to enter the aisle, but the chain stops him. He reaches to his left, then to his right, but can't reach the bottles.] Manager? Manager!"
Christmas Snow,"Jason, the Manager",[arrives] Can I help you?
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Manager, there's a chain and sign blocking our way into the liquor aisle."
Christmas Snow,Jason,Yes. We can't sell liquor during the holidays. Somebody got a new county ordinance passed.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,What? Who has that kind of power?
Christmas Snow,Jimbo,"It's Christmas, damnit! What are we supposed to drink?"
Christmas Snow,Jason,You gotta just drink what ya have at your house.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,We drank it all before driving to the tree-lighting ceremony!
Christmas Snow,All,Yeah!
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"South Park Village Liquor, moments later. The proprietor rolls down his security doog and locks up"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Hey, woah woah woah, wait! Hold on!"
Christmas Snow,Proprietor,"Sorry, everyone. I've been shut down until the New Year."
Christmas Snow,Jimbo,No! Not you too??
Christmas Snow,Liane,You must have something you can give us.
Christmas Snow,Proprietor,"All I've got is this little bottle of peppermint schnapps, but it's barely enough form my drive home."
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"[grabs the proprietor by the collar] I've got family coming over, from out of town! You can't expect me to be sober!"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, moments later. He's wiping down wine glasses at the corner when the other rush into the bar"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Skeeter! Thank God you're still open. I've me a Cabernet, huh? And a couple of bottles to take home."
Christmas Snow,Skeeter,"I've got lemonade, soft drinks, and tea. That's all I can sell until January 2nd."
Christmas Snow,Richard,Son of a bitch!
Christmas Snow,Liane,This can't be happening.
Christmas Snow,Jimbo,"Hey, come on, guys. It's still Christmas, and we have to make the best of it. How about we all drive around a little?"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Oh what's the point, Jimbo? What's the point in driving now?"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"South Park, a day or two later. A children choir sings ""Silent Night."" The streets are barren - no one is driving or shopping. City Hall is shown in the background through a line of other buildings, with the Mayor and an aide looking out a window."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,Nobody's out shopping. The town is dead. Our economy depends on the holidays.
Christmas Snow,Janson,"We don't know who passed the ordinance, Mayor, but... well, the people feel left out."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,There's only one thing we can do. We're going to have to ask an old friend for help... and hope that he somehow forgives us.
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The snow is thick there now. A couple of city SUVs drive up. The drives one, Stephen drives the other. Everybody gets out and walks up to Randy's door. The Mayor knocks. The door opens and everyone is a bit shocked. Randy has let his beard grow out, and it's gray and white."
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Hello, Mayor,... everybody. What are you doing here?"
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"Mr. Marsh, South Park needs you."
Christmas Snow,Randy,For what?
Christmas Snow,Mayor,Everyone's down in the dumps. Nobody's buying presents or going to holiday events.
Christmas Snow,Richard,People... they need some holiday spirit.
Christmas Snow,Mayor,We think that... a little weed might put everyone in a better mood.
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Guys, my season is over. Tegridy Farms' season ended weeks ago."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"We understand, but couldn't you do like a limited-edition run just to get people through the holidays?"
Christmas Snow,Randy,...You want me to do a... Christmas special?
Christmas Snow,Mayor,Yes. South Park needs Tegridy Farms.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"We all do, Randy."
Christmas Snow,Randy,"But guys, look behind you. [points at the barren fields; they turn and look] The crops are dead. How am I supposed to sell weed to people now?"
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"I'll tell you how. [they turn back around] Because you're Randy Marsh, and there's one thing you have that nobody else does. Tegridy."
Christmas Snow,Randy,Tegridy.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,You a-you're not gonna let a little cold weather stand in your way. Tegridy Farms is about community.
Christmas Snow,Mrs. Tweek,And community is what matters. That's Tegridy. That's Tegridy Weed.
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Well, you're right about that. Let me call my marijuana science specialist and.... I'll see what I can do."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"Thank you, Marsh. May God bless Tegridy Farms."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"The barn at Tegridy Farms, night. The barn is ablaze in light. Towelie and Randy are in the barn. Randy paces back and forth while Towelie sits on a hay bale."
Christmas Snow,Towelie,"Look, I'm sorry, Randy, but marijuana just doesn't grow in the cold."
Christmas Snow,Randy,So we use the greenhouse. There's gotta be a way to make a Christmas special. It's what everyone wants.
Christmas Snow,Towelie,"[gets off the hay bale] Wwwait a minute. [walks off a bit] How about we repackage some of the surplus? [stands before three shelves of surplus, one for Mexican Joker, one for Halloween Special, and one for Season Finale. None of them are to be touched] I have lots of left-over Mexican Joker."
Christmas Snow,Randy,That's 'cause people really didn't like Mexican Joker. I'm not gonna just repackage it. That's not special.
Christmas Snow,Towelie,"Okay, so how about we combine- what's left of the Mexican Joker with some of the Season Finale?"
Christmas Snow,Randy,Nagh.
Christmas Snow,Towelie,What's wrong?
Christmas Snow,Randy,"[walks off] It's just... it needs [turns around] something else. Just mixing old product together and naming it something new? That's not special. [turns around, but immiediately turns back] And it's not Tegridy! [walks to the barn entrance and leans on it] It's just not Tegridy. [looks up at the stars and focuses on a pulsar] It's gonna be your birthday soon, Jesus. I wanna make something as special as you are. [gets pensive and pumps his fist.] I just need the right idea. [the wind picks up and he looks up again. A cloud comes up and blocks the star, and snow begins to fall. Randy raises his hands palms up, not knowing how to react]"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"South Park Winter Rink. Kids ice-skate to ""Blue Christmas"" as the parents look on from outside the rink"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,I hate the holidays.
Christmas Snow,Linda B.,"Come on, Token! Let!s wrap it up and get out of here! [the kid gather in front of the Christmas tree]"
Christmas Snow,Craig,"Dude, our parents seem really bummed out."
Christmas Snow,Jimmy,Yeah. It's like someone came and took all their Christmas ssssspirit.
Christmas Snow,Cartman,"[skates into view.] This isn't good, you guys. You know what it means when our parents have no Christmas spirit? Shitty presents. We're screwed, you guys."
Christmas Snow,Butters,Well they just gotta get their Christmas spirits back. They just gotta.
Christmas Snow,Kenny,[after a few seconds] (What's that?!) [a snow mobile is heard in the distance and it gets louder]
Christmas Snow,Liane,"[turns around] Look. [the other adults turn around. Randy pulls up in the snow mobiile pulling a sled full of the Christmas special, and honks his horn. Towelie comes down from the top of the load as Randy steps off the mobile]"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Well howdy there, folks."
Christmas Snow,Gerald,Randy?
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Heard you were all a little down and might need a boost. [bends his arms at the elbows and swings them], so I thought I'd bring you some [removes the tarp] Christmas Snow. [the camera pans across the cargo, showing jars of Tegridy weed covered in white powder. The crowd marvels at it and gathers around] Whoa whoa, there's enough for everybody. [the adults start taking jars of the stuff and paying Towelie for it]"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"[opens his jar and sniffs] Oh wow, this smells great!"
Christmas Snow,Thomas,"Hey, what's this white stuff on the top?"
Christmas Snow,Randy,Just a little somethin' extra for a special kick.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Well, what are we waiting for, everyone? Let's do some driving! [the adults promptly get in their cars and start driving recklessly]"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day."
Christmas Snow,Announcer,"Now, back to the Tegridy Farms Christmas Special."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,The Mayor bangs on Randy's door. Janson is with her. Randy answers the door and looks out
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Oh, hi Mayor."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"We need to talk, Marsh! [they head inside]"
Christmas Snow,Randy,What's going on? Are people not liking the Christmas special so far?
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"[eyes the weed carefully] Oh, people loooove the Christmas special. [picks up a jar] So, Marsh [turns around], what exactly is in this Christmas snow?"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Okay, okay, look, you busted us. It's a mix of different strains of marijuana we had left over from last season. I know, it's wrong..."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"Nonono, what is the white stuff on the marijuana?"
Christmas Snow,Randy,Oh that? That's cocaine.
Christmas Snow,Mayor,WHAT???
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Yeah, I got the idea praying to Christ. You know, powder, snow, it's what gives Christmas Snow its kick. [gives Janson and the Mayor a tour of his small operation] Getting enough cocaine was the tricky part, so we started growing our own. Turns out the coca plant is even hardier than the marijuana plant. It can grow even when we're out of season."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,What is wrong with you?! [Janson's jaw drops] We can't have you selling this stuff in town! COCAINE IS ILLEGAL!
Christmas Snow,Randy,It is?? [he and Towelie look at each other and shrug]
Christmas Snow,Mayor,"Jesus Christ, you can't just give people coke without them knowing! We could all go to prison!"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Hey hey, it's not a big deal. I've been through this before. [being walking away] Hang on, I'll handle it. Don't go anywhere."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Randy pulls away from the farm and goes to town. He stands outside a store collecting signatures to legalize cocaine. He walks around waving a ""MAKE MEDICINAL COCAINE LEGAL NOW!"" sign"
Christmas Snow,Randy,Legalize it! Legalize it!
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"He speaks before Congress, wish signs for cocaine for the terminally ill and for Alzheimers patients on either side. He opens a medicinal cocaine store and gets some news coverate. He returns to the store that started it all, with two clipboards and a sign now urging ""Cocaine is for EVERYONE, not just sick people."" He speaks at Coachella with a sign behind him: ""THE DRUG WAR IS RACIST"" He then leads a protest march. Then he returns home, where the Mayor and Janson are still waiting, and goes inside"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Okay, cocaine's totally legal now."
Christmas Snow,Mayor,It- it is? [reads the new law]
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Yeah, legal in seven states including this one, and other states are soon to follow. I told you. It's 2019, dawg."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Santa's Workshop in South Park. A line of kids and their parents wait for Santa to show up. Next, Santa takes requests from Butters"
Christmas Snow,Butters,"I'm sorry, Santa, I just can't think of anything I want this year. Well I guess maybe now I'm losing my Christmas Spirit."
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Well, how about a little baby Yoda doll?"
Christmas Snow,Butters,"Neah. Mandalorian was great the first few episodes, but it's really fallin' apart lately. [a car screeches off-screen, a woman screams, and a crash occurs, followed by shattering glass. Santa sets Butters down, gets up and walks forward a bit]"
Christmas Snow,Santa,What on earth?? [his arms spread out upon closer inspection]
Christmas Snow,driver,"[stumbles out of his car, slurring] Me-herry Christmas."
Christmas Snow,Santa,What the-? How are people still drinking and driving??
Christmas Snow,Woman,"[speaking a little quickly] Oh, they aren't drunk, Santa. Everyone's just enjoying this. [holds up a jar of Christmas Snow] Tegridy Farms Christmas Snow. It's organic, locally grown, and available now. [hands the jar to Santa]"
Christmas Snow,Townsman (voice),"It's great, Santa."
Christmas Snow,Mr. Testaburger,"Oh, you gotta try it, Santa. It's really good."
Christmas Snow,Townsman 3,"Yeah, try it. You gotta try it. It's amazing, Santa."
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Marijuana? This isn't what Santa meant! I got rid of liquor and now you assholes are all just getting high?! God-fucking-damnit! [smashes the jar into the ground, shattering it] Santa will just see about this! [storms off]"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy and Towelie are busy packaging more Christmas Snow in the living room"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Our Christmas special is so amazing, I don't know how we're gonna keep up with all the demand."
Christmas Snow,Towelie,I know. I know. I can't print labels fast enough.
Christmas Snow,Randy,We need more help. We're never gonna get enough done in time. Hey Shelley! Hey Shelley! Hey Shelley!
Christmas Snow,Shelley,[walks into view] What?!
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Hey Shelley, can you help us make more labels for our Christmas special?"
Christmas Snow,Shelley,No! I'm not helping you with your stupid blow. [walks out of view]
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Oh great. My daughter had a marijuana problem and now she has a problem with cocaine. [hears someone hammering at his front door] Ah. Must be more customers. [opens the door to see a man hammering a chain and sign across the entrance, same as the chain and sign at Foor 4 Little] What the hell is this?"
Christmas Snow,Worker,New ordinance's been passed by the county. No marijuana sales till after the holidays.
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Heheey, fuck you. Who has that kind of power?"
Christmas Snow,Worker,"Look, I just do what I'm told, man. Happy holidays. [turns and walks down the steps and away] Hey, but eh, you can't do this. [closes the door and tells Towelie] They just dshut down our business."
Christmas Snow,Towelie,What are you talking about?
Christmas Snow,Randy,We can't sell marijuana during the holidays.
Christmas Snow,Towelie,What are we gonna do?
Christmas Snow,Randy,[walks off a bit] We can't give up on the Christmas special. People need it. I think I know a way around this.
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Tegridy Weed commercial, winter holiday version"
Christmas Snow,Announcer 2,"[shots of Tegridy Farms in winter] There's somethin' 'bout the holiday season. [Towelie sits on the Tegridy Farms sign holding a candy cane with a bow on it, and waves at the camera.] Folks seem a little nicer. The days, a little more special. [a shot of a small gathering for a meal] And sometimes we all need a little pick-me-up without any added ingredients. [a shot of marijuana-free Christmas Snow] Introducing marijuana-free Christmas Snow from Tegridy Farms. [Randy pours out the blow in two lines on the dining table] All the festive snow you love, without that pesky marijuana. [Randy looks out over his fields and rests on a fence post] Because there's nothin' like a warm fire, holiday presents, [Randy is out in the field, grinning and licking his teeth.] and a little Rocky Mountain cocaine. [a couple of shots of couples sharing gifts] During Christmas, don't you want your cocaine to be organic, pure, and locally-grown? [four women throw confetti in the air, followed by a shot of someone snorting coke, then someone cutting it to their desired amount] Cocaine that's grown locally has never been smuggled, so the only ass it's gonna be up is yours. [another couple trades gifts, then the montage ends with a jar of Christmas Snow] Marijuana-free Christmas Snow, now available from Tegridy Farms. It's cocaine that's farm to nostril."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"A shot of driving habits under this drug. Then, a shot of the boys sitting on the steps in front of City Hall watching it all"
Christmas Snow,Cartman,"Boy, people sure have the holiday spirit now."
Christmas Snow,Kyle,"Yeah, what the hell happened?"
Christmas Snow,Jimmy,"It's weird, though. My parents have a lot of holiday spirit, but they sleep until three in the afternoon every day."
Christmas Snow,Craig,"Yeah. Last night, my mom had a ton of holiday spirit and then passed out. She hasn't gone to buy me any presents."
Christmas Snow,Cartman,"Butters, your mom has so much holiday spirit that she's riding an ATV with her tits out. [Butters' jaw drops as he sees his mom approaching the boys doing that that.]"
Christmas Snow,Linda Stotch,Christmas. Woo-oo-ooo.
Christmas Snow,Butters,"Yeah, that's a little too much holiday spirit, if you ask me."
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Town Square, day. Randy has a booth set up, """"Tegridy Farms Marijuana-Free Christmas Snow. He and Towelie are taking orders from two lines of people"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"There you are, ma'am. There you are, sir. This is amazing, Towelie. Tegridy Farms is finally gonna make all the money I ever dreamed of."
Christmas Snow,Santa,[showing up] What the Sam Hell is going on here?! [the clients begin answering. Santa takes a jar from one of them] Marijuana-free Christmas Snow? Do you realize that tomorrow is Christmas Eve?!
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"And it's gonna be the best Christmas ever! [the sound of wheels screeching is heard, and all turn to see what it is. A woman is heard screaming, then the impact, then shattering glass. Then cheers as two wrecked cars are shown, the drivers clearly under the influence]"
Christmas Snow,Female driver,Happy holidays! Woo!
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"The rooftops, night. Santa slinks from house to house, going down chimneys and confiscating the jars of Christmas Snow. The first house he visits has a table with a jar of coke, six lines of coke, two razor blades, a straw made from a dollar bill, and a small mound of coke on it. He takes it all and swipes it into his sack. Next he visits the Stotch house, into the master bedroom, looks in Linda's nightstand and removes two tiny packets of coke, then takes a jar from the Christmas tree and another jar from the medicine cabinet in the bathroom. He goes to Mackey's bed and takes the jar from Mackey's hands while Mackey sleeps. Mackey has some coke on his nostrils, but Santa leaves that alone. Santa then goes to the Broflovski house and takes the jars from the tree. He notices Ike looking on, gives him some milk, and sends him back upstairs. He sweeps a bunch of coke in baggies off a table, takes a jar from another tree, then reaches Tegridy Farms itself. He goes to the ban and puts every jar he sees into his sack. He throws the sack onto his sleigh and urges the reindeer to get moving."
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Santa to base, come in."
Christmas Snow,Elf,"This is base. Go ahead, Santa."
Christmas Snow,Santa,Sleigh is too loaded down to fly. Gonna have to take the roads until I can find a place to dump all this blow. [hears Randy honking behind him and turns to make sure]
Christmas Snow,Randy,"[coming up fast on his snowmobile] Hold on tight, Towelie! We have to save Christmas! [Santa faces forward and brings down the whip on the reindeer a few times. The race is on. Santa looks over his shoulder, then notices something ahead]"
Christmas Snow,Santa,Oh shit! [runs through a guard rail and over a cliff.] Ho ho ho!
Christmas Snow,Randy,O-ho! [follows Santa over the cliff] Ohhhhh!
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Stephen looks around for his Christmas Snow in the bathroom"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,The hell is...? Did you do all my marijuana-free Christmas snow?
Christmas Snow,Linda,[appears at the bathroom door] I was just gonna ask you the same thing.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,What are you talking about?
Christmas Snow,Linda,"Mine's all gone. You had another bander last night, didn't you?"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,No! [points at her] Clearly you did!
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,The Tucker house. Thomas hears some pounding at his door and goes to answer it and sees Stephen and Linda.
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Thomas, we were just wondering if we could borrow a little Christmas Snow."
Christmas Snow,Thomas,"You can't find yours either?? My wife's been searching all morning. [in the kitchen, Laura dumps the trash onto the floor and starts looking through it]"
Christmas Snow,Laura,The trash. We must have thrown it in the trash. It has to be here somewhere.
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"Eventually, all the residents gather in the street and chat about the missing Snow"
Christmas Snow,Bob,Alright listen. Somebody obviously took everyone else's snow and it's not cool! Come on. it's Christmas!
Christmas Snow,Steve,Somebody has to have a little. I feel like total shit.
Christmas Snow,Mr. Mackey,"It's gone, okay?! Just face it, it's all gone!"
Christmas Snow,Scene Description,"The cliff bottom, day. Santa looks through the wreckage that was his sleigh."
Christmas Snow,Santa,"[to the head elf] This is Santa. The sleigh still isn't functional. Got some of it repaired, but I don't think I'm gonna make it back in time for Christmas. [Randy appears behind him and walks up]"
Christmas Snow,Randy,Hey Santa. We need to talk.
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Stay back, mutherfucker!"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Santa, you don't understand."
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Oh, Santa understands plenty! You assholes drink and drive and you think marijuana is somehow different, go driving around on that, and then you go and make this shit!"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Santa, that's not just cocaine. It's Tegridy cocaine."
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Oh, don't give Santa that! Coke is coke! [turns away]"
Christmas Snow,Randy,"That's not true! This cocaine is grown locally. By local people. Please, just try it!"
Christmas Snow,Santa,Santa's done coke before. Santa knows what-
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Please! [Santa pauses, takes a dash of coke, and sniffs t]"
Christmas Snow,Santa,"It's, it's cocaine. Just like every other cocaine Santa's ever tried. You people really think that the holidays are- Okay, yeah, that's pretty good. But it doesn't matter! Because Christmas is a- Wow, that is really clean."
Christmas Snow,Randy,Right?
Christmas Snow,Santa,"It's like not speedy at all. It's really mellow. [walks to a log and sits down] Honestly, I didn't think cocaine could be this pure, wow."
Christmas Snow,Randy,[joins him] Because it's grown here. On a farm. It's not cut with any nasty chemicals or harmful impurities. [hands Santa a metal sheet and a thin pipe]
Christmas Snow,Santa,"No, you can tell. It's really clean. Santa likey. [sniffs up some more coke] Maybe I have been a little too old-fashioned in my thinking."
Christmas Snow,Jesus,I can't believe what I'm hearing! [they look up and see Jesus approaching]
Christmas Snow,Santa,Oh Jesus.
Christmas Snow,Jesus,"I have heard your prayers, Marsh! And I've been watching. You want people to think that home-grown cocaine is the same as legalizing marijuana?"
Christmas Snow,Santa,"Jesus, you really gotta try it."
Christmas Snow,Jesus,No!
Christmas Snow,Santa,"You cut out the middle man, nobody dies in South America, nobody dies from impurities [sniff]."
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Please, Jesus."
Christmas Snow,Jesus,"[Takes a tray and straw, and sniffs the coke.] Okay, I get it. It's really clean. It's... yeah. It's a good high."
Christmas Snow,Santa,It's fucking pure.
Christmas Snow,Randy,It's Tegridy.
Christmas Snow,Jesus,"Well, maybe we all do need a little Tegridy at Christmas time. [walks up to the sleigh]"
Christmas Snow,Santa,"What are you doing, Jesus?"
Christmas Snow,Jesus,I think it's time for a little Christmas miracle. [lifts out three sacks of Christmas Snow and disperses the snow all over town. Adults begin noticing the blow and tasting it.]
Christmas Snow,Townsman 4,"[tastes the blow settling on his hand] Hey. Hey. Hey, everybody!"
Christmas Snow,Mr. Mackey,[in the town square] Try to catch some on your tongue. It's fun.
Christmas Snow,Cartman,Does this mean you all have the Christmas spirit again?
Christmas Snow,Stephen,You're darn tootin' we do!
Christmas Snow,Randy,"Hey guys, I'm so happy my Christmas Special turned out okay."
Christmas Snow,Santa,It's more than okay. Tegridy cocaine is smooth and has a great finish.
Christmas Snow,Jesus,"I'll bet when coke becomes legal soon, everyone will want Tegridy Cocaine!"
Christmas Snow,Stephen,"Well, only one thing left to do, gang. Let's go driving!"
Christmas Snow,All,Yeah! [they get into their cars and start driving recklessly again]
Christmas Snow,Announcer 2,All-natural Tegridy Cocaine. Endorsed and approved by Santa Claus. Available soon at a store near you.
The Pandemic Special,Scene Description,"The episode begins with a bleak landscape. Everything in town looks abandoned and decayed. In the school playground, one of the swings is falling apart. At the bus stop, a shoe print echoes the one at the moon landing, while a Vons sign is on the ground nearby. Butters sits on the front steps to his house, his head on his hands, wearing an N95 face mask. His father Stephen exits the house wearing a mask, with a trash bag"
The Pandemic Special,Butters,"Hey, Dad, do you think maybe we could go to Build-A-Bear today?"
The Pandemic Special,Stephen,"Butters, for the last time, you can't go to Build-A-Bear!"
The Pandemic Special,Butters,"But they said they were open again, so I-"
The Pandemic Special,Stephen,"Yes, they're open, but we are not the Johnsons, and we do not go to nonessential businesses when it's nonessential! [looks out into the street. A group of four people walks by. Two of them are not wearing their masks properly] Hey, do you people mind?! You're supposed to wear your mask over your nose. Looks like you're wearing a diaper for your chin. Chin diapers don't help. [the group just moves off, followed by mumbling. More people walk by, eventually becoming a crowd] What the? What's going on now?!"
The Pandemic Special,Roger Donovan,Something at the town square. Everyone's gathering!
The Pandemic Special,Stephen,Well are we protesting or are we rioting?
The Pandemic Special,Roger,"No no, it's something to do with the pandemic. Something big is going on."
The Pandemic Special,Stephen,"Stay here, Butters. [sets the trash bag down and joins the crowd]"
The Pandemic Special,Scene Description,"The Town Square. The stage is set up, with a sign over it reading ""SOUTH PARK BENEFIT FOR COVID-19"" Behind him, the background said ""WE ARE IN THIS TOGETHER"""
The Pandemic Special,Randy,"Hey everybody. Can everyone hear me okay? Thanks for turning out, everyone. You know, we've all been through a lot these past several months. We've shut down and people have lost their businesses, lost their livelihoods. I also own a small business. I sell weed, and I have to say ... I'm actually doing pretty good. Amazing. [a business growth chart for 2020 pops up, showing how the business has grown since the pandemic began.] Tegridy Farms weed has seen a 400% increase in sales since the shutdown in March. I see Thomas Turner out there [Heidi's dad, shown with her mom]. Thomas opened a restaurant in SoDoSoPa... doesn't seem like such a good idea now, does it, Turner? [a flash of anger appears on their faces] And there's Marley Jarvis, who owned and operated her own tanning salon. Whoops. But I just can't stand here and gloat, because Tegridy Weed is about giving back to people. And that's very proud to announce... that Tegridy Weed is having a Pandemic Special! [a collage of pictures taken over the year appears, with ""$ PANDEMIC SPECIAL $"" plastered over it] And all-new hybrid of our best weed sold at nearly 10% off our usual price. Not only that, but when you buy three pounds or more of the Pandemic Special you get a complimentary Pandemic 2020 bong [a large blue bong with PANDEMIC 2020 on it.]. We are a community. Let's all be together... with Tegridy. [the Tegridy Farms logo pops up]"
The Pandemic Special,Scene Description,Randy and Sharon are driving home
The Pandemic Special,Randy,I think people are really excited. What do you think?
The Pandemic Special,Sharon,"A pandemic special, Randy?! Really?!"
The Pandemic Special,Randy,What?
The Pandemic Special,Sharon,"People are hurting! People are dying, Randy! And all you can think about is making a special about it?"
The Pandemic Special,Randy,[assertively] I'm doing positive to try and help. People really need this right now.
The Pandemic Special,Sharon,"You are a child, Randy! These are very serious times and nobody wants or cares about your stupid special right now!"
The Pandemic Special,Randy,[a bit softly] We'll see if they like my special.
The Pandemic Special,Scene Description,"An aerial view of the suburbs. A drown zeroes in on Cartman's house. ""SOUTH PARK Pandemic SPECIAL"" appears on the screen."
The Pandemic Special,Scene Description,"Cartman's room. He's in bed, but wakes up refreshed and jumps up. A rod with a small ""6'"" flag sits by the bedroom door"
The Pandemic Special,Cartman,"Wow! [gets up and throws his curtains open] Another day inside, don't have to do a thing. I love you, social distancing. No one's around, no one's talking to me. Social distancing, I'm free! Don't have to brush my teeth or shower. For what? I can sit on the toilet for hours. As long as I want. 'Cause no one's saying to me ""You kids should go outside and do something."" [his phone alarm rings - it's time to log in.] Oh! 9 am. Time for school! [hops off the bed and goes to his computer, then logs into Zoom]"
The Pandemic Special,Mrs. Nelson,"Good morning, guys. Everyone ready to start school? [Cartman's screen fills up windows of his classmates and teacher]"
