1%,Polly Prissypants,"No, I thought of everything! It all happened here so that everyone would think Token did it. All the blame will be on him. And we can live happily ever after."
1%,Cartman,"There's one problem. [walks up to the doll, takes the gun and walks back to where he was] You say I have to grow up, to get rid of all my dolls. You forget one crucial thing, Polly Prissypants. That nobody would possibly blame Token for all this because in today's day and age you can't blame a black person for anything."
1%,Polly Prissypants,Oh no! You're totally right! But I thought my plan was perfect! I failed! I failed you! You have to kill me Eric! So that you don't get blamed!
1%,Cartman,Noho! I've lost every stuffed animal; I won't lose you too!
1%,Polly Prissypants,"It's the only way Eric. You have to do it. Please! I can't live with myself after what I've done. Please, you have to do it Eric."
1%,Cartman,"[sobs for almost a minute, then aims the gun] Goodbye, Polly Prissypants. I love you."
1%,Polly Prissypants,"Say ""hello"" to the sunrise for me. [Cartman cries and looks away as he starts firing at her. First shot is straight through the forehead. He fires twice more as the four boys watch from the second floor, and three more as the Blacks and Ms. Cartman watch from outside. Polly Prissypants has four shots through the head and two more that took out chunks of her cheeks. Cartman cries, having lost the last of his stuffed dolls]"
1%,Stan,"Dude, what the hell?"
1%,Kyle,We told him to grow up. So he got rid of his stuffed animals.
1%,Scene Description,Outside...
1%,Liane,[apologetic] My little Eric can sometimes be a bit... dramatic. [laughs weakly]
1%,Scene Description,"The Red Robin parking lot, day. A worker sweeps up all the debris from the Occupy Red Robin movement"
1%,Field reporter 3,"Occupy Red Robin is over. Class warfare has torn apart the 99% and replaced it with the 30%, the 26%, and even little brackets of 5%s here and there. What does this mean for our country? What does this mean... for me?"
1%,Officer 2,Hey! Get down to State Street! They're occupying Macaroni Grill!
1%,Field reporter 3,Oh hell yeah! I'll occupy me some goat-cheese peppadew peppers! [runs off]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mr. Garrison's class. The bell rings. Mr. Garrison goes to the front of the class. On the chalkboard is written ""Thanksgiving"""
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, let's all take our seats. [most of them are seated; Kyle, Token, Bebe and Stan are the last four to get seated] As you all know, Thanksgiving is only two weeks away. And so the school has arranged for a lecture from a real live Native American."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Butters,"Oh neato, huh fellas?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Guest,"[a stout ""Native American""] Hello boys and girls. My name is David Running Horse... Sawitsky, and I am one sixteenth Cherokee Indian."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,Does that mean we only have to pay one sixteenth attention to you? [Sawitsky crosses his arms and is not all all pleased]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,"There've been a lot of ""stories"" about the first Thanksgiving, and unfortunately they are mostly geared towards making the Pilgrims look good, and my people being degraded as usual. Was Thanksgiving about turkey and peace? Or was it the beginning of the genocide of an entire race?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Butters,[innocently] Thanksgiving is about murder?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, afternoon. The four boys are there. Stan and Kyle are reading books at Kyle's desk, Kenny is reading a couple of books on the floor, and Cartman is... on his back on Kyle's bed eating Cheesy Poofs"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,This is bullcrap! A guest speaker comes to our class and assigns us a report on Thanksgiving?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"Well, it is kinda true, you know? Thanksgiving is fun and all, but the Native Americans got pretty screwed over."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Yeah, and now my video game time is getting screwed over by them."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"[looks over his shoulder angrily] Hey, fatass! Instead of laying in bed eating, why don't you come and help?!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Jesus Kyle, you are really being crampy today."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"We all have to do this report together, dude."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"You guys, we are wasting time. If we have to write a report on Thanksgiving let's just go downstairs and watch TV."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,How is that gonna help?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"[like a doorbell] Dumbass, it's November. [normally] The History Channel is probably playing Thanksgiving specials back to back. We can learn everything we need."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,A TV. The History Channel logo comes up.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Announcer,"You're watching The History Channel, where the truth is history."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,[as re-enactments play in color and in black and white] A lot has been written about the first Thanksgiving between Pilgrims and Native Americans. but what really happened at that first historic dinner?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. The boys are on Cartman's couch watching TV"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Dude, see? I told you. Who needs to read a bunch of stupid books when we've got History Channel?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"[more re-enactments] We know the first Thanksgiving was in the fall of 1621, but new evidence suggests that the first exchanging of food between the Pilgrims and Native Americans may have been visited by aliens! [dramatic flashes of darkness as the alien is shown up close, then a picture of a fetus, and then...]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Duncan Everton,"[Professor of History, Oakmont H.S.] In every journal entry we researched from those early Pilgrims, not one entry mentioned anything about aliens not being there."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"And what about the food? [a juicy baked turkey is shown, then the previous image is shown without the alien] Does the appearance of stuffing at the first Thanksgiving suggest a kind of alien technology? [the alien reappears in the scene, but with two other aliens]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,Uh-huh??
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,What? This isn't history.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"Dude, it is called History Channel."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kenny,(Yeah.)
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Charles Biggens,"[Culinary Associates of America] And if we look in all the journals and aall the history books, there is no reference to stuffing before 1621. So where did it come from? Did it come from space? We just don't know."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"Did ancient aliens shape the first Thanksgiving? Is it mere coincidence that Cape Cod, when viewed from space, looks like an alien life form? [an alien with an erect penis is drawn over the aerial image] What exactly did the Pilgrims experience? [colored lights move around over the ocean's horizon as Pilgrims gather by the beach] How exactly did those beings from another world shape the dinner we celebrate every November? [a tiny UFO hovers near a turkey]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,What??
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Kyle, why are you being so grumpy? Are you on your period again?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,We're not basing research for our report on this crap!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Okay, let's take a vote: Who thinks the possibility of ancient aliens at Thanksgiving makes for an interesting history report? [he and Kenny raise their hands, then Stan raises his]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,[at Stan] Dude!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Okay, and who wants to take a little Pamprin so their menstrual cramps stop bringing everyone down? Kyle? [raises Kyle's hand]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"[sighs] Alright, fine! Let's just get this stupid report over with!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"A mansion, night. A phone rings. The time on the alarm click is 2:14 a.m., and the couple in bed wake up. The man takes the phone"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,[sits up in bed] Yes? A report from where? [sits up on the side of the bed] Does Congress know about this yet? Try to keep it contained and get the helicopters ready. I'll be there as soon as I can. [hangs up and sits back down]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Wife,Darling?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,They found something. This could be it. [makes a fist]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. The school bus stops and the boys get off"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,Did you guys know that when you stop menstruating it's called menopause?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,...What?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Yeah, God takes your period away, and apparently it makes you really irritable? I was thinking maybe that's why Kyle's been so grouchy lately, 'cause he's goin' through menopause."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"Dude, shut your fuckin' mouth!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"See what I mean, you guys? [a black car with tinted windows pulls up at a corner within sight of the boys and the passenger window comes down and the agents inside look at the boys]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 1,[brunet] Is that them?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 2,[blond] That's them.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"An interrogation room, somewhere. The boys are seated and waiting for someone. Three men walk in - the two agents and the man from the mansion. The agents close the door and the man from the mansion goes to the table and takes his seat opposite the boys. He leafs through the boys' report, and the boys look at each other"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,You boys have been very busy... [he closes the report] We need to know everything that you know.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,'bout what?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,Have you been contacted by alien life forms?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 1,Did you come across some kind of ship or something?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"Dude, look, we, we just saw all this stuff on History Channel."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"[silence for a few seconds, then] We are The History Channel. [rises from his chair] For years we've been collecting information on Thanksgiving. We're getting close to the truth. And now you boys have exactly the same information. It can't be coincidence."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,We saw it on your channel.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,What exactly did you seez?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"That... stuffing was never heard of before 1621, so it might be alien technology?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,My God. Would you be willing to say that on camera for an interview?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Butters' house, living room. He's watching a Jonas Brothers video"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Steven,"Alright, Butters, that's enough MTV for one day. You need to watch something that stimulates your brain. I'm putting on History Channel."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Butters,Okay Dad.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Announcer,"You're watching the History Channel, the only network dedicated to history. Coming up next, it's Monster Quest! Larrh! Followed by Hairy Bikers. Errh! But now, back to Part 3 of Ancient Aliens at Thanksgiving."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"It has become a widely accepted fact that Thanksgiving was a meal attended by Pilgrims, Native Americans, and alien beings."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan Marsh,[history expert] Stuffing wasn't mentioned anywhere until 1621? And it might have been... alien technology?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"And while the number of people who accept the alien theory continues to grow, some experts have stepped forward with a wildly different view altogether. Could it be that Pilgrims were actually aliens themselves?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle Broflovski,"[Ph. D., Professor of Thanksgiving - DeVry Institute] Of course you can't prove there were no aliens at the first Thanksgiving! Just like you can't ""prove"" that... the Pilgrims themselves weren't alien! Can you prove that?! Here: draw that Thanksgiving turkey symbol with your hand! Maybe that symbol matches... galaxies in space or something! OooOoOoOooOOO! [moves his hands around]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"[a scene of alien families sharing Thanksgiving on Earth] Could it be that the Pilgrims we've read about all these years actually came from another planet? History experts like Kyle Broflovski say ""yes."""
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,You might as well just say Pilgrims and Indians were all aliens who came here and made some kind of intergalactic treaty!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, living room. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are on the sofa watching the same special Butters is"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"Wow, check it out dude, we're on TV. [smiles]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,How can they make a show out of this? I wasn't even agreeing with them. [a knock is heard at the front door and Kyle goes to answer it]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,What are you doing?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,...Uh oh.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,The first Thanksgiving was a space treaty?! Native Americans are aliens?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,I was just explaining how a negative argument doesn't make a po-
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,Haven't my people been through enough?! [whips out a gun with his left hand and quickly aims at at Kyle] Goddamn you!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,Ack dude! [backs up as Sawitzky walks towards him]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,"The white man is gonna PAY for his lies! [stops in front of Stan and Kenny, keeping his gun aimed at Kyle]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"In the sky, black Army helicopters approach. In one of them, the History Channel and two agents sit"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 2,"Look at this, sir! [hands him a picture] An aerial photograph of Cape Cod where the Pilgrims landed in 1620. [puts his right hand on it and traces a turkey on the photo with it] Five Pilgrim settlements, with Plymouth Rock here. [puts a dot on the location] The same symbols appear everywhere in history. [on a baked turkey, in the night sky...]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 1,"The symbology lines up to mirrored points in space. If Kyle Broflovski is right, then Plymouth Rock is some kind of wormhole."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,Pilgrims and Indians were the aliens! How did we not think of it?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 3,Sometimes it takes the innocence of a child to make us see the most simple things.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 2,True dat.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,True dat.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Plymouth, Massachusetts. day. The monument to Plymouth Rock is shown. The helicopters show up and descend onto the park near the monument. Plymouth Rock itself is shown in the water, unprotected."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,Get all those tourists out of here! We need this place secured!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 4,"[through his bullhorn] Alight people, let's clear out! We need you ALL to disperse! [a woman and her daughter stop to listen] This area is under quarantine. [the woman and daughter leave]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"Give me a piece of chalk. [agent 1 hands it to him. The president quickly traces a turkey on the rock, then backs up.] Huh... Nothing."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 5,Guess Kyle Broflovski was wrong.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"Well, at least we weren't outsmarted by a nine-year-old kid. [they all turn and walk out of the water] We should've known. Pilgrims couldn't be from space."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Space, the final frontier. A Pilgrim shoots through space in a wormhole and hits the planet hard. Electricity crackles through some power lines. A shadow climbs out of the impact crater. It's... a Pilgrim. Nearby, a truck rolls by, driven by Natalie Portman. The Pilgrim runs from the crater and into Portman's path; she rolls over him, then stops."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,The History Channel learns of this and sends its top men out to investigate. Several tents go up at the crash site
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 6,Here. You can see it right there. An object clearly fell from the sky and struck the Earth.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,What is it?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 6,"It's a Pilgrim, sir. [the president is stunned, looks outside, then walks outside with five other men]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"So then, Professor Broflovski was right after all. [the camera pans up into the sky. Another camera travels through space]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"Not long ago, it was an accepted fact that civilizations on Earth shared the universe with beings from other planets. [the camera approaches a rock formation that has golden (literally) ears of corn sticking out of it. The camera then goes around the formation and through a thick cloud layer] These alien beings visited our world, and once, even settled it, from deep within the galaxy Canis Major, and a distant planet called... Plymouth. [the camera pops up and sees a magnificent building from which rise four massive golden ears of corn. An entrance with 14 colossal Pilgrim statues is shown. Inside the cathedral-like building a Pilgrim king, seated on a throne flanked by two huge golden cornucopias overflowing with gold and jewels, speaks to a huge crowd]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,Fellow Pilgrims! The great Captain hath gone missing and thine enemies have attacked our stuffing mines! We must prepare for war with the Indians!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Another planet, named Indi. The Indian chief there speaks to his people"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,"Now it is OUR time! We shall attack Plymouth, and we will take... ALL THEIR STUFFING! [the Indians cheer]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Liane is at the kitchen cutting up construction paper. Cartman runs through the dining room, then returns and enters the kitchen"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Non! Mom, did you already get stuffing for Thanksgiving dinner?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Liane,What hon?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,Tell me you've already got everything we need for Thanksgiving!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Liane,"Uhoh, Thanksgiving's still a couple of weeks away, sweetie. I haven't gone shoppies yet."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,Oh no. Oh NO!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Liane,"What is it, hon?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Clyde Donovan said that he saw on the news there's gonna be a massive stuffing shortage! Get your coat on, Mom! We've gotta go to the store! [turns around and leaves the kitchen]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"The supermarket, day. A woman is taking her groceries to her car. Cartman runs into the the chapping cart and knocks it over, spilling the woman's groceries. Cartman then turns and runs into the store. Liane folows him in. Cartman finds a worker"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,You guys have stuffing?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Attendant 1,Stuffing? Sure. Aisle 17.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Oh... We're not too late. Mother, come! [Liane takes a shopping cart and follows Cartman to the right aisle. Cartman looks for the stuffing, but doesn't fine any. The attendant walks by] Hey! Where is it!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Attendant 1,"It's right there, right on the uh... [sees that the stuffing shelf is empty] wait, that can't be right. Hey, hey Chet. What happened to all the stuffing?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Chet,"[walks up] What are you talking about? [sees that there is no stuffing, and his jaw drops a bit]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Attendant 1,"We got more in the back, right?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Chet,"I just did inventory in the back, it... it was all put out here!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Attendant 1,You mean it's two weeks until Thanksgiving and we're completely out of stuffing?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Chet,Oh no!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,No!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Chet,No!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,NOOOO!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Planet Plymouth, day. An Indian delegation and a Pilgrim delegation meet up"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,"You dare come to Plymouth, ambassador?! After attacking our stuffing mines?!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,The stuffing mines were never yours!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,"Wihtout control of the mines we cannot supply stuffing to the mortals, ambassador! This will be war!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,You are in no position to declare war! Your lead commander is nowhere to be found!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,And how knoweth you that?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,Word travels fast in our sector.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,"I do not give free bowls of stuffing, what sayest you?! We will take back control of the stuffing mines! [turns and leaves with his men]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,Then the Thanksgiving treaty will be off! [turns and leaves with his men]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,"And I pray to stuffing that you are wrong. [looks up to the sky as his men move on without him] Where are you, Miles Standish?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Kyle's living room, later. Sawitzky is still lecturing the boys on Native American history"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitzky,"And furthermore, everything Kyle Broflovski said about Native Americans being from outer space was untrue! Native Americans were brutalized, and David Sawitzky's ancestors deserve an apology! It was wrong to mix aliens and real history!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"I don't know, dude. Have you seen that stuff about the pyramids and the link to Mars?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"[through gritted teeth] Dude, there's a guy with a gun here!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,I'm just saying there's lots of symbols and signs out there that show aliens and history are pretty linked.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kenny,"(Yeah, that's true.)"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,Would you guys stop?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,Just keep writing your apology! [paces. The front door opens and Miles Standish jumps in dramatically]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"How now, Indian?! Why hast thy race sent me here to Earth?!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitsky,[surprised] Huh? [Miles runs at him and throws him up against a wall] Ack.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,Dude!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"You Indians took me to thy planet, and then cast me here! Why?! [punches Sawitzky twice. Sawitzky falls to the floor and Miles begins kicking him in the balls]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kenny,"(Go, dude!)"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"Yeah, go on dude!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"[turns Sawitzky over and picks him up] Hast thy race attacked our stuffing mines and sent me here to die?! Tell me, Indian!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Sawitzky,I I uh I'm only one sixteenth.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"Hold your lying tongue! [puts a glowing ball into Sawitzky's mouth] This shall prove if thou art Indian or not! [Sawitzky begins to tremble and moan, then he's surrounded by a purple light and consumed] Ah, he was not."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,I didn't think so.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"[walks up to Kyle and genuflects] I have been told of your expertise, Kyle of DeVry Institute. I need your wisdom to get back to my planet."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, outside. Miles, Kyle, Stan, and Kenny go to a waiting truck"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,Into the wheeled chariot that strucketh me! [the boys get in] We must make haste to Cape Cod! [then he does]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,[looking at the driver] Who's this?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,This is Natalie.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,Hi guys.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Cape Cod, night. THC continues camping out there."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 7,"Alright, sir. We got some more information on the Pilgrim who crashed to Earth. Thirty seconds after impact the Pilgrim was hit by a truck and then put into the back seat."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,Who did the truck belong to?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 6,"We believe it belonged to Natalie Portman, sir."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,The actress? That doesn't make sense.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 8,It gets worse. All over the country people are reporting a shortage of stuffing. We don't think it's coincidence.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"You're telling me that somehow during a stuffing shortage, this ""Pilgrim"" dropped down from space and got into a truck driven by Natalie Portman?!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 9,"Look, if anyone knows about stuffing, it's Natalie Portman!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"[walking forward, filling the screen] We have to find Professor Broflovski. He was right about all of this. He'll know what to do."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"A campsite for the night. Kyle sits alone by the campfire, and the trailer-truck is behind him. Inside the trailer, Miles talks to the others"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,We shall make camp here for the night. On the morrow perhaps we can reach Cape Cod. And Thanksgiving may yet be saved. [looks outside and sees Kyle] What is wrong with Kyle of DeVry Institute?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"Aw, I think he's just kind of pissed off he was wrong about the whole ancient alien thing."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"[studying Kyle some more] He seems almost like a Puritan lady whose period hath stopped. [moments later, he goes outside to talk to Kyle] I fear, Kyle, that you still do not know whose side to be on."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"No, ah I don't."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"It must have been very difficult for you, being the one on your planet with his wild theories that Pilgrims and Indians were not of this world."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,I actually only just said that sarcastically.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"HA! Ha ha ha ha ha ha! [pats him on the left shoulder a few times] Then you are only just a remarkably gifted child! [puts his right hand over Kyle's left hand, then withdraws it to pull out a map] Here, let me show you. Your planet is one of the five. [points to the others] Plymouth, Indi, Colthenheim, and this planet over here nobody really cares about. [spreads his right hand over the map so each fingertip touches a planet, then traces the hand with a pencil] The five are connected by a series of wormholes. [the trace is finished] My people came to your world, and so did our enemies. But we made a treaty, and for 300 years our people have not fought. But now, the treaty is over."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"But I always read that Native Americans were here, and that Pilgrims and other settlers kind of took their lands from them."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"You can't believe what everyone tells you, Kyle. You have to open your eyes. [stands up and puts down his map on his seat. Natalie, Stan, and Kenny look on from the trailer] Soon your wisdom will open the wormhole back to Plymouth, and the stuffing mines can again be ours, for he who controls the stuffing, controls the universe. [all of a sudden, a night sun focuses on him and a helicopter is heard]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,A pilot,"Hold it right there! [five black cars pull up quickly and surround Miles and Kyle. Natalie, Stan and Kyle leave the trailer]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 10,We found Professor Broflovski! He is with the Pilgrim! [the agents close in on Miles and he unsheathes his sword]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"Stay back, all of you! For I will get to Cape Cod and cannot be stopped! Come boys! Let us fight to the death!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"[rushes into the middle] Wait! Stop, stop! Please, Mr. Standish, we are all on the same side here. We know why there's a stuffing shortage. We've been trying to get the wormhole open."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"I trust none but them! [points to the party he came with - Natalie, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny] Indians hath betrayed us! I must return to Plymouth so my king can know the truth! [hurries away]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,PLEASE! [stops him] We're the History Channel. We care as much about the truth as you do.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,Then get us to Cape Cod as soon as possible!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,Planet Plymouth. The king of Plymouth sits on his throne looking board
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim,"[shot through with several arrows] My Lord! My Lord, the battle is lost! We have tried to stop the Indians on their home planet, but yea they are too strong!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,Then our last chance for survival is gone?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim,I'm sorry my Lord. All Pilgrim forces sent to the Indians' planet have been wiped out.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim King,And so soon the Indians will be here. Sound the corn horn! We must abandon Plymouth!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,The Indians and Pilgrims do battle on Indi
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,The stuffing mines are ours! [some Indians celebrate at the mines]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Cape Cod, day. A wooden pathway has been built to Plymouth Rock and surrounds it. Miles uses a blown up version of his map to show the History Channel what's going on."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"Earth is connected to Plymouth by this wormhole here. Once I get back I will assemble my people to attack Indi, and gain control of the stuffing mines. If all goes as planned, you will all have stuffing in time for Thanksgiving."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"But Mr. Standish, I'm afraid it's not that simple. We... tried to get the wormhole open with this symbol and it didn't work."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"Ah ha ha ha! Of course not! You have the correct symbol, but you are missing the keeper of the portal."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 11,The keeper of the... of course! Natalie Portman!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,We were wondering what she had to do with all this! Natalie Portman controls the wormhole!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Agent 12,"Our window of opportunity is closing, sir! The wormhole has to be opened now!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"Alright Ms. Portman, we need you to open your wormhole."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"[rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the left, then to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmmmmm. No."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"Please, Ms. Portman, you've got to open your wormhole right now!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"[rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmm. [then to the right] Uh uh."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,Curses and cranberries! I must get to Plymouth now! Do as they say!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"[rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the left, then to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmmmmm. No."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"There has to be a way to get the portal open! Where's our expert?! [everyone moves aside to reveal Kyle] What do we do, Professor Broflovski?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,I'm not a professor.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,The History Channel said you were!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,You are the fucking History Channel!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"[walks up to Kyle and genuflects] Please, Kyle of DeVry Institute. There is no more time for squabbles. The universe is at stake!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,[walks up to Kyle and genuflects] You knew everything else. You somehow knew about all of this. You knew it... here. [points to Kyle's heart.] You must know... how to get Natalie Portman to open her wormhole.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"A local restaurant nearby. Nice, upscale, with a string trio playing during dinner. Kyle is in his suit, Natalie is in a different dress"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"So, do you uh, do you have any brothers or sisters, Natalie?"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"I had a lot of really close friends growing up, but not any brothers and sisters; I was an only child."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"[having trouble with small talk] Wow, awesome. Um..."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"I have dual citizenship in the United States and Israel. [a waiter with a bottle of wine walks by and Kyle snaps his fingers twice, then indicates to the waiter that Natalie should get some more wine. The waiter serves it] Oh thanks."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"Um... so... [behind him, everyone involved in the portal matter is watching them] So dual citizenship, wow, uh... You know that I, I never knew anyone that had that."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"Well, I went to Harvard while I was acting. I got a BA. But I did classes at the University of Jerusalem too."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,Cool. Cool... You wanna order some dessert?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Cape Cod, night. Kyle and Natalie walk down to Plymouth Rock"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"Thanks, that was a lot of fun."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"Yeah, it was cool, thanks. [looks over his shoulder. Miles motions at him to continue] Um, so... Is there any way you'd"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,What?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"You know, could youuu..."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,What?
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,Would you please just open your wormhole?!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"[rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the right, then to the left] Oh. [moves her torso to the right, then to the left] Mmmm... [moves her torso to the right] no."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,[sighs in exasperation] Errh!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,"[rolls her eyes and moves her torso to the left, then to the right, then to the left] Mmmmmmmmmm. Okay."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,Yes!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,THC President,"Alright, let's go, folks! [he and several other men go towards Plymouth Rock]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Natalie,Just for a sec though. [turns around and joins them]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"Thank you, Kyle of DeVry Institute. Now the Indians can be stopped and Thanksgiving will be saved!"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"Yeeah, you're welcome. I'm sorry I doubted you. And guys, I'm I'm sorry I acted like a know-it-all. [behind the rock, Natalie's legs go up in the air]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"It's cool dude, we understand."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,I guess we should all realize... [the portal is activated] that history and alien technology really do go hand in hand. [the portal shoots out into space towards planet Plymouth]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,"[rises with his sword unsheathed] Now make way, children! For I have a war to fight! [runs towards the rock, jumps on it, and into the portal stream] For stuffing!! [goes towards planet Plymouth]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,The stuffing mines. The battle continues
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Indian Chief,Take ALL their stuffing!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Pilgrim,"The treaty ends now! [the Indians retreat as flying galleons sweep over the stuffing mines with powerful rays, destroying any Indians along the way]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"With the wormhole once again open, Miles Standish was finally able to command a Pilgrim army."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Miles,Now attack their left flank! Good! They're retreating! Hit them with the anti-Indian device! [A destroyer walks in and obliterates all the Indians with its powerful beams]
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"The Pilgrims fought off the Indians, making stuffing once again available on all our Thanksgiving tables."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Scene Description,"Cartman's living room. The four boys are watching The History Channel once again, Stan and Kenny are watching the TV, Cartman is eating Cheesy Poofs, and Kyle looks on in annoyance."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Random Voices,Yea. Stuffing mines. Yea.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,And now you know the true story behind Thanksgiving.
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Stan,"Wow, there's a lot about Thanksgiving I never knew before."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,"Yeah, History Channel rules."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,But was the first Thanksgiving really just about Pilgrims and Indians from space? Or was there something more? Shocking new evidence suggests that the first Thanksgiving might also have been... [an image of a woman appears against a wall] haunted!
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Donald T. Brown,"[Ph. D., University of Phoenix] There is certainly no evidence that the first Thanksgiving dinner was not haunted."
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Narrator,"The Pilgrims welcomed the Indians, but did they also unknowingly welcome spirits from beyond the grave? [ghostly figures appear here and there.]"
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Cartman,[curious] Ohhh??
A History Channel Thanksgiving,Kyle,"[throws up his arms in exasperation] Oh, come on!!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The McCormick house, living room. Stuart and Kevin are fighting as Carol tries to stop them while holding Karen on one arm. Kenny's on the sofa watching TV, ignoring all the drama around him."
The Poor Kid,Stuart,"You think you're man enough to fight me, you little shit?!"
The Poor Kid,Kevin,"Yes, 'cause you're a drunk piece of shit, Dad!"
The Poor Kid,Carol,You're both drunk pieces of shit! Both of you sit the fuck down!
The Poor Kid,Kevin,Shut up!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Kenny's watching a show that will have an unexpected twist. Right in front of the TV is an empty can of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer. Random images of white trash culture pop up. The first one is a trailer with an awning
The Poor Kid,Announcer,They're noisy.
The Poor Kid,Man 1,"Fuck you, bitch! [runs out of the trailer]"
The Poor Kid,Woman 1,[throws an unlabeled crumpled empty bottle at him] You son of a bitch! [the man turns around and walks back to the trailer to hit her]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,next is a backyard fight between two women. A blonde is holding a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer
The Poor Kid,Announcer,They're nasty.
The Poor Kid,Woman 2,"[redhead, to a blonde] You done spilled that on my titties, skank! [shoves her off her feet, taking the beer the blonde was holding and finishing it off]"
The Poor Kid,Woman 3,Oww...
The Poor Kid,Announcer,"They're white trash. And when you give them a little Pabst Blue Ribbon [an image of the beer bottle fills the screen], they can't help getting arrested. [Kevin picks up a block and throws it at Stuart, hitting him on the forehead. Onscreen, police break up a fight among several men] Tonight, on an all-new... White Trash... In Trouble!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"A narrator appears on screen, wearing a beige overcoat, standing in a graffiti-riddled set"
The Poor Kid,Narrator,Pabst Blue Ribbon and white trash. It's a deadly combination that can lead to prison time and children being taken away from their home. This white trash home in Colorado seems innocent enough. [The McCormick home is shown]
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"[sits up upon recognizing the house] (Hmmm. What the fuck?) [goes to see what's going on. Stuart and Kevin continue to fight, and Carol tries to intervene, only to have Stuart slap her.]"
The Poor Kid,Narrator,"But the children in this home live in a world of neglect. There's no heating, no groceries, [a spotlight pans around the back yard] and if you look closely in the backyard, you can even make out what appears to be a meth lab. [a red arrow points to a small shed against the house which does indeed have a meth lab in it. Kenny looks out a window next to the back door.]"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"[runs back to warn his parents] (Mom, the cops are here! Mom, Dad, the cops are here!) [Kevin has gotten on Stuart's back and is choking him. At the front door, police make use of a battering ram to get into the house. They all rush in and surround the family]"
The Poor Kid,Cops,"Down on the ground! Move it! Let's go! Move move! Get down, now! [The parents get on their knees and put their hands behind their heads. Ten officers end up in the living room with guns drawn. There are twice as many officers outside.]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The McCormick house, outside, night. The parents have been arrested and are escorted out by police. The kids walk out freely"
The Poor Kid,Carol,No! Muh babies! Don't take my babies!
The Poor Kid,Stuart,[taken to one car] You're hurting my arm!
The Poor Kid,Carol,[taken to another] My babies!
The Poor Kid,Stuart,You're hurting me!
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"You have the right to remain silent. Now please look at the camera and say ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."""
The Poor Kid,Stuart,"I'm white trash and I'm in trouble. [""IN TROUBLE"" is stamped on the screen right away. This happens after every admission of ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble.""]"
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"Alright, good. Now get in the car! [Stuart gets in. A crowd gathers to view this scene]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[filming with his phone] Oh wow, poor people being arrested. What a rare occurrence. [chuckles and waves with his left hand] Hi, Kenny! Kenny, wave! [to his phone] That's Kenny, about to be sent to a foster home. Pretty funny."
The Poor Kid,Officer 2,"Just have a seat in there, kids. [puts the kids into the back seat]"
The Poor Kid,Kevin,"[still drunk, but mocking] Just have a seat in there, kids. [the cop closes the door]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, later."
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"The mother and father will probably be released from jail on Monday, but I guess the kids are gonna be taken away for good. Child Protective Services is about to talk to them in the soft room."
The Poor Kid,Officer 3,The soft room?
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"You know, the room we have set aside for kids to feel safe in."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The soft room. It's a room with large pictures of friendly-faced clowns on all four walls. Against the walls are toys and games for small kids to enjoy as they wait. The McCormick kids sit on a sofa, looking around the room scared at the clown pictures. The door opens and a heavy-set man walks in."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Hi kids, how you doin'? My name's Mr. Adams and I just need to get some info from you. Does that sound okay?"
The Poor Kid,Karen,"[scared, sniffling, she holds on to Kenny] Can I see my mommy?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"No, sorry. Now, [opens a folder] I've been looking over your file and I see you kids have all been horribly physically and emotionally abused. [the kids look at him in astonishment] Oh whoops, that isn't your case file, it's the Penn State University Gazette. [laughs] I'm joking, that's just a joke, we like to have fun here. [closes the folder and shows it to the kids] It is your case file. I was just all like ""it's the Penn State Gazette"" to be like a joke, we have fun. Now listen, you're gonna be put into a foster home, so I need to know... would you like to go to Neverland Ranch, a Catholic church, or Penn State University? [laughs at his own joke] We're havin' fun here, aren't we? I just, I come up with these and the guys, it's good to laugh. [goes to the door and yells into the hall] I just asked them if they wanted to go to Neverland, a Catholic church, or Penn State. [closes the door and returns to his chair] I'm a trickster. People say I'm really meant for comedy. Here's my head shot just in case you know anybody. [shows his picture, then hands out copies to the kids] Can't hurt, right? Okay, now, are we all startin' to feel a little bit better? [Karen cries] Oh come on now, how about that smile? I'm gonna GET [holds out his right palm] you to smile! I'm gonna GET [holds out his right palm again] you to smile! [silence] A Penn State administrator walks into a bar. Where's that smile? How about this one? Joe Paterno doesn't walk into a police station. Come on, that's a good one."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallway. Stan walks over to Kyle"
The Poor Kid,Stan,Did you hear anything more about what happened?
The Poor Kid,Kyle,"Dude, I don't think Kenny's coming back. My dad said those Child Protective Services people are pretty serious."
The Poor Kid,Stan,We can't let Kenny be sent away forever. There's gotta be something we can do.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[runs up to the other two with a memo pad] Guys! Guys! I've been workin' on it, and I think I have some answers."
The Poor Kid,Stan,Really?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Yeah. I've gone through every student in the school, and I'm pretty sure now that Kenny's gone, the poor kid is Craig!"
The Poor Kid,Kyle,That's what you care about?! Who's the poorest kid in school now?!
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Pretty much went through everybody. Craig's got the mo- [noticing Craig coming into view] sh, sh sh sh sh. Here he comes, here he comes. [as Craig passes by] Heya, Craig, your uh... your family get you that jacket at Walmart or Kmart? [stifles a laugh]"
The Poor Kid,Craig,What are you talking about?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Nothing dude, it's cool, it's cool. I mean, we would tell your parents to shop at nicer places, but... your mom is so poor she can't even pay attention. [stifles a laugh]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"A rundown two-story house somewhere, day. Two police officers arrive with the McCormick kids at their new home, A man answers the door as his wife stands some distance away from it."
The Poor Kid,Officer 2,"Mr. and Mrs. Weatherhead, we have the new foster kids for your care. [the kids enter]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Very good, we'll take them from here. Children, enter. [the kids walk in further, the cops leave, Mr. Weatherhead closes the door, and Mrs. Weatherhead's face gets stern] Welcome to your new home. Before we show you around let's get one thing clear: this is a very strict religious household! As long as you live here you will be agnostic! [leads the children to a group of nine other kids] These are your foster brothers and sisters! They are all strict agnostics! David, do you believe in God?!"
The Poor Kid,David,[blond boy with glasses] I don't know...
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Right! There are two bedrooms upstairs! Boys' room and girls' room! Your chores are listed on their respective doors! Follow! [guides them into the kitchen] You will eat only at designated meal times! Beverages you may take from the refrigerator as you like! However, in this house you will drink only agnostic beverages! [opens the refrigerator door to reveal the contents] Dr Pep-er, and Diet Dr Pep-er! [takes out a can and shows it to the kids] Because what flavor is it?! It is neither root beer nor cola! Nobody is sure what flavor it is, and nobody can be sure! Isn't that right, Melissa?!"
The Poor Kid,Melissa,[ginger girl] I don't know.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,Good!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Computer Lab, day. Butters is doing research for Cartman as Cartman watches."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"This is awesome, Butters! You really think you got something?!"
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Yep. To find out who the poorest kid is, I actually was able to see which kids in school got those coupons they hand out for school lunch."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Eh yeah?
The Poor Kid,Butters,So then I cross-referenced all the kids who were on half-priced lunches with the tax records of people in town to see which kids' parents actually made the least amount of money last year.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[laughs] Heh heh, yeah?"
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Well actually, Eric, it's you. [Cartman keeps his smile for a few seconds more, then frowns.]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,What?
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Now that Kenny's gone, [points to Cartman] your household actually has the lowest income. [Cartman is stunned, then dejected. Butters consoles him] I'm sorry, pal."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[hops off his chair and moves off a bit, then gets a panicked look] Oh my God... If we found this out it's only a matter of time before everybody else does."
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Uh, I won't tell anybody."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[turns around and glares at Butters] Oh come on! We're not the only ones who wanted to look into this! You think, you think Kyle isn't on the computer right now tryin' to see who the poorest kid in school is?! Oh he is gonna have such a field day, that heartless Jew! [makes a fist, then crosses his arms] Well I won't give him the satisfaction!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Bill and Red are chatting, Lola talks to Bebe. As the kids mill around, Cartman comes around the corner and moves from person to person as he speaks."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Alright, let's hear it for Kyle! [claps] He's so funny, isn't he guys?! With all his jokes about Cartman being poor. You guys hear how poor Cartman's mom is?! His mom is so poor the ducks throw bread at her! Hahaha! Yeah, that's super funny, guys! [Stan and Kyle turn from their lockers to look at him] Laugh it up, everyone! [ends up by Stan and Kyle] Cartman's mom is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers! HA! I beat you to it, Kyel!"
The Poor Kid,Kyle,"[slowly so that there's no mistake] My name. Is not. ""Kyel""."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,That's kewl! Whatever Kyel! Must be nice having everything you want! [runs away]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Cartman residence, the same day. Liane enters the living room with groceries and sees her son on the armchair."
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Hi, sweetie."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[sighs] Sit down Mom, we need to have a talk."
The Poor Kid,Liane,"[sets the groceries on the floor] Oh, what is it this time? [sits down on the sofa]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Mom, how are you going to start bringing more money into this household?"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"What, hon?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"You have to start doing more, Mom! What are you doing with your time?!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Eric, I'm working two jobs. Mommy's doing everything she can."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Yeah, see, the problem, Mom, is that with Kenny gone I'm now the poorest kid in skewl!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Well, we're in a tough economy, Eric. I don't know what else you want me to do about it."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[trying to get this straight] We're in a tough economy. You don't know what else I want you to do about it. Life isn't handed to you, Mom! You can't just sit on your ass and expect some money to appear!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Eric, we aren't that much poorer than most people."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Not much huh?! My mom is so poor, when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,Oh. [laughs]
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"IT'S NOT FUNNY, MOM!! [runs off]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Cartman is on his bed crying"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,My mom is so poor she waves around a Popsicle and calls it air conditioning. I wish I could be put in a kewl foster home like Kenny's familyyy.
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Weatherhead house, night. There are cows everywhere and no pavement on the sidewalk or path to the house. In the girls' room there are six girls, and one of them is crying while the others sleep. It's Karen. A shadow comes over her and she stops crying when she notices. She gets on her knees in bed"
The Poor Kid,Karen,"Huh? [calms down] Oh, it's you. [smiles. In the window is Mysterion!] I was wondering when you'd appear. You always come when I'm sad."
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"You are going to be okay, Karen! You have to keep believing that!"
The Poor Kid,Karen,Why did my mommy and daddy go to jail?
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"[thinks a moment] Sometimes, people do stupid things. Sometimes they don't realize what should have come first. Until it's too late."
The Poor Kid,Karen,But I'm all alone now.
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"You are not alone. No matter where you go, no matter what you do, I will always be here! Do you understand?"
The Poor Kid,Karen,"I'll try, guardian angel."
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"Don't try, Karen. Do. [the bedroom light comes on]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"What in the name of nobody knows are you doing, Karen?! [she looks back at him, then at the window. Mysterion is gone. Mr. Weatherhead goes to the window and looks out to see what Karen was looking at. Failing to see him, he closes the windows and keeps vigil for a bit]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. A phone rings and one of the officers answers it.
The Poor Kid,Officer 4,"Police man. [starts taking notes] Yes. Yes. Alright, thanks for the tip. We'll check it out. [hangs up] Better call the lieutenant. Looks like we've got another meth lab in town."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. The front yard is full of police, and a few of them are inside, as seen through the open front door. Liane is being arrested and nearby are two suitcases"
The Poor Kid,Officer 5,Got any needles on you? Any crack pipes?
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Oh, oh, my goodness no. I haven't used drugs in quite a while."
The Poor Kid,Officer 5,Then why is there a meth lab in your backyard?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[comes down the stairs in a Hawaiian shirt] What is going on here? Mom, what have you done? Were things so bad for you financially you had to turn to a life of crime?! My mom is so poor she uses Cheerios for earrings. Well... guess I'm off to a foster home then. [walks over to the suitcases and grabs the handles] Hawaii is my first choice. Something not exactly on the beach but maybe just a short walk away? [turns left and begins to walk out] It's gonna take me years to recover from being torn from my mother's arms. Only the ocean breezes and coconut trees can help me now."
The Poor Kid,Officer 5,"When will you people learn to lay off the Pabst Blue Ribbon? Now look at the camera and say ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."""
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Oh. Ah, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day, the soft room. Cartman sits there waiting for Mr. Adams, who soon enters."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Hi there, how you doin'? My name's Mr. Adams, and I'm with Child Protective Services. [sits down, but just as quickly gets up] Here's my head shot. [gives Cartman a picture of himself] I just need to get some information from you if that's okay."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[sets the picture aside] Yeah, yeah."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Okay, now it says here your mother was operating a meth lab."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,That's right.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"And it also says here that Penn State prefers to be losing at halftime? Because at Penn State they like when you're a little behind in the locker room. That's a joke. Did you get that one? It's a play on words, we like to have fun here."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Wha'? Dude, do you think this is funny?!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"We just - no, we just like to have fun here."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Well I'll tell you somethin'! Being from a low-income household isn't funny! Oh heell no, my momma's so poor she opened a Gmail account just so she could eat the spam! [Mr. Adams doesn't look too happy]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"What? What, is that supposed to be some kind of joke? You think you're funny?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,A joke?! You think being poor is a joke?!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,Could be worse.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,How?!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Could be in Happy Valley! On a scale from 1 to 10, how old should you be to stay away from Penn State?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Dude, my momma's so poor when she gets mad she can't afford to fly off the handle so she's gotta go Greyhound off the handle!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,[sighs] Two Penn State administrators walk into a butt-!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"On the road, day. Two police officers drive Cartman towards his new foster home"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Jesus, this is a long drive. Are we in Hawaii yet?"
The Poor Kid,Officer 6,Hawaii?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Yeah, that's where I requested to be sent."
The Poor Kid,Officer 7,"Your foster home is here, pretty much the exact opposite of Hawaii."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"What?? [looks out the window. A sign on the side of the road says ""Welcome to Greeley, 'The Exact Opposite of Hawaii"" Please drive safely"" A crow stands on top of the sign] Greeley?"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Weatherhead residence, same day. The kids are mopping, dusting, sweeping, or scrubbing the dining room area. Kenny is scrubbing the floor while Karen sweeps up nearby with a push broom. One boy is vacuuming the throw rug in the living room. Mr. Weatherhead walks by"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Come on now! This is not the way we've told you to tidy up! Remember? Cleanliness is next to godliness, so make it kind of clean but not too much! Amanda! More ambiguous on the dusting! [there's a knock on the door] Kenneth, answer the door! [Kenny gets up and walks to the front door, opens it, and allows Cartman in and closes the door]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"What the? Dude, this is like poorer than my old house!"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(What the fuck are you doing here?!)
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"Hello Eric, your room is upstairs on the left. Are you hungry?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,You're my new mom?
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,You can call me Mom if you like.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Alright Mom, how much money do you make? Like gross yearly income after taxes?"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Upstairs. The boys' room is opened and Mr. Weatherhead shows Cartman in.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"This is where you'll sleep with your foster brothers. You will be clean, polite, and most importantly, you WILL follow the agnostic code: We cannot know with certainty if God or Christ exists. They COULD. Then again there COULD be a giant reptilian bird in charge of everything. Can we be CERTAIN there isn't? NO, so it's pointless to talk about. Now say it with me."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Goddamn, I've gotta sleep in a room with six other people?! How poor are we?!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"HEY! We do not take the Lord's name in vain in this house, just in case there is one! Do you understand, or do you need the punishment room?!"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Oh heell naw! [yells into the hallway] Mom! Dad's being mean to me! Mem! MEEM! [Mrs. Weatherhead walks in]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,My name. Is not. Meom!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Greeley Elementary, day. There are cows all over the campus and the building is even plainer than South Park Elementary's. Inside, Cartman walks with Kenny and Karen down the hallway"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Oh God, I'm so nervous. These kids all seem kind of mean."
The Poor Kid,Karen,"I'll see you at recess, right?"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"(I'll be there, Karen.) [Karen walks into her classroom]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"You've already been here awhile, Kenny, so you have to introduce me to your friends, okay? And make sure they know I'm kewl. You've gotta have my back, Kenny! [Kenny walks up to a group of his new friends]"
The Poor Kid,Boy 1,"[with thick wavy hair] Oh hey, Kenny. Who's this?"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(This is Eric Cartman.)
The Poor Kid,Boy 2,[the tall one] Does he live with you at the foster home?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[moves past Kenny] Okay, alright, so listen: I know our family is poor, okay?! But before we lived there, Kenny was actually poorer than me! So technically, he's the poorest kid at this school!"
The Poor Kid,Boy 1,"What are you talking about? The poor kid in this school is Jacob Hallery. [Hallery is shown seated on some steps, looking unkempt and eating moldy bread]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Really?
The Poor Kid,Boy 2,"Yeah, dude. His dad died five years ago and his mom went crazy from depression, so she can't even keep a job."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[jumps for joy] YES! Yeheah, did you hear that Kenny?? We're good! I seriously thought we didn't stand a chance, but now... everything's gonna be okay! Cause I'm not (I'm not) the poor kid at school! [runs up to Jacob] Let's hear it for Jacob Hallery, guys! His mom is so poor she cuts coupons out to be institutionalized! Greeley Colorado's the place to be! It's a whole new beginning for you and me! Life can only get better 'cause I know one simple ruuule! I'm not (he's not) the poor kid at school!"
The Poor Kid,Boy 1,Did he do stuff like this at your old school?
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(Uh huh.)
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Let's put our hands up, everyone! 'Cept for Jacob. His mom is so poor she only understands hand-OUTS. [laughs even harder]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The principal's office, later. Cartman is facing the principal now."
The Poor Kid,Principal,"Eric, at Greeley Elementary we do not tolerate students making fun of other students."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I wasn't making fun of anybody.
The Poor Kid,Principal,"[reading from a report about the incident] A twenty-minute song and dance number with forty seven ""Yo momma so poor"" jokes directed at Jacob Hallery, which ended in a finale with fireworks."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I was just teasing.
The Poor Kid,Principal,"Your case worker has been notified, and he is not happy."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"My case worker? [looks over his shoulder and sees Mr. Adams walk in] Oh, not this guy!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adam,"I know this is a difficult adjustment for you, Eric! But you can't just turn all your frustrations on a little kid who can't defend himself! I mean, what do you think this is?! The shower room at Penn State?! I'm kidding. We like to have fun in our department, so I was like, I was like, ""What? Is this like the shower room at Penn State?!"" I joke around. This is my head shot. [hands the principal a picture of himself]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Will you stop with the Penn State jokes?! All you're doing is taking something topical and revamping old Catholic jokes!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"[a few seconds of silence] Oh! Oh, and ""your momma"" jokes are better?! They've been around since the '50s!"
The Poor Kid,Principal,"[exasperated, he pounds both fists on the desk] What the hell does this have to do with anything?!"
The Poor Kid,Girl 1,"Principal, you've gotta send help to the playground! They're about to beat up that new kid!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,The playground outside. Karen has been singled out and the other kids close in on her.
The Poor Kid,Jessica,"Aww, look at the new kid and her wittle dolly. You gonna cry some more in class, wimp?!"
The Poor Kid,Boy 3,L-leave her alone.
The Poor Kid,Jessica,Shut up! You foster twerps are all the same! Come on! Hand over the doll! [from on high Mysterion drops down in front of Karen] Who the hell is this?!
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,How about you find another little girl to pick on?
The Poor Kid,Jessica,"Mind your business, Peter Pan! [Mysterion kicks her in the stomach, then gives her a flying punch across the face which leads to a black eye, and punches her again, leading to her falling on her face]"
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,[pulling Jessica's head up by her hair] Karen McCormick is off limits! Do you understand?! Make sure everybody in this school knows! [drops some Chinese fireworks as a distraction while he takes Karen up to the roof.]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Weatherhead house, night. The family is at table. Mr. Weatherhead leads grace as Mrs. Weatherhead serves dinner individually."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"And if this food comes as a gift from some divine intelligence, we understand that an intelligent being cannot blame us for questioning its existence. Nobody knows, nobody can know if any deity is watching over us. Amen."
The Poor Kid,Boy 4,Except for Karen's guardian angel.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What?
The Poor Kid,Melissa,"Where did he take you after he saved you, Karen?"
The Poor Kid,Karen,He just took me back to my classroom. Then he disappeared like always.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,[pounds the table] What have we told you about making up angel stories?!
The Poor Kid,Girl 3,But we SAW him. He leaped down from the sky.
The Poor Kid,David,And he kicked the crap out of Jessica Pinkerton. [the other kids begin to chime in]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"[moving quickly to the head of the table] Stop it, children! We do not speak such certainties in this house!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Get down to the basement, all of you! It's time for the Punishment Room! [Kenny gets angry]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The basement, also known as the Punishment Room, later. David is now tied up and dangling from one of the beams. Mrs. Weatherhead douses him with a torrent of Dr Pep-er. The Weatherheads have kegs of it down there."
The Poor Kid,David,AAAAAAAH!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Now, did you see an angel?!"
The Poor Kid,David,"No, I - no - I didn't see an angel."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"No, you can't be certain of that! You might've seen one! [to his wife] Hit him with the Dr Pep-er again. [the wife lets loose the drink once again, then stops] Are there such things as angels?!"
The Poor Kid,David,Maybe.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,Good! [the wife lets loose the drink once again]
The Poor Kid,Karen,"What do we do, Kenny? [Kenny isn't there] Kenny?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What is the meaning of life?!
The Poor Kid,David,It's impossible to knoooow!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"That's right! [a knock is soon heard, and it's persistent]"
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,Who could that be? [the adults go upstairs and to the front door to answer it]
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Mr. and Mrs. Weatherhead, I received some disturbing news that all you're providing the foster children here to drink is soda?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Haha, I told on you Mom and Dad!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What business is that of yours?!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,It's my business because Child Protective Services is accountable for these kids! [he now talks more calmly] Have I given you my head shot?
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"Yes, yes, we have that."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Okay now, are you only giving these kids Dr Pepper to drink?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"If we want to serve agnostic beverages in this house, then by Goddish we'll do it! The children you've sent here are undisciplined and talking about the certainty of angels! [a window breaks upstairs and the Weatherheads go up to see where it broke]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Excuse me! [waits, then sighs] Let's have a look around."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Upstairs, the Weatherheads enter the girls' room and find the walls covered in colored question marks - the sign of Mysterion. The Weatherheads walk towards the window"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What the? Who did this?
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,What is that? [Mysterion turns right and runs down the hallway and into the boys' room. The Weatherheads follow suit and find Mysterion squatting on the window sill. Mysterion drops down and out of view. The Weatherheads reach the window]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,It was like a... little mystery person... flying around.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Almost like some kind of... agnostic angel. [notices a note pinned to the outside wall with a knife. He removes the note and reads it. ""Look in the fridge.""]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The basement. Mr. Adams and Cartman get to the floor and Mr. Adams finds the door to the Punishment Room locked, so he decides to run into it. This proves successful, and Mr. Adams gets to see what his work has led to."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,Oh my God. [David is still dangling from the beam and the other kids are still in the corner by the water heater] What's going on here?
The Poor Kid,David,[softly] We don't know... We can't possibly know...
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"[leans back on the door frame] What have I done? [sits in the doorway with his head in his hands] I took you kids from your parents without even checking into where you were going! I put innocent children into a dangerous environment! What am I, a recruitment coach for Penn State? [begins to cry. Cartman laughs] It's not funny!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,The ground floor. The Weatherheads make their way slowly to the refrigerator.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"There's nothing in there but Dr Pepper, right? There can't be. [inside is one can of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer with a question mark attached to it with a spring. Mrs. Weatherhead opens the door quickly and finds the can]"
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,Ohhh...
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"How did that get here?! [takes the can out, and his wife closes the door] It says it's a Pabst Blue Ribbon."
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,What is it?
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,[opens the can and takes a sip] It's like beer... but different. [hands it to his wife]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,[takes a sip] But how did it get here? [they begin to take turns sipping the beer.]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Outside. Greeley police cars have pulled up and cops have poured out. Some of them are taking the Weatherheads out of the house as the foster kids watch.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Shut your mouth, bitch!"
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"You shut your mouth, you filth-fucking asshole!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Fuck you, bitch!"
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 1,"You have the right to remain silent. Now look at the camera and say ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."""
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 2,"Get in the car, you!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Wait a minute, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"No, no, take all these kids back to their parents! We've embarrassed the system and made it something nobody wants to be a part of! It's like a Penn State homecoming party! [covers his face and begins to cry. Nearby, Cartman is already in the back seat of a cruiser as a third cop talks to him]"
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 3,"A false police report can carry up to a two-month prison term, son."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I'm not saying it.
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 3,"We can do this the easy way, or we can do it hard!"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I'm not saying it!
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 3,Then we'll add another charge for resisting!
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Okay, fine! [turns to the camera] I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!"
The Poor Kid,Narrator,"Three arrests in just one power-packed episode, proving once again that we are all just one Pabst Blue Ribbon away from becoming... white trash in trouble! Sponsored by Schlitz."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are once again in the hallway, but this time they're cheering Kenny's return"
The Poor Kid,Stan,"Well it sure is good to have you back, Kenny."
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"(Thanks, Stan.)"
The Poor Kid,Kyle,I hear your parents might give up selling meth for good.
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(Good for me.)
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[walks up] There he is, there's my buddy."
The Poor Kid,Kyle,"How was jail, fatass?!"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Well, I did a lot of thinking. And you know, guys, there's an important lesson I think we've all learned. What do we do when the tables are turned? The day's looking brighter. Gray skies are turning blue. 'Cause I'm not (He's not, he's not) the poor kid at school! Kenny's back and it's such a thrill. Now I'm rich just like Stan and Kiul! All that matters is no one thinks I'm a tool! 'Cause I'm not (He's not, he's not) That's right, the poor kid in school. Sing it with me, guys! He's not the poor kid in school. (He's not) I'm not- [a giant reptilian bird's head smashes through the roof and second floor of the school and the kids clear out as the head looks around]"
The Poor Kid,Kids,Aaaah! [the beak grabs Kenny and swings him back and forth between the lockers]
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"(AAAAHH!) [the bird opens its mouth and swallows Kenny, then flies away. The kids look through the massive hole left by the bird]"
The Poor Kid,Stan,...What the fuck?!
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[begins to cry and walk away while Kyle stares angrily at him] Aww, my mom is so poor she walks down the road with one shoooe. [backs up] And if you ask her if she lost a shoe, she'd say ""No, I found ooone."""
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Donovan house. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Clyde are playing football in the backyard."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,"Throw it here! Throw it here! [Clyde throws the ball.] Yeah! Nice one, Clyde! [Clyde's mom shouts through the window.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Clyde! Clyde! Clyde, get up here! Hurry! [Clyde runs in with panic. The boys follow him.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Betsy is waiting Clyde in the bathroom with an angry expression. Clyde comes in and the other boys wait him outside.
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,[points at the toilet] What is that?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,A toilet?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"That's right. It's a toilet, Clyde. And where is the toilet seat? It's up, because you left it up, again! We've been through this countless times, Clyde."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Okay mom, just not in front of my friends okay?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"No, not okay. Because you aren't getting the message! What if I'd fallen in? Start listening to me! Put it down! Put it down! [Clyde hurriedly puts it down. Betsy walks to the door] Thank you. [Clyde stands alone, embarrassed.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[whistles] Dude, that sucks, Clyde. A mom shouldn't be able to put rules on toilet-time like that. Toilet-time is the last bastion of American freedom."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Is your mom always like that dude?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Look, could you guys just not say anything about this in school, please?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[puts his arm on Clyde] Of course, man. It's cool."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in class."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[imitating Clyde's mom] Clyde, Clyde! What have I told you about pissing on the seat? And Clyde's all like ""Ah, okay mom, fuck! Not in front of my friends! [He laughs, Butters joins him.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"Cartman, it was actually really lame."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartmam,"I know, right. Women are just jealous 'cause they have to sit outwards to pee and crap."
Reverse Cowgirl,Butters,"[laughs] Wait a minute! You're supposed to poop on the toilet facing out? [looks around] But I thought you sit on the toilet this way. [demonstrates by sitting backwards on his chair] So that you have that nice little shelf for your comics and chocolate milk? Well, because you got the flusher right here. No? [turns around] Oh jeez, that's embarrassing."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"[offscreen] Clyde! Clyde! [comes in wearing a nightgown, a coat and slippers] There you are!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Mom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Clyde Donovan, you come home this instant!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Why?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,What have I told you about putting the toilet seat down after you go to the bathroom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Mom, I'm in class."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"How many times do I have to tell you Clyde? I was trying to get ready for work and the toilet seat was up, again."
Reverse Cowgirl,Roger,"Betsy, come back home. It's just not that big a deal."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"No, Roger! It's a disgusting habit and I'm sick and tired of it. If I had sat down, I would have gotten toilet water all over my vagina."
Reverse Cowgirl,Butters,My grandma is from Virginia. [smiles]
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"You're coming home right now, and you're putting the seat down where it belongs. Let's go."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"[Looks down in embarrassment, leaves the classroom.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. Cartman is lying on his bed with his pajamas on and he is cutting his toenails and eating Thwizlers while talking on the phone."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Dude, I'm telling you it was fucking hysterical. Clyde had to get up in the middle of class and follow his mom home to put the seat down. He was so embarrassed, dude, I thought he was gonna die."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. Kyle is talking on the phone while his family is seen eating dinner behind."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"I know, fatass. I was there."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"His mom... His mom goes: ""Clyde you're an asshole and now I have toilet water in my vagayjay."""
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,That's not what she said. You're putting extras on again. It's not that funny.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,I know dude. The bathroom is the last bastion of American freedom.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Don't you just feel a little bad for Clyde?
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,Nuh-uh.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Well you should. The poor guy shouldn't be screamed for something that just isn't that big a deal at all. [police siren is heard offscreen.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Donovan house, night. The police, firefighters, ambulance and a crowd of people has gathered around the house. A ladder is placed to reach the second floor window. The camera pans to Stan and Kenny with Kyle approaching them."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,What's going on?
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,They are trying to save Clyde's mom.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,From what?
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,They're saying Clyde left the toilet seat up again.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Donovan's bathroom. Betsy is stuck in the toilet, moaning and desperately trying to get herself out. Three firemen, a paramedics figure and Clyde are standing beside her."
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 1,Hang it there. You're going to be fine okay? Stay with me now. [Another fireman approaches Roger.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 2,"I'm sorry, there's nothing we can do."
Reverse Cowgirl,Roger,What?!
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 2,"When she fell into the toilet, she also made it flush. It created a suction that's literally pulling out her insides."
Reverse Cowgirl,Roger,Can't we disconnect the toilet from the plumbing?
Reverse Cowgirl,Paramedic,"Yes, we'll have to, but when we do that the change in pressure will rip out her organs."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"But she's not gonna die, is she?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 2,"Why did you leave the toilet seat up, son?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Clyde! Clyde! [Clyde goes next to her.] Clyde, I want you to know I don't blame you for this. We should have been h-h-harder on you all those times you left the toilet seat up."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Mom, I'm sorry."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Shhh! Sh! I.. don't... have a lot of time, Clyde. Just please put the toilet seat down from now on for your sister's sake, please. Oh, God, please let me go. Let me go. Do it! Do it! Do it! [The third fireman shuts off the plumbing. Betsy screams while her organs are pulled out, then stops, apparently dead.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Mom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The church. It's the funeral of Betsy Donovan. A plain chant is heard. Stephen Stotch is giving his speech.
Reverse Cowgirl,Stephen,"I'll always remember Betsy Donovan's kind nature, more than anything. She always treated people with dignity and respect. [The camera zooms out. Betsy's corpse in the coffin is seen with a heavy make-up and a pink dress, yet still stuck in the toilet.] What a tragedy she had to leave us so soon. But I'm sure Betsy is hoping that her death will help women everywhere, just take that extra second to look before they sit on a toilet. [Sharon and Sheila look at each other in disbelief.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Linda,"I'd like to say on behalf of the departed, that it isn't a woman's responsibility to see that the seat is down. It's a man's responsibility to put it down. It's not that hard. [all the women start to applause]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Women,"Yeah, yes. That's right."
Reverse Cowgirl,Man With Grey Hair,[reads from a paper] Putting the toilet seat down isn't that hard. So is it too much to ask women to just look and put it down before they go plopping their butts blindly to the toilet bowl?
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman With Brown Hair,"My God, people. This is a funeral! Please have some respect! There's a little boy here who has lost his mother! [Clyde is shown, looking down in sorrow] He'll never see her again, because he couldn't take that sixth-tenths of a second to put the seat down when he was done peeing. [camera shows the woman again] And now little Clyde's mother is dead, and the blood is on his penis. [organ music is played]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, day. Two men from the TSA ring on the door. Cartman is watching Terrance and Phillip while eating cereal."
Reverse Cowgirl,Terrance,"Crap. It's too bad we didn't find any treasure on the subway, Phillip."
Reverse Cowgirl,Phillip,"Oh, hello, Ugly Bob. [the doorbell rings again]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Ugly Bob,Hello Terrance. Hello Phillip.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Mom, get the door! [Liane walks in to answer the door]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Terrance,"You're looking hideously ugly today, Ugly Bob."
Reverse Cowgirl,Ugly Bob,How come you guys say stuff like that?
Reverse Cowgirl,Phillip,Because you're goddamn ugly... [The sound from the TV fades away]
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 1,"Hello ma'am, we're the Toilet Safety Administration."
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,The what?
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 2,"After the recent tragedy, new safety regulations require us to check every toilet for security. Can we come in?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,Oh sure. [The TSA employees come in and go upstairs to the bathroom.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,Who are these buttholes?
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,"It's the Toilet Safety Administration, hun. They're gonna do something to the potty."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,My potty? What are they going to do to it? [runs upstairs]
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The hallway. The TSA employees enter the bathroom while Cartman runs after them.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Hey, hey! That's my bathroom! [Liane follows him]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The bathroom.
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 1,"Oh yeah, we're gonna have to completely redo this ma'am."
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,Oh.
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 1,"You need to have this counter moved to a minimum of six inches, but we'll go ahead and install your safety belt."
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,Safety belt?
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 2,Federal law requires all toilets to be fitted with a safety harness so that nobody can fall in.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Dude, you can't make me wear a seatbelt to take a dump."
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 2,"This is for your safety. A woman died, you know."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Yeah but the blood's on Clyde's wiener, not mine."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Hoffman & Turk Law Office. Clyde, Kyle, Stan and Jimmy are talking to an attorney who is reading a case file."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"Sir, we are really worried about our friend Clyde. Everywhere he goes people are telling him he had blood on his wiener."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Uh-uh, go on."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,We keep trying to tell him maybe this all isn't his fault. Maybe the people who made the toilet are to blame for what happened.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,So we were just wondering if we could sue somebody.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,You can always sue somebody.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"All right, you see, Clyde. Okay, we wanna help him sue whoever invented the toilet."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"You got it. [types on his computer] Here we go, the inventor of the toilet. [the camera shows the webpage he's reading, which turns out to be a Wickie page] Sir Thomas Harrington. In England, died in 1692."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"Aw, he's dead?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,So then we can't sue him?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Why not? You can always sue somebody. It's just gonna take some special protocol. We would have to perform a sue-ance. [spooky music, lightning and thunder follow]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,A...a...a...a sue-ance?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"You bet. Here at Hoffman and Turk we specialize in suing the dead. If you hire us, we'll work hard, for you."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,"Wow, really?!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,[puts his arm around Clyde] You hear that Clyde?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,Now look. I'll be asking all of you to have a very open mind and a willingness to face you fears. [draws a curtain] I warn you boys. A sue-ance can be very... expensive.
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,How expensive?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,How much do you have?
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Clyde got $3000 from his mom's life insurance
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Wow! That's exactly how much a sue-ance costs. [Dramatic music plays. The camera zooms to the man, then pans to the boys.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,"Wow, that's weird."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Randy is sitting on a toilet. He yawns, then farts. A ladder is put on the window, with a cop on it knocking on the window"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Aw, damn it. [reaches the seatbelt. The cop knocks again, so he opens the window.] He, hey officer."
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,"If you're stting on the toilet you need to wear your safety belt, sir."
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, I know, I had it on. I just took it off for a second to get the uh... to get to the uh..."
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,The address here is 260 Avenue de los Mexicanos?
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Oh, come on, don't give me a ticket!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,Gotta wear your safety belt or you could fall in.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,I'm not gonna fall in. I'm not a chick. [puts his belt on]
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,"The law is the law sir. [hands over the ticket] You can pay this by mail or appear in court on that date. Have a good day, sir. [leaves]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,Yeah thanks. [under his breath] Asshole.
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,[comes up] You say something?
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"No, I was talking to my asshole. C-C'mon, asshole. Let's get back to work. [the cop leaves]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"International House of Pancakes (IHOP), day. Cartman and Butters are in the long line for the bathroom. Butters looks impatient because of retaining his pee."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,This is unbelievable. Stupid Toilet Safety Administration. You can't even take a crap at IHOP without a forty minute line!
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Booth,"Shoes off, belts off! Sharp objects go in the plastic tray!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 1,This is inhumane.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Booth,Shut up! Sir.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Two TSA agents are examining a woman for the toilet pass.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Taking a dump today, ma'am?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 2,"No, just need to pee."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,I'll just need to check inside your aaasshole. [Cartman comes in]
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Hey, how about you people speed it up in here? I'm about to crap my pants and I demand access to the toilet right now!"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"All right, do you mind if I touch your balls, sir?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,What? Yes I'd mind! Do you mind if I touch your fucking balls?
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,"[flushes and comes out the toilet cabin] Okay, I'm done."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Alright, sir. I just need to check inside your aaasshole. [takes out a handkerchief and starts wiping his butt]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,I don't need you wiping my ass for me. I'm a grown man.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Yes, you're a big boy, aren't you, sir?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,"Yeah, I'm a big boy."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"That's a big boy, sir."
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,I'm a big boy. I took a big boy poop.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,Yes.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, Clyde, Jimmy and the attorney are sitting around a table in a dark room. The attorney lights two candles."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Alright boys, sit down and clear your minds. The sue-ance is about to begin. Doors and windows are locked. You boys have your $500 in cash ready?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,[holds the money] Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Alright. Then I've got this big bowl set here to catch all money we're about to make. Now. Let us start. [holds hands with Jimmy and Clyde, then closes his eyes, so does Jimmy] We call out to the land of the dead. Sir John Harrington. Your presence is requested. Appear to us, John Harrington. We have a subpoena."
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,"Jeez, it's not working."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"John Harrington. My client is due compensation for negligence. [a creepy music plays. The table starts to rock, much to the Stan and Kyle's surprise.] What is your name, spirit?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit,"[offscreen] Burns. Jimmy Burns. What's it to you? Who are you, mugs?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"[under his breath] That's how people talked in the past. [to the spirit] We have a claim against a John Harrington. Do you know him, spirit?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Well, maybe I do and maybe I don't. Might need a little something to jar my memory."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,We gotta grease him. Put a hundred in the box. [Stan puts the money. The money disappears with a sparkling effect.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Oh yeah, Harrington. I know him. Always going round inventing things."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Yes, that's him. Is his personage amongst you?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Well, maybe it is and maybe it isn't."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Give him another hundred. [Stan puts the money, it disappears like the previous one]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Yeah, I've seen him around, alright. He was just down that way, bragging about some porcelain machine and whatever. [the table rocks]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit 2,Nooo! Nooooo!
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"By the power of Christ, we sue you! [fireworks start to pop] By the power of Christ, we sue you!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit 2,You can't sue me! [the drawers around the room move]
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Quick, put the other $300 in the box! [Stan tosses the money. The attorney swings the box, gasping for breath.] This actually went really, really well. Always happens some bureaucrat tries to block the first sue-ance attempt, but this was good. We'll get him tomorrow."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,So that's it?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Yeah, we're gonna need about 400 more dollars tomorrow. I know you're sad about your mom, Clyde, but don't worry. We're going to win this thing."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, morning. Randy walks in the hallway to the toilet. He is in his morning gown, hold a coffee in his hand."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The toilet. The two TSA agents from IHOP are there. R. Wiley is sitting behind a plastic tray.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Put your coffee in the plastic tray please, sir."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Booth,Shoes off. Belts off.
Reverse Cowgirl,Rand,[takes off his gown] Yeah yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,Got any metal in your pockets?
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,I just need to check your asshole.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"[sighs, then turns around, lowering his pants] So ridiculous."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,[examines his ass with a flashlight] Asshole clear.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,[puts his pants on] Thanks.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,"Pick your coffee up, sir. [Randy picks his coffee, then heads to the toilet]"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Anyways, he says I'm getting nothing anyway, so then you can..."
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"[points away] Hey, what's that thing? [a camera]"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,That's a camera. It's a security camera.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Aw, you people have me on camera now?"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,"It's okay, sir. There's just one person viewing the monitors in a discrete location."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The TSA security camera monitoring room. There is one guy apparently masturbating over the view of hundreds of people in bathrooms.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,South Park Community Center. Cartman is giving his speech
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Exactly how long are we going to sit around as our freedoms are stripped away one by one. It's time for us to stand together, and say, we want the government out of our bathrooms."
Reverse Cowgirl,People,Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Now listen. All we have to do is agree as a community to all bolt our toilet seats down. If they can't raise or lower, there's zero chance of anyone falling in."
Reverse Cowgirl,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, yeah. If there's no toilet seats, the government can't make toilet seat laws. [the crowd cheers]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimbo,"Alright, let's do it."
Reverse Cowgirl,Sheila,"No, no, hold on. If the seat can't raise up the men will just pee all over it."
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 3,"No, we won't."
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 3,"Yeah, you will."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Well, sorry if women might have to deal with a little splash of pee on the rim, but it's a far better solution than having the government in out bathrooms, right?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 4,"How about we agree to that, if men will agree that they will always sit down to urinate."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stephen,"Well, no, you can't make men sit down to pee. How could we play sink the boat?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, how will Nelson and I make an X on sleepover nights?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 4,What about us loggers? Hardworking man who like to stand up after they have taken a poo and then turn around and but the poo in half with their urine?
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Well, sorry, but if we don't want the government treating us like children, we might have to give up being able to pee out feces in half."
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 4,But folks been logging round these parts for generations. My pappy taught me logging. And his pappy before him.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, I think we've just gotta live with the TSA. [several men say 'Yeah' agreeing him]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The dark room. Stan, Kyle, Clyde, Jimmy and the attorney are sitting around the same table. The attorney is holding hands with Jimmy and Clyde with his eyes closed."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Oh, oohh! The spirits of the dead are looking over the subpoena. Motion for summary judgement on behalf of the plaintiff? Ah, aaaah!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,What's happening now?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Our motion has been denied by the judge. [the drawers begin to move] Concentrate boys! [holds the box tight. The drawers stop, the attorney heaves a sigh of relief] This specter is like none I have ever encountered. I managed to avert liability within injunction against out claim."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,So what does that mean?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,We'll hit him with a class action lawsuit tomorrow. We'll need all your friends and family to sign a petition and kick in 50 bucks each.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,[frowning] What?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Hang in there, Clyde. This is all to make the world a safer place."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The security camera monitoring room. Squishy sounds arise while the monitor guy masturbates. He clicks on the monitor's button a couple of times to change the channel, then stops at a woman reading book while taking a dump. He changes the channel some more, and then takes some bit of the moisturizing lotion on the table to put on his penis. He keeps on changing the channel until the view of Cartman standing with an angry face appears. He keeps looking at the monitor while rubbing his penis, though his motions get more interrupted. Cartman puts a gun on a stool, brings in a baby and R. Wiley, bound and gagged. He climbs up a small ladder and sprays the camera with black spray paint. The man's expression changes to a concerned look. He reaches to the microphone."
Reverse Cowgirl,Monitor Man,Security breeeach!
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The news.
Reverse Cowgirl,Reporter,An embarrassing day for the toilet safety administration. Shocking outrage ensued after an unknown terrorist managed to get through TSA security with a gun and a baby. Leaving the toilet seat up. The head TSA chief of operations had this to say:
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,R. West is shown sitting on an outside table in a park.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,Shiiiit!
Reverse Cowgirl,Reporter,"Meanwhile, outraged civilians are claiming they're finally fed up with the overblown government bureaucracy."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. A huge crowd has gathered in front of the building. Cartman is standing in front of the crowd, and Randy is behind the pulpit"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,What good is the TSA if they aren't protecting us? Why have we given up freedom if a terrorist can take a hostage in a bathroom with a baby and a gun on the toilet?
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 5,And the toilet seat was up.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,We've all stood by as our mother government has taken out dignity.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,That's right.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,Now it's time for us to take responsibility for ourselves.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,It is time for us all to grow up.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,That's right.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,It is time for a sue-ance.
Reverse Cowgirl,People,Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Wait, what? What the fuck is a sue-ance?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Colorado State Courthouse. A news reporter is standing outside the building.
Reverse Cowgirl,Reporter 2,"Tom, I'm standing outside the South Park courthouse where experts have successfully summoned the ghost of toilet inventor Sir John Harrington. Now that the spirit has crossed over from the dead, lawyers are gonna try and sue him."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The court. A trial is hold. The judge has a bored look on his face.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Sir Thomas Harrington, your extreme negligence has cost tax payers millions."
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit,No! No!
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"You will be sued, spirit. Thy liability is without question. [the table before the attorney moves. Jimmy, Clyde, Cartman, Stan and Kyle are shown sitting there.] Appear before this court, Harrington."
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit,Never!
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Quick, everyone, get our all your money. [the light goes out and the table rocks. A bright light appears above the judge accompanied by an echoed voice. It turns out to be Betsy's ghost.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,Clyde? Clyde?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Mom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,[points to the attorney] This lawyer is a fraud. He has been swindling you and your friends for your money.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Fuck me, it's a ghost."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"You can't sue the dead, Clyde. Putting the toilet seat down is a matter of simple etiquette. It's common sense, Clyde!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Oh boy, here we go."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,Don't try and blame mommy's death on anything but your failure to something I have asked you time and time again to do. [camera pans to Clyde] It's your fault!
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit 2,[offscreen] Now hold on a second! It's not anyone's fault. [everyone turns to the root of the sound. A spirit enters the court] I am sick an tired of all this nonsense over my porcelain toilet machine.
Reverse Cowgirl,P. Sanchez,"There he is, Sir John Harrington."
Reverse Cowgirl,Mr. Garrison,"Quick, sue him!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Sir Harrington,"You can't sue me. [approaches to the toilet cabinet located in the court] You're all using my toilet invention the wrong way. [camera pans to the TSA agents who look at each other] When you have to sit and take a Sir Harrington you're supposed to be facing this way. [sits on it backwards, just like the way Butters did] So you can use the little shelf for your books, and your quill and your ink."
Reverse Cowgirl,Butters,A-ha! I told you you should sit on it that way! I told you!
Reverse Cowgirl,Sir Harrington,"Why would I design it so that when you're finished taking a Sir Harrington, you have to stand up, turn around and look right down at your Harrington to flush. That's gross."
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, but... but if you sit on it that way, you have to take your pants all the way off."
Reverse Cowgirl,Sir Harrington,Of course! Why do you think I designed toilet rooms with a laundry hole? [points to the hole in the cabin]
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,That's what that hole is for? Oh. [the people in the room join] Oops.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. Cartman is lying on the bed in his pajamas while cutting his toenails, just like the beginning of the episode. He is talking on the phone."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"So then... so then Clyde's mom's ghost was all like ""Clyde, what have I told you Clyde, you asshole!"" And Clyde is all like ""Mom, leave me alone! I'm seriously. Stop, please!"" Dude, it was a riot."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Clyde is reading a comic book on a shelf while holding the receiver on his ear.
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,That's not what I said.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Hah. Yeah, well, I'm just glad that stupid TSA crap is over with. I know you've had a tough week, Clyde. But at least your mom didn't die for nothing. I mean, we're kinda right back at the bathroom being the last bastion of American freedom. So technically, your mom did die for nothing, but... Clyde? Clyde?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Clyde is sitting on the toilet... backwards, and peeing."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[his voice comes through the receiver] Clyde, you there? Hello? [Clyde comes off the toilet, flushing it. He waits for a few seconds, then angrily puts the seat up, and leaves the bathroom while flipping off his mother pointing upwards.]"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Looming Sunset Assisted Living center, day. We can surmise from this that Grandpa Marsh was put in this home when Sharon and Randy divorced shortly after Stan's 10th birthday. The family stops by for a visit."
Cash For Gold,Randy,"Well, Dad, it was really great seeing you. We'd love to stay for dinner, but the food here gives Sharon diarrhea."
Cash For Gold,Sharon,What?! Randy!
Cash For Gold,Randy,[shushes her] Just trying to leave without being rude.
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"[rolls over to a small table next to the TV. There's a gift-wrapped box on it] Hold on, hold on just a second. I got a present for my grandson. [gets the box and wheels back to the family] Come here, Billy. [meets Stan in the middle of the room] You've grown up, Billy. It's time for you to have somethin' expensive and flashy [Stan smiles and glances back at his parents], to impress all the ladies [Stan takes the gift from him, then looks back at his parents]."
Cash For Gold,Sharon,"Go ahead and open it, Stan. [Stan opens the gift as Shelly and his parents surround him. Sharon kneels behind him and looks over his shoulder] Ohoho look at that! A bolo tie! Isn't that beautiful, Stan? [she puts it on him - gold base, turquoise center, diamonds surrounding it (12 small, 24 tiny)]"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"That's 14 karat gold, with turquoise and reeeal diamonds."
Cash For Gold,Randy,"[approaches Marvin] Grandpa, how much did you spend on that?"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,Six thousand dollars.
Cash For Gold,Randy,Six thousand?!
Cash For Gold,Marvin,It's worth fifty thousand. The Jewels and Gems Shopping Network said so.
Cash For Gold,Randy,"Dad, you shouldn't be spending your retirement money on frivolous things! You should be saving it for when you die. That's our money!"
Cash For Gold,Sharon,"It's gorgeous, Dad, thank you. Oh, and tomorrow's picture day at school! Stan can wear it for his photo!"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"Oh, that's wonderful! That'll make me feel reeeally good. Who's Stan?"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"The bus stop, next day. It's picture day! Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny are waiting at the bus stop. Stan approaches, wearing the bolo tie, and stands next to the other boys. Cartman studies him at length"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Nice bolo tie, Stan."
Cash For Gold,Stan,[looks away to avoid eye contact] Thanks. [Kyle takes notice]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,Bolo ties are... [quickly glances at Kyle] really in right now. Cool you have one.
Cash For Gold,Stan,"[annoyed] Look, it was a gift from my grandpa, okay? And it cost a lot of money."
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"No, dude, it's... badass."
