The Scoots,Scene Description,"The neighborhood streets, moments later. Trick-or-treating continues"
The Scoots,Jimmy,Butters? We've lost Butters!
The Scoots,Token,"Oh God, Butters! [Butters is lying down next to a gutter munching on his cache of candy]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. Sharon and Randy stand on the porch looking out at the fields. A swarm of kids is in the distance"
The Scoots,Sharon,We're never goin' to have enough candy.
The Scoots,Scene Description,"The cellphone tower, later. Kenny goes up the steps to the top, hauling a chain. He then throws the chain around the top and catches it, tying it onto itself"
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Okay, that's got it!)"
The Scoots,Mackey,"All right, Kenny! [to no one] Let's see you do THIS with a goddamned scooter! [turns the ignition on, revs up the car, and begins to drive away, pulling the tower down. Kenny hides behind some panels on the way down]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"The town, moments later. The scooters begin to power down and the riders stop moving. The excitement dies down."
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, moments later. The scooters begin to power down and the riders stop moving just before reaching the porch. The excitement dies down."
The Scoots,Adult Kenny,"And just like that, it was over. Nobody knew what happened. They only knew their phones didn't work."
The Scoots,Clyde,Does anyone have a signal?
The Scoots,Adult Kenny,"No scooters, no texting, not even GPS. It was like the old Halloween. [with no way to move around on them, the riders just drop the scooters and walk away]"
The Scoots,Rider 10,And I can't get an Uber home!
The Scoots,Adult Kenny,"Mr. Mackey was able to get back to the town and offer counseling to everyone who needed it. [Kenny walks into view, wearing a costume] And as for me? I was able to spend the rest of the night with my friends, because we were all equal again."
The Scoots,The boys,[approach a house and ring the doorbell] Trick or treat.
The Scoots,Kenny,[brightly] (Trick or treat!)
The Scoots,Adult Kenny,It was the last Halloween that still felt like Halloween. It was the last time... it was good. [a scooter suddenly props itself up and scoots away]
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"A meadow near town, day. A small bird chirps on a blade of grass when suddenly, it's shot to pieces. The camera pans left and we see Jimbo and Ned in the distance, Ned holding the rifle that shot the bird"
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,"Yeah-heah! You got it, Ned! That was a nice shot!"
Time To Get Cereal,Ned,Mn-thanks. I thought so too.
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,"Come on, let's see what we got. [they walk to the bird's location and look down] Huh. Looks like you shot the shit out of it. There's nothin' left. [looks to his left] Hey. Lookie here. Jesus. You ever seen animal tracks that big? [the hoof prints of a large animal are shown - pig on the left, bear on the right]"
Time To Get Cereal,Ned,"Mmm-no I have not, Jimbo."
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,"Looks like a bear. A huge one! Come on, the tracks go this way. [they walk away, then stop] Look at that. Looks like bear droppings. But with a man poop right next to it."
Time To Get Cereal,Ned,I'm scared. [they move forward]
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,"What the hell are we dealing with, Ned? Whatever it is, it was heard recently. [they walk through some hemp plants]"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,They've made their way to Tegridy Farms. Randy and Stan are on the porch
Time To Get Cereal,Randy,Hey! [Jimbo and Ned look up] What the hell are you guys doin' on my farm?
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,"We're trackin' a bear, Randy."
Time To Get Cereal,Randy,"A bear? [a growling squeal is heard, Everyone looks around] That didn't sound like no bear. [Ned begins to run away]"
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,Where're you goin' Ned?
Time To Get Cereal,Ned,Mmm-I'm getting my white ass outta here. [stops. Manbearpig rises out of the field and squeal-growls at him]
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,What the fuck?!
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,"Jesus Christ! [fumbles to aim his gun at ManBearPig and finally gets a shot out. Ned runs away, and ManBearPig gives chase.] Whoa!"
Time To Get Cereal,Ned,"[slowly while running] Help me! [ManBearPig catches up to him and mauls him, then carries him away in its mouth.]"
Time To Get Cereal,Jimbo,NNEEEEDDDD!!
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Officers arrive to work."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"All right. We have some dead cows down at Milner's Ranch. I want Conners and Tiggs to check that out. And the two hikers are still missing. Let's have all units keep their ears to the ground. [tidies up his papers] All right, ladies, that's it. Second shift starts now. As for me, I'm finally heading home."
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 1,"Gonna finally get some R&R, sir?"
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,Yep. Gonna go home and play me some Red Dead Redemption 2. I got a train to rob in Valentine.
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 2,Detective! Got a call from the school. Another kid's been killed.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"No, no not another school shooting! Can't they handle it themselves?"
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 2,Said they need us right away.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,[makes fists] God damn it! [loosens them] Why the hell can't these kids stop being a pain in my ass? [takes off his coat and adjusts his tie]
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Several police cars pull up. Yates and the others get out and enter the school. Strong Woman has the students huddled up on the playground."
Time To Get Cereal,Strong Woman,"Children, everyone, just stay back, okay? The police are coming."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"[arrives with Ofc. Brown.] All right, what happened? What grade was the shooter in?"
Time To Get Cereal,Strong Woman,Oh thank God. Some kindergartners found the body. I-I don't think it was a shooting.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,[takes a cigarette from a pack in his shirt pocket] Of course it's a school shooting. It's cut and dry. Let's just get this over with so I can go home. Where's the victim? [takes out a lighter and lights his cigarette]
Time To Get Cereal,Strong Woman,"Over there. [points to her left, and the officers follow with their eyes]"
Time To Get Cereal,Brown,What the hell? [the body they reach is a kid's body which has been ripped to shreds]
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"Jesus, it's a complete mauling."
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 3,[kneels to take a closer look] Looks like part of him was eaten.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"[returns to the students] All right, which one of you little shitheads did this? [the student body stays silent] Come on. I don't have time for these little games. Which of you peckers felt isolated and lashed out at society? If I have to stay here and do an investigation instead of go home and rob a train, there's gonna be serious hell to pay!"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway. Kyle is at his locker switching books. He closes the locker as Cartman and Kenny walk by, and joins them."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,So what as he doing alone on the playground?
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,Staci Nakabw says he just wanted to run back out and get his football.
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,"(What the fuckin' hell, dude?)"
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,And there were bear prints in the snow?
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,It wasn't a bear! [seen by his locker seated on the floor with his arms around his legs] I saw it. [the other boys walk up to him]
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,You saw what?
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"It was at my house. There was a... thing. It attacked my uncle and took his friend. It was like a bear, but a pig... thing."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,Jesus.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"It was at my house, and then here at the school! Everyone says that kid and I looked alike. What if that thing is after me??"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"Dude, now you're just overreacting."
Time To Get Cereal,Mackey,"[over the P.A.] Attention, please. Will the following students report to the principal's office? Eric Cartman, Kenny McCormick. [both are surprised that they've been called.] Thank you, 'kay."
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"Aww, what did I do this time?"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"The principal's office, lobby. Cartman and Kenny arrive."
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"You go first, Kenny."
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,"(Fuck that, you go first!)"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,I didn't even do anything wrong!
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,(Neither did I!)
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"Just stop being a baby, Kenny, and go! [pulls Kenny to the door]"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"The principal's office, inside. Kenny goes in first, then Cartman. Yates is sitting at the desk, smoking a cigarette."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"Take a seat, boys. Right there. [the boys sit and wait as Yates lights up a cigarette and takes a loooong puff] You know how shitty it is to be a cop? [sits up] There's real emergencies every day - real people who need real help - but then, every other minute, I gotta stop everything 'cause one of you little fuckwads decides to go and shoot up the school. [Kenny says something] Shut up! now, which one of you had a beef with Colin Brooks?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,Nobody gives a shit about Colin Brooks.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"Oh yeah? I asked the kids in this school, ""Who are the biggest loners? Who's most likely to rage and be the next school shooter?"" You know what they said? The fat, ugly mean kid and the detached, loner poor kid."
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"Hey, I'm not poor, all right?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,Or was it both of you? Fess up. I have people in Horseshoe Overlook who are depending on me to get provisions so we can head back east.
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,You're playing Red Dead Redemption 2?
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,That's right. And I'm gonna make both of you school shooters pay for wasting my time. [Cartman and Kenny just look at each other]
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, evening. Kyle is typing away at his computer as Stan looks on."
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"Keep looking. There's a lot of people saying they saw it, Kyle. It's not just me."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"""Evidence of the creature of South Park."" This is like a conspiracy Web site."
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"It's not a conspiracy, it's real. Keep going down. There's video. [Kyle scrolls down and stops at ""MAN-BEAR-PIG captured on VIDEO""] There! Right there! [Kyle clicks on it and the video expands. ManBearPig is seen running off with another victim in its jaws.] That's it. That's what I saw. [walks away from the computer] I saw ManBearPig."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,ManBearPig?
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"Don't you remember, dude? We were warned about this. That weirdo guy who came and told us this would happen? He was right. [Kenny and Cartman soon run in]"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"You guys! You guys! The police are trying to say me and Kenny killed that douchebag, Colin Brooks."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,What?
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,They questioned us for hours. They said they had enough to get warrants for our arrest.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,But it wasn't you guys.
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,We know that! What the hell are we gonna do??
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Who was that ex-President guy? The one who showed up and tried to convince everyone of a ManBearPig?
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,(You mean Al Gore?)
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,Al Gore.
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Yates addresses everyone in the briefing room."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"In my report, you'll see that Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick are believed to have worked together. I've issued warrants for their arrests, and this case is now in the hands of the DA. [adjusts his papers and puts them away] And I... am finally going home. Keep McCormick and Cartman in separate holding cells, and don't wait on me to book 'em. I'm gonna be playing Red Dead Redemption for the next 18 hours. [gets to the entrance door]"
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 2,Detective!
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,Whaaat?
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 2,There's more dead kids. Out in the woods by Stark's Pond.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,In the woods? There was a school shooting out in the woods? Outside of school is the one place kids are supposed to be safe.
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 2,"They're saying it's really bad, sir. Need all units."
Time To Get Cereal,Yatess,"[frustrated, sighs] God damn it! [takes off his coat] If these kids don't stop killing each other, I'm gonna shoot 'em all myself."
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Denver City Hall, day. The boys approach the receptionist."
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"Hello, uh, we're looking for a government sort of guy named Al Gore?"
Time To Get Cereal,Receptionist,Al Gore... Al Gore... Sounds familiar.
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"He said he was almost President once. He came to our town once to warn us about something, [hands her a photo] and we have to find him. [the photo is revealed to be a head shot of Al Gore signed ""To my Best Friends! - Al"".]"
Time To Get Cereal,Receptionist,Ohhh yeahhh. This looks like Jim Turner
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,{Jim Turner?}
Time To Get Cereal,Receptionist,The state bowling champion five years in a row. You can always catch him practicing down at Gramercy Lanes.
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Gramercy Lanes, later. ""Jim Turner"" is seen getting ready to bowl."
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Focus. Calm. Center. [bowls. The ball takes out 9 of 10 pins] Yes! Die! Die, you pins! Oh, we've got a straggler, do we? You're gonna die just like the rest of 'em."
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Mr. Gore?
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,Focus. Calm.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Al Gore?
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,[faces them] That's a name I haven't heard in a long time.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"I don't know if you remember us, but we're the kids you got to help try and capture ManBearPig? Well uh, eh eh, you were right. Ha, you, you were totally right. ManBearPig is real and, uh, he's killing lots of people in our town."
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,Oh. Sucks for you. [turns around and gets the spare.]
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"Please, Mr. Gore! We need your help! ManBearPig isn't going to stop!"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"[gets a new ball and holds it] Oh, is it inconvenient now? I tried to warn you all, but no one took me cereal. You all just made fun of me, didn't you? Well, now you can just deal with it yourselves."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"Please, just tell us. How do you stop it?"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,You stop it all those years ago when I freaking warned you and you still had time!
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"There has to be something we can still do. Please, Mr. Gore. You're the only person who knows anything about it."
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,Say you're sorry for making fun of me.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"We, didn't, we didn't realize there were more than-"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,Say you're sorry for making fun of me.
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,[sincerely] We're sorry for making fun of you.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,That... didn't sound cereal at all. [turns and bowls a strike]
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Red Lobster, day. A family is seated at a booth. The mother and son sit against a wall while the father sits on the open side."
Time To Get Cereal,Husband,"You can't just go along with what people are saying, Susan. Okay? There's no scientific proof, no real evidence of a Manbearpig."
Time To Get Cereal,Susan,"Well, there's a lot of smart people saying ManBearPig is real."
Time To Get Cereal,Husband,"Yeah, and a lot of smarter people saying saying it isn't. Okay? What you need to understand, Susan, is that everyone has an agenda. Everyone wants to use the fear of a Manbearpig to get what they want. [ManBearPig breaks through the windows and begins killing diners left and right] So they throw around bad science, bad taxidermy. People comin' out of the woodwork are now experts on the subject. [ManBearPig grabs a blond diner by the head and slams him to the ground, grabs a female diner and decapitates her with a single bite, grabs another diner and kills him] But you have to use your own brain, sweetheart. You can't just let people tell you that if you don't believe in ManBearPig, then you don't care about the world."
Time To Get Cereal,Susan,It is real!
Time To Get Cereal,Husband,"You wanna believe it's real? You go right on ahead, Susan."
Time To Get Cereal,Susan,"No, it's right there! It's right there behind you! [The father looks over his shoulder and sees ManBearPig grab another blond diner and rip his skull and spine from the rest of his body. Susan is terrified and screams]"
Time To Get Cereal,Husband,"Okay, ManBearPig is real. [ManBearPig grabs another diner and bites him in the torso, tosses him around, and spits him out] What are we gonna do about it now, huh? [ManBearPig grabs another diner and tears him in two] What are we gonna do that's gonna make any difference now, Susan?"
Time To Get Cereal,Susan,[grabs their son and shakes her head in disbelief] What?! We have to do something!
Time To Get Cereal,Husband,"What can we do that everyone else will also do, Susan? [ManBearPig grabs a female diner and slams her into a pillar] Come on, use your brain. Even if we do something about it, what about the Chinese? [ManBearPig takes yet another dinner and slams him into the booth behind the family's] They're just gonna keep right on- Aaaghghg! [ManBearPig grabs the father and crushes his skull in its jaws, killing him]"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Olive Garden, day. There's singing going on in there."
Time To Get Cereal,Boys,"[singing to Al Gore, who's wearing a Special Boy crown] For he's a jolly good fellow. For he's a jolly good fellow. For he's a jolly good fellow. That should 've been President."
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Aw, thanks, guys! You shouldn't have!"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,You told us to. [Stan elbows him] Ngh!
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"What did you guys get me? [opens the first gift] Oh wow. Look! [a small framed picture] It's a ""You were right about ManBearPig"" signed picture. [the picture does say that, with the four boys signing it at the bottom]"
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"So, ahum, now maybe we can all work together, huh?"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Hang on! [claps and sings] It's movie time! Go go! Start it up. [Kenny goes to start the projector] This is the best party ever. Oh, look, guys. It's me! There I am, campaigning to be President. [Al Gore talking to a crowd during his presidential campaign in 2000] That's me with Hillary! [An older looking Gore standing with Hillary Clinton at a rally during her presidential campaign in 2016] There's more of me on the campaign trail,[Al and his wife shaking hands with people outside during his campaign in 2000] so full of dreams! Oh, look! It's me when I found out I lost the election! [he and George W. Bush stand outside by the White House after the 2000 presidential election] Boo! [the boys have lost interest and their eyes are half closed] But then look! There's me getting an Academy Award! [Gore standing on the red carpet at the 2007 Academy Awards with his wife, son and daughter for his film ""An Inconvenient Truth""]"
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"[fed up] Okay, can we stop ManBearPig now?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Who said anything about stopping MBP?[Gore, his wife and his running mate are shaking hands while leaving an event in 2000]"
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Yu-you told us to do all this.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Yeah, to make up for ripping on me![Gore talking to reporters on a tarmac]"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,You're still not even gonna help us?!
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"I've moved on from this life, okay?! I have a new life now! I'm a bowler![Gore addressing the United Nations]And when I'm not bowling, I help out my gang. [Gore on an airplane talking to a reporter]They're my family now! We're wanted in Blackwater, and we have to move our camp soon!"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,You're playing Red Dead Redemption 2?
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Yeah, it's amazing. Only thing is I have all these stolen items and I don't know how to sell them.[Gore and his wife greeting people outside an event at night]"
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,We know how.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"[softly] Oh, really? [Gore and his running mate at a rally in 2000]"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Baskin Robbins, day. It is destroyed, with shattered windows and bodies torn apart and strewn everywhere. The police show up and document the massacre."
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 3,[with notepad] No witnesses to the attack were left alive. The same bear and pig droppings were found along with human excrement.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,I don't believe it. A school shooting at an ice cream shop. Damn it! When children leave school they're supposed to be out of harm's way!
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 4,"Detective! Sir, we got word on the two suspects. They appear to be on the run."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,I would be too if I were guilty.
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 4,"No one has seen them or their two closest friends, uh, Marsh and Broflovski."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"So we got us a gang of shooters, huh?! How the hell hard can it be to find four boys?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 3,"Sir. Why don't you take a break, sir?"
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,Erh.
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 3,You've been hittin' it hard. We'll do all we can to catch these kids. Go home. Play some Red Dead Redemption.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,Huh. Gotta admit I've to love to see the sunrise over Citadel Rock again. And I got me a gal who claims she's got a side mission or two.
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 3,"Go on home, sir. We'll take care of everything here."
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,Al Gore's storage unit. He opens the security shutters and leads the boys in. Lots of papers and electronics fill the unit
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,This is it. Every piece of information I ever gathered on ManBearPig.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Where did ManBearPig come from?
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,Is it some sort of genetic mutation?
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"[uncovers a huge workstation with three screens] Hoho! I thought that once too. I wanted to find ManBearPig's origins. And so I created this - the Internet. With that, I was able to look everywhere for any bit of data, and what I learned is that ManBearPig... is a demon."
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,(A demon?!)
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"[brings up an image of an engraving] This is ""The Temptation of St. Anthony"" by Martin Schongauer. It depicts several demons. WolfMonekyGuy, ChickenFishWoman, and ElephantPorcupineMan, just to name a few. All of them sent by the Devil himself. [realizes something] Oh my God."
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,What?
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"I should play Red Dead on this computer, with all three screens. That'd be so bitchin' sweet."
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Why did the Devil send ManBearPig?!
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Why does the Devil do anything? He's the freakin' Devil. He's a dick. [opens a secret compartment in which his red cape and gold medallion rest, and puts on the cape and medallion] It's probably too late. By now, ManBearPig is so powerful that the only way to get rid of him is to send him back to hell. We're going to have to do... a demonic ritual. [goes to a mirror to make sure he's ready] All I can say is... you boys better get to the grocery store, 'cause it's time... to get cereal."
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"Yates' house, night. Yates parks his car outside the garage and goes to the front door. He opens it and goes in. Maggie comes out to greet him"
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,"Harrison Yates, where have ya been?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"Another school shooting, Maggie. Down at Baskin-Robbins. [grabs his controller and presses Play. He waits for the game to appear onscreen]"
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,I haven't seen ya in days. I've missed you so much. Come have some supper with me.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"Maggie, I just need to relax a bit, all right? Please. I've been waiting for this a long time. Just give me a- Wait a minute. The house in Valentine is built? Where did I get a sniper rifle? Maggie! Did you play over my saved game?"
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,I just played a little bit.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"A little bit, you-? On my saved game?! Why didn't you start your own?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,"You're never home anymore! With all these school shootings! I need a life too, you know?! ISo I robbed a lumber mill in Monto's rest, upgraded my horse and got a sniper rifle."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"[stands up and confronts her] That's my life, Maggie! I was goin' for more honor points! God damn it!"
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,Why can't we have a life together?!
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,I haven't gotten to play in three days. You've done all this stuff without me! You got deputized?! [Maggie begins sobbing.] Oh God damn it! That does it!
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,Where are ya going?!
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"I'm starting a new life! [goes to the hat rack and puts on his coat and hat, then goes back to the armchair] I'm creating a new saved game."
Time To Get Cereal,Maggie,You can;t possibly go all the way back to the snow level again!
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,What choice do I have now?! [Maggie sobs and heads towards the kitchen as he starts a new game] Fuckin' bitch.
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"The woods, night. The camera aims at the night sky, then pans down, resting on the sacrificial circumscribed pentagram, drawn in blood. A goat is tied to a stake in the center, and a candle rests on each of the five points of the pentagram. Gore appears with a crown of twigs and holding a chicken by its feet"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Abuul abash mayah. What Satan has put forth upon this earth, may it be summoned and banished forever. [the boys stand by with two other dead chickens. They each hold a candle. Kenny takes one of them to Gore]"
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"Dude, come on. What are we doing?"
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,This is stupid.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,He was right before.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"We call upon the powers of darkness. Come on, guys. We call upon the powers of darkness."
Time To Get Cereal,The Boys,We call upon the powers of darkness.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,Al Gore was right. Al Gore was right all along.
Time To Get Cereal,The Boys,Al Gore was right all along.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,We should have listened to Al Gore.
Time To Get Cereal,The Boys,We should have all listened to Al Gore.
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"Wait. Wait, are you videoing us?"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,It's Instagram Live. Keep going! We should have taken Al Gore more cereal.
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"All right all right, that's enough! [puts down his candle] You need to stop wasting our time, dude. People are dying! You don't have a fucking clue what you're doing! [the pentagram brightens up, winds whip around in it, flames appear on the bloody markings. The goat is consumed and the flames get stronger.]"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,[faces the boys] You were saying?
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Oh shit! [facepalm] God damn it! Nothing! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"The SPPD briefing room. The police officers await Yates. An officer coughs. The door opens and Yates storms in, also the door, puts his coat on the coat rack, kicks the wastebasket and walks to the lectern"
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"Do you all have any idea what it's like to start over?! You walk four hours through the snow relearning everything, all because your bitch wife went and spent all your hard-earned money on upgrades you didn't want! I get one little break from work - one little break - and I didn't even get back to the first brawl at the saloon!"
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 5,[raises his hand] You can actually bypass that fight if you go hunting with Dutch.
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"[slams his fist on the lectern] SHUT UP!! These school shootings are done, you hear me?! I want this case closed by the end of the night, one way or another! Now let's MOVE OUT!"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"The woods, night. The pentagram is quite hot now as Gore and the boys wait for Satan"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Here he comes, boys! Prepare yourselves! [the pentagram ones up and a giant hand rises out of it and grips the ground. The rest of the figure rises up, growling. It's Satan.]"
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,Who hath summoned me to this realm?!
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,Dude! You summoned Satan!
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Yeah, no doi! What'd ya think we were doing?! [turns to Satan] Prince of Darkness! It is I, Al Gore! I was almost President!"
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"What do you wish of me, Al Gore?!"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,A demon from Hell has been unleashed upon our world! We demand to know its nature! We demand to know its reason for coming!
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,There is only one place you can find the answers you seek! It is the place where all knowledge becomes known. Your local library.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,Ah! You are correct. [to the boys] Your local library is an excellent resource for whatever you wish to learn.
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,Yes it is.
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Then I command ye, Satan, to come with us to the local library! And I am cereal!"
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"Dude, Satan's not gonna go with us to the-"
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"Very well, Al Gore. Let us go!"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"South Park Public Library, night. The boys and Gore are inside browsing the stacks"
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"Yeah, guys! Guys, over here! I think I found it. What you're dealing with is a Sifter of Fate."
Time To Get Cereal,Kenny,(Well what's that mean?)
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"So there's these demons that, um, actually come once every few generations. They're all about making deals."
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Making deals?
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"Yeah, check it out: ""The Sifter of Fate thrives on tempting mankind. It will always offer a deal in exchange for mercy, but the carnage will be a thousand times worse when the debt comes due."""
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,"Okay, so wait. Now you're saying that someone in our town made a deal with that thing?"
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"Now it's here to claim its part of the bargain. It's sort of like when you're part of a gang feuding with a rival gang, you know? You ride around on your horse thinking it won't all catch up with you, but... it always does."
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,You're playing Red Dead Redemption 2?
Time To Get Cereal,Satan,"So good, right? [police sirens draw near and stop]"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"South Park Public Library exterior, night. Yates speaks through a bullhorn while numerous police cars and armed SPPD officers are behind him and a few townspeople observe."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,Attention school shooters! We have you surrounded! Come out with your hands up!
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,South Park Public Library interior. The boys look out the window before turning around and walk away from the window.
Time To Get Cereal,Cartman,"Oh Jesus. You gotta tell them, Mr. Gore! Tell them it wasn't us!"
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"No. They don't listen to me, kids. [walks up to them and genuflects] It's up to you young people now. [takes off his medallion...] You have to find a way to get people to take this cereal. [...and puts it on Kyle. He then puts his cape on Stan] You must convince people there's a ManBearPig, which Satan told you is a Fate Sifter demon that made a deal with someone in this town!"
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,That's gonna be impossible!
Time To Get Cereal,Gore,"Yeah, sounds really hard, doesn't it? People might not believe you and like, make fun of you and stuff. Poor you guys, huh? [the boys turn and walk out, heads down.]"
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,"South Park Public Library exterior, night. The boys walk out to the steps of the library and stop in place with their hands up."
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 5,They're coming out!
Time To Get Cereal,Female Officer,Hands where we can see 'em!
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,"Everyone, listen! ManBearPig is real! It's a demon that thrives on making deals to exploit mankind's weaknesses. I am super-duper cereal.[a few of the townspeople move in closer behind the officers to listen] We all have to work together, you guys. This one time. We have to all put our pride aside and be willing to say, maybe we were wrong."
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"[Approaches from the side behind the boys] All right, lock these little fuckers up! [four officers, one for each boy, come up from the other side and cuff them]"
Time To Get Cereal,Kyle,No! You can't! [other officers come in and deal with the boys]
Time To Get Cereal,Yates,"[leaving] That's it, gentlemen! Case closed. Now I've got a Goddamned stagecoach to rob in Scarlett Meadows!"
Time To Get Cereal,Officer 6,"Well done, sir! [he and Yates high-five each other in passing]"
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,No! Nooo!
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,The arrest is aired on News 4. Kyle and Stan are put into the back seat
Time To Get Cereal,Stan,Please! Somebody made a deal with ManBearPig! We have to find out who!
Time To Get Cereal,Scene Description,Shady Acres Retirement Community. Commons area. Marvin Marsh and other residents are watching the events unfold on TV.
Time To Get Cereal,Marvin,[looking at the newscast] Billy... What have I done?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Bright music plays as a couple leaves Jared's, the Galleria of Jewelry"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Wife,"[emotional] Oh my gosh! Oh, honey! I can't believe you went to Jared!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Husband,"This is a new beginning for us, darling. I'm just so excited for our future. [ManBearPig leaps in out of nowhere and mangles him to bits]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,Gameplay of Red Dead Redemption 2 is shown on a television set up next to a cup of pens and pencils.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer Jenkins,"[Off screen] Oh yeah! Take that, cop! You want some too, sheriff?! Yeah! There you go, bitch! Another dead cop! [The back of the player is now shown, with the television and a PS4 set up on an office desk] And another one! Yeah! You want some too, copper?! [the player is revealed to be a desk officer inside South Park Police Department.] You want a piece of this, you god damn pigs?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Police Department, holding cells. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are hanging onto the cell door while Kenny is laying down on a cot. Officer Jenkins is a few feet away from them, playing RDR2."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Officer, you have to let us out of here! We don't have much time!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jenkins,"Yeah, that's the last cop. Let's get out of here!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Sir, you have to listen to us. ManBearPig is real."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jenkins,"[Reclines back and puts his legs up on the desk] Oh God. Here we go again. ""We gotta stop ManBearPig! We gotta take it serious!"""
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"But we do! ManBearPig is gonna kill everyone, and he's not gonna stop!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jenkins,"Oh, well then I guess I don't have to do anything about it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Can you get off your god damn video game for five fucking seconds so we can have a conversation?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[leaves the cell door] Where the hell is Al Gore? Why isn't he coming for us?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[walks up] Nobody's coming for us, Stan. They think we're murderers."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,And that's why we have to break out of here ourselves. [turns to the cop] Excuse me? Officer?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jenkins,Shut up! I don't wanna hear anything about ManBearPig and how we're all doomed.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"No, it's not that. It's just...I noticed you're still riding your horse all the way back to camp."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jenkins,[turns his head to face Cartman] Yeah. Trains and stagecoaches don't go to my camp.[turns back to the video game]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"No, they don't, but... you can use cinematic mode to make it easier on yourself."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jenkins,"[stops, then looks at him, startled, then sits up] What the hell are you talking about?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Community Center, evening. Several corpses lie on the ground, and a couple of small fires blaze nearby as an ambulance rushes by. Inside, Hugh is standing on a stage, next to a projection screen, as he prepares to speak to the audience."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Hugh,"All right, everyone. I realize a lot of people have died and most of the roads have been destroyed due to all the fires, so I'd like to thank you all for coming to tonight's symposium, ""When Should I Start To Worry?"" [On the projection screen, a picture of a blonde haired woman is shown pondering with her chin in her hand, along with the caption, ""When should I start to worry?""] I'd like to make this an open discussion and hope we can all participate in ways that give us better insight. Yes, Mr. Clarkson?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Mr. Clarkson,[Stands up] I'm pretty sure there's a ManBearPig and I'm fairly certain that he has eaten two of my children and destroyed our home. When should I start to worry? [sits down]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Hugh,That's an excellent question. There's definitely evidence that all the death and destruction around us is due to a ManBearPig.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman,[stands up and interjects] But no exact correlation to a ManBearPig!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Hugh,"Definitely not, and that's why we're all here, to pinpoint, ""When Should I Start To Worry?"""
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stephen,"[stands up]I think that the time to start worrying is coming. I don't know if I believe in ManBearPig or not, but I do know that I'm open to the idea of starting to worry. [he gets some applause and then sits down]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Hugh,I think Stephen echoes a lot of our feelings right now.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Community Center, interior entrance. Satan bursts through the closed doors, creating a massive hole in the wall and then flings chairs everywhere, as people run away from him"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,Rroooowwwwwrrrrr!! [grabs a man by the collar] Foolish mortals! Your time is nigh! Face your end!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Mr. Clarkson,"[raises a hand and stands up] Um, it looks like Satan is here. Should I start to worry? [he gets some applause and then sits down]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. Stan is trying to get inside. He rattles the doorknob a couple of times and then bangs on the door. Randy answers"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,[looks around and then looks down in shock] Stan?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"We broke out of jail, Dad."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"Come on. Get out of sight. [Stan goes in, Randy closes the door]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Cartman tricked the guards. We all ran home to be with our parents. Where's mom?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,Your mom's been out trying to find you a lawyer and a therapist. We've been doing all we can!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Dad, that thing we saw take Ned? It was ManBearPig. It was real!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,What are you talking about? It was just a bear.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"No, Dad. It's... [notices his dad's eyes switching back and forth from him to the TV] Why do you keep looking at the TV?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,What? Why? I dunno? What?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"[walks over to get a better look, then steps back, grabs the controller, and looks at Randy] You've been playing Red Dead Redemption?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,A little bit. I mean... when I'm not doing all this stuff for you
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,I thought you were working on getting me out!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"Sorry, I needed a little break!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,You're all the way to St. Denis?! That's like 40 hours of gameplay! How could you uh! Are you high right now?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"I'm a little high, yes!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Oh my God!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,Oh what?! I'm sorry! I'm sorry that I need to decompress with all this shit going on!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,I can't believe you would get high and play video games while your son is in jail! You're such an asshole!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,[gets in his face] Well at least I'm not a school shooter!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[walks up to him] It wasn't me! It was a demon named ManBearPig! [gives him the controller]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"Oh whatever! [goes to the sofa and sits down, and begins playing] ""ManBearPig! ManBearPig!"" You sound like your freakin' grandpa!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Yeah, because I learned a lot about-! [stops himself] Whoa whoa, what are you talking about I sound like Grandpa?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,He had been talking about ManBearPig comin' since I was fuckin' 14. Nothin' new.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[turns away] Someone made a deal with it... a long time ago.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,Do you know how to craft stamina tonics? [Stan glares back at Randy]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Broflovski Residence, night. Kyle comes in from the backyard through the sliding door. The house is dark, so he looks around carefully"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Mom? [goes to the living room] Dad? [walks upstairs to the master bedroom, opens the door, and looks in, then closes it. He goes to his room and sits on his bed. He looks up] I don't know if you can hear me. I-I feel so alone right now. I-I feel like the whole world is falling apart and somehow I'm supposed to do something but... I don't know what that is anymore. [the window lights up]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,[a ghostly image on the window] Fear not. Do not give up on yourself. You must keep believing.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Mr. Gore? Where have you been?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,It's me. Al Gore.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Yeah. Where have you been?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"You cannot lose faith, my child, even though everyone is ripping on you. Even though they don't believe you and they're saying you're just seeking attention because you lost the Presidency. You have to be strong!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Well what happened to you? Are you dead or something?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,No! not dead! Just merely using a flashlight on the glass to apply the Pepper's ghost technique.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"What, what? [turns around] Oh, god damn it. [Gore turns off the flashlight and turns on the bedroom light]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"You see my point? Things aren't always as they appear. You have to stay strong, my little crusader."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,I can't do this alone. I need help.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"I did, too. Didn't get it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"What more do you want from me?? I've atoned for my mistake. I'm sorry that we were getting a lot of different information at the time. You know, even you were wrong about a lot of the things you said would happen a-"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,[puts his hand to his ear] What's that?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Nothing. I didn't mean-
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"See you later, alligator. [turns and walks out.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[gives chase] No, no, no, no! I'm sorry! [follows him down the stairs] I am sorry, please! I'm cereal! Ah, I didn't mean to say you were wrong, just that some of your predictions didn't happen-"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"Oh yeah, you're real cereal. [they reach the front door. Gore opens it and is about to step out]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Please, please, please! [Gore turns to look at him] I'll do anything! I just want everyone to be safe!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,All I was doing was trying to be your mentor. You know who my mentor was? Me! Al Gore!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Outside the doorway, a chiming sound is heard as the spirit version of Al Gores fades in and stands on the sidewalk"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"Hello, Al Gore."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"[gasps as he looks at his spirit] It's him! Just in time, too. Thanks for coming in my time of crisis, Al Gore! [closes the door. Kyle just stands there looking at it.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Jared, day. The building is covered with blood and police tape and has damaged windows. There are several bodies scattered all over the place. One officer puts up roadblocks, another takes notes. In the background, Yates surveys the damage with other officers and a group of forensic scientist in lab coats."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 7,"Sorry to call you down, sir, but this is a bad one."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Oh no, that's fine. [takes out a pack of cigarettes and taps it on his wrist. He then pulls one out and returns the pack to his shirt pocket.] I finally arrest four school shooters and can play some Red Dead Redemption, and then I get a call about another school shooting. [takes out a lighter and lights up his cigarette.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 7,"This one really doesn't look like a school shooting, sir. Five different witnesses say it was definitely... ManBearPig."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"God damn it! There's no such thing as a ManBearPig! [The scientists and officers stop examining the scene and look at Yates] You got that?? We're working with facts here, not goofball theories!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 7,"Yea, but sir, all the forensic scientists say there are bear and pig footprints-"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Fuck scientists! [The scientists and officers stop again and look at Yates] Why are you trying to figure out what's going with scientists?! The only thing I want to know is who committed this school shooting, since our school-shooting suspects are in jail!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 1,"Detective! [runs into view] Detective, we just got word from the station. The four shooting suspects broke out a while ago."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Oh well, there you go! It was them again! Gee, I didn't need any freakin' scientists to figure that out, did I?! Get 'em outta here! [the forensic scientists are escorted away] Now how the fuck did those kids break out of my jail?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 1,"Jenkins said they tricked him. Said they could show him a way to fast-travel in Red Dead Redemption by upgrading his camp, and then they just took off."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,[in a low voice] There's a way to fast-travel if you upgrade your camp? [thinks a moment] Jesus... [puts his hand on the back of the officer and then looks around as they take a few steps forward] You'd better start from the beginning.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Shady Acres Retirement Community, exterior. evening"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Shady Acres Retirement Community, interior. Commons area. A group of elderly residents are sitting down and watching the news on the television set."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Reporter,"[off screen] More damage and destruction today as the death toll rises to the hundreds. [the reporter is now shown, standing in front of a Denny's that is covered in blood and has police tape around it.] Some see this as evidence ManBearPig might be real, while others say ManBearPig is a fabrication for political gains- [ManBearPig comes up from behind and attacks the reporter. Marvin Marsh is focused on the report]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[off screen] Grandpa?! [Marvin sits up with his jaw dropped as Stan comes into view a few feet behind him.] What did you do?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Oh, Billy. [chuckles] My grandson come to visit."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"This isn't the first time ManBearPig has shown up, is it?! What happened?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Billy, I have Alzheimer's. I don't even remember what happened this morning."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Cut the shit, Grandpa! You people knew! You made a deal with that thing!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Margaret,We thought we'd be dead by now. We didn't think we'd have to live to see the consequences.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Aw, great! Just tell the whole world, Margaret! [zips past her in his wheelchair]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[follows him down the dorm hallway] Why did you old people make a deal?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"We had a right to be happy too, you know?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,And you just signed away the future?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,We didn't want to have to give the demon his stuff back!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,What stuff?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"All our cars [turns his wheelchair around], and premium boutique ice cream."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"You couldn't control yourselves, so now that thing is here to kill all of us! Good fuckin' job, Grandpa!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Broflovski Residence, backyard, night. Cartman and Kenny pound on the sliding door. Kyle opens up"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Kyle, come on. We've gotta go."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Go where?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"I had a vision, Kyle. Al Gore's ghost visited me."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Al Gore isn't dead.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Well his ghost visited me, Kyle. He said he had a plan, and we needed to go. Are you in or not?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,"(Yeah, are you in or not?) [Kyle stays silent]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The woods, night. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny walk through it in the dark. Cartman has the flashlight"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"We shouldn't be out here. We're wanted by the police. [some growling and howling is heard, with the sound of cracking branches]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Shhh. What was that?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(Sounds like a fuckin' werewolf!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,This is where Al Gore told me to go. [more growling is heard as Cartman moves his flashlight around]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(What the fuck is that?!) [points to something. Satan jumps into the beam of light with a display of might]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,It's Satan.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"What are you doing here, Satan?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,I was told to come here by the spirit of Al Gore.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Us too. But why? [The spirit of Al Gore suddenly appears and floats next to Kyle]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"Remember... even though I am gone, you must still work together."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Work together how??
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the ones who are actually cereal. [to the others] You cannot lose hope. There is still much you need to know.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Yates house. Harrison arrives and is about to open his front door when he hears a shooting and screams, then the sound of a galloping horse. He then knows what's going on."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Oh, you'd better not- [goes inside and throws his hat and jacket down] You bitch! [Maggie squeals in fright and stands up] You're playing Red Dead Redemption, aren't you?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,[angrily] So what of it?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"What did I tell you about playing on my saved game, Maggie?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,"No! No, this is my life now, Harrison Yates! I started over, with me own saved game!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,What are you talking about?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,"See for yourself. [puts the game controller in his hand] You and all your talk o'wantin' your own life! I wanted somethin' new too! [walks behind Yates to his left side, as he begins to check out the stats] I started over in the snow and worked my way up to the new gang leader! I have thousands of dollars o'me own! [walks behind Yates to his right side]I built a house with John Marston! I'm helpin' his family now!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,[steps forward and presses some buttons] You fucking slut!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,"[turns and points her finger into Yates' face]That's right, Harrison Yates! And what have you got?! [walks behind Yates to his left side] A basic starter horse and the $20 gambler's that you won at a poker match! I'm twice the man you are now!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,Don't you talk to me like that!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,I'll talk however I want! [walks behind Yates to his right side] I've completed every hunting side mission! Found seven legendary animals! [crosses her arms over her chest]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,Found them where?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,I'm not tellin'! You wanted your now life and now you got it! [walks out of the room]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,Maggie! [breaks down onto his knees and weeps] Nwaaahahahahaha...
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"In the woods at night, Spirit Gore has been speaking to the boys and Satan"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"And in conclusion, let me just say that you are the future. You cannot give up hope. I brought you all together because I believe in you."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,The boys and Satan are sitting on a log. Satan looks rather bored while the boys try to understand what Spirit Gore is saying.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Okay, but what do you want us to-?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"And sometimes, believing is all that we need to be cereal. [disappears. Suddenly, a set of end credits roll in his place with Al Gore credited for everything, showing that this was pre-taped]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Credits? [some clapping is heard. The boys turn around and see Al Gore by a movie projector]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,Did you guys like my movie?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,What are you doing?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"Exactly. I'm trying to get you to ask ""What would Al Gore do?"""
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,Make a movie starring you.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"Yes, to get you all to not give up. To get you to fight!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"[to Gore as he walks away from the log] You don't understand. There is no fight. [turns to the boys] A deal was made. We do not know by whom. But this demon has grown stronger, and no mortal can do anything to stop it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,[gets off the log] No mortal. But what about you?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,Why would I help mankind?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Satan, come on. Are you really gonna stand there and not say you appreciate all the nice things humans have done for you lately? I mean, not sure if you've noticed, but we're pretty much doing things your way up here"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"[turns around again and contemplates] I... must admit, people up here on Earth have been doing a lot of my work for me lately. Maybe... maybe it is time I did something for them."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"A picture frame is shown, being held up by a pair of small hands. Inside, a picture of a younger Marvin Marsh, smiling and sitting in the driver's seat of a 1978 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am and holding a triple scoop of ice cream in his left hand."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"[off screen] We were all young and foolish back then, Billy. We didn't think about the future. We just wanted things. [Stan is the one holding the picture while Marvin is looking out the window in his room] This creature shows up, and it seemed like a good deal for everyone in town."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[puts the frame down and turns to Marvin] You didn't stop to think about what it would mean for us?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"[turns his wheelchair around to face Stan] Aw Billy, it's not that simple. We thought about it. But our town was so tiny back then. We just, we wanted nice things other people had."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,And you didn't give two shits what it would mean for your grandchildren.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,I didn't think I'd have grandkids. I didn't even want children. That's why I always came on Gram Gram's tits.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[closes his eyes] Aaaah.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"But then, one night, I'm having sex with your grandma, and she sticks her finger in my ass. She had sometimes licked my ass before, [Stan looks at him in disbelief] but this was the first time she used her finger, and I came inside her like that. [slaps his left hand with his right] I pulled out and your grandma was like ""Did you just come in me?"", and I was like ""Well, you stuck your finger in my ass."" And that's basically why you're here, Billy."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,This is supposed to make me feel better?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,I'm just saying that I wasn't thinking about the future because your father was supposed to be nothing but dried-up crust on Gram Gram's titties.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,You... people... made a deal with ManBearPig! How?! Where?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"It doesn't matter, Billy. It's too late now."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Tell me how the deal happened so that I can try to make it go away!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. People are running all over the place and screaming. ManBearPig chases after them."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 2,"[running] No! No! [ManBearPig catches him, tears into him, and bites into his back]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"[offscreen] ManBearPig! [approaches ManBearPig slowly, deliberately, like a sheriff in the Old West. He roars. ManBearPig roars back and faces Satan. They run at each other. ManBearPig leaps onto a car and swipes at Satan, sending him to the ground. The impact sets off car alarms. Satan gets up and turns around. They run at each other again. ManBearPig throws Satan into a building, but Satan bounces right back. They grapple for a few seconds, but ManBearPig grabs Satan's left horn and rips it off] Aaaargh!!! [ManBearPig drives the horn into Satan's chest] Aaaaarch!!! [ManBearPig grabs Satan and throws him to the ground, then punches him a few times. ManBearPig delivers one last left hook and runs away. Satan coughs as townspeople gather around. The boys run up just in time to see him die]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Satan!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,[weakly] H-hey. Hey kids. [coughs] I'm sorry.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[he and the other boys are starting to tear up] No. Satan, you can't die."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"Everyone dies. I just wish I could have helped you. [coughs again] Oh God, it hurts."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"We can't do this without you, Satan."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,You have to. You have to keep trying.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"If you can't stop ManBearPig, how can we be-??"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,You have to keep trying!! [coughs] You... have to believe. [grunts and then finally succumbs to his injuries]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(No...)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 3,Satan's dead. [a bell tolls]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Come back. Come back. [a light appears around Satan's body, and his spirit rises from it. As he rises to Heaven, a small bell tolls and he gets angel wings and a halo.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,[softly] Goodbye.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[tears streaming from his face] Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,A new show appears on TV
Nobody Got Cereal?,Hugh,"And now, on Park County Public access, ""Should We Start To Worry?"" with your host, Jim Kimble."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jim,"As our town continues to burn to the ground, Satan has been slaughtered and sent to Heaven. Should we start to worry? Joining me now, an expert on our county resources and preparedness, Alec Vaughn. Alec, should we start to worry?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Alec,"Jim, I think we should definitely consider starting to worry. Satan was one of the most powerful entities, supposedly, in the universe, and ManBearPig annihilated him like a bitch. I don't think we should waste any more time underestimating the importance of beginning to think about starting to worry."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jim,"Also joining us is the former Vice-President, Al Gore. Mr. Gore, do you think it's time for us to deliberate the process of starting to worry?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"If by worrying you mean getting cereal, then an empathic ""YES."""
Nobody Got Cereal?,Guest,I don't think there's any more room for not considering underestimating the importance of beginning to start the process of mulling over the conceptualization of starting to worry. And the time to do it is... very soon.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"[walks behind the host's chair] Hey, what are you doing?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,I'm being a spiritual mentor. These people are depending on me.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"No, they're depending on me! I'm depending on you, goofball!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, exterior, night. Two mangled bodies lay on the sidewalk as a flaming car with people screaming inside rolls by. Faint sirens are heard nearby"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, 4th grade classroom. Kyle looks down from a classroom window. Cartman and Kenny sit at their desks in the empty classroom."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[leaves the window] All right, looks like we're clear."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"I can't believe it's the weekend, and I'm at school!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,This is the best place to hide.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Why? Of all the places we could hide, why do I have to sit here in school?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Where's the last place anyone would think we would hide? The scene of our supposed crime, dummies! We're safe here."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,I'd rather be in jail than at school. [the doorknob sounds]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(Oh shit!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[opens the door and looks in] Guys? Guys!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Stan!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Guys, thank God! Just stay right there, Grandpa! [Marvin sits in his wheelchair in the middle of the school hallway, looking bitter] I know all about the deal. I know what we have to do."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,How'd you find us here?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,I figured you guys would be hiding somewhere. This is the first place I thought to look.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,[arms folded] (Uh huh!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Yeah, I guess we're dummies, huh Kenny?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,"(Yeah, I guess we're dummies.)"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Guys, listen: my stupid grandpa and a bunch of other old people made the deal with ManBearPig. It's here because of their greediness."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,[from the hallway] Everyone's greedy!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Shut up, Grandpa! I know where to go, but I need your help. I'm going to face ManBearPig and put an end to this deal."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Are you crazy? We just saw ManBearPig take down Satan. What the hell are we supposed to do against it?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,We have to try. [police sirens are heard approaching]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,Attention school shooters... again. [the boys head to the window and look out through it]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, exterior, night. A group of armed SPPD officers stand outside the school. A few townspeople stop to observe."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,We have you surrounded... again. Come out with your hands up!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,[Looking at Kyle who is peaking through the window blinds] We just sat in school... for nothing!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front entrance, night. A spotlight is pointed to the front entrance doors. The boys soon come out with Marvin"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Listen! We know what to do now!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,Drop to the ground and put your hands on your heads!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,No! I need to face ManBearPig!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,We have orders! You're coming with us!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Belay those orders! [the officers look left. Yates approaches the boys and Marvin. He then paces back and forth in front of the spotlight.] I've been a fool, denying ManBearPig's existence, and I didn't realize it till I went home. My wife... had started a new life without me.. I wanted to give up, but instead, I robbed a bank at St. Denis and a went to an island north of Cuba. [the townspeople look at each other] After I came back, that's when it all caught up with me. All the stagecoaches I had robbed, all the horses I had stole, for what?! [the police officers are shown listening to Yates] We're nothing if we don't believe in each other! And Goddamnit, it's never too late to start trying to do the right thing. You think you know what that is, boys?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Yes I do. We're going to face ManBearPig and put an end to this deal once and for all.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"A courtroom office, day. A lawyer has paperwork set out for the boys to sign"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"Okay, [lifts up some pages in the packet and highlights some lines] sign here and here. [hands the paperwork to Stan] These documents state merely that you've been granted power of attorney by your town and that you wish to attempt to void the current agreement."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,'Kay.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"Since this is a renegotiation, [highlights more text on another set of documents] you agree that ManBearPig has right to compensation for termination, and you will give up all rights to specified assets. [hands the paperwork to Stan]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Yes. Yes, we agree to give back cars and ice cream. [ManBearPig grumbles off screen]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"Uh, let me confer with my client. [ManBearPig is now shown sitting next to the lawyer, wearing a business suit and grunts quietly] Uh huh. Got it. Yes. My client says that he- [ManBearPig grunts quietly] 'Kay. [ManBearPig grunts some more] Uh, mm-hmm. ManBearPig has no interest in you giving up cars and ice cream."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Well, what's he want everyone to give up?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Park County Courthouse, exterior, day. A large crowd awaits the results of the negotiation"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 4,There! There he is! There he is!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 5,Is it over?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"[speaking from an open window on the upper floor] Um, he says he'll never come back again, but... we have to give up soy sauce and Red Dead Redemption 2."
Nobody Got Cereal?,All,...Ohhhhh.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 6,...Just plain rice?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"...Yeah, that's what I thought. [goes back to the table] Um, could we possibly talk about restructuring a new deal?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,[off screen] Uh huh! Uh huh! [sitting at the edge of the table]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"No, no. Just like, um, can we do, like, a renegotiation?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"All right, sign here and here [lifts up some of the pages on a new set of documents and highlights some text] that you are entering a renegotiation with ManBearPig. [hands the paperwork to Stan]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Where do I sign that?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,Right there.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Okay.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Yeah, I thought so. [the camera zooms out to show a wider angle of the room]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Shut up, Grandpa!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Park County Courthouse, exterior, day. the camera continues to zoom out and shows more of the crowd waiting outside while the parties continue to negotiate off screen."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,And sign here that ManBearPig has rights to the lives of all the children in Third World countries.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"'Key, got it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"And you agree to ignore ManBearPig until he returns in five years, in which time the carnage will be a thousand-fold."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"'Kay, where do I sign that?"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A very blurry image appears onscreen, but it begins to sharpen ever so slowly... It's Cartman, thinking back over the season's events."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"I don't know where to start. First, it was all the school shootings, then these Wi-Fi scooters showed up, and now we know that ManBearPig is real and we could all be dead in a matter of years."
Buddha Box,Doctor,[slowly] And you believe this all relates somehow to the movie Black Panther not being as good as everyone says it was?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"I know there's a connection. But that isn't what matters. I can't deal with people anymore. It's just... everyone sucks so hard, you know? Everybody is so stupid. And they all walk around going ""Nya na chai cha nyachacha chai cha."" And the only thing that makes me happy, the only thing I can trust... is this. [holds up his phone] But... all people do is try to keep me from it. [memories show up onscreen.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Cartman's Bedroom. He is reclining back with his legs on top of his computer desk, smiling...while playing with his phone. Liane stops by and opens the door."
Buddha Box,Cartman,I'll be in my room and my mom will come in and say...
Buddha Box,Liane,"[Cartman imitates her]""Eric, that's enough time on your phone!"" [she leaves as Cartman frowns, then lowers his eyelids]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, forth grade classroom. Cartman is on his phone again, smiling, while Mrs. Nelson has some multiplication problems written on the chalkboard."
Buddha Box,Cartman,And then at school...
Buddha Box,Mrs. Nelson,"[Cartman imitates her] ""Eric!"" [he stops looking at his phone as Mrs. Nelson addresses him] ""What are you doing? You can't use your phone at school!"" [Cartman begins to frown again]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground. Some of the forth grade boys are playing football and trying to block each other. Cartman is on his phone again, smiling and holding the football, with his back turned towards the game."
Buddha Box,Cartman,And even my friends. My own friends! They'll be like...
Buddha Box,Stan,"[Cartman imitates him] ""Hey Cartman! Throw us the ball. You're the goddamn quarterback!"" [Cartman droops]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,Doctor's office. Cartman is back on the chair.
Buddha Box,Cartman,"It's like, everybody needs something from me. All I want is a little time with my phone instead of always listening to people's needy bullshit. [a second or two of silence, then Cartman looks over and sees the doctor playing with his own phone.]"
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Oh ahh, d'ya, sorry. Just... [puts his phone away] Uh, well, you know, young people have so much to deal with today. I believe that what you have is... anxiety."
Buddha Box,Cartman,Anxiety? Is that cool?
Buddha Box,Doctor,"It's pretty common these days. What it really is, more than anything is an excuse to be lazy and lame to everyone around you."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[sits up] Oh my God, that's perfect!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. He's playing on his smartphone when a call comes in on the school's intercom"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm busy. [the intercom beeps again]
Buddha Box,Ms. Blaze,Mr. Principal?
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm busy doing stuff! [beep] What?!
Buddha Box,Ms. Blaze,The vice principal needs to speak with you. She says it's urgent. [PC Principal sighs]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,The Vice Principal's office. PC Principal arrives there looking around
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,"[surprising him] Oh, PC Principal!"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Uh-uh yes?
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,Are you going in to see the vice principal? I really need to speak with her.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Uh yeah, we just uh, we're having an important scheduling to go over."
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,"Everything is okay with you two? There's no more ""inappropriate behavior""? You know, as a counselor, I'm here to-"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"That's in the past, Mackey! We've paid our dues, and we're not hiding anything anymore."
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,"Mmm-m'kay. [turns left and continues on his way. PC Principal turns around and opens the door, then goes in]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Vice Principal's office, inside. The office is a nursery and the PC babies are throwing stuff around and crying."
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[frustrated] I could use a little help here!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,What's going on??
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Riley said a word her sister felt was insensitive to Muslims. Now they're all upset.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"All right, what word did you use, Riley?!"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"She just said ""Aba daba."""
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Look, can't we put them in a daycare?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"Oh, yeah. That would be really smart. If anybody sees them, they're gonna figure out you're the father."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Well maybe they won't!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"You wanna risk that? The babies have to stay hidden because if people know the truth, then you're not PC and I'm not strong! [she leaves the office, looking both ways before closing the door]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A restaurant, day. Cartman is at a table waiting for service, but also on his phone tapping away"
Buddha Box,Waiter,"[arrives, smiling] All right, can I take your order? [Cartman ignores him until he speaks again] Excuse me. [Cartman puts his hand up for a moment] What would you like, sir?"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Just a God- can you wait?! Isn't that your job?! Aren't you a wait-er?! [the waiter walks away, eyeing him. Cartman starts a video game. The noise from the game eventually catches the attention of a nearby diner]"
Buddha Box,Diner,"Hey, could you turn your phone down, kid? This is a restaurant."
Buddha Box,Cartman,It just so happens I have anxiety! That means I have trouble being around assholes who won't leave me alone! [leaves his chair]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The streets downtown. Cartman walks down a sidewalk when a cyclist whizzes past him and rings the bike's bell. He looks but lets it go and continues walking. He crosses an intersection. He then approaches Tele's, where the owner is sweeping the front entrance and then notices Cartman."
Buddha Box,Tele's owner,"Oh, hello, Eric."
Buddha Box,Cartman,Shut up. I have anxiety. [approaches another intersection when an elderly man tries to get his attention]
Buddha Box,Pedestrian,Hey kid! [Cartman is visibly annoyed] Hey kid!
Buddha Box,Cartman,[turns around and yells out in anger] I'm on my phone!!
Buddha Box,Pedestrian,You're about to get hit by a car! [a car goes by behind Cartman]
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[just angered] All right, that's it! Everyone stop! Just fucking stop right now! [traffic stops moving and everyone stops to listen] Listen up, people! I have anxiety! That means I'm in my shell and have a hard time expressing myself! I find it difficult to engage with others! So everyone shut the fuck up because my anxiety is up here right now!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,A commercial. Zen music plays as the camera pans down to a Buddha statue in a garden complete with waterfall
Buddha Box,Announcer,We live in a world of many distractions. It's hard to find peace.
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A woman sits alone on a park bench on a sidewalk, looking at her phone. She then notices people all around her are looking at their phones as well"
Buddha Box,Announcer,"In the hustle and bustle of modern times, we've lost the one thing we all need. [The scene freezes with the woman now smiling and the caption, ""More quality one-on-one time with our phone"" appears next to her]. More quality one-on-one time with our phone."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A blonde female pulls up a cardboard box from the bottom of the screen and holds it up, revealing it to be the Buddha Box."
Buddha Box,Announcer,"But now you can have it with Buddha Box. [a cardboard box with a ""DO NOT DISTURB"" sticker on the front, a drawing of Buddha above the product name ""Buddha Box"" and an antenna on the side. The woman proceeds to put it over her head] Simply fit the patented box on your head and set its Bluetooth to your mobile device."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A 3D rendered model of the Buddha Box with its internal workings is shown, along with the captions ""FRONT PROJECTION 4K SCREEN"", ""CELLULAR ANTENNA"" and ""NOISE CANCELLING HEADPHONES"""
Buddha Box,Announcer,"Inside Buddha Box, your phone is projected two inches from your face, and the noise-canceling headphones let you hear your phone without any outside noise, giving you peace from..."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Inside a car that is stuck in traffic, an Uber driver is talking non-stop while a businessman in the backseat is visibly annoyed."
Buddha Box,Announcer,That annoying Uber driver who wants to talk. [the businessman puts the Buddha Box over his head while the driver doesn't seem notice.]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,A business office. A female office worker is at her cubicle and using her smartphone. A male co-worker starts to approach her.
Buddha Box,Announcer,"Those people at work who act like they need stuff. [As the co-worker is about to speak to her, she notices and immediately puts the Buddha Box over head and goes back to her phone]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A living room. A blonde male turns and looks into the camera as his three kids run around the room, playing with toy swords and a rocket and then jump on the couch."
Buddha Box,Man,"I want to be enlightened, like the Buddha, but I've got these fucking kids."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A family dining room. The blonde male has the Buddha Box over his head and plays with his phone, while his wife desperately tries to calm the kids down."
Buddha Box,Announcer,"Let Buddha Box take you to a place of peace and serenity, [the man is transported from the dining room to a heavenly atmosphere, floating above the clouds...while still looking at his phone] where you can have quality, uninterrupted time with your phone."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,A bedroom. A woman is sitting on her bed and removes the Buddha Box from her head.
Buddha Box,Woman,"I was stressed out and feeling anxious. After just 8 to 10 hours in Buddha Box, I feel refreshed and ready to take on anything."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,The woman's husband appears by the door and leans in to talk to her.
Buddha Box,Husband,"Babe, can you please come say hi to my mother while she's here? [she just reaches over and drops the Buddha Box on her head and picks up her phone]"
Buddha Box,Announcer,"[The Buddha Box is shown rotating as it approaches the center of the screen] Order Buddha Box today and you too can have that quiet, quality time with your phone. Like... the Buddha. [The Buddha Box logo is shown. Suddenly it has a Buddha Box over its head and a phone in its hands]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman stands in the hallway with his Buddha Box on. Kevin walks past him, staring. Kyle and Stan walk around the corner and stop when they reach him"
Buddha Box,Kyle,What the hell is that?
Buddha Box,Stan,I think it's Cartman.
Buddha Box,Kyle,What is it doing?
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Inside the Buddha Box. A close up of Cartman's face is shown, along with reflections from his iPhone screen, though they are all reversed."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[out loud, but the Buddha Box is soundproof, so no one else can hear him] Ha! That's so sweet! [A Youtube page with an image of a guy covered in pasta titled ""Guy hit by pasta!"" and has 67,453 views] That video seriously made me laugh! [closes the app and returns to the iPhone home screen] Let me check my e-mail again! [opens an email app] Oh man, nothing from Lorenz yet? Whatever. Weak.[returns to the iPhone home screen] Oh! I gotta see that post from Clyde again! [goes and opens Instagram. A post from ""ClydeTheMan"" is shown, with a selfie of Clyde smugly looking into the camera. Behind him is Butters, who appears to be unconscious and laying on his back out on the sidewalk. It has the caption, ""Guess who I found? #dead"" and 110 likes. Kyle and Stan stay by Cartman until the bell rings, then they go to class.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The boys bathroom. Craig is at the urinal. Somehow, Cartman makes his way inside and wanders over to the urinals. He stands right next to Craig and drops through."
Buddha Box,Craig,"Dude! [Cartman bumps into him] Dude, what the hell are you doing?!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,What? What? Who is that?
Buddha Box,Craig,Get off of me!!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[raises his Buddha Box] Oh, sorry Craig. Didn't see you there."
Buddha Box,Craig,"Yeah, 'cause you got a stupid box on your head! [finishes up, zips up his pants, and flushes the urinal, then walks away]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh, there's nothing stupid about it. Don't you wish you had a way to deal with your anxiety?"
Buddha Box,Craig,"[stops, then turns around] My anxiety?"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"I see it in you, Craig. With your parents and relationships? Imagine being able to shut them out for a little while, Craig, so you can focus on what matters. With Buddha Box you can cut out all the unwanted noise. Not have to deal with conversations that are of no interest to you."
Buddha Box,Craig,"Well, I have to admit: sometimes, when me and Tweek are together it's... it's like he wants my atten- [Thump. Cartman has lowered his Buddha Box over his head. Craig turns around, dismayed, and walks out. Cartman turns left and steps up to the urinal]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Fourth Grade classroom, day. The bell rings and Mrs. Nelson walks up to the chalkboard to erase the multiplication problems that were there"
Buddha Box,Ms. Nelson,"All right, children, we have a lot to go over for today's quiz. Who can tell me where we left off? [turns around and notices Cartman wearing his Buddha Box] Eric. [no reaction] Eric Cartman."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Inside the Buddha Box. A close up of Cartman's face is shown, along with reflections from his iPhone screen, though they are all reversed."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[looking at the website, ""Thrown Tomatoes"", with a picture and reviews for the movie ""Creed II""] Thirty-four million dollars box office? How the hell does Creed II do $34 million opening weekend? [begins to flip through his apps] What's the weather like tomorrow? [The weather forecast screen shows it is 22 degrees and sunny in South Park] Oh, it's snowing? I gotta tell Lorenz. I- [as he attempts to access the email app, the Box comes off his head, and the light blinds his eyes] Whoa, whoa! Hey!"
Buddha Box,Mrs. Nelson,[holding Cartman's Buddha Box] What do you think you're doing?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Excuse me, that's my Buddha Box."
Buddha Box,Ms. Nelson,You aren't using this during class time.
Buddha Box,Cartman,"It relaxes me. Ask my therapist. I have anxiety, you dumb bitch! [Mrs. Nelson and the rest of the class gasp at his remark]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Principal's office. Cartman has earned a trip there for calling his teacher a ""dumb bitch"""
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"I don't know what makes you think you're different from everyone else, but nobody gets away with slandering teachers at this school!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[to his phone] Uhuh. Aw man, that looks, that looks sweet."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Hey! [no reaction] HEY! [Cartman peeks out from under the box, then looks at PC Principal]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh, PC Principal. Hello."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Just what do you think you're doing?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[as Zen music plays] I'm letting go of stress and being calm, like the Buddha."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,There are no boxes on your head in school!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Hey. Whoa man, what's going on? Are you suffering from anxiety?"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,What are you talking about?
Buddha Box,Cartman,It's okay. I have it too. Anxiety is very real. But there is help for people like us.
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Strong Woman's living room, day. The PC Babies have taken over it and are causing damage as PC Principal sits on the sofa wearing a Buddha Box. Strong Woman comes in and surveys the damage"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,What the fuck are you doing?! [walks up and removes the Box from his head] Hey! What the fuck are you doing?!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Oh hey, I just needed to answer a couple of e-mails really fast."
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,With a box on your head?!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"I got one for you, too. [gets off the sofa and gets it to show her] It's Buddha Box. [no reaction] Look, you and I have been having a lot of problems. Clearly, what we both need is more quality one-on-one time with our phones."
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I don't need a box on my head to use the phone!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm sorry! [takes the box to the sofa and dumps it there] I was trying to be helpful! [gets his Buddha Box and leaves. One of the girls tries to pull a rabbit away from one of her brothers]
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"All right, Riley. Give that back to your brother. [the brother chases Riley. Another brother goes to an end table and pulls the lamp off it, breaking the light bulb] Bailey, no! [a third brother sees some paper wads and begins to chew on one of them] Harper, don't! Har-per! [picks up her phone and starts using it. Then she looks at the Buddha Box and puts it on her head. The babies stop crying and begin to crawl or walk away. They pass by the restroom. Riley stops to open the door to show PC Principal on the toilet, and Harper looks on. They then move out]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Montage. The babies leave the house and wander the town. Bailey sits on a mailbox drop slot. Riley slides off the hood of a car. Harper somehow got on the roof of a building. The other sister walks out of a shop. The kids then take a submarine and ride it in an aquarium with fish and an octopus in it. They study some restrooms and cry over the ""Male Only"" and ""Female Only"" designations. Then, they are shown flying upward into the sky with a rainbow behind them. Next, they're in a children's library as the librarian brings out ""The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"" from the American Classics shelf. The babies cry again. Finally the PC Babies logo comes up"
Buddha Box,All,PC Babies
Buddha Box,Lead Singer,They're comin' to your town
Buddha Box,All,PC Babies
Buddha Box,Lead Singer,The wokest kids around When there's something problematic They're sure to let you know. Making things fun and gender-neutral
Buddha Box,All,"Everywhere they go They're everybody's fave-sies They're PC babies, yeah!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Micro Brew, day."
Buddha Box,Patron 1,Hey Mike. What's that you're drinking?
Buddha Box,Mike,"This? Oh, it's a Cosmopolitan. I know, I know, it's a pussy drink. [some babies are heard crying.]"
Buddha Box,Patron 2,"[leans in a bit to say] Hey, be careful, guys. There are some PC babies over there. [the three gents approach the babies.]"
Buddha Box,Mike,"Oh great. Come on, I didn't mean pussy drink as in female genitalia. [the babies don't stop] Okay, I'm sorry! I'll order a Black Russian! [babies cry harder]"
Buddha Box,Barkeep,"Hey, what's all that racket down there?!"
Buddha Box,Patron 1,"Oh, there's some PC babies upset about certain drink descriptions."
Buddha Box,Barkeep,"Fine, we'll take them off the menu."
Buddha Box,Patron 1,Who's makin' a difference? Who's the future? [this brightens the babies' moods as they start to giggle.]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A soccer field, day. The South Park Cows are facing a visiting team. Kyle and Stan kick the ball back and forth until a visiting player intercepts it and drives toward the Cows' net."
Buddha Box,Kyle,"Here it comes! Block it! [the player kicks the ball towards the net. Cartman stands there oblivious that there's a game going on. The ball goes cleanly into the net. The player smiles as the whistle blows.] What the fuck, dude?!"
Buddha Box,Token,"What is your goddamn problem?! [he, Kyle, and Stan move towards him]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,[lifts up his Box] What's going on?
Buddha Box,Kyle,"They just scored again, you fat fuck!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry! I'm sorry I'm dealing with my anxiety! Do you know how hard it is for people with my condition to come out and even do things like this?! Living with anxiety is awful, huh Craig? [Craig is shown wearing a Buddha Box]"
Buddha Box,Kyle,"Can we get another goalie, please?!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh yeah! Sure! Yeah, because people with anxiety shouldn't be allowed to play sports! Right, Kyle?! [A Buddha Box sits on Cartman's head.] You know, our world is dark and scary enough without people like you making us feel inferior. [drops his Box over his head again, but lifts it up really quickly.] Asshole! [back down the Box goes]"
Buddha Box,Token,"Fuck this! [walks off angrily] My parents didn't come here to see their son lose by 20 points! Come on, Dad. Let's go! [his anger vanishes] Dad? [Steve Black and a few other parents in the stands are wearing their own Buddha Box]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Downtown, day. PC Principal drives Strong Woman through town searching for the babies"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,River?? Bailey?! Emory?!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,It's okay. We're gonna find them.
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I can't believe you were on your phone!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,You were on your phone too!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,It was my time to be on the phone! You were on yours all morning!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,You're seriously gonna make this all my fault?!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Yes!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Because last time I checked, you didn't even want me around as a partner to the PC Babies, even though I-"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"[rolls her eyes] Oh God, I'm not doing this again."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Even though you need me to do shit for you every [Strong Woman drops her Box over her head] 10 fuckin' minutes! You don't get to just say whatever you- [notices she's no longer listening] Oh. Okay, cool. Fine with me! I'm the one who has a fuckin' problem on their fuckin' phone! [looks at the scenery for a few seconds] You know, usually, I'm afraid to tell you what I really think, but you wanna know something? [looks over] You wanna- you wanna know what I really think? [at no point did Strong Woman remove her Box, and he just drops it.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Park County Recreation Center, day. The doctor is seated with several couples who need help - Tweek and Craig, Liane and Cartman, Ryan and Sarah, Token and Steve. Craig, Cartman, Sarah, and Steve are wearing Buddha Boxes"
Buddha Box,Doctor,Anxiety can make you feel unable to cope. But living with someone who has anxiety can be a bit of a roller coaster as well. We have to support our loved ones with their anxiety and try to understand their illness.
Buddha Box,Tweek,I just feel that Craig has changed so much lately! He barely even talks to me anymore!
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Well, because his anxiety make him feel like anything he says might sound wrong. That's why we must nurture our loved ones, so they feel safe."
Buddha Box,Liane,"Eric, I just feel like you have so much to offer the world, and it kills me that you're so afraid to let your inner you shine."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[talking to his Buddha Box] Heh heh, that guy's such a douche. What was that... what was that one show he was on?"
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Maybe you, you wanna text him that? [Liane picks up her phone and sends Cartman a message]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh yeah, that's it. B.J. and the Bear. That show was so dumb. What kind of monkey was that, anyway? What was that- what was that monkey he always had- Wait. What the? What the hell is this? Oh God damnit. [lifts up his Box] Mom, will you stop texting me? I'm trying to relax!"
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Look, we're all just trying to understand this condition, and it's like you're not listening!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,We're doing everything we can to keep our anxiety under control! Do you think I even wanna be here right now?! I am freaking out!
Buddha Box,Token,Can we go now?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[to his Buddha Box] Heheh, yeah. That's pretty cool."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A construction site, day. The workers sit around until the foreman walks up"
Buddha Box,Foreman,"Hey! Hey, what's goin' on here?! Why aren't you people workin'?!"
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,"We can't keep buildin', sir. We got a bunch of protesters who won't let us work."
Buddha Box,Foreman,Protesters? Who?
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,"Ah, it's just a bunch of PC babies who think building this thing is wrong. [leads the foreman to the babies, who are all crying]"
Buddha Box,Foreman,"All right, all right! What do you PC babies want? [the crying continues]"
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,I guess they're upset because the new viaduct is being financed by a state rather than a county institution.
Buddha Box,Foreman,"Aw, come on PC Babies! Why does that matter?! [the crying continues]"
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,"I guess the state refused to finance a proposed program on race-relation education, an they see it as hypocritical."
Buddha Box,Foreman,"God damnit, not everyone cares about race-relation programs! Come on, PC Babies! We got a job to do! [the babies aren't budging and continue to cry]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. One officer walks around with a Buddha Box on his head while a desk officer talks to PC Principal and Strong Woman
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"All right, all right, just calm down, lady! You want to file a missing persons report?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"No! No, we don't want to file anything specific. We just need help finding some PC babies."
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,PC babies? They usually hang out at the liberal arts colleges. You could find some there.
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"Nono, it's five specific PC babies."
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"Tony, wasn't there a report of some PC babies down at the Mexican border?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"No! No, these PC babies wouldn't have gotten that far! They can barely walk. I'm their mother."
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"Hokay, okay. Last name?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Woman.
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,First name?
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[with a breaking voice] Strong.
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"Okay, and you're the father?"
Buddha Box,Both,NO!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm her superior at work!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Don't be ridiculous!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,You think I took advantage of my position?!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I'm not some two-bit floozy who goes around sleeping with her boss! I am a strong woman! Those kids were born naturally by in-vitro fertilization. [they begin to talk over]
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"I'm not Harvey Weinstein, all right?! I have nothing but respect for females at my workplace, and I would never compromise that position!"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"We'll uh, see what we can do. In the meantime you'll just have to take a seat and wait. [they go and find two seats next to a man wearing a Buddha Box. They look around, find some Buddha Boxes on the floor, and put them on.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Water Park, day. A line of people awaits a ride down a water slide called ""Hyperbowl"". At the head of the line now are Cartman, Kyle, and Stan. Cartman has his Buddha Box on and isn't getting on the slide"
Buddha Box,Kyle,Go! [no reaction] GO! [thumps the Box to get Cartman's attention]
Buddha Box,Cartman,What do you want?
Buddha Box,Kyle,Go down the slide or get out of the way!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"You think I even want to be here, Kyle?! My therapist told me I need to force myself to go out and do things to overcome my anxiety!"
Buddha Box,Kyle,"[to a nearby lifeguard] Can we move him, please?! [the lifeguard is revealed to be wearing a Buddha Box]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh! Oh, I see! People with anxiety shouldn't be allowed at water parks. Is that it, Kyle? [jumps out of line] Hey everybody! Just so you know, Kyle thinks people with anxiety should just stay home! Yeah! I'm trying to come out of my shell, but Dr. Kyle here is just worried about his place in line."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's New York Splash, later. Cartman is sunning himself on a towel poolside with his Buddha Box."
Buddha Box,Kyle,[approaching] Get! Off! My! Towel! [knocks the Buddha Box off Cartman's head] Get off my towel!
Buddha Box,Cartman,God damnit! I seriously can't get a minute of peace! [goes to flip his Box upright as Kyle folds the towel up] Why is it that people who don't have a Buddha Box are always flipping Buddha Boxes off the heads of people with anxiety?!
Buddha Box,Kyle,"[Stan, Clyde, and Token look on] I got news for you, Cartman! Everyone has anxiety! Everyone gets nervous! Everyone is afraid being around people! Everyone has feelings they'd rather stay home alone! And you know what they do? They get over it. And they stop being a piece of shit!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,[subdued] Everyone has anxiety?
Buddha Box,Kyle,Yes!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh my God. I know what I have to do now. Yo-you're right, Kyle! You're right! [hurries away]"
Buddha Box,Kyle,What? No. No! What did I just do?
Buddha Box,Stan,"Should have just let him be on his phone, dude."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Spinny Mountain Records, day"
Buddha Box,Record Producer,"You know what the kids like today? They like music that matters! I think you guys got what it takes to be the next big thing! The PC Babies! [the babies cry] That's what I'm talkin' about! That stuff is raw! Everyone loves you, PC Babies! We're gonna make you famous!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The recording booth, moment later."
Buddha Box,Bruce,"All right, PC Babies, let's hear what you got. [Music plays as the babies start thrashing about and cry. Riley's on drums, Bailey's on banjo, Harper's on the piano, River is on the triangle, and Emory is on the xylophone. After a few seconds of recording, Bruce and the record producer hi-five each other.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Police Station, day. The desk officer is writing on a clipboard while listening to the radio"
Buddha Box,DJ,"All right, South Park, and now here's that special treat we told you about. Live with us in the studio is a hot new band: The PC Babies. They're gonna perform their new song, which is about the injustice of white people in dreadlocks. It's called ""Weeaaagh."" [the song recorded earlier plays. The desk officers starts to move his head and snap his fingers to the music. Strong Woman and PC Principal eventually notice]"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[raises her Buddha Box] Riley?
Buddha Box,PC Principal,[raises his Buddha Box] Tha-that's Bailey!
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,[continues moving his head and snapping his fingers] It's the PC Babies. Guess they're all the rage now.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Cone on! [the couple bolts from their chairs]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Mayor's Office, day. Cartman is talking to the Mayor and her aides, now sporting a shaved head, wearing a bathrobe and towel like a Buddhist monk, with his Buddha Box beside him"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"To quiet one's mind, one must have a dialog with one's self. I have found enlightenment. But there are so many others who suffer. It's very important to take the time to shut out the outside world. In the Hindu religion, there's a saying, ""Namaste."" It means ""fuck you, I have anxiety."" At first I thought it was only a few of us, but then something was said to me by Kyle. He said ""Eric, my friend, everyone has anxiety."" I know what you're thinking: ""Fuck Kyle."" And normally I would agree with you, but hear his words. Everyone has anxiety. We must recognize this disease as an epidemic. Yes, fuck Kyle, but Mayor, we have to raise money to get everyone who has anxiety the tools they need to cope."
Buddha Box,Mayor McDaniels,And how do YOU think we get that money? How do YOU suggest we do this?
Buddha Box,Cartman,Namaste.
Buddha Box,Johnson,Na-ma-ste.
Buddha Box,Cartman,Fuck you too.
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"WXFU 88.3, day. The secretary has a Buddha Box on her head. The babies and the record producer step off the elevator and head towards the exit."
Buddha Box,Record Producer,"That was far out, PC Babies! You really rocked the airwaves! Now come on! We got a photo shoot at 5! [PC Principal and Strong Woman burst through the doors]"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Kids! [they run past the producer towards the kids.]
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,You're okay! Thank God!
Buddha Box,Record Producer,Who the hell are you??
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[her and PC Principal pick up the babies] I'm their... vice principal.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Yea, and ah-I'm their principal. We need to get these kids back to school."
Buddha Box,Record Producer,"You can't do that! These are the PC Babies! Don't you know how big they are?! In just one day they protested a bar, stopped construction of a problematic viaduct, and wrote a hit single about cultural appropriation!"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,They.... did all that?
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Oh my God. They had their first protests... and we missed it. We missed everything because... we were on our phones.
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"I've always used the phone as a way to deal with the stress of having babies nobody could know the truth about, but... it's only made it worse."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"You know what we have to do, right?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"Yeah, I think so."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, cafeteria, day. a PTA meeting is taking place"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"All right everyone, listen up. The vice principal and I have been discussing student health, and it's our firm belief that they need, and what we all need, is less time on our phones. [the attendees are shown, every last one of them in a Buddha Box tapping away on their phones.] Yes, yes I know it's an unpopular idea, but just hear me out, please. Our phones are the cause of stress, not the relief from it. We are banning phones and Buddha Boxes, and we suggest you all strictly limit their use at home as well. [continued constant tapping]"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[observing the room] I don't think anyone's listening to you.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Yeah... Nobody's listening. And nobody's watching. [puts down the microphone]
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I guess we can wait and ban the boxes tomorrow? [they kiss]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Montage. ""Today"" by Brad Paisley begins to play. While they kiss, people on the sidewalk in front of the school walk around wearing Buddha Boxes.PC Principal check to see if the coast is clear, then pulls Strong Woman and the five babies out. With everyone wearing Buddha Boxes, the family walks around town happy and free. Next they walk through Downtown. A man crosses the street and is struck by a car, flipping over it and landing on his stomach. Both driver and pedestrian are wearing Buddha Boxes. The parents just gather up the PC babies, knowing they're safe from harm. Next, they're having a picnic at the park. Next, they're in Aspen skiing down the bunny slope. One of the babies slips, and everyone else follows suit. Next, they walk past a fire pit in the lodge. Last scene is of the family eating at Buca de Fagoncini"
Buddha Box,Brad Paisley,You keep brushing that hair back out of your eyes And it just keeps falling and so do I I am feeling like the luckiest man alive Today And I don't know about tomorrow Right now the whole world feels right And the memory of a day like today Can get you through the rest of your life
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The Stotch garage, day. Butters is working on his bike, trying to make it stand out"
Unfulfilled,Butters,"Oh, boy! This is looking so great. [Stephen enters and takes a safety vest from the coat rack by the door] Hey, Dad! The big bike parade is this weekend. How's it look? First prize is $50!"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"[frustrated] What are you saying, that our family needs cash?! I'm busting my ass trying to make ends meet! You wanna go live with Kim Kardashian?! She's better than me 'cause she's got money?! Fuck you, son! [leaves and slams the door. Butters' smile stays]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The Stotch kitchen, moments later. Stephen enters and puts on the vest"
Unfulfilled,Linda,Butters really loves that bike parade.
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[frustrated] I don't need to be reminded every ten minutes that money's tight! [Linda puts her hands together and looks down. He sighs] I'm sorry. It's just this new job. It can be such a grind.
Unfulfilled,Linda,[consoles him] You work too hard at that place.
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[takes Linda's hands and holds them] Kids these days just don't understand how much their parents break their back to provide.
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,"[from outside] Come on, Stotch! [Stephen goes to the front door and opens it]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Stotch Residence, exterior. Outside, the gruff worker stands in front of a copper colored sedan, along with Stuart McCorrmick and one of the town rednecks. All three are wearing safety vests."
Unfulfilled,Stuart,You're drivin' carpool today or not?
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,Gotta get down factory before the bell!
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"[he briefly holds Linda's hand before leaving] Goodbye, Linda."
Unfulfilled,Linda,Don't let that place work you to death.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Montage, set to ""Sixteen Tons"" by Tennessee Ernie Ford. The four men drive to their new jobs - at the Amazon Fulfillment Center. All workers drive through checkpoints and then park. They go through turnstiles that only turn one way. The scenes then focus on Stephen, who's shown lifting boxes onto a waiting cart. Other scenes show other parts of packaging that Stephen is performing. Then they show him and other employees eating lunch at the cafeteria. Stephen has earphones on while eating his lunch and then subscribes to Amazon Prime music. Then scenes of automated robots working alongside the workers. A few hours more of this and Stuart goes home for the day. He pulls up to his driveway and brings Butters some things from Amazon, including Amazon Prime TV. He then goes to the kitchen to give Linda a new hand blender. At bedtime, Linda looks at her phone while Stephen is at the computer ordering a desk lamp on Amazon. Next day, the whole thing starts over again. The four men carpool to work, Stephen is at a receiving workstation then the workday is filmed in time-lapse photographs. Most of that time, Stephen is shown standing in one place. Another scene shows the outgoing boxes being stamped with the shipping information, then being sorted to their destinations. Some packages are being sent through Amazon Prime Air, the new drone delivery service. The last scene shows Stephen driving onto his driveway and getting out just in time to see a drone deliver another package to his door. He picks it up and gives it to Butters in the garage. It's a new horn for his bicycle"
Unfulfilled,Tennessee Ernie Ford,"Some people say a man is made outta mud A poor man's made outta muscle and blood Muscle and blood and skin and bones A mind that's a-weak and a back that's strong You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store I was born one mornin' when the sun didn't shine I picked up my shovel and I walked to the mine I loaded sixteen tons of number nine coal And the straw boss said ""Well, a-bless my soul"" You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store I was born one mornin', it was drizzlin' rain Fightin' and trouble are my middle name I was raised in the canebrake by an ol' mama lion Can't no-a high-toned woman make me walk the line You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. Butters takes his bike out for a spin. It's got a new horn as well as reflective stars on the wheels, some playing cards sticking to a clothespin attached to the bike form."
Unfulfilled,Butters,"[joyfully] Yeah! Yippie! [Stan and friends sit on the curb. Butters honks his horn as he passes by] Hey, fellas, what'dya think? [Cartman, wearing his Buddha Box, lifts it up and looks]"
Unfulfilled,Stan,Think about what?
Unfulfilled,Butters,How my decorations are coming. The big bike parade is this weekend.
Unfulfilled,Cartman,Bike parade? That's so dumb.
Unfulfilled,Butters,"Well, you won't think it's dumb when I win first prize. I'm goin' all out this year. I'll finally beat Larry Zewiski."
Unfulfilled,Stan,"Dude, nobody cares about a stupid bike parade."
Unfulfilled,Larry,"Hey, Stotch! [everybody looks over. Larry's on a tricycle, which has several flags on it, with four rockets strapped to the rear wheels, and he's exuding confidence] You gettin' pumped for the big bike parade? [Cartman lifts up his Buddha Box and looks over] Yeah, I'm pretty excited, I guess."
Unfulfilled,Porsche,"Wow! Hey, nice bike, Larry."
Unfulfilled,Mercedes,Are you gonna be in the bike parade?
Unfulfilled,Larry,"Yeah, I'm thinkin' about it. [the boys just stare.] Come on, girls. I'll show you my blue ribbons. Later, Stotch. Sucka! [he and the girls leave]"
Unfulfilled,Butters,"[head lowered] Well, anyway... [looks at the boys] well, I'm gettin' some more things for my bike too. [lowers his head again] Um... I'll see ya, fellas. [walks away slowly. The boys watch him leave]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Amazon Fulfillment Center. In the main shopping area, Stephen shows the Tweeks the ropes"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"So this is where all the main boxing and transferring happens. I'm excited to have you guys working here at the fulfillment center, Mr. and Mrs. Tweek."
Unfulfilled,Richard,"We really didn't have a choice. Since the fulfillment center opened, me and my wife's coffee business has gone belly-up."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Yeah, people are ordering everything online these days. That's why you'll find a lot of familiar faces working here. [they walk by Mr. Slave, who's preparing boxes for packing. He waves to them before returning back to work] Everything's automated and timed to precision to get people's orders out to them as soon as possible. This is Josh, he'll be your section manager."
Unfulfilled,Josh,"Howdy, folks."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"In these warehouses, there are over one million items, from toothpaste to Go Karts, and it's the work of both humans and machines that make the work possible. [a bos-laden machine runs into Josh and carries him away screaming.] You'll get a message on your device which item to get, then get it to one of our loaders, and the machines do the rest. [an alarm goes off and red lights blink. Everyone stops what they're doing and looks around]"
Unfulfilled,Bearded Worker,We got another one!
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Josh! [Josh becomes a pinball among the machines and screams every time another machine carries him away. Stephen and the other workers run up to a chainlink fence] Hang on, Josh! [Josh is now in the conveyor system being knocked around like a package] Shut it down! Shut it down! [a beefy worker presses the emergency shut-off button, but it fails]"
Unfulfilled,Beefy Worker,"It's not shuttin' down. [a shipping label is stamped onto the crotch area on Josh's pants. He goes down a roller slide and stands up, at which point he's wrapped up in thin plastic sheets. He's then sent down a chute to a vat of plastic peanuts that whirls him around until he disappears into it.]"
Unfulfilled,Josh,Aaaarargargar!
