With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"[""Down with the Sickness"" by Disturbed starts playing] Students, I am going to beat the crap out of this kid to prove a point."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Hahaha, no- no dude. It can't talk, that isn't fair, I'll laugh too much. [the kids urge them to fight, and the match begins]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"Cartman gets Mr. Nelson ...in a half-Nelson, then picks him up, carries him around 360 degrees, then throws him off. Mr. Nelson gets under Cartman to pick him up and throw him over his back, but ends up just tickling Cartman, and Cartman laughs."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,The United State Senate. Randy is addressing the senators.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Senators, I know it is not normally considered ""American"" to ban words. [Randy is flanked by Fuhrman and Richards] But there is one slur that has caused so much damage that we believe it should finally be made illegal. I'm talking, of course, about the term ""ni**er guy""."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 1,"""Ni**er guy""?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Two words which by themselves can be harmless but which together... form a verbal missile of hate.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,Yeah! That's right!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Oh sure. Some people just use the term in jest - tell a ni**er guy joke or two thinking it's no big deal - but they don't realize it can lead to people using the term as an excuse for violence.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,[with his two friends] Goddamn ni**er guy's tryin' to be all political-like now!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Senators, I've learned to admit that I'm capable of having- slightly racist thoughts once in a while. Can anybody say they never do? How long will it be before you are all called ""ni**er guys""? [the senators are somewhat shocked]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 2,"Uhhh, hold on a second, are you suggesting that ""ni**er guy"" could become a slur that refers to all white people?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 3,I'm certainly not a ni**er guy. I've never thought a racist thought.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 4,"[black senator] Aw, come on, you're the biggest ni**er guy in Washington."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 1,"Mr. Marsh, we see now the importance of your bill. [raises his left hand] All those in favor to ban the term ""ni**er guy""?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Most Senators,Aye!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 1,Opposed?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 4,[a lone black senator] Nay?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 1,The motion is passed! [lowers the gavel.]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"Outside the Senate building, supporters of the bill celebrate with confetti and streamers. Randy walks out and across the lawn with Richards and Fuhrman."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,We did it!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Field reporter,"For the first time in American history, a word has been officially banned from use."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Senator 3,"From now on, if a person uses the word ""ni**er,"" it must be at least seven words away from the word ""guy."" [a group of black people is shown, not reacting in any way to the announcement. Everyone else continues cheering.]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Field reporter,"Tom, it appears that the ni**er guy epidemic is ove- [two police officers come and take him away] Oh dammit I said it, didn't I?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,Back at the community park Cartman and Mr. Nelson continue wrestling. Cartman has beat Mr. Nelson up pretty good and now has him pinned to the ground.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"AAAA! Ow! Ow! Okay! [Cartman punches him in the face a few times] Okay, you win!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Say ""Uncle!"""
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,Ung-cle!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Hahaha, now say ""Carol Anne, don't go into the light!"""
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"Carol Anne, don't go into the light!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Haaha, hahahahahaha! Oh man, that is hysterical! [Mr. Nelson rises and pummels him in the back of the head. Cartman falls forward] Oh!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,There! Now you all see that I am not limited by my size. [Cartman comes alive again and laughs] I have proven my point! My work here is done! [waddles away. The kids begin to disperse]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,What was his point?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kyle,I have no idea.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Dude, I don't get it."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kyle,I don't get it either.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,[comes to a certain realization] Wait a minute. That's it! I don't get it.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kyle,...Huh?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Don't you see, Kyle? I don't get it! [smiles, then walks up to Token] Token, I get it now. I don't get it. I've been trying to say that I understand how you feel, but, I'll never understand. I'll never really get how it feels for a black person to have somebody use the N word. I don't get it."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"Now you get it, Stan. [smiles]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,[smiles] Yeah. I totally don't get it.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"Thanks, dude."
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"A scrapbook shot of Butters sleeping, with a poo mustache on his face."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"This picture I like to call ""The Pierre"". I invited Butters to stay the night, and while he was sleeping I made a mustache on his face with cat poo. Hahahahaha. [the caption reads ""THE PIERRE 3/10/07."" Cartman flips the page. The pages are artsy in design] And this time, when Butters stayed the night, I put a tampon in his mouth. [Yep, the tampon is in there like a thermometer] I call this picture ""The Sleeping Menstrual"". [the caption is shown, Cartman flips the page. Kyle, Stan, and Kenny stand around him, looking at the pictures. They're all in Cartman's room.] This one, I call ""Hot Fudge Mondae"". [caresses the picture] I really like how the light plays with the background on this one."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Is this all you brought us here to see?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Oh no, there's much more. [flips the page] Let's see- Oh yes, look at this one: I call it ""New Moon Rising"". [a shot of Cartman hanging his ass over Butters' face] I did a whole study using my ass. [Cartman's ass over Butters' face from the left side] Here it is using some high-contrast stuff. [next, Cartman wearing darker pajamas, mooning Butters] trying out some... different light filters here. [last shot looks faded, with Cartman's ass directly on Butters' face.] But this is nothing compared to what I have planned. Because tonight... is going to be my coop de grass."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Butters is staying over tonight?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Yes. And tonight, while Butters is asleep, I am going to-"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[appears at Cartman's bedroom door] Hey, fellas! [Stan and Kenny turn around. Kyle looks over his left shoulder]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Heh! [quickly puts away his scrapbook] Oh, oh hey, Butters! [turns around and greets him] I wasn't expecting you so soon."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Yeah. [puts down his sleeping bag] I finished my chores so I came over a little early. [Cartman takes the sleeping bag and sets it aside. Butters notices the other guys] Hey! Are you guys all sleepin' over too?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[returns] No no, these guys were just leaving. [faces the other guys menacingly] Weren't you guys?"
Cartman Sucks,Stan,"Come on, let's go. [leads Kyle and Kenny out the door.]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"[stops] Wait, wai- I can't let this happen. [turns around] Butters."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Yeah Kyle?
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Don't you think it's a little strange that Cartman keeps asking you to stay over?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Kyyyle!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Uh what do you mean?
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"I mean, that if-"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"What he means is that he's jealous that you've taken his place as my new best friend! But grow up, Kyle! Change is a part of life."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Heh yeah, grow up, Kyle."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,[angered] Hrrugh! [leaves]
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"So what do you wanna do first, Eric? You wanna play a game or just chitchat for a while?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Well actually, Butters, I think we'd better hit the hay pretty soon."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"But, uh-ih-it's only 6:30."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Yeah, and I'm exhausted. If you are not sleepy yet, I have some more of that nighttime cold medicine you can drink."
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. The boys walk up to the bus stop. Cartman isn't with them."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[off screen] You guys! I got it! [runs in and joins them] It seriously! It's the greatest picture ever! Oh my God!
Cartman Sucks,Stan,What'cha do to Butters this time?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"It was genius! I waited 'til he was totally asleep, right? And then I got my camera, and I pulled down his pants, and then I took a picture of his wiener in my mouth! [cracks up at his own cleverness]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Dude!
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"I know I know, check it out, look. [the other three crowd in and look at the picture] I got his whole wiener in my mouth, see? Heheh. Oh man, I got him good!"
Cartman Sucks,Stan,"Dude, how is putting Butters' wiener in his mouth getting him?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Because that makes Butters gay now!
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"No dude, that makes you gay!"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Eh- ...what?
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"You put a guy's wiener in your mouth, that makes you gay, stupid!"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[looks more closely at the picture] Nuh uh.
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Yeah huh!
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Kenny, that doesn't make me gay, huh?"
Cartman Sucks,Kenny,"(Ehe, that makes you very fucking gay.)"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"But I'm not g-I'm not gay, you guys!"
Cartman Sucks,Stan,You are now.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"No, no, it was a stupid mistake!"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Doesn't matter. You're gay now.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"No, it was just for a second! [seeing that his plan has backfired, he puts the picture away] What, what can I do? How-how can I reverse this?"
Cartman Sucks,Stan,You can't!
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"No-no wait. I I know how you can reverse it, Cartman."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,How?
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,The only way you can cancel it out is to get Butters to put your wiener in his mouth.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[low voice] Really?
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Yeah. Then it cancels out the gay polarity.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[beat] ...Shit, I gotta find Butters! [runs off]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,[beat] ...Idiot.
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Butters' bedroom, several minutes later. Butters is playing with his toys - a car, a truck, and a small action figure."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[singing] Help me, I thinking I'm falling in love with you... [continues howling the tune]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[enters the room] Butters.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[stops playing and gets up] Whoa, hey Eric."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Butters, guess what? I have a surprise for you."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,[a little excited] A surprise? What is it?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,It's so fuckin' awesome. You're gonna be so stoked. It's the best surprise ever!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,[really excited] Oh boy!
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,You ready?
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Y-yeah!
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Okay! Just open your mouth and close your eyes and, and get on your knees!"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[closes his eyes, opens his mouth, and gets on his knees] Oh, okay! [Cartman grabs a handkerchief from his back pocket and makes a blindfold from it, then puts it on Butters]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Hang on a second here. [makes sure the blindfold is on snugly]
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"How come uh, I can't see?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"'Cause then it wouldn't be a surprise, would it? [rushes off to get the toybox]"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Oh uh, ho yeah."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[under his breath] All right, that's good. [undoes his pants] Okay, open your mouth, Butters? [lowers them and ...] That's good, just like that."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[wary all of a sudden] Hey. Hey wait a minute. This ain't a trick, is it? Why you're not gonna, eh stick something icky in my mouth, are ya?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"...I swear on my mother's life, Butters. I am not going to stick anything icky in your mouth. [lifts up his shirt to show his massive gut]"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Well okay!
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"All right, you ready? [grabs Butters' head and draws it closer to his own wiener] All right just- okay, open uh- okay, okay, here it comes. Just sit very still, okay? Here we go. [at that moment the door opens and Stephen enters.]"
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,Butters!
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Uh! [quickly gets dressed up]
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Whoa! Hey Dad! [Cartman steps down from the toy-box and runs away]
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,Butters! What are you doing?!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,I'm getting a surprise! [points to his mouth]
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"Oh my God! My, my only son, reduced to this! [takes off the blindfold]"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,[looks around] Hey. Where'd Eric go?
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"[quite concerned, on bended knee] Butters, how long have you been doing stuff like this?"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Like what?
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"Don't lie to me, Butters! I know your secret now! No wait, wait. It's okay. It's okay, Butters. This isn't a serious problem. You're just bi-curious."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,What's... bi-curious?
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"You are. Just harmless curiosity, and it doesn't mean anything. We just need to get you some help, Butters. [Linda appears at the doorway]"
Cartman Sucks,Linda,"What's going on, you two?"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Nothin' Mom, I'm just a little bi-curious. [smiles]"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"South Park Church, day. Butters and Stephen are in the rectory."
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"Father Maxi, I... just don't know where else to turn. You see, I've just learned that my son is... bi-curious."
Cartman Sucks,Father Maxi,"Is that true, son? Are you feeling... confused?"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"...Yeah, I'm pretty confused alright."
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,You see?
Cartman Sucks,Father Maxi,"Young man, These confused feelings that you're having are simply the Devil's way of trying to get a hold of you."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Really?
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"What can I do, Father?"
Cartman Sucks,Father Maxi,"There is a special camp where young men who are confused, like your son, can go and be cleansed by the power of God. Many bi-curious boys come out the camp completely cured."
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,A secluded camp where lots of bi-curious boys are all put together? That sounds like a good idea.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Whoa boy! Camp!
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Stan's living room. He, Kyle, and Kenny are playing a board game, Living. A door opens and closes, and Cartman appears."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Haahaahahaha! [crosses his arms] Very funny! I suppose you really think you got me!
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"What are you talking about, fatass?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[uncrosses his arms] I checked on the Internet, Kyyyle, and getting Butters to put my wiener in his mouth wouldn't make me not gay like you said!"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"You figured that out, huh?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[crosses his arms again as he turns away] That's right. And I also learned from the Internet that just because I put Butters' wiener in my mouth doesn't mean I'm gay! All I have to do is throw away the picture, forget it ever happened, and nobody will ever know. [pleased with himself]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Except for us.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Right, except for you."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,And all the people we tell.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[turns around] Why would you tell anybody?
Cartman Sucks,Stan,"Because it's really, really funny."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"...It's not that funny. There's lots, there's lots of things that are way funnier."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Like what?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Liiike... a tampon... in the school cafeteria... in, in somebody's lunch. [grins, but Stan and Kyle ignore him] Liiike, a, a dog crap... on, on a guy's face! [chuckles]"
Cartman Sucks,Stan,That isn't funny.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[angrily] Yes it is! Now you guys, I'm getting pissed off! You'd better not tell anybody!"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"Well, maybe we will, maybe we won't."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Fine! Whatever! You guys don't have any proof I put Butters' wiener in my mouth! It will be your word against mine! And we all know that everyone trusts me way more than you guys! [the other boys continue playing. Cartman changes tactics: he pleads] You guys, please don't tell anybody."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"Okay. We won't tell anybody as long as you are super nice to us, every day, from now on."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Oh right, like that's possible! Alright, fine! You know what I'm gonna do, Kyle?! I'm gonna go home, and photo shop the picture so that it is your face with Butters' wiener in his mouth here! And if ANY of you say anything to anybody, I'll simply show them the picture of Kyle. [turns around and cackles] Haha, hahahaha! [leaves the house]"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Camp New Grace entrance, night. Stephen pulls up with Butters, and some campers and camp staffers come out to greet them. Butters hops out of the passenger side, dressed in shirt and tie. Stephen goes to the trunk to bring out a suitcase."
Cartman Sucks,Leader,"Everyone, say hello to our new camper, Butters."
Cartman Sucks,Campers,Hi Butters. Hello. Hi. Hello Butters.
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,[brings the suitcase to an elder staffer] Thank you so much for taking him in.
Cartman Sucks,Director,Don't worry. Your son just needs to learn that he can be straight if he chooses to be.
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Camp New Grace interior, night. The camp director is showing Butters around."
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Do you know why you're here at camp, Butters?"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Because I'm bi-curious?
Cartman Sucks,Director,"That's right. Like all the campers here, you're confused, and you don't think there's a way out. But even though some people would have you believe you can't control how you feel, the truth is that with the power of Jesus Christ you can be normal. Now, just to make sure you don't slip up while in camp we assign every camper an accountabilibuddy. [they approach a room] Let's meet Ryan, your accountabilibuddy. [Room 22] Ryan thought he could never change. But now he's learning that with the power of Christ and prayer, he can have a whole new life. [the door opens, and a boy is shown hanging from a noose in the middle of his room. The stool and book he stood on are fallen on the floor. The director quickly closes the door and continues the tour] Over this way we have the cafeteria. All the meals are served there. [notices another boy in front of them] Uh Bradley! How about you be Butters' accountabilibuddy?"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"Humble yourselves therefore under God's mighty hand, that he may lift you up. - Peter 5:6"
Cartman Sucks,Director,Butters here is new to the camp. He's chosen to rid himself of his affliction and forge a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,I'm bi-curious.
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,Do not lie with a man as one lies with a woman: that is detestable. - Leviticus 18:22.
Cartman Sucks,Director,"That's right, Bradley. I think we're well on our way to being healed. [(a boy has hanged himself) whispers softly to a staffer as the staffer walks by] We've got another one: Room 22."
Cartman Sucks,Staffer,"Aw, darnit!"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Community park, dusk. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are taking turns shooting the basketball at the hoop. Stan shoots and misses"
Cartman Sucks,Stan,"Aw man, I've got H O R S now. [steps aside as Kenny receives the ball.]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"Okay, my turn. [Kenny gives him the ball and Kyle prepares to shoot. Cartman approaches the park behind him]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Where is it, you filthy Jew?!"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,[throws up the ball] Where's what?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[grabs Kyle by the collar and shakes him violently] You know God damned well what!
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Let go of me.
Cartman Sucks,Stan,"What the hell are you doing, Cartman?!"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"I went home to alter the picture of me with Butters' penis in my mouth to look like Kyle, but it was gone! [shakes Kyle again] What did you do with my picture?!"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Knock it off! I don't have your stupid picture.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[rolls up his sleeves] Give it back, Kyle!"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,I don't have it.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"I swear to God, Kyle, if you don't give it back right now, [puts up his fists as if to box] I'm gonna break your fuckin' Jew legs right here."
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,Shut up.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"You shut up! You're lying, and [points an accusing finger at Stan and Kenny] you two are covering up for him! You know what? You're just like Jews yourselves! Stan, you're a Jew, and Kenny, you're a Jew! You're all Jews! [Kyle punches him on the right arm once, firmly] OW! [puts his left hand over his right arm] OW! AAAAUH! [grimaces, turns around, and runs out of the park] NYAAAAAAAAAA!"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Camp New Grace, chapel, day. Kids of every age are there singing in unison."
Cartman Sucks,Campers,The Lord is love this forWith Jesus I can just say noAnd not be confused anymore.
Cartman Sucks,Director,"We will now hear a sermon from Pastor Phillips. For those of you who are new to camp, Pastor Phillips is somebody who has broken free of the bonds that afflict you."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,He's bi-curious too?
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Not anymore. Because Pastor Phillips prayed, and by the hand of Jesus Christ, he's now completely cured! Let's hear it for Pastor Phillips, kids!"
Cartman Sucks,Pastor Phillips,"[flies onto the stage and prances about speaking flamboyantly] Helloooo campers! [twirls some and strikes a pose] Yeth, believe it or not, I mythelf used to have unclean urges, and like a lot of you, I thought I was just made that way, that I didn't have a choice. But then I realized that God didn't want me to be that way! God wanted me to be a man! [strikes a running pose] So I buckled up in my little suit and I prayed to be normal and guess what? [jumps up into the air and does a 1080] It worrrrked! [strikes another pose, then eases up]"
Cartman Sucks,Director,"That's right, kids. You see, right now you're like a paper clip. [pulls on out of his back pocket] And just like a paper clip, [begins to mess with it] God needs to bend you, and shape you, and make youuuu... straight. [presents the straightened paper clip. A Latino boy pulls out a gun, shoots himself through the temple, and goes down. Butters is startled. The director and Pastor Phillips just stand there.]"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, South Park Division, day."
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,So you say you were robbed. [fills out a police report]
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Yes. A photograph. And I know who took it! His name is Kyle Broflovski.
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,"If it's a photo, what's the big deal? Why don't you just print out another one?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"It's a big deal, okay?! That picture is my propertih, and I want it back!"
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,"Okay, what is the picture of?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[long pause] Why... why does that matter?
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,Well how are we gonna find your picture unless we know what it is?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,All right. It's a picture ...of me.
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,Yes?
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,It's a picture ...of me. [long pause] And um... what appears to be... a penis... in my mouth.
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,[long pause] You were sucking somebody's penis. [this grabs other officers' attention.]
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"No, no I was not! I was asleep, and this person just... put their penis in my mouth without me knowing! And and took the picture!"
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,...I see.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Yes. Now it may appear in the picture... that I'm actually looking at the camera lens and smiling, with the penis in my mouth. And giving a thumbs up. But I assure you, I was fast asleep."
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,"Well we'd have to get a warrant first, approved by a grand jury."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,I don't have time for that! We have school tomorrow! And I know that Kyle is gonna show the picture to everybody during Show and Tell!
Cartman Sucks,Det. Yates,"Well then, you're screwed."
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Camp New Grace, camp office. Butters and Bradley face the director and four staffers - one of them is a woman, another is Pastor Phillips"
Cartman Sucks,Director,You both do understand that we're trying to save your souls from eternal life in hell?
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Well sure, I guess."
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,Only through Christ can we cleanse our souls.
Cartman Sucks,Director,And you do know the rule which states that no impure or immoral images are allowed to be seen by the eye?
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Well yeah, sure."
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"So let's purify ourselves from everything that makes the body or soul unclean. - Corinthians, chapter 7."
Cartman Sucks,Director,Then do you mind telling us why we found this [holds up a magazine with an aroused male model on one of its pages] 1979 Sears men's underwear catalog... in your room?
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,That's... that's mine.
Cartman Sucks,Director,You know this is strictly forbidden!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Ah I don't understand. What's wrong with underwear?
Cartman Sucks,Director,"[rises from his chair and walks up to Butters] What's wrong?! [thrusts the magazine onto Butters' face] This is what makes you confused! Don't you get it?! This is confusing you right now, isn't it?!"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Yes, it's all very confusing!"
Cartman Sucks,Director,"This is just as much your fault, Butters! Bradley is your accountabilibuddy! That makes you accountabilibuddyable. Both of your boys' behavior has jeopardizing all of the work we're doing here to save these kids! [a gunshot and body drop are heard off screen and all the adults present look to their right. The director sighs twice, rests his left elbow on his desk, holds his left hand up, drops his head onto it, and closes his eyes. The other staffers take notice. Bradley looks down, Butters looks down, then around] Right. For having contraband in your room, you will both do penance by writing scripture for the next four days!"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"8:26 p.m., Cartman's room. Cartman sits at his desk looking distraught."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,That son of a bitch. He's gonna show everyone that picture. Only twelve hours from now. [pounds his desk and gets determined] That's it. I don't have a choice. I'm gonna have to bring Mom in on this one! I'm just... going to have to tell her the truth. [grabs his ears and starts twisting them until they hurt] Ow. OW. OW!
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"The Cartman's kitchen, moments later. Liane balances her checkbook and pays off some bills at the breakfast table. Cartman enters the kitchen, puts his head against the wall and begins to cry."
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"[taking notice] Eric? What's the, what's the matter? [walks over to him to console him]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[crying throughout] I, don't, want to go to school tomorrow!"
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Sweetie, shhh, tell Mommy what happened."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Kyle, has a picture of me, and he's gonna show everyone during Show and Tell, and, everyone's gonna laugh at meeee."
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Oh, now why would he do that?"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Because, he's jealous of how much smarter I am than him. So, he's gonna show everyone the picturrrre."
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"What is the picture of, Eric? [Cartman stops crying]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[sniffles] Last time, when Butters stayed the night, I was being really nice to him and I was... gonna take a picture of him for his mom to have."
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Ohh, that's nice."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"But then, right when I took the picture, Butters got really hot, so he pulled his pajama bottoms down, and then I tripped, and, fell down, and my mouth landed right on his penis, and, then I thought of something funny, so I smiled up at, the camera and gave like a, thumbs up, and, and then Kyle took the picture from me, and he's gonna show it to everybody, and make them think I'm gaaaaaaay! [turns his face to the wall and cries again]"
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Oh, there there, sweetie. It'll be okay. These things happen."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"[looks at her and sobs] But, Mom, I've been trying to get the picture back, but he won't give it to meee! [turns to her and cries into her chest]"
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"It's okay, Eric. I'll have a talk with Kyle's mother."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"You, you will?"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,Butters and Bradley are in their room doing penance - writing Biblical verses at the table.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,...but that He loved us and sent His Only Son to be the satisfaction of our sins. Neato!
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"Butters, I'm sorry for getting you into trouble."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Awww, that's okay, Bradley."
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"I really want to get better. I try to do everything the counselors say, but some...how I still feel confused."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Yeah, well hopefully, when we finish writin' all these verses, we won't be bi-curious no more, and then we can go home!"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"You're really terrific, Butters. I mean, I think you're great. [warm thoughts... Bradley panics and leaves his chair] Uh oh! Oh God! Bad thought! Bad thought!"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Wuh-what's the matter?
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"I think, I, I th-, I think I like you."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Well I like you too, Bradley."
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,You do?
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Well yeah!
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,You like like me?
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Sure, I like like you a lot lot. [laughs]"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,"Oh God, we're both un-fixable! Don't you see we're lost causes?! We're just evil and nothing can change us! There's no other way out, Butters! We have to kill ourselves! [runs to the door and opens it, then runs out and away]"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[gives chase, but isn't fast enough] No! Bradley! You can't leave; you're my accountabilibuddy!"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, dinnertime. The Broflovskis are eating. The phone rings and Sheila gets up to answer it."
Cartman Sucks,Sheila,Hello?
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Hello, Sheila? It's Liane, Eric's mother."
Cartman Sucks,Sheila,"Ohh, hello, Mrs. Cartman."
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Um, Sheila, I'm sorry to trouble you with this, but apparently your son has a picture of Eric with another boy's penis in his mouth."
Cartman Sucks,Sheila,[long pause] Excuse me?
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"8:56 p.m., Cartman's room. Cartman is back at his desk fretting about the following day."
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Don't worry, sweetie, everything is fine."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,It is? [happily jumps off his chair and runs to her] Really? Oh Mommy thank you! Thank you! [hugs her]
Cartman Sucks,Liane,You have nothing to worry about in school tomorrow. Mrs. Broflovski assured me that Kyle doesn't have the picture.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[his smile vanishes] What?
Cartman Sucks,Liane,She talked with her son and says he doesn't have it.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Mom, she's lying!"
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"She said she was sure, Eric."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Mom, you don't know anything about Jews! They lie all the time!"
Cartman Sucks,Liane,"Well, Eric, there's nothing more I can do about it."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[thinks a moment] Then that's it. Kyle wins. But he won't win completely! I'm going to print out another copy of that picture and show it to the class myself! I can at least rob Kyle of his final laugh.
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"Camp office, night. Butters is in there talking to the director."
Cartman Sucks,Director,Do you mind telling me how you managed to lose... your accountabilibuddy?!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"I went looking for 'im, but he runs real fast."
Cartman Sucks,Director,"You don't seem to take this camp seriously, Butters. I've called your father in for a talk."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Oh no, my Dad?"
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Do you understand the concept of Hell? Do you realize that if we don't fix you, you will burn in a lake of fire for eternity?"
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"Well yeah, but I just don't quite understand what you're fixin'."
Cartman Sucks,Director,We're fixing your confusion!
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"There you are, Butters!"
Cartman Sucks,Director,Oheh- hey Dad.
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,What's he done now?!
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Mr. Stotch, your son is insubordinate, unwilling to change, and worse yet, he's lost his accountabilibuddy!"
Cartman Sucks,A counselor,"They found him! They found Bradley! You'd better come quick! [Butters runs out, followed by Stephen, then the counselor, then the director]"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"A bridge similar to the one in ""Fat Butt and Pancake Head"", day. Bradley is near the middle of the span, hanging on to the side but ready to jump off. A crowd has gathered at one end of the bridge. The director arrives, followed by Pastor Phillips, Butters, and Stephen"
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Oh Lord in Heaven! Don't jump, Bradley!"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,Stay-stay back! I'm an abomination of God!
Cartman Sucks,Director,"No no, we're fixing you!"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. Cartman marches towards class with a slide projector. He turns left and enters the classroom"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,Mrs. Garrison's class. Cartman approaches Kyle
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Guess you think today is your big day, huh Kyle? To embarrass me in front of everyone? [Kyle turns around and Cartman is in his face. Cartman softly says] Well guess what? I'm not giving you the satisfaction!"
Cartman Sucks,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay students, let's all take our seats. Since it is Monday, we'll start as always with Show And Tell. [writes the words on the board] Who'd like to go first? [Cartman holds down Kyle's arm while raising his own and grunts]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"Ow! Quit it, dude!"
Cartman Sucks,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay Eric, Jesus, calm down. You can go first."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"HA! [gets up and goes to the board, pulls down the projector screen and clears his throat.] For Show And Tell today, I would like to share with you some very special, very artsy photographs I've taken in pursuit of being a respected photographer. [clicks the projector on, and the class lights dim] This first picture I like to call ""Moods of Winter"" [a shot of snow-covered barren trees], a simple aspen grove shot in high-contrast black and white shows the brittleness of the trunks and reminds one... of death. This picture I took just as the sun was rising and this lonely man was walking to work. A statement about... all of our loneliness, perhaps?"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,[to Stan] He isn't actually going to show everyone...
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,And now this next picture [clears his throat. Quick cut to]
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"The bridge near camp, day. Bradley is still hanging on."
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Don't jump, Bradley! You will only make god angrier with you!"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,It's too late.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[approaches the bridge] Bradley, please. You're my accountabilibuddy. How will this make me look?"
Cartman Sucks,Director,You get back. You're only gonna make things worse.
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,I'm not normal. I'll never be normal!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"You're perfectly normal, Bradley."
Cartman Sucks,Director,Get back! You're just as confused as he is!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,[gets angry] All right. All right that does it! [turns around and faces the crowd] I am sick and tired of everyone telling me I'm confused! I wasn't confused until other people started tellin' me I was! [Bradley listens] You know what I think? I think maybe you are the ones who are confused!
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,Yeah.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"I'm not gonna be confused anymore just because you say I should be! My name is Butters, I'm eight years old, I'm blood type O, and I'm bi-curious! And even that's okay! Because if I'm bi-curious, and I'm somehow made from God, then I think your God must be a little bi-curious himself! [Bradley thinks about this]"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,I think. I think I'd like to come down now.
Cartman Sucks,Director,He's coming down! [everyone begins to chatter] We did it! [stops by Bradley as Bradley climbs back onto the bridge's road] Through the power of Christ we have saved this child!
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"Well Butters, I guess we might as well go home. Looks like you're never gonna change."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,No. I like bein' bi-curious.
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,Well you know somethin'? So do I. [they both have a good laugh about it]
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Wait. Now I am confused.
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,Mrs. Garrison's class. Cartman continues his presentation
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,And this photograph I took of a sunset near the power plant. Note how the contrasting images make a statement about our impact on the Earth. Which brings us to my last picture. Ahem. This picture you may find somewhat... controversial. [everyone gasps]
Cartman Sucks,Bebe,Eww!
Cartman Sucks,Clyde,[long pause] Dude.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Yes. This is shot at a 5.6 aperture using a low-light filter. You can see the grain from the high-speed film - there's sort of a- penis in my mouth right here - and the low depth of field keeps the background soft.
Cartman Sucks,Mrs. Garrison,"Eric, what the hell is this?!"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"What this is, is a statement against the war in Iraq. It's wrong that we still have our troops there. It's wrong! And what I think that-"
Cartman Sucks,Mr. Mackey,"[at the door] Uh, Eric Cartman? We got an emergency message from your mother? [reads the message] ""Do not show picture. Kyle didn't have it after all. Found it under your desk."" She said you'd know what that means, m'kay? [walks away. Cartman stands there looking at the door, then at the class. Kyle has a look of pity for Cartman on his face and blinks]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[longer pause] ...Lame.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. The bell rings and the fourth graders take their seats. Mrs. Garrison enters with her books and sets them on her desk."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"All right, students, let's take our seats. Apparently we have a little problem here at the school which we need to talk about."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Ah yes. You mean the Jew problem. [points to Kyle, but blocks Kyle's view of his left hand with his right.] Good, good! I'm glad we're finally gonna do something about it."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"No, I mean the problem of head lice. [a shot of the class] There's been a lice breakout at a school in Denver, and we need to make sure nobody spreads it here."
Lice Capades,Bebe,Somebody might have lice?
Lice Capades,Class,Ewww!
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,So today you're all going to the gymnasium to have your scalps examined.
Lice Capades,Cartman,Uh th-that is completely unnecessary. Everyone knows that only poor people can get lice. The only person that can spread it here is Kenny.
Lice Capades,Kenny,(What? Fuck you!)
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"I'm sure this class is clean, but we're gonna be examined so that if anyone has the lice, we can stop it before it spreads. [the camera zooms in on Clyde, then on his hair...] Lice can live in anybody's hair. [...until the hair resembles a forest, with tiny houses built upon the individual hairs and a colony of lice walking around on the scalp below.]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The camera follows one louse as he walks through this forest.
Lice Capades,Male Louse,"[approaching a female louse with a growing louse egg resting in a nest built on a shaft] Hello, Kelly. How's my baby?"
Lice Capades,Kelly,[sassily] You mean me or the little one?
Lice Capades,Male Louse,I mean both.
Lice Capades,Kelly,"Well, besides a little loneliness waiting for Daddy to come home, I guess we're both okay."
Lice Capades,Male Louse,[holds onto one of the female's pincers] How did a louse like me get so lucky to have a louse like you?
Lice Capades,Kelly,"Luck had nothing to do with it, Travis. [a group of lice tug on a hair nearby and pull it down. Travis and Kelly look on. He lets go and walks towards the fallen hair] You okay?"
Lice Capades,Travis,Sometimes... I just worry what kind of world our baby is gonna grow up in. [turns around] I need to run up to the forest and do another sediment analysis. I'm worried we might be overworking the tertiary layer. [turns away and walks off]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"The gymnasium, later. The classes are lined up by grade level, with various screeners waiting at the heads of the lines."
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"All students, make sure you're in line according to your grade. When you reach the front of the line you will go behind the curtain and remove any hats to be checked. [The first students go behind the curtains. Craig takes off his hat and does the same]"
Lice Capades,Butters,"Boy, I sure hope they don't find lice in my hair."
Lice Capades,Stan,[looks to Kyle] What do you think happens if you do have it?
Lice Capades,Cartman,"[answering] They drag you out of here, put you in this big containment facility, where they stick a cold metal pipe up your ass with this clear jelly, and then they shock your balls. [Butters gasps]"
Lice Capades,Craig,[leaves the curtain and puts on his hat] I'm clean! I knew I didn't have any stupid lice! [walks past the rest of the class]
Lice Capades,Cartman,This is ridiculous. All this just so they can send Kenny and his stupid head lice home.
Lice Capades,Kenny,(Hey! Fuck off!) [The screener waves Clyde forward and Clyde steps behind the curtain]
Lice Capades,Lead screener,Have a seat on the stool. [Clyde goes to the stool]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp. The camera tracks Travis as he moves through the forest, but the scalp begins to shake and he stops. He turns around to see the hair part and a huge human eye pop up. The eye blinks, then he blinks, then the eye blinks again. Travis backs up a bit, then turns to run."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Behind the curtain. The screener has spotted the lice.
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"Uh oh, looks like you've got 'em."
Lice Capades,Clyde,What?
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"You have lice. Let's see... Clyde Harris, is it?"
Lice Capades,Clyde,Oh my God. Oh Christ no!
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"[writes a note and gives it to him] Now now, it's all right. We're going to call your parents and get you to your doctor."
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Please, ya-you don't understand. The other kids are gonna make fun of me forever!"
Lice Capades,Lead screener,I'm sure your friends aren't that cruel.
Lice Capades,Clyde,Yes they are!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp. A group of lice surround the stump left from the fallen hair, including some older lice."
Lice Capades,Travis,"[approaching the group] Mr. President! Mr. President! I believe we have a serious problem! [the other lice look at him] The environment... is changing. I believe it is somehow, reacting to our presence on it."
Lice Capades,President,And what do you base this on?
Lice Capades,Travis,"[walks up to a hair and draws a human head on it] Look, this is the world, right? But now, think of the world as... a living being. [the other lice look surprised] If it were somehow conscious, then it would ultimately become aware of our effect on it."
Lice Capades,Older Louse,"Huh right, the world is conscious. It makes perfect sense. [kneels and knocks on the scalp several times] Hello. Anybody? [the other lice begin to laugh.]"
Lice Capades,Travis,"If we have made too much of an impact, then that consciousness would try to snuff us out! I think we're looking at a global catastrophe, the likes of which we've never seen!"
Lice Capades,Older Louse,Poodiggery and poppycock!
Lice Capades,Travis,"I think we need to put all resources now into a full investigation, perhaps even begin a licewide evacuation."
Lice Capades,Older Louse,Evacuation?! Tomorrow is the Gootack Festival. Do you know how much money we would lose? Escort Mr. Mayfield out. The President can't be bothered any further.
Lice Capades,Travis,[as security escorts him away] Damn you Vice President Craig! You could be killin' us all!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"A waiting room. Clyde and his mom sit with a man reading a magazine, and a girl with her mother. Clyde looks around"
Lice Capades,Clyde,This is so... embarrassing.
Lice Capades,Girl,I have an ear infection. What are you seeing the doctor for?
Lice Capades,Clyde,"I have... I have AIDS. [his mother looks at him, astonished]"
Lice Capades,Nurse,Clyde Harris? [Clyde goes in to see the doctor.]
Lice Capades,Doctor,"[writing out a prescription] Yeeaahh, that's a pretty bad lice problem there. Good thing they pulled you out of school."
Lice Capades,Clyde,"[desperate] But why me, doctor? Why me?! How did I get this?!"
Lice Capades,Doctor,"[walks up to Clyde] Well, believe it or not, some lice can actually attach themselves to flies, and then wait for the fly to land on someone's head where they can reproduce. And then the lice that live in your head now were probably all born there."
Lice Capades,Clyde,...Sick!
Lice Capades,Doctor,"This shampoo should take care of it. [hands him a bottle] Use this in the shower. Your scalp may burn a bit afterwards, but... it should kill... every last one of them."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp. The lice go about their business, climbing up and down the hairs. Travis takes a break on a hair stump."
Lice Capades,Kelly,Travis? Everything okay?
Lice Capades,Travis,"Kelly, I was just thinkin' about our baby. I want to name her... Hope."
Lice Capades,Kelly,Hope?
Lice Capades,Travis,Hope for a... chance at tomorrow? [water begins to drop down from on high]
Lice Capades,Louse 1,It's raining? Now? [Other lice stop and notice. Turns out Clyde is taking a shower.]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's shower. He rinses himself off and then picks up the shampoo he was given: RID-X. KILLS INSTANTLY LICE & THEIR EGGS.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The rain continues and the lice get used to it.
Lice Capades,Louse 2,[starts dancing] Woohoo! I love the rain! [other lice join in the play. Travis doesn't have a good feeling about this]
Lice Capades,Travis,Oh my God. [runs to Kelly and their egg] We have to get out of here!
Lice Capades,Kelly,"What it, it's just rain."
Lice Capades,Travis,"We have to get out of here now, Kelly! [grabs the egg and runs off with Kelly. Other lice continue dancing in the rain while still others watch. One or two look around and notice a green liquid spreading over the scalp.]"
Lice Capades,Louse 3,"What is that? [walks up to the leading edge, reaches down and grabs a gob of it. The liquid quickly eats through his pincer and he screams in pain. The leading edge of the liquid moves past him and leaves him trapped in the liquid, which eats at him some more]"
Lice Capades,Lice,"Whoa! [the liquid finally finishes him off. The other lice see the leading edge of the liquid get closer to them, and they run] Ruuun! [some of them get overtaken by the liquid, which is now moving quickly over the scalp. The camera follows them until it finds Travis]"
Lice Capades,Travis,"Everyone get up into the trees! We have to get up high! Come on, Kelly! [the lice that can, climb up the hairs while the others get swept up by the RID-X and killed]"
Lice Capades,Kelly,"My God, Travis, they're all dying!"
Lice Capades,Travis,"Don't look, Kelly! Don't look!"
Lice Capades,Louse 4,What the hell is it?!
Lice Capades,Louse 5,"Well it's okay, we're safe up here! [the hairs begin to sway back and forth as a strong wind begins to blow]"
Lice Capades,Travis,I don't think so! [lice begin to be pushed off the hairs]
Lice Capades,Louse 4,[blown away] OoOhOOOoooh!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's bathroom. He's standing on a stool before the mirror blowing his hair dry.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The wind keeps blowing lice off hair. Travis hangs on tight to the hair and to Kelly.
Lice Capades,Kelly,Travis!
Lice Capades,Travis,Kelly! Hang on!
Lice Capades,Kelly,I can't... hang on!
Lice Capades,Travis,"You have to! For the baby! [Kelly's grip loosens. She tightens it, but the wind rips her from the pincer she was holding on with]"
Lice Capades,Kelly,Nooooooooooo!
Lice Capades,Travis,"Kellllllyyyyy! No! Noooo! [he's left alone on the hair with the egg, Hope]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's bathroom. He's done drying his hair and sets the hair dryer aside, steps off the stool, turns off the light, and leaves."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mrs. Garrison's class. She's just come in with her books."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, kids, today we're going to review some Civil War history. Who can tell me what year the war started?"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Waiwaiwait, whoa whoa, so what happened?"
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,With what?
Lice Capades,Craig,"With the lice exam. Did they find anybody with lice? [Clyde looks apprehensive, and Mrs. Garrison notices]"
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"Y-yes, some lice was discovered and the proper action has been taken."
Lice Capades,Stan,Somebody in this class?
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"Uh, yes."
Lice Capades,Class,Ohhhhh.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Well who was it? [points to Kenny] It was Kenny, right?"
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"That doesn't matter, it's over."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Doesn't matter?! If somebody had parasites in their hair, we need to know who! [points to Kenny again] It was Kenny, wasn't it?"
Lice Capades,Red,"I wanna know who it was, too."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"It's being kept confidential! There's a policy in the schools not to single out a kid who has lice, because of the embarrassment it can cause, okay?!"
Lice Capades,Cartman,[pounds on his desk] That is bullcrap! You are denying our rights as children to totally rip on that kid and make him or her feel like an outcast!
Lice Capades,Class,Yeah!
Lice Capades,Bebe,And we have a right to know which boy had lice in his hair so we don't ever go out with them!
Lice Capades,Craig,How do we know it was a boy? It could just have easily been one of you stupid girls!
Lice Capades,Butters,Yeah! Dumb girls!
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"The case is closed! Whoever had the lice, they're dead now! We're moving on to Civil War history. [the camera zooms in on Clyde again] Ulysses S. Grant-"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the aftermath. Travis is asleep on the scalp, battered and bruised from the wind. He coughs himself awake and finds the egg with him, intact"
Lice Capades,Travis,"Hope. Hope, you're alive. [he stands up to his full height and surveys the destruction all around him] My God... [a decomposed louse stands up and collapses on him] Heh?!"
Lice Capades,Louse 6,Help me... Help meeee... [it falls away and dies]
Lice Capades,Louse 7,"Travis. [Travis looks to his right] Over here! Travis, if you hadn't warned us to get up in them trees, we'd all be dead."
Lice Capades,Travis,How many survivors?
Lice Capades,Louse 7,Just the six of us. And the Vice President.
Lice Capades,Travis,"[notices and throws the Vice President up against a hair] You son of a bitch! You had a chance to stop this! So help me, if we live through this, I'm gonna see you rot in prison!"
Lice Capades,Louse 8,What do we do now?
Lice Capades,Travis,[turns and faces the others] We aren't out of this yet! You two look for other survivors. You get whatever food you can and bring it back here. [the lice do as commanded]
Lice Capades,Vice President,[the older louse] Who put you in charge?!
Lice Capades,Travis,[turns around] God did! When he killed my wife! [turns back and walks away]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. The fourth graders leave the classroom."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, the person who had head lice needs to speak up right now, so that we know to stay away from you! [Opposite Cartman are Jimmy, Tweek, Clyde, Anne, Bebe, Red. and two other kids. With Cartman are Craig, Token, Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Kevin, Butters, and Wendy]"
Lice Capades,Craig,"Yeah, come on! We're gonna find out sooner or later."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Okay, whoever you are, you are now not only a licehead, you're a liar! You're only making this worse on yourself!"
Lice Capades,Kyle,You know what? I'll bet it was you!
Lice Capades,Cartman,Me?!
Lice Capades,Kyle,This is exactly what you would do if they found lice in your hair! Try to lead the charge against somebody else to take the suspicion off of yourself!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"I don't think so, Kyle! But you know what?! This is exactly what you would do if you had had head lice! Try to get everyone to blame me!"
Lice Capades,Stan,You guys stop it! This isn't getting us anywhere!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"That's exactly what you would do if you had had head lice, Stan. [Stan is stunned]"
Lice Capades,Kyle,"Yeah, try to have everyone make peace so it doesn't seem like a big deal."
Lice Capades,Cartman,And this is exactly what Kenny would do: stand here and say nothing! [Kenny makes an angry face]
Lice Capades,Butters,"[sensing where this is going] Heh hey guys, what would I do?"
Lice Capades,Bebe,Let's just get a magnifying glass and look at everyone's heads.
Lice Capades,Kyle,It's too late. The treatment would have killed it all.
Lice Capades,Clyde,Well I guess we're never gonna know. There's no way to tell.
Lice Capades,Cartman,There's a way! There's a way to find out who had sick-ass head cooties! And I'm gonna find it! [turns left and walks away. Clyde looks around]
Lice Capades,Kyle,It was him. It had to have been him!
Lice Capades,Stan,Yeah... Or you. [they check out each other]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. More survivors are brought to the clearing
Lice Capades,Louse 9,"Mark? Mark, you have to hang on."
Lice Capades,Travis,"This isn't going to stop. The world is rejecting us! If we're gonna live, we have to get off this planet."
Lice Capades,Louse 8,How?
Lice Capades,Travis,"First we have to get out of the forest, into the forbidden zone. It's the only way we might even see another planet!"
Lice Capades,Louse 9,The forbidden zone... We'll be exposed. We'll die out there.
Lice Capades,Travis,"We'll die here! Look, the world is getting rid of us! Don't you get it?!"
Lice Capades,Louse 10,Getting rid of us? You-you mean like it knows what it's doing?
Lice Capades,Travis,Yes! Because maybe we rolled the dice too many times!
Lice Capades,Louse 9,I'm not leaving my husband.
Lice Capades,Louse 11,Yeah huh-I'll take my chances here.
Lice Capades,Travis,You can all stay here; I'm gonna try to save my baby. [turns around and walks away]
Lice Capades,Louse 12,"[redhead, runs up to him] I'll go with you. There's nothing left for me here."
Lice Capades,Vice President,I wanna go too.
Lice Capades,Travis,Not a chance.
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Look, I know I messed up, all right? But I think you're right. If we can get out of the forest, we might find another place to live."
Lice Capades,Travis,"If we find anything, we'll try to send help for the rest of you. [to the redhead and the Vice President] Let's go. [the redhead moves] Come on if you're comin' Mister Vice President! [turns left and follows the redhead]"
Lice Capades,Vice President,[tarries] Yeah. Right behind you. [pulls out a gun and cocks it]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,A storage room somewhere in school. Cartman is wearing a detective coat as other fourth grade boys enter the room
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, lock that door, Craig! [Craig goes to lock the door]"
Lice Capades,Kyle,"What's this about, Cartman? [the boys are now seated on a bench against a wall]"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"I've come up with a test that can determine if it was any of us who had the head lice. [whips out a little propane torch from his right pocket] We're gonna find out once and for all who had head cooties. [whips out a lighter from his left pocket, strikes the lighter on, and uses the lighter to light the torch. He puts the lighter away. Clyde is scared now.] Lice feed on a person's blood, and just like mosquitoes they leave small traces of their saliva in the host's bloodstream. That saliva, is monochromagnic. So if an infected person's blood is touched by... this hot metal coil, say... that person's blood will jump 10 meters into the air."
Lice Capades,Jimmy,Ur ur re- ur really?
Lice Capades,Kyle,"That's retarded! You didn't come up with that experiment, Cartman, you saw it in that movie, The Thing!"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"[figuring out how to respond] This is a scientific test, designed to-"
Lice Capades,Kyle,You saw it in The Thing and you're wasting everyone's time!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"I thought you might say that, Kyle. Because you don't want to take the test, do you?!"
Lice Capades,Kyle,Nobody's blood is going to jump up in the air!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"If it isn't going to work, then what are you afraid of? The only person who wouldn't want to take the test is somebody who was worried it might work and reveal that they were the ones with lice!"
Lice Capades,Craig,Yeah. That's true.
Lice Capades,Jimmy,I have no problem taking the test. I have nothing to hi-huhiii-hide
Lice Capades,Token,Yeah. Me neither.
Lice Capades,Kyle,"All right, fine. I'll do the dumb test."
Lice Capades,Cartman,Everyone take a Petri dish and a syringe. We need at least 30 cc's of blood from each one of you.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"The storage room, moments later. The boys have all given their 30 cc's in the labeled Petri dishes."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, now everyone back over there! [the boys head back to the bench] We'll start with what I already know. [moves the heated coil tip over the blood sample. Only steam comes from it]"
Lice Capades,Butters,"Well, guess that proves Eric wasn't the one with head lice."
Lice Capades,Kyle,It doesn't prove anything!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Yeah? Let's just see what your blood does, Kyle! [takes Kyle's Petri dish and ...the same thing happens] Huh, I guess you're clean. [tries another Petri dish]"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Ye-you guys, we'd better go. Recess is almost over."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"It's all right, it won't take much longer, just-AHH AHHGH! [sticks the tip into the Petri dish, causing the blood to heat up and jump out of the dish. He gets the blood all over himself, and for good measure, tosses the rest of the blood onto himself.]"
Lice Capades,Token,What the hell?! [Clyde is scared shitless. Cartman turns the dish around to reveal the name: Kenny]
Lice Capades,Cartman,Kenny!
Lice Capades,Kyle,No way.
Lice Capades,Craig,"You were right all along, Eric. It was Kenny."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Of course I was right! I told you only poor people get lice! [silence for a second or two, then Kenny bolts for the door, pushing Craig aside, opening the door, and running down the hall]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The survivors have made it to the hairline.
Lice Capades,Louse 12,"We've done it. We've reached the forbidden zone. [a vast space of... nothing, like a desert] I've always heard stories about this place. Never thought it was real."
Lice Capades,Travis,It's real. Real as my love for my unborn baby.
Lice Capades,Vice President,"So what exactly is your plan, Travis?"
Lice Capades,Travis,Our ancestors came here from another world. Maybe there's still other worlds out there with life forms like us. Maybe there's even a world where they've learned to live with the planet instead of just on it.
Lice Capades,Louse 12,"Travis. Travis, you're, so wise, so strong. If we make it out of this, I'd like to... be with you."
Lice Capades,Travis,"Sorry, babe, but my heart is forever stenciled in permanent ink with the name [closes his eyes] Kelly."
Lice Capades,Louse 12,She was a lucky woman to have you.
Lice Capades,Travis,"Luck had nothin' to do with it. [a gunshot from behind kills the redhead, who wobbles forward, then back and to the ground. The Vice President keeps his gun trained on her corpse]"
Lice Capades,Vice President,[aims his gun at Travis] Sorry to cut the honeymoon short!
Lice Capades,Travis,Why you murdering bastard!
Lice Capades,Vice President,Your little fantasy of another world ends here! Walk!
Lice Capades,Travis,"What the hell do you want, Vice President?!"
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Walk! [Travis turns and walks, and the Vice President follows him, keeping the gun trained on him.]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's house, day. The doorbell rings and Clyde goes to answer it. Cartman, Craig, and a few others - Token and Jimmy - are outside with socks and bars of soap."
Lice Capades,Craig,"Clyde, dude, get down to the park. We caught Kenny, and we're all gonna let him have it! [points to the sock in his right hand]"
Lice Capades,Clyde,What? What are you gonna do to him?
Lice Capades,Cartman,"He lied to us all! He betrayed his kind! We all know what has to happen. [beat] Grab a sock and a bar of soap, and meet us at the park! [they turn and head off]"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"[his eyes wander as he thinks] You guys, wait. [the guys turn around]"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"What, Clyde?"
Lice Capades,Clyde,I... nothing.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, see you there! [the guys turn around and leave] Remember, bar of soap and a sock! Kenny's gonna get it!"
Lice Capades,"Token, Craig",Yeah!
Lice Capades,Jimmy,"Yeah! We're gonna fu-fu-fuck him up! [Clyde sees them leave, then backs up, scared]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's house, day. Mrs. Garrison seems to be preparing an omelet for herself, adding garlic salt and putting it aside. The phone rings and she picks up."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,Yello?
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Mrs. Garrison, one of your students is about to be attacked at the park by all the other students."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,What? Who's going to get attacked? Who is this?!
Lice Capades,Clyde,Please just hurry to the park! You have to stop them!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the hairline. The Vice President and Travis are still walking"
Lice Capades,Vice President,That's good! That's far enough! [Travis stops and turns]
Lice Capades,Travis,What are you going to do?
Lice Capades,Vice President,"I'm gonna go back to the village, start to rebuild, mate with the females, become... President!"
Lice Capades,Travis,Don't you get it? The world doesn't want you here! It's not gonna stop until you're dead!
Lice Capades,Vice President,It was a disaster! Disasters happen!
Lice Capades,Travis,"Then go ahead and die there, I'm leavin' with my baby!"
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Actually, you're never leaving here either, Travis! [shoots out the knees of Travis's hind legs]"
Lice Capades,Travis,Damn you! Why?!
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Because when I'm President, I can't have pests like you constantly trying to preach that the world is alive! You're an idealistic fool! The world is not ""conscious,"" we are conscious! If the world was alive, it would feel this! [plugs six bullets into Clyde's scalp]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's neighborhood, day. He's walking towards the park."
Lice Capades,Clyde,[feeling the little stings] Ow. [reaches back to the base of his skull]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the hairline. The Vice President is about to finish Travis off"
Lice Capades,Vice President,You die he- [looks up. Two fingers reach down and grab him. He screams like he's never screamed before as Travis watches the fingers take him away.]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's neighborhood, day. Clyde glances at the louse and tosses it away. The Vice President screams to his death on the sidewalk below."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the hairline. Travis tries to stand up, but ends up flat on his back. He can no longer move, so he just cries."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,The neighborhood park. The boys have gathered on the basketball court to let Kenny have it.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Kenny McCormick, you are charged with bringing head cooties into our school, and lying about it to cover your ass! How do you plead?!"
Lice Capades,Kenny,[restrained by Kevin and Bradley] (Not guilty!)
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Guilty! I thought so! [the boys pull down his hood and coat, and his shirt]"
Lice Capades,Craig,"All right, let's do this!"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"You guys, maybe we should just... wait a few more minutes?"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, Kenny. You know what has to happen! Sock bath! Everyone wash Kenny with the soap and dry him off with the socks! [the boys gang up on Kenny and give him the sock bath]"
Lice Capades,Kenny,"Nohoho! No, not the socks! Ahhhgh, stop!"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Wait, wait!"
Lice Capades,Kyle,"Wait... stop it, stop it! [he walks away; the others stop and look at him] I can't let Kenny be sock-dried."
Lice Capades,Craig,He had cooties and he lied about it!
Lice Capades,Kyle,"[looks over his left shoulder] Kenny didn't have the head lice, all right?! [looks away] It was me."
Lice Capades,Clyde,What?
Lice Capades,Kyle,"I was the one. I was too afraid to say anything, but I can't let Kenny be sock-bathed for it."
Lice Capades,Stan,"Why are you saying that, Kyle? You can't be the one who had head lice. [walks up to him] Because I was. You're just trying to make me feel bad because you figured that out, didn't you?!"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Wait a-wait a minute, what?"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Oh I get it. [walks up to Stan and Kyle] This is some kind of big trick on me! You've known I was the one with head lice all along, huh?!"
Lice Capades,Stan,You had head lice?
Lice Capades,Cartman,Of course! Why do you think I went through that elaborate bullcrap experiment to frame Kenny?!
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"[offscreen] You all had head lice! [the boys look up and off to the left. Mrs. Garrison walks up to them on the court] Every single person in the class! The boys aaand the girls! Lice spreads fast, you dumb-asses!"
Lice Capades,Craig,I thought I was the only one.
Lice Capades,Butters,Me too.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"But that means... that means Kenny was lying! Sock bath! [the other boys join in the chant ""Sock bath!"" and gang up on Kenny once again]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's hair. With the redhead and the Vice President gone, Travis is left alone with his thoughts."
Lice Capades,Travis,"Kelly. Kelly, can you hear mih? I don't know if you can. But... I wanted you to know I tried. I tried to save our baby. But I let you down, babe. [blinks. A light shines on him and a vision of Kelly descends. Travis holds his left hand up as a visor to make sure he's not hallucinating] Keh... k-Kelly? [Kelly's apparition disappears, replaced by a fly. Travis climbs on to one of the fly's legs, and the fly takes off. After a long while, the fly alights on a new host and Travis drops to the ground, asleep. Members of a darker, buffer species of louse watch from the shadows. They prop him up and carry him away]"
Lice Capades,Louse 13,"You are welcome here. [the colony here is well-developed, with entrances to dwellings going up several stories, making the hairs act as high-rise apartments. The residents there wave as he passes by] You're safe now. We've lived here for generation after generation, never being disturbed."
Lice Capades,Travis,"Heh. We made it, Hope. We made it, Kelly! [at this point the camera pulls back, out of the hair, and out of the space between a pair of female legs. The camera pulls back enough to show an actress exiting her limousine.]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"An actress with big lips is seen coming out of a limousine, with photographers ready to take pictures of her."
Lice Capades,Agent,"Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Angelina Jolie! [photographers start snapping away with their cameras]"
Lice Capades,Angelina Jolie,"Hello, everyone! [scratches her groin through her dress] Hello!"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. The school bell rings and the kids rush in to sit down. Mrs. Garrison enters the classroom."
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"All right, students, let's take our seats. Everyone try to be nice because we have a new student joining us today, and I know you'll all make him feel welcome. Say hello to... Baahir Hassan Abdul Hakeem."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Uh oh! [Kyle's seat is empty, and he fears the worst]"
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"Welcome to our class, Baahir."
The Snuke,Baahir,Thank you.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Duhude, dude, [throws out his arms, palms out] not cool!"
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,Why don't you take a seat in Kyle's empty desk for now?
The Snuke,Baahir,"Okay. [goes to Kyle's seat. Cartman begins crawling out of his, away from Baahir]"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Oooh hooohoho. Nooo, noohoohoo."
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"[stopping him. What follows is in hushed tones] Eric, what the hell is wrong with you?!"
The Snuke,Cartman,"What's wrong? [looks at Baahir, who's looking back at him, then looks back at Mrs. Garrison and takes her aside] Has he been checked for bombs?"
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"Eric, that's enough! Not all Muslim people are terrorists!"
The Snuke,Cartman,"No, but most of them are. And all it takes is most of them."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The school playground, recess. There are several kids waiting at the slide, Butters takes his turn."
The Snuke,Butters,"[slides down gleefully] Now you go, Baahir. [Baahir climbs the ladder steps and slides down. Butters cheers him on. Cartman shows up and looks at them. Baahir dusts himself off. Cartman turns and walks away, then places a call on his cell phone]"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's bedroom, day. Kyle is still in bed, his window curtains drawn shut. There's lots of little tissues on his bed and surrounding floor with two plates on the floor next to the bed. His cordless phone is on the covers. It rings, he picks up"
The Snuke,Kyle,[sniffs - he has a stuffy nose] Yeah?
The Snuke,Cartman,"[hushed] Kyle, are you on your computer?"
The Snuke,Kyle,"What? No, I'm sick. [sniffs]"
The Snuke,Cartman,Get online. I need you to check something for me.
The Snuke,Kyle,"Dude, leave me alone."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Kyle, every one of our friends might be in serious danger!"
The Snuke,Kyle,[sits right up] What? Why?
The Snuke,Cartman,Get online now!
The Snuke,Kyle,"All right, all right. [leaves his bed and goes to his computer, sits down and starts clicking]"
The Snuke,Cartman,Go to MySpace. [enters the school building] See if there's a MySpace page for a Baahir Hakeem.
The Snuke,Kyle,"[types a search term at MySpace] Baahir Hakeem. [Baahir's page pops up] Born in Chicago, eight years old, his favorite color is green... Car, Cartman, what is this all about?"
The Snuke,Cartman,"[begins walking down the hallway] Kyle, I want you to check his buddy list. How many MySpace friends does he have?"
The Snuke,Kyle,Over a hundred.
The Snuke,Cartman,[walks further along] Look further down the page. Does he list his favorite band?
The Snuke,Kyle,White Stripes
The Snuke,Cartman,[stops suddenly] That's funny.
The Snuke,Kyle,What?
The Snuke,Cartman,He told everyone in class today his favorite band was Blink 182.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"A ticking clock: 11:59:57... 11:59:58... 11:59:59... 12:00:00... Darkness. The following text appears onscreen, then disappears after Cartman finishes speaking."
The Snuke,Cartman,[voiceover] The following takes place between Recess and Geography class.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park Police Station, day, Officer Barbrady's desk. A hovering camera looks at a ringing phone. Officer Barbrady answers."
The Snuke,Barbrady,Hello?
The Snuke,Cartman,"[entering the boys' restroom, still in hushed tones] Officer Barbrady, South Park Elementary is in serious danger! [checks the toilet stalls on all fours]"
The Snuke,Barbrady,From what? Who is this?
The Snuke,Cartman,I've just ID'd a Muslim and his MySpace page does not check out. You've got to get these people out of here now!
The Snuke,Barbrady,Are you serious?
The Snuke,Cartman,"If I wasn't serious, would I be talking like this?"
The Snuke,Barbrady,Like what?
The Snuke,Cartman,"Whispering, but whispering really loudly for dramatic effect."
The Snuke,Barbrady,Oh jeez.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Mrs. Garrison's class, later. Mrs. Garrison moves on to History, but the school bell goes off as a fire drill."
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,What the hell?
The Snuke,Principal Victoria,[over the PA system] All students are to evacuate the school immediately! [Baahir looks around]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The front of South Park Elementary, later. The kids pour out happily."
The Snuke,Butters,"Hey, Baahir, uh since we get to go home, you wanna come over uh, play checkers?"
The Snuke,Baahir,"Sure, okay. [12:02:32 pops up on screen and ticks the seconds away.]"
The Snuke,Butters,Well all right! [they walk off together]
The Snuke,Kyle,Dude. [sniffs and calls Cartman. The LED readout vanishes]
The Snuke,Cartman,[exits the building through a side door and answers the call] Yeah. [walks among various trash cans and bins]
The Snuke,Kyle,"Dude, I just got an IM from Stan that they evacuated the school."
The Snuke,Cartman,Yeah. Now do you believe me that somethin' is goin' on?!
The Snuke,Kyle,I guess so.
The Snuke,Cartman,Yeah well I don't like it! It doesn't follow!
The Snuke,Kyle,Wuh what doesn't follow?
The Snuke,Cartman,"Why would a terrorist just blow up a school? It's not their M.O. Unless... Oh my God! Unless this was all just a big diversion. [starts running] Kyle, I need you to Google-search the South Park Chamber of Commerce!"
The Snuke,Kyle,Okay.
The Snuke,Cartman,Their Web site should have a calendar of events: is there anything big going on in town today?!
The Snuke,Kyle,"[looks up the info as Cartman talks] Yeah. Actually, there is."
The Snuke,Cartman,[stops] What?
The Snuke,Kyle,There's a Hillary Clinton campaign rally. [Cartman stays silent] Cartman? ...Cartman? [Cartman has turned off his phone and runs out of school]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Central Intelligence Agency, day. An agent takes a call and-"
The Snuke,Agent,Sir! There's somebody calling in saying there's going to be a terrorist attack on the Hillary Clinton rally today.
The Snuke,Head agent,"What? [takes the call] This is CIA head, Alan Thompson."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Mr. Thompson, you have to call off the Clinton rally! There's a terrorist in South Park!"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,What do you know?
The Snuke,Cartman,He just showed up out of the blue! I need to speak with the President right away!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,I'm the head of the CIA! You can tell me!
The Snuke,Cartman,I said I will only talk to the President!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Look, if you have information of a threat, you could-"
The Snuke,Cartman,LALALALALALALALA!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,I will have you arrested for-!
The Snuke,Cartman,LALALA-I can't hear you! Only the President! LALALALALALA!
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, 12:04:27 South Park time. The LED readout ticks away, the ominous echo follows."
The Snuke,Aide,"Call is coming through now, Mr. President."
The Snuke,Bush,Hello?
The Snuke,Cartman,"President Bush, this is Eric Cartman! Are we on a secure line?"
The Snuke,Bush,Huh? Who.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Look, I know you're not the biggest Hildog fan, but she is in great danger right now!"
The Snuke,Bush,Hildog?
The Snuke,Scene Description,"A motorcade in South Park, day. The American flag waving from a pole on the hood indicates Secret Service protection."
The Snuke,Aide,"Yes, I understand. I'll let Ms. Clinton know."
The Snuke,Hillary,"What is it, Brian?"
The Snuke,Brian,"Ms. Clinton, we just received word of a possible terrorist attack on your rally today."
The Snuke,Hillary,Is the thread credible?
The Snuke,Brian,"We aren't sure, but... perhaps it's best we call it off. [behind him, the rally gets closer and closer]"
The Snuke,Hillary,"No. No, I will not be bullied by terrorist threats. Your men do a good job, Brian. I have faith that any thread will be taken care of accordingly."
The Snuke,Driver,"We've reached the rally site, Hildog."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The rally site, downtown South Park."
The Snuke,Aide 2,"Don't worry, Mrs. Clinton, I'm sure everything will be fine."
The Snuke,Hillary,"Thank you, Chris. [leaves with Brian and a third aide. The driver walks off in the opposite direction, and Chris whips out a cell phone. He walks forward and calls someone]"
The Snuke,Chris,They know about the bomb!
The Snuke,Blond Russian,That is impossible! We took every measure to assure the bomb was hidden from sight.
The Snuke,Chris,"Well somebody tipped off the CIA. I don't know how much they know, but security has been heightened."
The Snuke,Blond Russian,That bomb must travel with the Clinton rally to Boston!
The Snuke,Chris,"The bomb won't make it to Boston now! With the heightened security, it's only a matter of time before they find it!"
The Snuke,Blonde Russian,Then we have no choice. We have to move up the attack.
The Snuke,Chris,"I understand, comrade."
The Snuke,Blonde Russian,Prepare yourself. We detonate the bomb... within the hour.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"12:17:56. Time keeps on ticking, ticking, ticking... Kyle is still at home, Cartman roams the rally."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Kyle, I'm at the Clinton rally site, but there's no sign of that kid!"
The Snuke,Kyle,So then maybe you're wrong.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Nope, I'm not wrong. He must be somehow attacking remotely from his house. Did you find the address?"
The Snuke,Kyle,Yeah. I cross-referenced his MySpace page with realtor.com. His parents moved into that green house on Janice Street.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Jesus, that's on the other side of town. All right, Kyle, I'm going to take a picture with my camera phone and upload it to you. You ready?"
The Snuke,Kyle,"Yeah. [Cartman giggles and sticks the phone down his pants, in front of his genitals. He takes the picture and sends it to Kyle. Kyle receives it on his computer] What is that?"
The Snuke,Cartman,It's my balls! [laughs as Kyle just looks at the image]
The Snuke,Kyle,God damn it Cartman!
The Snuke,Cartman,"[his laugh dies down, then] Okay. Okay, Kyle, let's stay focused here."
The Snuke,Mayor McDaniels,"People of South Park, it is my honor to introduce a woman who deserves nothing but respect. Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton! [the crowd cheers and holds up pro-Hillary signs: ""Hildog"", ""In Hildog We Trust"", ""Hildog, we love you!"", ""Hildog #1 fan"", ""South Park Wants Hildog!!"", ""Hildog '08"", ""We Love You""]"
The Snuke,Hillary,[affecting a Southern accent] It is so nice to be back in a small town like the one I came from. [more cheers for her]
The Snuke,Hildog Fan,Here we go! [his friends don dog-headed helmets and start barking.]
The Snuke,Brian,"Otis Green, anything on that bomb threat? [""You know, when I start my life in office, quite a few changes have to be made!""]"
The Snuke,Otis,"We have the bomb-sniffing pig going through the crowd. If there is a bomb, the pig will find it. [the third aide has the pig on a leash, letting it roam as it will]"
The Snuke,Hillary,This is why I campaign in small towns like these! Because it is in towns like South Park that you find the true America! [more cheers go up as aide and pig move around]
The Snuke,Aide 3,"Oh my God, she got a scent! [the pig walks faster]"
The Snuke,Brian,What?!
The Snuke,Aide 3,The pig is picking up the smell of nuclear residue. Terrorists have hidden a bomb!
The Snuke,Brian,[getting nervous] Oh my God! Where?! Where could they have stashed it?!
The Snuke,Aide 3,"Come on, find it. Find! [the pig leads him up the steps to the stage]"
The Snuke,Brian,"My God, they hid it under the stage?!"
The Snuke,Female aide,"No wait, look. [the pig approaches Hillary and really wants to get at that bomb]"
The Snuke,Hillary,"How much money do we have to waste on needless spendin' when we should be focusing all our attention on... uh... [the pig buries its snout in Hillary's ass] on the education of all- Woo haha, whoa there, girl. Haha, [puts some distance between herself and the pig, but the pig won't back off] uh, uh, on the education of all children. [the pig tries the groin this time] Oh, I declare!"
The Snuke,Otis,Oh my God. Do you think they could have hidden a nuclear device up Mrs. Clinton's...
The Snuke,Scene Description,CIA Headquarters. An agent comes up to Mr. Thompson with a report.
The Snuke,Agent,"Mr. Thompson, the kid who called in the warning was right! We uncovered intel that terrorists have obtained a nuclear device, and that they have most likely hidden it in Mrs. Clinton's... well, in her..."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,In her what?
The Snuke,Agent,"In her snatch, sir."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,What?!
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Back at the rally, later. Brian observes as two paramedics seat Hillary down on a gurney."
The Snuke,Hillary,What is goin' on? I wasn't finished.
The Snuke,Brian,"Security measure, Mrs. Clinton. Probably nothing. [receives a call and answers it] Yes."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"A CIA helicopter on its way to South Park, day."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Mr. Jeffries, this is Alan Thompson with the CIA. We have reason to believe that Mrs. Clinton may have a nuclear device up her snatch."
The Snuke,Brian,A what?!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,A snatch. It's the technical term for vagina.
The Snuke,Brian,"No, I mean what kind of nuclear device?!"
The Snuke,Scene Description,A diagram of a bomb inside a woman's uterus. Zoom out to reveal CIA headquarters
The Snuke,Mr. Waters,"Mr. Jeffries, this is Frank Waters. It's a suitcase nuke, designed to fit in a woman's snizz. It's called a snuke."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Back at the rally, later. Brian walks up to Hillary."
The Snuke,Hillary,"What is goin' on, Brian?"
The Snuke,Brian,"Ms. Clinton, it appears that terrorists have snuck a snuke up your snizz."
The Snuke,Hillary,[fans herself in a Southern fashion] Oh my.
The Snuke,Brian,What do we do? Can we disable the timer?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,It won't have a timer. Snukes are detonated remotely. Whoever our terrorist is has a detonator with him.
The Snuke,Brian,But then that means...
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Yes. If we don't find that detonator, everyone in the town of South Park is going to die. For-ever."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"12:28:38 and counting. Four images come up: Hillary on the gurney, Kyle at his computer, Butters and Baahir playing checkers in Butters' living room, and the CIA landing in South Park"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,Do we have that phone trace?
The Snuke,CIA vice head,"[hands him the phone] The call is going through now, sir."
The Snuke,Cartman,[gets the call] Yeah? [walks through a parking lot]
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"This is CIA head Alan Thompson. We spoke before about the- [he and his agents walk down the street. Two angles are shown of that, and a third image of Cartman walking through the lot]"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Yes, Mr. Thompson?"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Well, we've just arrived in your town."
The Snuke,Cartman,Why? Did you find something?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,Yes. There's a suitcase nuke in Ms. Clinton's snizz.
The Snuke,Cartman,[stops] A snuke?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,That's right. It's controlled by a remote detonator. We have to locate the terrorist before he sets it off.
The Snuke,Cartman,[walks again] I have the address of the house the terrorist moved into. I'm almost there now; where are you?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"We're on the town's main street, right by an ice cream shop."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Oh dude, I'm, I'm right next to you. [the framing for the two scenes is removed to reveal the one image of Cartman standing next to the CIA agents. They look at each other]"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Oh, hey."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, day. Kyle is still at his computer when Stan walks in."
The Snuke,Stan,"Dude, we totally got let out of school."
The Snuke,Kyle,"I know. Something big is going on. Take a look at this. I did a Google search for ""Hillary Clinton Campaign Rally"" right? And one of the links was to YouTube, where this Russian guy had a bunch of videos."
The Snuke,Stan,Russian?
The Snuke,Kyle,"Yeah, this guy. [a YouTube profile page is shown] Vladimir Stolfsky. He had videos on YouTube of every single rally."
The Snuke,Stan,So he's a Hillary Clinton fan.
The Snuke,Kyle,"No. I cross-referenced his YouTube profile with MySpace, and according to his blog, he's an old-school Communist. So what's he doing at every Clinton rally?"
The Snuke,Stan,Do a WebCrawler search: maybe he has podcasts up somewhere.
The Snuke,Kyle,Oh that's a good idea. [does the search]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The Hakeem house, later. Police, SWAT, and CIA move in on the house and arrest Baahir's parents."
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,What is going on? What have we done?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,They claim they don't know anything about an attack.
The Snuke,Cartman,Big surprise!
The Snuke,Police officer,"Sir, first pass of the house, we didn't find a snuke detonator anywhere."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Mr. Hakeem, where is your son?"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,We thought he was at school. He's not at school?
The Snuke,Scene Description,A clinic nearby. Hillary is up on stirrups while some police and agents look at an X-ray of her abdomen and groin.
The Snuke,Brian,"You're doing great, Ms. Clinton."
The Snuke,Hillary,"Do they know how long, Brian? How long before the snuke in my snizz goes off?"
The Snuke,Brian,"They'll find the detonator, Hildog."
The Snuke,Aide 3,"We can't wait for them to find the detonator. If we can get to the bomb, me-maybe we can deactivate it. Can't somebody go and take a look inside Mrs. Clinton's snizz?"
The Snuke,EOD leader,[part of the bomb squad] I'm not sending any of my men in there.
The Snuke,Chris,Are you almost ready to set off the bomb?
The Snuke,Vladimir,Everything is set. We have the detonator up and running. [the detonator is shown with its LED readout: 12:34:10... 12:34:11... 12:34:12... 12:34:13... ]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"An interrogation room. A CIA agent grills Mr. Hakeem, with a female agent as witness."
The Snuke,Agent 2,"Mr. Hakeem, we need to know where your son is!"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"I tell you, I do not know."
The Snuke,Agent 2,"[sighs, then leaves the room with the female agent and enters the adjoining control room, where Mr. Thompson is waiting] This is getting us nowhere. If he knows anything, he's not saying."
The Snuke,Cartman,Let me have time with him.
The Snuke,Female agent,What are you going to do?
The Snuke,Cartman,We have to find that detonator! Let me have time with him! [removes his cap and goes in] You will tell me where your son is!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"He should be at school! [Cartman walks off and brings back a stool, setting it against Mr. Hakeem's chair. He climbs up and stands on the stool, drops his pants, and starts farting.] Hey!"
The Snuke,Cartman,[farts] Where is the detonator?!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,Wuh-what detonator are you ta-
The Snuke,Cartman,"[farts some more, and again, and again] I can do this aaall day."
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"[coughs] I don't know anything about a- [Cartman farts a short one, and then a long one that makes Mr. Hakeem turn away] Aawwwwgh [holds his breath, gasps for air and coughs] Stop it! Really!"
The Snuke,Cartman,You can make it stop!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"[almost weeps] I don't have the- [Cartman farts for a long time, and the female agent turns away from the one-way window]"
The Snuke,Female agent,Are we just gonna let this go on? [Cartman continues farting]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, later."
The Snuke,Kyle,"Okay, I got a text of the Russian guy's podcast. It's all a bunch of links to eBay."
The Snuke,Stan,You should be able to search his username on eBay and see what he's been buying and selling. [CIA agents enter the room quickly with their equipment]
The Snuke,CIA vice head,"Ferris, set up over there. Two of you can take that bed area. [Stan steps down for a better look at the activity]"
The Snuke,Kyle,Hey.
