"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus","""Y2K"" Man","Yeah, you're supposed to know!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 4,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 5,"Yeah, you're Jesus."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 6,Hey!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 5,You're the one in control.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Oh. Well. Yea. Believe in me and ye shall find peace.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Yeah yeah yeah, we've heard that crap for about 2000 years now! We wanna hear somethin' new! It's the year 2000, for Christ's sake!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, what do ya want?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Fr. Maxi,We want to see God!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Randy,"Yeah, with our own eyes."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,We followed blindly for thousands of years and we think the least God can do is show up for New Year's Eve 1999!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,That's right!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Oh. Uuuh, let me think about that for a minute. [backs up and closes the door. The people in the crowd are left to talk amongst themselves]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man With Picket Sign,[to man to his left] Is that good?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 7,I don't know.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 8,I don't know. Is that good or not?!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room. The phone rings and Stan goes to answer it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Hello?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Dude, did you get your period yet?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No, there's no blood coming out of my ass."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Mine neither. But I double-checked, and Cartman was right. Your period is the start of puberty."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Well, if Cartman is the only one who get it and he thinks he's too grown-up to hang out with us on New Year's Eve, then screw him anyways."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Yeah.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The McCormick shack, the restroom. Kenny reads from the South Park Enquirer on the pot. A stool drops into the toilet, and Kenny gets up to check it out"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,[seeing the red streak] (Woohoo! [jumps for joy] Woohoooo!)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Al's Pharmacy. Inside, the boys check out various tampons. Cartman looks over a box of Breeze tampons"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Come on, Cartman, we have to make plans for New Year's."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Hold your horses, guys. This is very important for mature people. [drops the Breeze and picks up the Plug-Ups. Softly] Let's see. Offers complete protection during heavy flow, hm. [swaps the Plug-Ups for the Cotton Cork] Lessee, might slow stoppage of vaginal chunks, eh. [swaps the Cotton Cork for the Beaver Dam] Oh, this one's got wings, you guys!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"[rushes in] (You guys! You guys, I did it! I got my very own period!)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,[pleased] You did?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"You got your period too, Kenny?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"(Yeah, it was awesome! I was just sitting down and then I got my period!)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Well welcome to the club, Kenny. You got your period, so now you're a man. We can hang out together on New Year's Eve. [Stan shrugs, but looks worried] But first you need to buy some Maxi pads to stuff in the back of your pants so you don't get blood on your underwear."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,[exults] (Woo-hoo!)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Jesus' house. The crowd awaits his decision. Inside, Jesus paces the floor"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"[from the TV] Tom, it looked for a second as if Jesus was going to come out of his house, but then he went back inside. But meanwhile, more and more people are showing up to show their support for Jesus. [a man holds up a sign saying: ""It's the end of the MILLENIUM. Please don't kill us JESUS"". Jesus looks in wonder]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rancher,"[holding a Bible] Well, the way I see it, if he really is who he says he is, well then he'd better do somethin' on New Year's Eve, 'cause it's in the Bible!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[sighs heavily] Father, I need to talk to you. Please, Father, appear to me. [a flash of light and swirling clouds follow as Jesus comes forward to meet his father]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"[voice-over] What is it, my child?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Father, everyone is starting to pay attention to me again because of the new millennium. Huh-I'm kinda making a comeback!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Yea, like John Travolta before you. You are experiencing a second revival."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"It's the millennium, Father. People want to see you."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Nay, their eyes are not yet prepared to see the likes of me."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"But dad, I think this may be my one big shot at a comeback."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Be ye careful of pride, Jesus."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Just make an appearance. You can come down, say 'hi' to a few people and can be back by 12:30."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"I'm sorry, my son, but if you want to earn everyone's love, you will have to do it yourself."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, living room, day. Ike is playing with a set of blocks. Kyle approaches him."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Ike, can I talk to you? [sits down next to Ike]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,"Uh ar, stufid."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Ike, I don't know what to do. All the guys are getting their periods, and I don't think I am. I can't be the last one to get it. I just can't!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,Whoa won toooo-reeee.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Cartman got his, then Kenny. What if tomorrow Stan says he got his and I'm left out? I might not even get to be their friend anymore."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,No. Martur sucker. Moghee. Muckeh m'gwoss. Tabyudog.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Yeah! I could just say I got my period! It's not like they'll check. I can just say I got my period, 'cause I really will get it someday! It's not really lying, it's just jumping the gun a little."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,Cokeh mocker.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[stands and moves out] Thanks a lot, Ike!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Stan, Kenny and Cartman are hanging out there."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,So you guys aren't gonna spend New Year's Eve with us?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Look, Kenny and I are mature now. We can't spend New Year's Eve with a couple of kids. Did you get your Maxi pads, Kenny?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(No. All I could get was a couple of tampons.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,Tampon? What's a tampon?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"(See, a tampon is what you stick up your ass so you don't bleed.)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Ew, doesn't that hurt?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(A little.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[rushes up quite excited] You guys! I got my period, too!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Wow, cool!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[frightened] You did?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Yeah! [Stan looks down sadly] I was just hanging out in my room, and then I perioded all over the place."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"All right! You have to be in me and Kenny's club, then. My mom gave me this ""Women Who Run With The Wolves"" book and I'm finding out all about our goddess powers."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Awesome! We get powers?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Yeah! Come on, we can set everything up in my clubhouse and get ready for New Year's Eve! [Stan is left alone, but Cartman returns] Hey, don't feel bad, Stan. Some of us just mature a little later than others. [walks away]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. He's ready for bed, but sits at his desk with pencil and paper at the ready. He picks the pencil up and writes"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. If you wouldn't mind, I don't wanna be the only kid who doesn't get his period before the new year. Could you speed up my development a little? Thanks, God. Your friend, Stan [He sets his pencil down and goes to bed]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Jesus' house, outside, night. The camera crews and crowd keep vigil. One window on the house is lit from within"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Are you there, God? It's me, Jesus. I feel like I've got a real shot at a comeback, God. For whatever reason, people are starting to follow me again. I'm 2000 years old, but I feel like I'm 28 again! I think I'm going to win everybody back, because I just made a few phone calls, and I'm going to put on the most amazing New Year's spectacle this world has ever seen!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Marsh house, Stan's room, day. An alarm goes off, and Terrance and Phillip are heard."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Phillip,"[a rooster crows] Oh God, you're smelly!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Announcer,"Good morning, South Park, it's 8 a.m., [Stan awakens] and only two more days until the new millennium! [Stan moves towards the radio, than away from it, then hides under the covers, then sprints for the restroom. Quickly, he lowers his pajamas and briefs]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Dammit! Dammit dammit dammit!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,"Stanley, honey, what's the matter?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[sobbing] I'm not bleeding out my aahass!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,"Well, that's good, honey."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No it's not! It's terrible! [Sharon looks worried. Stan returns to his bed and prays] Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. How come you didn't help me? I know you're really busy with things, but this is a matter of life and death. If I don't get my period, my friends won't let me hang out with them on New Year's Eve. Please, please give me my period soon."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Jesus' house, day, one day before New Year's eve. The camera crews and crowd keep vigil. A woman yawns, and the front door opens again"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,Here he comes!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,He's coming out!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[steps out and closes the door] ...I have given it much thought, my children, and you are right. After reviewing the Bible, it does indeed say that something very big is going to happen at the millennium. [the crowd cheers and jumps for joy] I have spoken to my Father in heaven, and he agreed that the millennium is significant to all of us. And ye who believe in me SHALL be rewarded! [more cheering and jumping] So what we're going to do tomorrow night, New Year's Eve, 1999: we just got ROD STEWART to agree to play a comeback concert at the Rio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, and you're all going! [...silence]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man,"...We knew you could do it, Jesus! [the crowd begins to cheer again, and Jesus grins]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Well, I'd better book my ass a flight to Vegas! [hurries away]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Fr. Maxi,[beings to sing. Others step aside] For he is Savior For he is Lord
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,He gives me hope when I have only been bored And he lifts me up with His gentle arm...
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Ewok Village 2000. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny sit in a circle with candles next to them."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"[wearing a bandana and flowers] Okay, is everyone accounted for? Goddess Wind?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,[with bandana and leafy wings] Here.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,Goddess Moon? Goddess Moon?!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"[with fine pendant on his hood and purple cape] (Dammit, here!)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"And I'm here, Goddess Earthly Delight. So this is the first meeting of our club for teens who have gotten their periods. We're supposed to talk about our periods. And boys. Let's talk about boys first. I think Craig is pretty cool, but I don't think Clyde is very cool."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"I think Clyde is kind of cool, but Craig is definitely cooler than Clyde."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"(Yes, I agree. I think Craig is a thousand times as cool as Clyde. There doesn't really seem to be a doubt.)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Okay, that settles that. Now let's talk about our periods. Kyle, you first."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Oh. Ah-ah. Ah-uh-m-m.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"What's the matter, Kyle?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Nothing. Um [clears his throat], my period is really uuuh... [Cartman looks on skeptically] Uuuh, my period is going swimmingly."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"...Okay, that makes sense. Mine is going swimmingly, too."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(And mine too.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,[sighs] Phew.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,Chef's house. Stan walks up and knocks
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"[opens the door] Oh, hello Stan."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[despondent] Hey, Chef."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,How's it going?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Bad.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,Why bad?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Can I come in?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Well, sure. [Stan enters and Chef closes the door. They sit on the sofa] Now, what's the matter, little cracker?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Chef, I have ...this friend, see? And this person is really bummed out, because everyone else the same age has gotten their period, and this person hasn't."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"OOH, you're talkin' about your older sister, Shelly."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,No.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Your little girlfriend, Wendy."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Look, it doesn't matter who it is. The point is that everyone else got their period and this person hasn't."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Look, Stan. Do you really know what a period is?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Yeah, Cartman told us."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Stan, let me sing you a little song about the menstrual cycle. I think it might clear things up for you. [gets up and faces him]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Okay.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Ooo baby, yeah baby, ooo baby. Yeah baby, yeah baby, now baby. Ooo yeah, yes yes baby Yeahyeahyeah, uh-huh baby now Agh! Agh! Awww! No, baby! Ewww, baby! No, no! Alright now—I'm alright, I'm-I'm cool, it's okay. Uh alright, watch out for the bedspread, baby. Look out now, it's- alright, I'll tell you what. Uuh, how about uuh, uh. Why don't I call you next week? And that's my song about the menstrual cycle, Stan. Did that clear things up for you?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[thinks] ...So what you're saying is, this person shouldn't be bummed because everybody has their period at a different time."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,...Is that what I said?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"But it's not fair! It's not fair that one day you're on top, that you're the coolest kid in town, and then the next day you're at the bottom again, 'cause everyone has blood coming out their ass but you, and if I can't menstruate, then by God, I'm not gonna sit around and be the only periodless 8-year-old boy! I'm gonna do something about it! [hops off and heads out the door.]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,Whoa! I musta missed a WHOLE middle part there.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Rod Stewart's mansion, day. Jesus sits on a leather sofa with Stewart's agent. Around them are Grammys, some pictures of Stewart and framed gold records"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Agent,"I can't tell you how excited Rod Stewart is about this millennium concert. He's gotten a little older, but you're gonna see how much he can still rock."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Hoh, I'm excited too. I think it will bring my Father's children back to their faith and back to mine eyes, for I an the Lamb of God."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Agent,"Yeah t-and uh, you know, Rod is a seasoned veteran, so I'm gonna have to ask for a bit more cash, but we could talk about that later; here comes Rod now. [some double doors open, and a nurse wheels Rod into the room]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Hullo-o-o.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[surprised, but quickly recovers and shakes Rod's hand] Hey, Rod, great to see you."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Oh.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Uh, the folks are sure glad you're playing. It's really given them a lot of faith in me again. I'm sure that together, we can make this millennium party the best New Year's bash ever!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,What?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Poo pants?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped 'nmuh pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Uh, you pooped your pants?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped in my pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Oh Uh-n nurse? Mr. Stewart has apparently pooped his pants?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Nurse,"Again?! [turns Rod around to wheel him away] Now, Mr. Stewart, what did we say about trying to hold in Mr. Dookie? [exits with Rod. Jesus can only look on, shocked]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Genetic Engineering Ranch, night"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"[leading Stan into the lab] Yes, puberty is a very wonderful thing, Stan. It's what links us all together, makes us one."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,But what happens if there's someone who never went through puberty.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,Never went through puberty? Who never went through puberty?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Nn-nobody! I mean, uh, well, m-my dad."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,Your father never went through puberty?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No. And uh, that's why he sent me here; 'cause he's too embarrassed to come himself."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"Oh, I can't say that I blame him."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,So do you know anything that can help him?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"Well, I should think the most logical solution would be... hormones."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Hormones? [smiles. Mephesto takes him to the medicine cabinet]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"Yes! [removes a bottle of PURE HORMONES] Here, and tell your father to take just one of these pills every week. It could be just what he needs. And be sure to tell him that his secret is safe with me."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Thanks a lot, Dr. Mephesto. You're the best! [walks away with the bottle]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,My pleasure. I just love helping people.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Genetic Engineering Ranch, outside. Stan looks at the bottle and reads the prescription: ""one tablet weekly."" He pops the lid off... One tablet falls, and then the empty bottle."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Ewok Village 2000, next day. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny have reassembled."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Now, for our first club activity, we're supposed to reach into this little dish and pull out a word. We look at the word and think about what that word means to us. [tips the bowl towards Kyle, who reaches in and takes a slip of paper]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[unfurls and reads] Okay. Today's word is ""spirituality."" What that means to me is uh- [thump. The three look up]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[outside, below] Hey assholes! [the three rise and head for a window]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Oh, look. It's that little boy who hasn't gotten his period yet."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[now with some facial hair] Don't you worry about that! I've started taking hormones!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Hormones?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Yeah, they make you have your puberty quicker. And I'm just here to tell you that my puberty is gonna be bigger than any of you guys's!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Dude, I don't think 8-year olds are supposed to take hormones."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Yeah, you shouldn't force your period, Stan. You should let it come, like the morning dew."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,So what are we gonna do for New Year's?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Well, we're going with our families to Las Vegas. I guess there'll be some younger kids there, too, if you wanna go."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[voice breaking] Aaaargh. I'm gonna go take some more hormones. [walks away. The other three withdraw and resume their discussion]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Now, the word is ""spirituality."" I believe that the goddess in me is my spirituality because she-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Ooooowwwwwwwhh.) [leans forward in pain]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Quiet, Kenny. The goddess lives in all of us and has-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Oh- ooowww!)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Goddammit, Kenny, shut the hell up!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Aaaaaa!) [falls back and passes out. Blood spews up from his mouth]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital. An ambulance is parked outside. Inside, the McCormick parents sit in the waiting room holding hands"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,Mr. and Ms. McCormick.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",McCormick Parents,Yes?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,I'm sorry. We... couldn't save your son.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ms. McCormick,"[sobbing] Oh my God, my little Kenny's gone. I can't believe it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,We just didn't get to him in time. There's nothing we could do.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stuart,"What happened? What killed him, doctor?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,"Well, we found a... tampon stuck up your child's ass. Apparently, he'd had it up there for several days. It plugged him up until he finally burst from the inside out like a ruptured septic tank."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ms. McCormick,[sobbing] Oh my God.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,My worry is that he could have been following some kind of crazy new fad. Perhaps the children are all shoving tampons up their ass because they've seen the Backstreet Boys doing it on TV or something.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ms. McCormick,[sobbing] Gi-ih [gulp]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,"We must get to the bottom of this! ...if you'll pardon the pun. But actually, right now, I've got to catch a plane to Las Vegas to see the Rod Stewart Millennium Show."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stuart,Rod Stewart's gonna be in Vegas?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Las Vegas, night. Klieg lights search the sky as a large crowd gathers for the concert. Craig Netzel is on scene"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"Tom, I'm here live in Las Vegas, where tomorrow night THE New Year's Eve event is going to happen. Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, is presenting Rod Stewart, the undisputed King of Pop, right here at this hotel behind me. [tents and stands pepper the grounds. Some of them have been seen in South Park before] It looks as though Jesus really has come through. [Jesus is in his room looking at the report] Everyone is very excited, because rumor has it that God Himself is gonna show up to the event."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,[shocked] What??
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"How about you, ma'am? Do you think God is gonna show up tomorrow night?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ma'am,[in party hat] Of course he is. This is Jesus we're talking about. He wouldn't let us down.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[turns off the TV] Oh no! Are you there, God? Father, will you please reconsider and show up tomorrow? [no answer] ...Hello?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"New Year's Eve, morning. Stan's radio alarm goes off"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,"Stanley. [Stan awakes. A beard is forming] Wake up, honey. It's time to leave for Las Vegas. [he jumps out of bed and walks past a Terrance and Phillip full-length mirror. He stops, walks backwards, and looks at his reflection, strokes his sparse beard, turns to look at himself from the side...]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Who-o-oa, du-ude. I've got boobs."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Las Vegas, New Year's Eve, 1999, night. The stage area. The crowds erupts in anticipation"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"[walks in with Kyle] Hey, Las Vegas is a pretty cool place for us mature people. [Jesus takes the stage and speaks]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Alright, people. Are we ready to rock the millennium?! [the crowd roars. Jesus steps backstage and prays] Father in heaven, please let tonight's show go well. Please make them like it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[Butters is already next to Cartman] Hey, here comes Stan."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[walks up, with a deep boy voice] Have I missed anything?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Wow, Stan, you really got some nice titties there."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Did you get your period yet, Stan?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No. I didn't, but-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Buh- Don't worry. You'll get it someday. Come on, Kyle. Let's go see what kind of tampons they have here in Las Vegas. [he and Kyle walk off]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, I tell you one thing. I sure as heck am excited. We've got about four hours to the new year, and so I think it's time to START IT UP! Ladies and gentlemen, as promised, Mr. Rod ""Do You Think I'm Sexy?"" Stewart! [the curtains open as Jesus steps aside. The nurse rolls Rod up to the mic and walks away as the band plays. The crowd has no reaction. The band pauses after a while, so Rod can sing]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,"O-o-oh. [the band riffs a bit] O-oh. [the band plays on. Jesus keeps time] O-o-o-oh. Be-eh-o-o-or. [Stan walks around and then sits on a curb, truly depressed. Rod continues to sing unintelligibly]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,"[disgusted] Whoa, man."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Oh. Uh pooped 'em. [the band resumes play as the nurse brings a bucket on stage and checks him out]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,This sucks balls!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Blonde,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 7,"Alright, enough of this! Bring out God!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 9,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Oh no.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,We want God! We want God! We want God!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[""We want God""] Please, Father. Do something."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,We want God!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[goes onstage again] Uh, folks, I'm afraid God can't make it tonight."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Randy,We came all the way to Las Vegas for this?!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,"This is the worst New Year's ever! Thanks a lot, Jesus!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Skeeter,Let's get him! [leads the charge to the stage]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,Craig Netzel with some breaking news. The crowd has begun to riot.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"Well, Tom, I'm here live in Las Vegas in what is quickly becoming known as ""the gayest party ever."" Everyone is so outraged that they are building a large cross in which to once again crucify our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. [behind him, two men pop in and out of view. One holds a bat, the other runs back and forth. The man with the bat beats the other man down, but the other man pops up and continues running]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[goes onstage] Jesus, why does God hate me?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Huh? He doesn't hate you, he hates me. He's gonna let me be crucified again."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,He hates me more. He doesn't answer my prayers. I prayed to him every day and he never answered me.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, yeah, but just because God doesn't answer your prayers doesn't mean he doesn't care about you."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Well then, why didn't he give me what I wanted?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, God can't just answer every prayer and suddenly give you everything you want. That takes all the living out of life."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,What do you mean?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"If God answered all our prayers, there'd be nothing left for us to do ourselves. Life is about problems, and overcoming those problems. [becomes reflective] A-and growing and learning from obstacles. If God just fixed everything for us, then there'd be no point in our existence. [realizes something] That's why he wouldn't show up to my New Year's party."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,I just wanted my period.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"I get it now, Father. I had to learn all this on my own. [Skeeter and five other men bring a large cross in] I was overcome with my new popularity and, and I let pride get in the way of good judgment. [a bright light appears in the sky and descends towards the stage. The crowd gapes in awe]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man,"Whoa, what is that??"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,[the light approaches him] It's Dad.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Fr. Maxi,God? God is going to show himself??
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,"Look, I can see him. [the light begins to bathe the crowd]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Father. You came.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Now look upon Me, My children, and know Me. [now the crowd is shocked] Be ye not afraid. [God is shown as some kind of short-legged squirrel, elephant, cat, hippopotamus hybrid] Blessed art thou, my children. [a man's party blower falls from his lips]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Randy,That's God?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Yea, 'tis my Father, the Creator. He is the Alpha and the Omega. [a snake's tongue lashes out from God's mouth] The Beginning and the End."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Well, yeah, but that??"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"What did you expect me to look like, My son?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,[thinks a moment] ...Well not like that!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Since it is the end of the first 2000 years, I will allow you, My children, to ask me one question."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Gerald,[next to Mr. Mackey] One question?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Mackey,Only one?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,What should we ask him?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"We have to think carefully. We can ask him anything we want, like, ""What's the meaning of life?"" or ""Why are we here?""."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,I have it. I have the question. [steps forth] Now you have to answer me once and for all! How come I haven't gotten my period yet?! [the crowd stands aghast]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"[after a while] My child, you are a boy. Boys do not get periods. That's only for girls. Your friends were bleeding a little bit out of their asses because of an acute colon infection. And your friend Kyle simply lied about it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,[exposed] How do know that?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"You will hit puberty when the time is right. But you will never have a period, because you are a man — with titties. Thus spaketh the Lord. And now I return to heaven. [transforms into the light and returns the way he came]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Hey, wait! That doesn't count as our question, does it??"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"I'll answer another on New Year's Eve, in the year 4000. [zips away]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Did you hear that everybody? I'm not even supposed to have my period; that's why God wasn't answering me before! [people look at him, annoyed] Boy, I'm sure everything worked out okay. [looks around] I guess now we can all celebrate the New Year, huh? Should auld acquaintance be forgot [end credits roll] And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot And auld lang syne? For auld lang syne, my dear, For auld lang syne..."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Skeeter,Let's get him.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Let's have a cup o -Aaaa! [mayhem ensues as people riot, breaking wood and glass all around. A gunshot is heard, a couple of women scream, and the rioting goes on]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,A promo is the first thing shown. Live-action shots throughout
World Wide Recorder Concert,Announcer,"This Saturday, Pox presents the musical event of the new millennium! You all remember playing the recorder in elementary school! [a recorder resting on a book of sheet music is shown] Well, this Saturday in Oklahoma City [its skyline is shown], over 4 million third-grade students [a crowd of them is shown] from all over the country [a school bus full of students is shown] will gather in one place, and at the same time, play ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"" on their recorders. [a girl is shown playing a white one] It's the largest third-grade recorder concert ever! [An elderly man instructs three students, one of them in a wheelchair] Special guest conductor Yoko Ono [pictured] and woodwind virtuoso Kenny G [pictured] will lead this fantastic event! This Saturday, at 11 Eastern / 10 Central. The world will be watching! [close-up of a small boy playing his recorder]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mr. Garrison's classroom. He rushes to the front of the class and stands next to a pull-down screen on which is projected ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, we've still got some time to practice the song before we load up the bus and head out for Oklahoma."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Class,[groaning] Awww.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Now, come on, there's gonna be over 4 million third-graders from all over the country there, and I wanna make sure South Park is the best! Okay?! [raises his baton] Recorders up. [the students set their recorders between their lips] And a-1 and a-2 and a- [the class begins to play the song. Some students play slow] ""...of liberty."" You're late! [the kids play faster, but are still off] ""...my father-"" What the hell was that?! [the students lower their recorders] God-damnit, I don't think you children have been working on your fingering!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"That's not true, Mr. Garrison: Kyle was working on his fingering with his mom all night long."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"[Kenny laughs] Shut up, fatass!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Heh, heh. No, seriously. Kyle's mom says Kyle's getting really good at fingering, heh. [Kenny laughs so hard he falls off his seat]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Shut up, Eric! There's gonna be 4 million children playing this song at the same time on their recorders, and, so help me God, South Park Elementary is not gonna be the only ones that don't know the song! Try again! Recorders up. [the students set their recorders between their lips] And a-1 and a-2 and a- [the class begins to play the song. Mr. Garrison genuflects and bangs his head against his desk. Mr. Mackey walks in, looking at this behavior]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, that sounded great, kids. [Mr. Garrison looks up at him]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[rising] Sure, if you like the sound of a peacock getting its neck broken."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, kids. Uh, we have some news. Uh, there's been a terrible flood in Oklahoma, m'kay? So the 4-million-recorder-children's event is being moved to Arkansas."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[close-up. He's suddenly scared] Arkansas?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,What's Arkansas—is that a state?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Eh, the trip shouldn't take any longer, but I'll hand out these updated contact sheets so that your parents will know where you are, m'kay? [hands them out. Craig reads his sheet.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Mackey, can I talk to you for a second?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,M'kay. [joins Mr. Garrison aside]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Mackey, um... I can't go to Arkansas. Somebody's gonna have to fill in for me."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,What? We can't find anybody to fill in for you. Why can't you go to Arkansas?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[wistfully] Arkansas is where I grew up. My parents live there—my [stifles a sob] ...father still lives there.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Well, don't you want to see them?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,I haven't seen my father for 23 years.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, perhaps you should sit down, Mr. Garrison, m'kay? [walks him over to a chair and sits him down] Mr. Garrison, I know this is very difficult, m'kay, but I must ask: is there a history of sexual abuse in your family?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"...Some, yes. There was my uncle, Richard. He... he molested me."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,When was that?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Saturday. Last, last Saturday. He's a paraplegic, but it didn't—"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, eh, and your father? He molested you when you were a boy? [Mr. Garrison begins to cry] Mr. Garrison, I think, when we get to Arkansas, you need to see your father. You need to face this demon in your closet, m'kay?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[turns away] Don't look at me! Uh, y'all go on your bastard trip and just- don't look at me! [hurries out of the classroom crying]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That was pretty cool.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,M'kay.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The trip begins. Inside the bus, Mr. Mackey is up front reading a book, Mr. Garrison is in the very back opposite Terrence and the redhead"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[with recorder] Okay, how about this one, Kenny? [plays an A note]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Uh-uh.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,No? How about this? [plays a G note]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Nope.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Hm, interesting. Let's see: how about this? [plays a Gb note. Kyle and Stan turn around on their seat]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"We're trying to find the brown noise—it's this one pitch, this certain frequency that makes people lose bowel control."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"What's ""lose bowel control?"""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That's a scientific term for crapping your pants.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Oh, brother, here we go again. Cartman, there is not a sound frequency that makes people crap their pants!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,Yes there is! The French experimented with it in World War II!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Nuh-uh!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"How about this one, Kenny? [plays an F note]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Nuh-uh.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"There is no brown noise, fat boy!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That's nice. When I find it I'll just make you crap yourself so you look like Karen Carpenter.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Who's Karen Carpenter?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Aaaaaah! [apparently, he's seen a sign that reads: ""Arkansas 410 miles. Rest Stop 5 miles""] Huhh, ohh, [the students and Mr. Mackey look back.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Mr. Garrison, are you alright?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,Mr. Garrison isn't here right now.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay-Mr. Garrison, you're just having a hard time dealing with the memories of your father's sexual abuse, so you switch personalities to Mr. Hat, m'kay?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,"Oh, good one, Sherlock! You figure that out all by yourself?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,M'kay-I think the best thing for Mr. Garrison to do is to go see his father.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,"No! No, you moron! [Mr. Mackey gets annoyed] Mr. Garrison can't let the memories end! Just leave us alone!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay! Mr. Hat, you need to let me talk to Mr. Garrison, m'kay?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,Why would he want to talk to a second-rate dopey-ass elementary-school psychologist?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,What did you say?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,"You heard me, jackass! There's monkeys that make better counselors than you!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Why, you son of a bitch! [rips Mr. Hat from Mr. Garrison's hand and starts beating him up. Mr. Hat smacks Mr. Mackey down in front of Terrence, who looks aghast]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Whoa! Mr. Mackey and Mr. Hat are fighting. [the other students turn to see the fight]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"I'm gonna kick your ass, m'kay?! [resumes fighting Mr. Hat]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Students,[cheering] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Ms. Crabtree,BE QUIET BACK THERE!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Yuh-NO! [panting, dirty and black-eyed, gets up and places Mr. Hat between Mr. Garrison's arms] You may have won this time, Mr. Hat."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The journey continues. The school bus and its passengers finally reach their destination - a large lot filled with buses and tents, and children"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, I want everyone to stay together, m'kay? Nobody move!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[a female with clipboard, walking up] School?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,Excuse me?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,What school are you from?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, uh we're from South Park, Colorado?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"Ssss, alright. South Park school, you go over there next to the kids from New York. [distracted by something away from the bus] Nono, don't put the Florida kids in the building! [moves away. The class walks past the New York children]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,[sitting on the bus's front right fender] Ey! Look at the little Eskimos in their freakin' hats and gloves.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,"Yeah, huh? [they begin to snicker as the South Park kids look back]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Whoa, look at this kid's coat. [Kenny's] Ey, kid. What's the matter—you a freakin' burn victim or somethin'? What? [the others laugh]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"[aside, to Stan] Who the hell are these guys?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,I didn't know they was invitin' rednecks to this event!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,We're not rednecks!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Yeah! That's Texas, butthole!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Oh yeah? Well, you look like a bunch of queefs to me, huh?! [the other New Yorkers laugh]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[aside, to Stan, softly] Stan, what's a queef?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Kenny?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(I don't know!)
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Oh, brother! You guys don't even know what a queef is, huh?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Of course we know what a queef is, you queef!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Black kid,"[wearing EKKO shirt] Oh yeah? Well, what is it, then?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,Aaaa-
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Why?! Don't you know?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Are all redneck queefs from Colorado as stupid as youse?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Alright, dickhole! [feedback is heard, and all look to the source]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[on bullhorn] I need everyone's attention, please! We will now all be moving in an orderly fashion to our assigned hotels. Please follow your group leader to check in."
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"[as South Park leaves] Yeah see ya later, queefs! [at least Stan and Kyle are pissed off. They look angry as they look at each other]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Roman Holiday Inn, night. The four boys share a room with two beds. They sit amid stacks of books looking for information"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Ungh, I can't find the word ""queef"" anywhere! [drops his book]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,[reading another book] Well keep looking! We gotta find out what it means before we see those New Yorker kids again!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Well, let's try the dictionary. [picks it up] queasy, Quebec, queen quelch. No queef."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Damnit! [closes his book]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[reading another book, jumps for joy] Hey, I found it, you guys! I found it!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You did? [the other three gather around]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,What's it mean?! What's it mean?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"I told you guys! Here it is, right here. ""The brown noise."""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Awwgh!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Damnit Cartman, wha-?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"""An oscillation of sound that causes the bowels to loosen."" See? That means crap your pants. ""The brown noise is believed to be 92 cents below the lowest octave of Eb."" What does that mean?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Who cares? We have to find out what queef means! Keep reading! [he and the other two return to their books and read on]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Garrison's home town, night. He walks to his former home, his parents' house, in the rain"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[on the walkway, sighs] I can do this. I have to do this. [approaches the door and rings the bell. His father answers] Hello. Dad."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Oh, hello, son."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,Can I ...come in?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Ub. Sure, of course. [Mr. Garrison enters] Your mom's out at Bridge Night. You want a beer or somethin'?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"No. I don't think that will solve any of our problems, though you seem to think it did."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, what?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"I have a lot of demons that I need to face, father. I need to know some things."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, okay, like what?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, alright, let's just cut right to it! [sighs] I've come to ask you about the sexual abuse, dad!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,What??
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,I have to know why! Right here and now—we're gonna talk about this!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,What the hell are you talking about?! I never sexually abused you!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,I know! I wanna know why not?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,WHAT??
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,Was it that I was ugly?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Oh, my God! [turns around]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"I wasn't good enough for you! Was that it, Dad?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, NO!! [walks away, but his son rushes up to grab him]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Sure, you can go off and screw any whore on Wyland Street, but when it came to your own son you were just too busy! [runs off crying. Mr. Garrison Sr. can only express shock.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The 4 Million Child Blow 2000 lot, next day. Looks like the 4 million kids are assembled"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[Onstage] Alright, everyone, quiet please! There are over 4 million of you, so we must have quiet! At this time I would like to introduce the woman who is making this all possible, Yoko Ono! [motions for Yoko to enter]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"Please [orates 20 seconds of incomprehensible, imitation, Japanese-accented English]... sing song ""My Country 'Tis of Thee."""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"You heard her, We'll start the rehearsal in a few minutes."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Those New Yorker kids are gonna be here any second, and we still don't know what queef means."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Well, we can still pre-tend like we know what it means."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"No, they'll catch on. Hey, wait a minute. I've got a great idea. Let's make up our own word. We can make up a word, and then use it, ...and then they'll act like they know it, and then we'll bust 'em."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Yeah. That'll make 'em look stupid!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,What word could we make up?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,How about... finkleroy?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"No, uhno, not finkleroy."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"How about geebo, or, or mung?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Yeah, mung."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Mung's good.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Sh. Here they come. [the New Yorkers arrive]
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Well hel-lo there, queefs. All bundled up nice and warm, are we?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You know what you guys are? You guys are nothing but mung?
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,We're not mung. You're mung.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Oh, so you know what mung means, hunh?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Of course we know what mung means!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Athlete,"Yeah, D'ya think we wouldn't know what mung means? [Stan laughs, then Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny join in]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,We busted you!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Hyeh. Yeah. Mung isn't even a word! We made it up! [they resume laughing]
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,You guys are even stupider than I thought! Mung is so a word!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,[the boys stop laughing] It is?
World Wide Recorder Concert,New Yorkers,[behind the two toughs and two others] Yeah. [they turn around]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Athlete,It sure is.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New Yorker 1,Yeah.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New Yorker 2,Uh huh. [turns around]
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Yeah! Mung is the stuff that comes out when you push down on a pregnant woman's stomach.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,[winces] Eewww.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Ooogh.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"You guys didn't know that? [the rest of the New Yorkers turn around and they all laugh. Then, the rest of the 4 million+ kids laugh with them] Come on, guys. Let's get away from these rednecks before we get redneckasitis, or somethin'! [they leave. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny turn on Cartman]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"You dumbass, Cartman!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Yeah! Next time you make up a word, don't make up one that already exists!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, day. Mrs. Garrison Sr. and her son are sipping coffee on the sofa"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"It's so nice to see you, son. I'm so proud that you're part of the 4 Million Child Recorder Blow."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Yes. I hope it's okay if I stay here a few nights, Mother, I... I have some things I really need to talk to you about."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,About what?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[set his cup down and sighs] Mother, did you know that ...Dad... never sexually molested me?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,That... that can't be.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"He never did, Mom, not once."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,[stands] That's not true! Your father loved you! Often!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[stands] He never did, Mom! And I think you knew he never did!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"[cups her ears and shuts her eyes, spilling her coffee] Nohoho! No! If I knew I would have made him do it!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,You stood by and let it happen! You saw him come home drunk and then just go right to sleep!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,I'm not listening!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Face it, Mother. He never abused me! [his mom starts to cry, and his dad enters the room carrying groceries]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, what's goin' on?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,Mother won't hear the truth!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,He says you didn't molest him as a child!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Ah-I didn't! You knew I didn't!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,No! I didn't know! [cups her ears and shuts her eyes again] I'm not listening!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"You can't close your eyes forever, Mother! [she walks away, crying] Mother, wait! [runs after her. Again, Mr. Garrison Sr. is shocked]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The 4 Million Child Blow 2000 lot, later. Kenny G has joined Yoko Ono and the coordinator onstage"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"[Speaks in imitation, harshly thick, Japanese-accented English] Alright people, how many people has a copy. We must have-a practiced the ... song for the performance tomorrow, please."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"Okay, children. We need to play closer attention to the sheet music. Remember, if you get lost, just follow along with Mr. Kenny G here."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Hey, that's it, Kenny. Maybe Kenny G can show us where 92 cents below the lowest Eb is. Then we'll know the brown noise."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Yeah.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"And-a one gop seven to-sand ... [the children begin to play, and she covers her ears in agony] O-o-o-o. Stop! Stop ... beh goos sa buh got pee you got dere. That was-a terrify! That was-a horri-bee! What we gonna do?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,What the hell is that lady talking about?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,I have no idea.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison gas station. Used to be Garrison and Son, but since Mr. Garrison left, the ""Son"" has been crossed out. Mr. Mackey walks up to Mr. Garrison Sr., who is changing the oil on a car on blocks"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"[bends down and looks in] Uh, Mr. Garrison, Sr.?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Thuh, that's me."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, my name is Mr. Mackey. I'm your school counselor, m'kay."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,[slides out and rises] What can I do for ya?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh-I wanna talk to you about your son—I'm his n-therapist, m'kay."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, brother! Look, I didn't sexually abuse my son when he was younger!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Eh, you didn't?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,No! He's upset because I didn't molest him!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Oh. Hm. Uh, I guess that's a little different."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"A little, yeah! He thinks if I don't molest him it means I don't love him."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Well, now, uh, what's he supposed to think, Mr. Garrison? I mean, uh, look at all the media, all the magazine ads and television ads talkin' about ""sexual molestation"", m'kay? He sees all that and assumes you didn't molest him because of some flaw in his looks or personality."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,I didn't do it because it's wrong!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"I know, I know, but I'm afraid this problem has run very deep through Mr. Garrison's mental state. I'm worried that if... you don't do something, well it could kill him."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Hold on a second: are you actually suggesting that I have sex with my 41-year-old son?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"There comes a time in every father's life when he must ask himself, ""How far will I go to save my son's life?"""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, I won't have sex with him!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Well, I've said all I can say. [walks away, then turns] I know it's difficult, but... family... is about compromises. m'kay? [walks away, then turns] Don't lose your son over this, Mr. Garrison. [emphasizes each syllable] Don't lose... your son, m'kay? [walks out of the station]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Am I the only sane person left on earth?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, night. Mr. Garrison Sr. is now seated in his armchair watching television. News item:"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Reporter,"Tomorrow the whole world will be tuning in as over 4 million children play ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"" on their recorders. [Mr. Garrison walks to the stairs behind his father, but stops to watch the report] It is by far the largest gathering of little plastic recorders in human history. Yoko Ono has..."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Well, Mom said I could sleep in the guest room tonight. Good night, Dad."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Good night. [Yoko Ono finishes rambling incoherently]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Reporter,Words to live by.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[pause] Guess I'll just... go on up to bed now.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Uh huh.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[pause] Now, I don't really have any pajamas—guess I'll just... sleep in my boxers or something."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,[flatly] Should be fine.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[pause] Uh I'll leave the door open a little in case you ...need to see me about anything.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Won't be necessary.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[steps up, then turns again] I'll just... be going up to bed now. [pause] Gueh... guess maybe I won't even wear those boxers."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,I'm not going to molest you!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,You don't love me! [runs upstairs crying] I wanna die!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"God-damnit! [pounds the arms of the chair with his fists, then rises and goes out the door.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Roman Holiday Inn, night."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,I wish we could find a way to get back at those New Yorker kids.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Yeah. They think they're so cool.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[rushing into the room with Kenny wearing earmuffs] You guys! You guys! We found it! We found it, you guys!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Calm down, Cartman."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You found what?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"The brown noise! Kenny and me found the brown noise! Here, look! Look. [places some earmuffs on Stan's head] There, okay. Let's see here. [places some earmuffs on Kyle and rushes back to his side of the room] Right there. Okay. Okay. Ready, Kenny?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,"(Ready.) [Stan and Kyle look at each other and Cartman plays a fat bass note. Kenny farts] (Oh, [farts] shiiit. Damnit! Cartman, I've got to go to the bathroom! [bawling])"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"[incredulous, removes his earmuffs] No way."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,[removes his earmuffs] I don't believe it!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[removes his earmuffs] Um, seriously, you guys! Come on, watch. [leads them outside where a UPS delivery man is offloading packages, and the three put on their earmuffs. He whispers] Okay. [plays that bass note again]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Delivery man,"[farts] Whoa- Oh, my God! [grabs his belly and lets loose a long fart] Aaww, I crapped my pants! [rushes away with a brown stain on the seat of his pants. The boys remove their earmuffs]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,That's amazing.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,I told you guys!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"[to Kyle] Dude, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That they should bring back Chicago Hope for another season? Totally.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,No! That we could use the brown noise to get back at those asshole New Yorker kids.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,Ooooh.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Yeah, dude!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"They should bring back another season of Chicago Hope though, seriously."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Night, the Arkansas Bar. Mr. Garrison Sr. sits by himself at the bar sipping a glass of beer while others around him chatter. A man in blue shirt approaches him"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,"Ey, what's the matter there, Garrison? You look kinda sad."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, I'm having some troubles at home."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,"Well, come on. Tell us about it. We always help each other out, don't we, fellas?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,[with mustache] Yeah.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,"[with goatee] Yeah, that's right."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,Yeah.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"All right. It's just that... I mean... We're all family men here, right?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,Sure!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,Yeah we are!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Blond,[at a table] I am. I know that.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, can I ask you guys a difficult question?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,Absolutely.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,Of course.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 4,"Yeah, man."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 5,"Come on, Garrison!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Alright. Would you have sex with your son to save his life? [the others ponder the question]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,"...Oh, this is one of them Scruples questions, ain't it?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,"Nono, I got a better one: Would you have sex with your mother... to save your father's life?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patrons,"[wondering] Wooo, yeah."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,"Oh, like if someone had a gun to your father's head and said, ""Have sex with your mother or else I'll shoot him""?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,Yeah.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,"Oh, that's a tough one."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,Hmmm.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"No no wait, uh, you don't understand."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Blond,How about if someone made you have sex with your mother and father to save your own life?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patrons,"No, no, no way. No."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 6,"But if it was to save my mother's life, uh-I think I would have to have sex with my father."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 7,Yeup.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 8,"Me, too."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 9,"Well, I think that goes without saying."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Weh actually, I'm just... talking about a... son."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 8,"Well, personally, I would have sex with my son to save to save my mother's life. It depends, uh- how big a gun are we talkin' here?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, he doesn't have a gun."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Blond,The father doesn't have a gun?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,No! Nobody's got a gun!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,"I think if someone said, ""Have sex with your mother or else I'm gonna kill your son,"" but he didn't have a gun, I wouldn't do it."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,"He could have a knife, though."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,Yeah.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,Sure.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,"Yeah, a knife."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Bartender,"If a killer put a knife to my throat, and said, ""Have sex with your father or else I'm gonna kill your mother while having sex with you,"" ...I would have sex with myself."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,"...Yeah, I would [Mr. Garrison Sr. gets up and heads out the door]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 2,That's right.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,Uh huh.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Bartender,That makes sense.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 10,Mm-hm.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 1,Wasn't that right?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Patron 3,"Mm, See?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Roman Holiday Inn, night. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are back in their room reading the sheet music"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"How do we write the note, Cartman?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Lowest Eb, let's see. I think it looks like this. [shows it to them on his book]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Alright. Now all we do is wipe out the last note on their sheet music, and change it to the note Cartman played. [makes the change] Come on. [the boys leave their room again and head for the New York room.] There. [tapes the music to the door. Kyle sticks a small yellow Post-It note saying ""Revised Music for Tomorrow"" onto the music] That should do it."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Sweet. I can't wait to see them crap their pants in front of everybody, you guys."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Okay, let's get back to the room. [the three walk off]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[arrives and sees the change] What's this?? [looks more closely at it] ""Revised Music for Tomorrow""?? Chip, did you get revised music for tomorrow??"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Chip,What??
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,Ms. Ono has made revisions again! We've got to get these copied 4 million times and make the revisions to the projected music! Come on! Hurry! [hurries away.]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, later. Mr. Garrison is asleep in the guest room, which used to be his room. The back door rustles and he wakes up. Footsteps are heard"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[sighs, then softly] Dad? [the door opens to reveal his dad's shadow.] Pop, I'm just fast asleep—I'm not hearing anything. [the shadow moves closer and closer...]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, later. Exterior shot. Energetic motion is heard inside"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[ecstatic] Oh! Oh! Oh, Dad! Oh, goodness gracious, uh! Oh, stop Dad, stop! Whahawah, whah, how could you-hoo?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, morning. Mr. Garrison is at the front door with his luggage"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[well-rested and confident] Well, Mom, Dad, I guess I'd better be going. The concert is gonna start soon."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"Are you sure you can't stay one more night, son?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"No, I... think all my work here is done. Dad, I... don't know what to say; I feel closer to you than I ever have."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, I just hope that NOW we can put the past behind us and, and try to be a normal family again."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"We sure can! Well, I've got a worldwide-telecast recorder concert to get to."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"We'll be watching on TV. Make us proud, son."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"I will. [hugs each parent] Good-bye, Mom! Good-bye, Dad! [turns and heads cheerfully out the door] Gray skies are gonna clear up; put on a happy face..."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"You did the right thing, Poppa."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"I didn't do squat! [goes inside and opens a door behind which is Kenny G] Here you go, a hundred bucks. [hands Kenny G the money]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny G,"Oh, that's okay. Keep your money. Thanks. [walks out and away]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,The concert is introduced. Live-action shots throughout
World Wide Recorder Concert,Announcer,"Live, from Oklahoma City! [its skyline is shown] Four million third-grade students [a crowd of them is shown] from all over the country [a school bus full of students is shown] playing ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"" on their recorders... ""MY COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE"" special."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The 4 Million Child Blow 2000 lot, concert day. The 4 million are assembled. Yoko Ono and Kenny G take the stage"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Dude, I can't wait 'til those New Yorker kids play the brown noise and crap their pants."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,We have to watch them! We can't miss it!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny G,Are we all ready to play? [almost whispering] Thanks. Okay. [loudly] Let's see the music! [the music pops up on the stage wall]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,This is gonna be sweet!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Oh no, dude. Look! [the projected music is shown] It's the music we changed! [the camera zooms in on the changed note]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,Uh-oh. [Kenny finally shows up]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Dude, if 4 million people play the brown noise at the same time-"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"One, two, sign paytah. [Kenny G starts the tune, then the children join in]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Cartman",No! [they rush towards the stage. The other kids continue playing]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Stop! Stop! [he and the other three are near the stage...]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, aren't those our boys?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, no. What are they doing?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Cartman","Noooo!!! [some of the kids part for them, but the end of the song arrives.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The kids play the brown noise, Kenny G and Yoko Ono double over in pain. The camera zooms out for a view of the state of Arkansas, then of North America, as people begin to groan. Shots of Beijing and Paris follow, with their citizens grabbing their asses in pain. A shot of Earth follows, then static. New York City is then shown in flames. An ambulance speeds by as people scream"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Reporter,"[soberly] Tom, I'm standing in New York City, but it could just as well be any town on Earth right now. The desolation, the damage is exactly the same in every city the whole world over. It's been just under 20 hours since everyone on Earth pooped their pants, and people still roam their damaged homes with disbelief, and loss. Rick?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Rick,"[A cleanup crew is shown at work, and the camera pans over to the reporter] Alan, I'm standing at ground zero. Here, the damage is greater than anywhere. [the stage and the lot are bare, except for poop everywhere] Like the rest of the world, everyone here has crapped their pants. Some [Kenny lies dead with rats nibbling on him] crapped themselves to death. And still others ...ruined perfectly good pairs of pants. A nation mourns and tries to rebuild, but the big question that remains is, ""How did this happen?"" [Stan, Kyle, and Cartman walk by, whistling]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny G.,"Well, I see. Other than making everyone in the world crap their pants, our event went over really well."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"[Chattering quickly in comical Asian-accented English] Wery well?! Wery well?! You're gonna be on Ricki Lake, I tell you again! Look at ad a bah godda circada she doin wery well?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"[the school buses are ready to take all the third graders back to their homes] Alright, come on, everybody. We've got a long bus ride back to Colorado, m'kay? [Stan, Kyle, and Cartman come into view and stop]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Well, that whole experience sure did suck."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Yeah, but you know? I learned something today. We were so worried about how cool we looked to those New Yorker kids that we forgot: we're already totally cool, even if we don't know what queef means. [Kyle and Cartman grin]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"[passing by behind them] Uh, queef is a vaginal expulsion of gas, m'kay. [the boys look afraid to know]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Huh?
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,[stopping by with two others] Here they are!
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,Yeah!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"[to Kyle] Oh, brother. Let's just get out of here."
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Ey! Not so fast! We know it was you guys that changed the music and made everyone on Earth crap their pants!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Uuuuh...
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,"Yeah, we knows all about it!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Oh, no!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Yeah. Me and the guys, well we was talking, and well, well we just want you to know that we think you're pretty cool."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Huh?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You do?
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Sure. I mean, everyone on Earth shit themselves 'cause of you. And that's pretty cool. I mean, that's pretty amazing!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,"Yeah, we was wrong about you guys. We're sorry."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Well, that's fine, that's fine. Next time, just remember that we're all pretty cool on the Westside, too, if you know what I'm saying, 'kay?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Yeah. See you guys later. [the three New Yorkers leave]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Come on, boys. You're holdin' up the bus. [the boys get on and Kenny G stops by] Oh, wow, look. It's Kenny G himself. Thank you for a wonderful concert, Mr. G."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny G,"Huhuh, good- good-bye. [hugs and kisses him]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"M-m-m. [Kenny G releases and walks away] Oh, well, thank you! [steps towards the bus, then stops] You know, it's funny: you kiss just like my dad. [steps into the bus and faces the driver] Well, Ms. Crabtree, this certainly has been a great trip. Let's head home."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Ms. Crabtree,Which way should we go?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Second star to the right, and straight on 'til morning. [Ms. Crabtree starts the bus and drives as day fades into night. It goes over a rise and blinks out of view.]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,The Cartman house. Liane is sipping her coffee on the sofa. She lowers it as Cartman screams
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Mom! MOOOM! Mom! [races down the stairs in pajamas, cap, and coat in the right hand and two dollars in the left one, and stops at Liane's feet] Seriously! Something wonderful has happened!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"What is it, snookums?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Mom, look! The tooth fairy! I put a tooth under my pillow, and she gave me two dollars! [shows them off] She's only given me a lousy quarter before!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,Oh my! She must think that you are a very special little muffin.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,[hops onto the sofa] Yeah! This is so tits!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Don't say ""tits,"" Eric."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Oh, I mean, this is so cool!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Well, then, now you should take that money and open up a savings account that has compounded daily interest."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Heh, you can compound daily my ass with interest, Mom; I'm goin' to the toy store and buy me a skateboard! [dons his coat]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"But Eric, I think maybe the tooth fairy wants you to use that money to learn about saving."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Mom, you don't know what the tooth fairy wants me to do with this money, okay? You're not the tooth fairy! I'll see you later! [turns and walks out] Aw, man, this is so tits!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"The bus stop. Stan, Kyle and Kenny stand around"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[off camera, heard running up] Hey you guys! You're not gonna believe this! [Stan and Kyle look at each other, then at Cartman] Oh my God, you guys, seriously! [runs around them] Just wait until you hear this, you guys! I'm rich! I'm totally rich! [turns to face them] Aren't you stoked?!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,What the hell's wrong with Cartman?!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,He's fat and he's stupid?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[pants, then] Look what the tooth fairy left me last night! [presents the two dollars]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,Two dollars!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,No way!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,For one tooth?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,For one tooth.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"Dude, every time I lost a tooth I only got a quarter."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,I only got a jar of gefilte fish.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Well, that doesn't matter, because I have an idea that is totally tits."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,...Totally what?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Look, I don't know why the tooth fairy's being so cool to me. Maybe she's hot for me. I don't know, but if we all chip in with teeth, then I can hide them under my pillow and we could get enough money to buy a [stretches the words] Sega Dreamcast."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Sega Dreamcast??
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,All we need is teeth.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,I already lost all my baby teeth.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Me too. [Kenny says nothing, so the others look at him]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,[covers his mouth] (Nuh-uh.)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"You still have baby teeth, Kenny?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,(No way!)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[moves to Kenny's side] Kenny, think about it. Don't you want a [stretches the words] Sega Dreamcast?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,[punctuates] (No I don't! Thank you.)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[ignoring the answer] Alright! Kenny's in, you guys! Tits!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,The school yard. Stan ties Kenny to a tetherball pole. The string leads off to the right
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"Okay, the string is tied to Kenny's tooth. You ready over there?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"[at the other end, tying the string to a wheelchair] Almost. You ready, Timmy?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy Burch,[the boy in the wheelchair] Timmiihh!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"When I say ""go,"" you slam your electric wheelchair into high gear. Okay, Timmy?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,Timmiihh!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,Right. You're Timmy.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,Timmiihh! Lemmeouttaheah!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,(Why the fuck does it have to be my tooth?)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"I'll tell you why it has to be you, Kenny: because your family is poor, and therefore has bad oral hygiene, so your teeth are gonna fall out someday, anyway. If you think about it, you should actually be thanking us. [tugs on Kenny's hood] ""Oh, thank you, guys."" You're welcome, Kenny."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,[punctuates] (Fuck you!)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Alright! Get ready, Timmy."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,Timmiihh!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"[walks up] Heh-hey guys, uh, wu-what are you doin'?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"What does it look like we're doing, Butters? We need a tooth, so we're using Timmy's wheelchair to pull out one of Kenny's."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"Oh. Heh, I got a loose tooth right here. [draws it from his pocket]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,"Stan, Cartman",You what?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,(You what?)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,Timmih-
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,Yyep. Oo-one of mine came out not two hours ago.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"Uh, Butters, could we have it?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"Wwell, heck no! Uh you can't have it. Why, I'm gonna stick it under-my pillow and get money from the tooth fairy. She gives me fifty cents a tooth."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,Ha-a-ugh.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"Well, uh, see ya, fellas. [walks away]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"[walks up to Stan] Dude, maybe we don't have to rip a tooth out of Kenny's mouth."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"Yeah, we just have to get Butters' tooth."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,How are we gonna get it from him?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,I guess we'll have to sneak into his house after he goes to sleep tonight.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Yeah, let's go. [the group begins to move when]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,"Go! Timmy go! [revs up, pulling Kenny] Yeah, Timmy! [drives until he runs out of string, then is jerked back]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"No, Timmy, wait!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,"Engh go uh Timmy! [the string goes taut, and Kenny's face protrudes from his hood]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,"(Hey, guys!) [yanked from his suit into the air] (Heey-ungh) [lands naked in front of Cartman] (Oowww.)"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Hahahahahaha. Hey, you guys, I can see Kenny's pengling, hahahahahaha."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Timmy,Hu-aah!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"A house, night. Butters is asleep in his room. A pole rises outside with a grinning Cartman dressed as a tooth fairy dangling from it"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Higher, you guys."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"[struggling with the pole with Kyle and Kenny] Jesus Christ, why did we pick the fat guy to lift up in there?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[bumps into the window] Agh! Careful, you assholes! [opens the window] To the left, you guys, left. [is moved to his left] No, camera left, camera left! [is moved in the other direction, towards Butters' head] That's it, now down. [is lowered, then reaches for the pillow]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,[wakes up] What the-? [rubs his eyes] Who's there? Who is that?!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[in falsetto] I am the tooth fairy, my child."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"Hoh. Sorry, Miss Fairy. I didn't mean to gaze at you. I'm back to sleep now, see? [squeezes his eyelids shut]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Sure. Now I will leave you tidings under your pillow. [reaches under and grabs Butters' tooth, then beholds the treasure. He then places some money under the pillow as Butters sneaks a peek.]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"[as Cartman withdraws] Well, oh gosh, I, I didn't think you'd be so fat."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Ey!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Come on, fatass!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Do not open your eyes until morning. [Butters has them shut real tight; Cartman tugs on the rope and is pulled out of the room] Or else I will kick you in the nuts. [drops down] Square in the nuts.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Butters,"Yuh, yu-yes ma'am!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,Well?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Bull's eye!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. He's being tucked in bed"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Tucky tucky time, it's the best time of the night."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"I love that song, Mom. Sing it again."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"No, honey, Mommy's gotta save her throat. I have to work tonight."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Okay.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Good night. [heads for the door. Cartman settles in and is about to place the tooth under the pillow] What do you have there, Eric?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Another tooth fell out today; I'm leavin' it for the tooth fairy.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Oh, my. The tooth fairy will have to give you a big surprise for losing two teeth in two days."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"I know, huh?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"The bus stop, next morning. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are there"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"You guys! Oh my God, you guys! You're not gonna believe it! It's beyond rational thought, you guys! [runs around them counterclockwise] Holy crap, you guys! I mean-"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,Did the tooth fairy come?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Four dollars. [the other three answer at the same time]
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,Oh my God!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,Four dollars?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kenny,"(Oh, my God!)"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Do you what this means?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,Yeah. We just gotta keep finding teeth and putting them under your pillow. [he and Kyle grin]
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"Dentist office, some days later. A phone rings"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,A Dentist,[answering] Dentist office.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Oh. Eh-hello, Dr. Roberts? It's Ms. Cartman."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Dr. Roberts,"Oh, yes, Ms. Cartman. What can I do for you?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Well, it's my son. He's lost a lot of his baby teeth, and I was starting to get worried."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Dr. Roberts,"Well, losing baby teeth is a natural thing, Ms. Cartman. How many has he lost?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,About a hundred and twelve.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Dr. Roberts,...A hundred and twelve.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,Yes. Fifteen of them in one night. Perhaps he should switch toothpaste?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Dr. Roberts,"Your son wouldn't happen to be an ""alligator,"" would he? No? Hm, I see. Well, I'm afraid I can't help you right now. The American Dental Association convention is this week, but, as soon as I get back, I'll look into it."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"O-oh, thank you. Freebie next week. [hangs up]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Dr. Roberts,What?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, dawn. He rises and throws his pillows off the bed"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Tih- [the tooth he placed under his pillow is still there] Tooth? [picks it up and looks at it in disbelief] What the hell? Mom!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"[rushes in] Yes, Eric"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"You know, the tooth fairy forgot to bring me money last night! Call the police!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Oh. Eric, poopie, sit down. [Cartman sits] Mommy has something to tell you. It's just that- well, there is no tooth fairy, Eric. I've been putting all that money under your pillow, and because you got so many teeth fall out, I've actually run out of money and can't go to the grocery store for at least a month."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[laughs] You almost had me for a second there, Mom, heh. ""There's no tooth fairy."" I suppose you're gonna tell me there's no Santa Claus, Easter Bunny, or Jesus, either, heh, heh... [mother and son sit silently for a while] M- Mom?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"I'm sorry, Eric. All children find out sooner or later."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,Yi- you're serious here. There really is no tooth fairy?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"No, honey. It's just-"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"How could-? How could you lie to me, Mother? Lie right to my face?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Oh, Eric, it's just part of being a child."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"How can I trust you? [hops off the bed] How can I trust anyone ever again, Mother? I guess, uh to make it through this life, I can only trust myself. [tugs at his pajama shirt] Myself and Willikins Bear, of course."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Liane,"Eric! Eric, wait!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[covers his ears] No, Mother! No more lies! [runs out of his room and shuts the door]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,"The Cartman house. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny wait. Cartman exits and walks down the street upset, ignoring his friends"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"[he and the others follow] Dude, where's the money?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,[flatly] There is no money.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,No more money??
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"What are you talking about, Cartman?! We're only $167 away from gettin' a Sega!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,I know!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Cartman, what's going on?!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[stops, then faces them sadly] You guys... [turns away] Oh, God, I don't even know how to tell you this."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,Tell us what?!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"[faces them again] You guys, there's... there's no tooth fairy, you guys. There, I said it. [turns away again]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"What do you mean, ""there's no tooth fairy?"""
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"My mom has been giving me the money all this time, and your parents are the ones who left you money."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,Dude.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,That can't be. My parents wouldn't lie to me.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"But now my mom has given us so much money that she's bankrupt, and we're poor, like Kenny. [Kenny approaches him and reaches out, but Cartman bushes him off] Don't touch me, Kenny. [Kenny steps back]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"[approaches] You're wrong. If my dad says something is real, then it's real!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Kyle, open your eyes, man!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,It's not true! [runs away]
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,The Broflovski house. Kyle enters the living room. Gerald is on the sofa reading the newspaper
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,"[lowers his paper] Oh, hello, son. [Kyle turns to face him]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Dad, there is so a tooth fairy, huh?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,"What? Oh. Kyle, let's have a little talk. [puts down his paper]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,[suddenly alarmed] Oh my God! You did lie to me.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,"No. Kyle, she's just make-believe. Like Peter Pan."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"[looking aghast] Peter Pan, too??"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,Kyle...
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,What about Moses and Abraham?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,"Well, they were probably real."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,Probably?! Is Atlantis real??
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,Probably not.
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,[frightened] Wahahahah!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Gerald,"Look, Kyle, adults make up those things because they're fun for children."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,"Fun for children?! Fun for children?! Look at me, Dad! I don't even know what's real anymore! Weaaaah! [runs out the door]"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Scene Description,The town. The boys less Stan sit at a curb moping
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"Man, I can't believe all our parents lied to us about the tooth fairy."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Kyle,What about Dan Rather? Do you think he's real?
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"No, man, that's just a TV show."
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,[rushing up] You guys! You guys! I figured it out!
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,"What? That your parents lied to you, too?"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Stan,"Yeah, but, it's okay! We can still get our Sega Dreamcast!"
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000,Cartman,How?
