Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,A Boy,"Wow, don't you...?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,A Girl,What is that?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Hello, children. My name is Dr. Adams. Welcome to the plane'arium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,I thought it was planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, it is. But I have a bone disease which impedes my ability to pronounce the ""t"" in ""plane'arium""."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,That's a pretty weird bone disease.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Yes. Perhaps someday I can get a bone-marrow transplant.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman has his hand up.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Yes, little boy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,How long is that Cheesy Poofs van gonna be outside?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well I don't know. But anyway, boys and girls, soon you'll be witnessing the wonders of the universe. But first, I wanna show you how the plane'arium works."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,As if we care.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Kyle notices a young brunette with a clipboard walking in.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Hey, who are you?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Ughuh, little Missy here runs the big projector for us."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Missy,I love my work.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Whoa, dude! You're only as old as us; shouldn't you be in school?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Missy,I love my work.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Her eyes are glazed over. Stan and Kyle notice this and look at each other.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Come on. Let's get into the plane'arium, shall we?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,In the planetarium proper. The class sits in a small theater and Dr. Adams is in a small room behind the class. Another kid works some controls on a machine on the theater floor.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Good morning, children, and welcome to the plane'arium. We're going on a fascinating ride through the universe, so I want you to lean back in your chairs and get comfortable."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"All the seats lean back on their own, so they have no choice."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,This is stupid.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And now I'm going to dim the lights and let the stars... eh-come out.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The dome darkens and some faint stars appear.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,[Not amused.] Whoopie.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Here we see the constellation called, ""The Big Dipper"". If I project a drawing of a big dipper on top of it...[Very softly.] a-hah [The drawing appears, connecting the stars.] ...we see where this constellation gets its name. These stars over here form the constellation of Taurus, the Bull..."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The drawing of a bull appears.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"...while these stars form the constellation, ""Roger Ebert""."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,An outline of Roger Ebert's face appears with a thumbs down.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And these two little stars over here form the constellation The Crusades.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,From the two stars comes an elaborate drawing of crusaders storming the city of Jerusalem. Stan looks over at the kid on the floor and notices the same glazed-eye look Missy has.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Now, stars are actually made of hot gas, which is exactly what comes out of..."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Aw man, screw this."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman gets up and leaves the room. Dr. Adams turns an ""Intensity"" dial to 9."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And now breathe deep as the stars sloowwly start to move in little circles.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The kids are getting mesmerized by them.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"I know you think plane'ariums are boring, but I'm gonna try to change the way you think about that."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, outside, tryouts are underway. Cartman stands behind a boy currently singing for the talent van."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Boy,"...you love Cheesy Poofs If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be lame."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"That was great, Tommy. Tommy Fritz from Torrey Pines! He could be our winner."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Excuse me, but I do believe that sucked ass!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"Oh, and what's your name, little boy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Eric Cartman.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"Alright, here's Eric Cartman giving it a shot."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The cameraman starts filming, Cartman shoves Tommy aside, who falls down."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Tommy,Aaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Clears his throat and affects a tenor] I love Cheesy Poofs you love Cheesy Poofs If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs we'd be lame. I'm talkin' Night-Court-in-it's-fifth-season lame-aaaahh!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,[Slapping his palm to his head] Wow!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Thaat's right, suck on that."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The planetarium doors open and the class exits.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, kids, how did you like the planetarium?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Oh, man, I don't feel so good."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Me neither, but... I loved the planetarium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Me too. It was sweet.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,Really? What did you like best about it?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,I don't know. I don't even remember what happened.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,[Tallying.] Wait a minute. Where is Eric?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Happily popping by.] I did it! I did it!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Did what?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I got a call-back for the Cheesy Poofs song!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,You snuck off and sang that stupid song?!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Yeah, dude, but I got in the finals for tomorrow!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"[Now at the door.] Goodbye, children. Thanks for visiting. Don't forget: we have Laser Rock shows at night here at the plane-'arium. This week it's Laser Kenny Loggins and Laser James Taylor."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The class is on the bus going back to school.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,My head still feels funny.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, mine too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey you guys, when I'm done with that- Cheesy Poofs commercial, I bet I get all the free Cheesy Poofs I want."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Like you really need it, hippo-ass!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"[With some pity.] It's sad how jealous you are, Kyle. It really is."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,A boy pops out from the seat behind Cartman in front of Stan and Kyle.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Boy,Waaaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,"Stan, Kyle",AAAAAH!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Whoa, dude! Who the hell are you?!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Boy,[Haltingly.] My... name... is... vvan... G-gelder.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Van Gelder?? What the hell are you doing on our bus?! Mr. Garrison, there's some freaky kid from the planetarium on our bus!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, great! Well I guess we have to go back!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,[In a state of panic.] Nnno! Nn-don't go back! Nnno!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey, be careful, asshole!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Eegh! Don't take me back there!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"He drops down, then comes back up."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,I can't... can't...
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Alright, dude. Mellow out, jeez!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Aaaagghh.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Van Gelder passes out and falls to the floor.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"[Quickly at his side.] We've better get him to the nurse's office, stat!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The nurse's office. Van Gelder has been strapped down. Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, and Nurse Gollum are present."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,[Very agitated.] Aagh! The planetarium! Haah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,I'll give him a pain killer. That should calm him down.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nno! Nnno pain killer! I'll be okay!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Okay uh van Gelder-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nnnaaaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"-okay uh I'm Counselor Mackey. Have you been smokin' marijawana? Marijawana's bad, mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Eh must... tell... the machine. The machine is... e-e-e-ghe gheh-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Van Gelder collapses.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Well, I've never seen anything like this. What do you think, principal?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Principal Victoria,"Well, whatever happened to him happened at the planetarium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Haah! Planetarium!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Principal Victoria,I think tonight the planetarium is doing Laser Loggins. I might have to check it out.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nnaaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Later that night, at the planetarium, Laser Loggins is underway. ""Footloose"" plays and Laser displays of feet dance around the ceiling."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Principal Victoria,"Oh, man, this is boring!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Man,"Yeah, who the heck finds this stuff interesting?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The camera pans to two teen boys, who look like stoners, sitting in the next section by themselves."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 1,"Dude, this is totally killer."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 2,"I hope this goes on for like, seven months, man."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"In the booth, Dr. Adams goes to his controls and turns the intensity dial to 8.5, ""Footloose"" fades, and the lasers close into a narrow beam."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,You will not remember what happened here. To remember it will cause incredible pain.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He turns the dial to 9.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Incredible pain!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He turns the dial even further.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Incredible icky paaiin!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 1,"Dude, I'm totally tripping."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 2,This is totally killer.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the next day. The school bell rings."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, today we're going to learn all about Japanese poems called haiku. A haiku is just like a normal American poem, except that it doesn't rhyme, and it's totally stupid. For example- Uh, where is Eric Cartman?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,That's a haiku?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"No, I'm asking why Eric Cartman isn't at school."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Oh.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,Was he on the school bus this morning?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,No.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"[counting off the syllables] Fatass Cartman was not on the school bus today. What a big, fat turd."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Hoh, very good haiku, Kyle. Yes- haikus have five syllables, then seven, then five. Kenny, can you give us another example?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,"(When you rub your dick, you might find a discharge that winds up on the floor.)"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The class roars with laughter.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Yeah. What's a discharge?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, since haiku sucks so much ass, could we go to the planetarium again?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, I wanna go to the planetarium again, too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,But you were just there! Why do you wanna go again so soon?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"[Stumped, then to Kyle.] Yeah, why do we wanna go again so soon?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,I dunno. I just have this sudden urge to go back.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I guess we could go again, since it's just down the street."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman enters the classroom, a rolled up paper in his hand, full of himself."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Well, hello, it's all my little friends with all their little dreams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, where have you been?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Let's see, where have I been, where have I been?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Where have you been, Cartman?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Wweell, I might have been over at the Cheesy Poofs call-back, winning regional championship!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He unfurls the paper.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Whoa!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The paper reads, ""Cheesy Poof Anthem Regional Champion"""
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"This is my regional championship certificate! Do you like it? [Now taunting.] Hey, where is your regional championship 'tificate, Clyde? Oh, you don't have one?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Clyde looks crestfallen.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hmmm. Do you have a regional certificate, Wendy? Nno?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Wendy scrunches her face.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Apparently, only I do."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Ass full of pork fat jiggles like a Jello mold. Mouth is flapping, too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Your haiku insults have no effect on me, Kyle. I'm regional champion."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Does that mean you're gonna be on that Cheesy Poofs commercial?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,It's between me and four other kids. I'm on my way now with my mom to the finals.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,I bet you don't win. They don't let big fat asses perform on TV.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Very good, Kyle."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Shut your God-damned mouth or else I'm... gonna... kick you square in the balls... ass-hole Aw, damn it!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Over in Nurse Gollum's office, Van Gelder is still strapped down. Mr. Mackey stops by."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Um. How's he doing, nurse?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"He's stable, but I still can't get any information out of him. I'm gonna sedate him now."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nno! No drugs.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Drugs are good, mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nno! Don't let them g-go... planetarium!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"But why, van Gelder?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,The machine. The machine is aaaah.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"He stiffens, then collapses."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,The machine is aaaah? Uh that's probably bad.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"He's been talking about ""the machine"" for hours. That and Daisy Fuentes."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Wha- why in America's Funniest Home Videos? Why?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, there's only one way to get any sense out of him. We're gonna have to try a mind meld, mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,A what?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Well, it's an ancient technique handed down from school counselor to school counselor. I don't like to use it, but it may be our only hope."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"Well, what will you need?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Just time to prepare, nurse. Just time. [Oh, the tension!] Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Tantalus V. Obsevatory. The class is back.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, children, I'm so glad you came back to learn more."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,They just begged to come back; I couldn't get them to shut up about it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, I'm sure we're going to have a marvelous time. Won't we, children?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Yes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The two stoner teens appear, now dressed as employees and with their eyes glazed over."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 1,"This way, please."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 2,Enjoy your visit.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle look at each other. Moments later, the class is in the theater, looking at the laser show."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Billions of stars and billions of galaxies make up our universe. Here you see Polaris, the dog star."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison gets up and walks by Dr. Adams in the control booth.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,I'm just gonna step outside and go weewee.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Certainly, Mr. Garrison."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Dr. Adams watches him leave, then quickly turns intensity dial up to 9. The stars brighten and dance rapidly."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,You love the planetarium! To be without the planetarium causes you horrible pain! All you want to do is help the planetarium thrive! To not do so makes your stomach ache with needlelike stab-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He quickly turns down the intensity upon seeing Mr. Garrison enter the theater. He gestures at his next item.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,...and right over here we see the constellation Orion.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison gives him a thumbs up and Dr. Adams waves at him weakly.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Orion's belt is made up of three stars, one of which is actually a pulsar..."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Dude, what just happened?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,What do you mean?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Come on, we've gotta get out of here before something bad happens."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cheesy Poofs Call Backs Today! Cartman and his mom wait with the other finalists and their parents on sofas in the front office. Cartman is picking at his nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Don't pick your nose, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I wasn't picking it-I had an itch, for cryin' out loud!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,Don't be nervous. I'm sure you'll win.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I don't know. There's a lot of competition here.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette,"Do you think I might win, Mommy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette's mother,"I hope so, honey. Then perhaps we can eat for a little while."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman thinks for a second then gets up on the sofa and points out the window.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey, look! They're giving away bread outside!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette,"[Gasps.] Did you hear that, Mommy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette's mother,Come on! Perhaps we can get some food in our stomachs!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,They rush outside. Cartman follows them to the door and closes it behind them.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Sike!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Back at the planetarium, Stan and Kyle are standing outside, the doors open and the rest of the class straggles out."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,[Noticing them.] What the hell are you boys doing? You're supposed to be in there.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Mr. Garrison, we think that the planetarium guy is-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Sshh!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Dr. Adams appears at the door.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Goodbye, children. Thanks for coming."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Clyde,[Insistently.] I wanna go again. I wanna go again!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, for Pete's sake, Clyde. You just went!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, Clyde, if you like the plane'arium so much, perhaps you'd like to do some volunteer work here."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Clyde,"Yes. Yes, please!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Butters Stotch,Me too!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Annie Knitts,Me too! I wanna do it! I'd love to work here.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,A girl,I'd like to tape the show!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Wendy,"Yeah, me too! Me too!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Fosse,"Yeah, me tohohoo. Plahanehetaharium's gahahay!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The rest of the class chimes in.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Mr. Garrison?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I guess I could give them extra credit for it."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Excellent! Why don't we step over here and I'll show all you children how to volunteer.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Hooray!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"All the kids but Stan, Kyle, and Kenny follow Dr. Adams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Dude, this isn't right."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Why?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"We're kids, dude. We don't volunteer for anything."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Oh, yeah."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Come on, we've gotta see what's going on in there."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, and Kenny go back inside and enter the control booth."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Here's the control panel that operates all the stars.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Kenny, you go out there and tell us what you see."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Kenny leaves the booth and goes and sits in a seat.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,(Okay. Got to have some huggin'.)
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,He hits this switch-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Stan moves the intensity dial to 1 and the power comes on. The lights go down.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,(I don't see anything.)
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"You see? Nothing, dude. Just a bunch of stars."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, I guess so."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Stan moves the intensity to 4. The stars start to revolve.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,"(Whoa, dude.)"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,What does that do?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,I don't know.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan moves intensity to 7.5, Kenny shakes audibly."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Kenny! What's it doing?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Kenny can't answer. He just shakes more and more violently.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"This says ""maximum."""
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan moves Intensity to 10. Kenny shakes more violently, and finally explodes. Stan and Kyle look."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Oh my God, we've killed Kenny!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,We're bastards!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Stan turns off the power and races with Kyle to Kenny's remains.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Dude, I told you something was up with this place!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Rats start to work on the corpse.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"We've gotta go tell somebody, quick!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Back at the casting office, the finalists are showing their best."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Tommy Fritz,(clap clap clap) -G-O (clap clap ---) -G-O and Bingo was his name-o Was a farmer'o had a dog and Bingo was his name-o (clap clap clap-clap) O (clap clap clap-clap clap) O (clap clap clap-clap clap) O and Bingo was his name-o Was a farmer'o had a dog and Bingo was his name-o (clap) ING (clap) ING (clap) and Bingo was his name-o
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He finishes with a flourish and a bow.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"[Applauds.] Thank you... uh, Peter. We'll let you know very soon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Peter leaves the room.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"Next will be uuh, Eric Theodore Cartman."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Liane enters with Cartman and a boom box.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Hello, everybody. [To Cartman.] Now, just do it like we rehearsed, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I know, I know!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Liane goes to a sofa and plays a tape while Cartman goes before the judges and clears his throat.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"She works hard for the money So hard for it, honey She works hard for the money, so you'd better treat her right."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He rips off his jacket and reveals a sky blue sequined vest and bowtie - and his belly button. The judges are surprised.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"She works hard for the money So hard for it, honey She works hard for the money, so you'd better treat her right."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"He moonwalks, then faces the judges again. End of performance."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"[Long pause.] Well, Eric Cartman, that certainly was... insane."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Thank you.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,We'll let you know.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,Thank you.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She and Cartman reach the door. Cartman is covering his nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Don't pick your nose, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I'm not pickin' it ma! God damn it, I have an itch!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,They leave and close the door behind them.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"Jesus, where do we find these people?!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. In the nurse's office, Mr. Mackey is mind-melding with Van Gelder."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Our minds are one. Mkay? Our thoughts are one. Mkay?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,This is the strangest thing I've ever seen!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Please, nurse, for a woman with a dead fetus on your head, you're not being very open-minded."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He goes back to concentrating.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Open your mind to your counselor. Open your mind.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,[Responding to the mind-meld.] Dr. Adams.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Yes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,He owns the planetarium. What about him?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder & Mr. Mackey simultaneously,He uses the machine. The star machine.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Mkay?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder & Mr. Mackey simultaneously,He uses it to erase minds.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,But why?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder & Mr. Mackey simultaneously,"Planetarium, about to go out of business. Adams had to create slaves to survive."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,My God! This is amazing!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Abuh. Please, nurse, you're throwin' off my chi! Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Casting Office. The results are in.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"Well, we'd certainly like to thank all our finalists. Only one of our finalists can win the grand prize and... unfortunately, that finalist is Eric Cartman."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Triumphantly.] Yes! I'm the best!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,You were actually our last choice. Uh the other children have unexpectedly taken jobs as volunteers at the planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Blonde judge,That's odd.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Joyfully.] Sweeet!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,News 4 Special Report.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Tom,It appears that more and more South Park residents are discovering the wonder and joy of the planetarium. Here with a special report is a 34-year old Asian man who looks strikingly similar to Ricardo Montalban.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Asian reporter,"Thanks, Tom. Yes, indeed, the planetarium has become very popular as word spreads that it really isn't as lame and stupid as one suspected. I'm here with the planetarium operator, Dr. Adams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Thank you. I'd like to open an invitation to all South Park residents to come see a special free show this evening. I guarantee, it will change the way you think about the plane'ah-arium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Asian reporter,"So, bring the whole family to the plane-*tarium* for a night of excitement and wonder."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,South Park Police Department. Stan and Kyle are inside talking to Officer Barbrady.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"...and then we turned the dial, and Kenny went into a kind of hypnosis."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"That's a pretty far-fetched story, boys."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"But it's true, dude!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Are you boys sure you're not just making this all up?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, pretty sure."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Well, just as soon as I handle all the other crime in South Park, I'm gonna go with you to the planetarium so I can prove that nothing's wrong."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,What other crime in South Park?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, yeah. Let's go."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Time for Cartman's big debut.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Okay. Let's shoot the commercial. Where's our Cheesy Poof talent?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I'm over here.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman is dressed as a Cheesy Poof.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Oohh, you look great, hon. Mommy's fat little piggy."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Aay!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,A stagehand escorts Cartman to the Cheesy Poof backdrop before the camera.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Let's hurry. This costume is hot.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,"Okay, roll camera, aaand action."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I love Cheesy Poofs, you-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Oh wait, wait."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She runs in with a handkerchief.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"You've got a little eye booger, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, Mom, for Pete's sake!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She wipes it off.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,Got it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She moves off the stage.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Aaand action.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I love Cheesy Poofs-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Hold it! Cut! Could we get some more light on that backdrop?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stagehand,Sure thing.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He adjusts the lighting.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, man, c'mon!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stagehand,Got it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,"Okay. Here we go, aaand action."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Chee-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Cut!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,What?!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,I'm not liking the shoes. Could we change the shoes?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, God damnit!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady, Stan, and Kyle show up at the planetarium. Officer Barbrady knocks and the door opens."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Oh. Hello, officer of the law."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Hello, Mr. Planetarium Operator."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,What brings you out here?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Well, these boys seem to think you're some kind of sick weirdo that's got a master plan to screw with the minds of everyone in town."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady starts laughing.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Oh, really?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Dr. Adams leans forward menacingly. The boys huddle close to Barbrady.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Yeah. I just thought I'd come show them around so they'd know there's nothing to be scared of.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady advances, but Dr. Adams blocks the door."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Actually, this is a pretty inopportune time."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Okay, I'll be quick, then."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Of course, officer. Come on in."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady and the boys enter. What they see inside is something else. Kids, Bebe among them, are sweeping and cleaning the exhibits. Chef is helping out, too. All of them are wearing gray planetarium suits."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Chef,"[In a low monotone.] Hello, children."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Oh, no! They got Chef, too!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Chef,Welcome to the planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Well, it's nice to see you finally got a real job, Chef."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Chef,"[Slowly, mechanically.] I love my work."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Oh I know what you mean. I've always loved the planetarium, too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Would you like to see the stars, officer?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,"Stan, Kyle",No!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,That would be super-duper!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He walks into the theater with Dr. Adams.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Don't do it, Officer Barbrady!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman's house. He's calling everyone he knows...
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Elderly Woman,[On the phone.] Hello?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hi, Grandma. It's me, Eric."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Grandma,"Oh, hello, Eric. Grandma sure has missed you."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I just wanted to remind you that I'm gonna be on television tonight, so be sure to watch."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Grandma,"Oh, I will, Eric. You know, I remember when I was a little girl and had my first talent show audition for-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Okay, bye."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He dials the next number.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Marshes' Answering Machine,Hello? The-uh Marshes aren't in right now. Please leave a message.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Stan? I'm gonna be on TV tonight. Be sure to watch.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He dials another number.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Broflovskis' Answering Machine,"Hello, you've reached the Broflovskis. Please, leave a message."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Where the hell is everybody?! I'm gonna be on TV tonight. You guys better not miss it!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Back at the planetarium...
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And this is the constellation called Cassiopeia.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, neato!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"[Turning intensity up to 8.5] And now, officer, from this moment on, you will think that you are Elvis Presley."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Who?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,To not be Elvis will cause you great pain.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Pain.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"You see, children? There's no stopping me. Even your highly intelligent policemen are no match for me."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,He's not highly intelligent.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Why are you doing this, dude?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Why? Because nowadays kids have computers, surround-sound television. They've forgotten all about plane'ariums. But I'll make them remember, starting with the two of you!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman's house. He's watching the TV for his commercial.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Voice-over,Terrance and Phillip will be right back after these announcements.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, dude, here it comes!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cheesy Poofs Commercial,"Packed full of ingredients, Cheesy Poofs can really give you that quick pick-me-up. So remember, [A dancing Cheesy Poofs box appears.] I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Cheesy Poofs [The box opens and Cheesy Poof pour out.] If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be- [The Cheesy Poofs rain down on a pile of Cheesy Poof in which children swim.]"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cheesy Poof Cartman,Lame.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Voice-over,And now back to Terrance and Phillip.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Yes! Yes, that was me! I was on television!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey and Nurse Gollum burst through the planetarium doors. Mr. Mackey is pissed. Facing them are Dr. Adams, Officer Barbrady, Stan, Kyle, and the two stoner teens."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Aha! Caught you red-handed! Mkay!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Mr. Mackey!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Officer Barbrady, uh, this man is using some kind of mind control."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,[Doing a twisted Elvis Presley.] Wuzzariah? Ulduhooyah? Guh. Ahoohooyuh?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,What's wrong with him?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Ah-yeah, babe, yeah, babe uhyeah hwah yeah hwah wayah ahowowowowayah."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Oh no, apparently, he thinks he's Charlton Heston."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"No, you idiot! He thinks he's Elvis. [To Barbrady.] Elvis, escort our guests to the plane'arium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,[Snapping into a sharp Elvis.] Holdjit
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He pulls out his gun and shoves it into Mackey's nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"If you wouldn't mind, uugh. Could you please follow me?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Uh oh.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,[Voice skipping up the scales.] Odle-oh who whoo?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The planetarium, that night. Nurse Gollum, Mr. Mackey, Stan, and Kyle are strapped into their seats in the theater."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr Adams,"Well, let's begin, shall we?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He starts up the laser show controls.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"And now you'll remember nothing, except that the planet'arium is the best thing you've ever known!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman enters, oblivious to the star machine."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Well, well well! You guys can now kiss my ass, because I was on television!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The other four are entranced now.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Ey! Didn't you guys see it?! I was on television!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He sees that the others aren't responding.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,You missed it! You missed it because of this stupid planetarium!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He walks up to the star machine and kicks it. It falls down and breaks into pieces.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Planetariums suck ass!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The star machine's beams come at Dr. Adams at full force and go right into his eyes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Aaah. Aaah. Aaah.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,[Coming out of the trance.] Cartman! You saved us!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The others come out of it too.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,What the hell are you talking about?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Get over here and untie us!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman rushes over and starts untying them, Mr. Mackey first."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, you really saved the day. Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"[Rushing in.] Not so fast there, tubby. Uh I'm just takin' care of business."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman stops.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Think hard, Elvis. You're not really the king of rock and roll. You're a fat, stupid, worthless policeman in a small town. Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"[Snapping out of it.] Oh, thank you from a fate worse than death, counselor."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan notices the destruction of the star machine, and the fate of Dr. Adams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Oh my God! Dr. Adams!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Everyone rushes to the control room window to see what's happened. Dr. Adams is seated inside against a wall, slumped on his right side."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,He got a full dose of the stars.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Yeah. With nobody around to say anything.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Can you imagine it, Stan. A mind, emptied by that... thing."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Wow. What a day this has been. I was on TV, and, I'm a hero."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman scratches his nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"[Looking in.] Don't pick your nose, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"God damnit, Mom, I wasn't pickin' it! I have an itch!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,End of Roger Ebert Should Lay Off The Fatty Foods. The Cheesy Poofs anthem plays.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Episode starts in the playground. Bill plays catch with a blue-hatted boy in a red shirt, a brown-haired girl, Annie, and Token are on swings, and Pip and Red are on the hobby elephants. Stan is hiding behind a tree, using his gloved hand as a gun."
Clubhouses,Stan,Sgt. Stanley Marsh is trapped behind enemy lines. His only chance of survival is to sneak past the Bosnian guard who stands watch.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman is patrolling the invisible boundary.
Clubhouses,Stan,Sgt. Marsh knows it's now or never. He must make a run for it.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Stan waits for Cartman, who is wielding a stick, shaped vaguely like a pistol, to pass, then rushes past him."
Clubhouses,Stan,American base is only a few feet away.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman turns and notices Stan.
Clubhouses,Cartman,What is this? Halt!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"They ""fire"" away at each other. From behind a nearby bush Kyle and Kenny pop up and ""fire"" at Cartman."
Clubhouses,Cartman,It will take more than your weak American weapons to destroy me!
Clubhouses,Stan,"Cartman, we shot your Bosnian fat ass!"
Clubhouses,Kyle,Yeah! You're dead!
Clubhouses,Cartman,"I have Class 4 armor on, that, uh, ih-ih--"
Clubhouses,Stan,"No, you don't!"
Clubhouses,Cartman,"--special armor, that's impenetrable to American bullets."
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Dude! Every time we play Americans vs. Bosnians, you cheat!"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Yeah, Cartman, you suck! If you want to play Americans vs. Bosnians any more, you can just play with yourself!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle leave.
Clubhouses,Cartman,That's fine! I'd like playing with myself! I'll play with myself all day long!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny laughs and Cartman looks at him.
Clubhouses,Cartman,What?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle have walked off away from Cartman and Kenny.
Clubhouses,Kyle,Well? Now what are we going to do?
Clubhouses,Stan,Huh-I dunno.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Wendy walks up, with Bebe closely following behind her."
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Hi, Stan."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Hi, Wendy."
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Kyle, doesn't Bebe look pretty today?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Bebe comes out from behind Wendy, looking hopeful."
Clubhouses,Kyle,I dunno.
Clubhouses,Wendy,She does. She looks very pretty.
Clubhouses,Kyle,Okay.
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Stan, can I talk to you for a second?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Wendy takes his hand and pulls him aside. Bebe and Kyle are left to look at each other. Bebe smiles at Kyle, and he looks around and put his hands behind him. The two remain silent. She's still smiling. Wendy and Stan walk out of earshot from them."
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Stan, wouldn't it be fun if we fixed Kyle up with Bebe?"
Clubhouses,Stan,No.
Clubhouses,Wendy,"If Bebe and Kyle were a couple, then we can invite them over to your clubhouse for dinner and play parlor games and have meaningful conversations and sip cognac by the fireplace."
Clubhouses,Stan,We could?
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Yeah, Stan."
Clubhouses,Stan,"But dude, I don't have a clubhouse."
Clubhouses,Wendy,You don't?? I thought all guys had clubhouses.
Clubhouses,Stan,Just how many guys' clubhouses have you been in?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Back near the tree, Cartman is sitting on Kenny who is struggling to escape."
Clubhouses,Cartman,Herr Kommandant Cartman has ways of making you talk!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny is too weak to escape and Cartman farts on him.
Clubhouses,Kenny,(Heellp!!)
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Stan, you have to build a clubhouse! Then all four of us can sit in it and play Truth or Dare!"
Clubhouses,Stan,[Intrigued.] Truth or Dare? Wow.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan walks back over to Kyle.
Clubhouses,Stan,"Come on, Kyle. We've got work to do."
Clubhouses,Kyle,We do?
Clubhouses,Stan,We're gonna build a clubhouse. I have to ask my dad for help.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"They walk off. Bebe's eyes follow them out, and Wendy rejoins her."
Clubhouses,Bebe,[To Wendy.] Did it work?
Clubhouses,Wendy,"I think it did, Bebe. If all goes as planned, Kyle will be your new boyfriend."
Clubhouses,Bebe,I hope so Wendy. He's got such a hot ass.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"The Marsh house. Randy turns on the TV and ends up on Terrance and Phillip, who are in a church."
Clubhouses,Terrance,"Hey, Phillip, pull my finger."
Clubhouses,Phillip,"All right, Terrance."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Phillip pulls Terrance's finger.
Clubhouses,Terrance,"Hurgh. Oh, wait wait wait. Pull harder."
Clubhouses,Phillip,"Well, all right."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Phillip tugs harder.
Clubhouses,Terrance,"Hurgh, urgh."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Randy laughs.
Clubhouses,Terrance,"Damnit! Pull really hard, Phillip!"
Clubhouses,Phillip,Okay.
Clubhouses,Terrance,"Hurgh-rrh. Waiwait, wait wait. Hrhrhrhrh. Aha! Hr-rhrh. Oh my! Yeee-aaa!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Terrance takes a deep breath to try to push out a fart.
Clubhouses,Terrance,Hurh. Uhwaiwait. Ye-aauraah-
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"A weak, high pitched fart finally escapes, and the two laugh."
Clubhouses,Terrance,Caught you there!
Clubhouses,Randy,Uh oh!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Randy laughs, as Stan and Kyle approach."
Clubhouses,Phillip,"God. Oh, you got me, Terrance!"
Clubhouses,Terrance,"Yes, I sure did!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Randy laughs some more.
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Whoa, dude. Your dad is watching Terrance and Phillip."
Clubhouses,Randy,"No, I was just uh flipping through the channels."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,He starts changing the channels.
Clubhouses,Stan,"Hey, Dad, we need to build a clubhouse."
Clubhouses,Randy,Okay.
Clubhouses,Stan,How do we do it?
Clubhouses,Randy,"Uh, you just get a hammer and some wood. What? Uh some girls wanna play Truth or Dare or something?"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Yeah, dude! How'd you know?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle are stunned.
Clubhouses,Randy,How do you think I met your mother?
Clubhouses,Sharon,"[Walks in.] Randy, my wedding ring! I lost it down the garbage disposal!"
Clubhouses,Randy,"Oh, brother."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Terrance and Phillip are heard laughing, and Sharon looks at the TV. Phillip, right leg high, farts on Terrance, and they both continue laughing."
Clubhouses,Sharon,"Stanley, I thought I told you not to watch this horrible cartoon!"
Clubhouses,Randy,"Yeah, Stanley, you should know better."
Clubhouses,Stan,Dude!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Sharon takes the remote from Randy and presses a few buttons.
Clubhouses,Sharon,"Here, Stanley, You watch nice cartoons like Fat Abbot."
Clubhouses,Sharon,"Randy, will you please come get my wedding ring out of the sink?"
Clubhouses,Randy,"[Resisting.] Okay, okay."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Randy follows her off into the kitchen as the boys watch Fat Abbot.
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"Hey hey hey. What's goin' on, Rudy?"
Clubhouses,Rudy,"Man, Fat Abbot, you need to lose weight."
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"I'll lose weight when I feel like it, bitch! Shut yo bitchass mouth, ho!"
Clubhouses,Rudy,"Bitch, I'll kick yo ass!"
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
Clubhouses,Stan,Sweet!
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"You think you're slick, you punkass blasphemous dope-fiend bitch! I had my jimmy whacked seven times last week! I'll bust a cap in yo n***a ass, shithole!"
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Wow, cartoons are getting really dirty!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Over in the kitchen, Randy is under the sink."
Clubhouses,Sharon,Did you find it?
Clubhouses,Randy,"Give me a second, would you?"
Clubhouses,Sharon,Don't snap at me!
Clubhouses,Randy,I didn't snap at you.
Clubhouses,Sharon,You snapped at me!
Clubhouses,Randy,Whatever.
Clubhouses,Sharon,"What ever?! In fifteen years you've never said, ""whatever,"" to me!"
Clubhouses,Randy,"I-I don't wanna fight, I'm sorry."
Clubhouses,Sharon,"I'm sorry, too."
Clubhouses,Randy,Uh I think I found it.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,He comes out from under the sink with an alarm clock.
Clubhouses,Sharon,"That's not it, you idiot!"
Clubhouses,Randy,"Hey, back off, bitch!"
Clubhouses,Sharon,[Gasps.] You just said the C-word!
Clubhouses,Randy,Did I?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle are outside working on their clubhouse. The steps, supports, and floor are in place, and they start work on the railing."
Clubhouses,Stan,This is a sweet spot for a clubhouse.
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Yeah. Hey Stan, what did your dad mean when he said we're gonna play Truth or Dare?"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Oh uh, just that, mmmaybe when we're finished, Wendy and- uh... Bebe can come over and play."
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Dude, what kind of sick joke is that? Girls suck ass."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Well-uhuh, of course they do, but uh, wouldn't it be sweet to- to play Truth or Dare with them?"
Clubhouses,Kyle,What? Why?
Clubhouses,Stan,"Because, dude. We could make them do really gross stuff, like eat bugs."
Clubhouses,Kyle,Hey yeah! That'd be sweet! We could totally ruin their lives!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman and Kenny stop by.
Clubhouses,Cartman,What are you guys doing?
Clubhouses,Stan,We're building a clubhouse.
Clubhouses,Cartman,"[Laughs heartily.] A clubhouse? Heheh, that's the lamest thing I've ever heard!"
Clubhouses,Kyle,"It's not lame, it's sweet! After we build this clubhouse, we're gonna get girls to play Truth or Dare!"
Clubhouses,Cartman,[Thinks it over.] Wwwhy??
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Because, dumbass, we can dare them to do gross stuff and make them cry! What? Were you born yesterday?"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Yeah, now beat it you guys. This clubhouse is private!"
Clubhouses,Cartman,That's fine. We'll build our own clubhouse!
Clubhouses,Kyle,Fine!
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Fine! And then we'll get girls to play Truth or Dare, too!"
Clubhouses,Stan,Fine!
Clubhouses,Cartman,Fine!
Clubhouses,Kyle,Fine!
Clubhouses,Kenny,(Fine!)
Clubhouses,Kyle,Fine!
Clubhouses,Cartman,Fine! That's fine.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman turns and walks away with Kenny.
Clubhouses,Stan,Fine!
Clubhouses,Cartman,Fine!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Cartman's house. Cartman and Kenny are looking over the clubhouse kit Cartman has apparently ordered: The Ewok Village 2000 Deluxe Club House Kit w/Elevator. It has a two-story design. Cartman is wearing a yellow hard hat, and Kenny is trying to get a better look at the blueprints."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"No, Kenny, you can't look, I'm the foreman!"
Clubhouses,Kenny,"(Well, why the fuck do I have to do everything while you stand around in the snow lookin--)"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny inches the blueprints closer to himself.
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Because, Kenny, your family's poor. You have to be the worker."
Clubhouses,Kenny,[Still trying.] (Uh--)
Clubhouses,Cartman,"No, Kenny."
Clubhouses,Liane,"[Stopping by.] How's the treehouse coming along, hon?"
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Mom, it's not a treehouse, it's a clubhouse!"
Clubhouses,Liane,"Sorry, hon."
Clubhouses,Cartman,Mom? Can we pull up the carpeting in the living room?
Clubhouses,Liane,"Well, I don't know, Eric. If you did that, then the floors would be bare."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"[Sliding into a whine.] But Mmmom, the blueprint says we need carpeting in the clubhouse!"
Clubhouses,Liane,"Well, all right."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Kenny, my mom says you can go get carpeting in the living room now."
Clubhouses,Kenny,(You suck ass and you suck dick!)
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny walks off to get the carpeting.
Clubhouses,Cartman,And stop your bitchin'!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Stan's House, Stan enters the kitchen and reaches for a jar as his mom washes dishes. She's upset."
Clubhouses,Sharon,"What are you doing, sweetheart?"
Clubhouses,Stan,Getting a cookie. We're building a clubhouse and then we're--
Clubhouses,Sharon,"You men are all alike. First you get a cookie and then you criticize the way I dress and then it's the way I cook! I suppose next you'll be telling me that you need your space and that I'm sabotaging your creativity. Go ahead, Stanley, get your God-damned cookie!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,She walks off in a huff.
Clubhouses,Stan,'Kay.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. Class is now in session. Mr. Twig is still there.
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"And so, children, today we're gonna focus on American history, right Mr. Twig?"
Clubhouses,Mr. Twig,"Uh- that's right, Mr. Garrison. American history is very important--"
Clubhouses,Kyle,When is Mr. Hat coming back?
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,What did you say?!
Clubhouses,Kyle,When is Mr. Hat coming back?
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"I told you to never mention that name in my classroom again! Mr. Hat is a two-timin' whore, and now we all learn from Mr. Twig!"
Clubhouses,Stan,But Mr. Twig sucks.
Clubhouses,Class,Yeah.
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"That is enough! Mr. Hat is gone, and he isn't coming back, and I don't wanna hear it! Anyway, children, lets turn our history textbooks to page 105, which should be right after page 104..."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"So, how's your lame-ass clubhouse, Stan?"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Better than yours, fat boy."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"We'll see about that. [To Kenny.] Don't forget you need to cut school early and wait for the hot tub, Kenny."
Clubhouses,Kenny,"[Gruffly.] (Yes, sir..!)"
Clubhouses,Wendy,Is the clubhouse ready?
Clubhouses,Stan,Almost.
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,Stan? Are you paying attention?
Clubhouses,Stan,"Yes, Mr. Garrison."
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"Well, then, Stanley. What did I just say?"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Um. You said that even though- Charo appeared twelve times on the Love Boat, the episode with Captain and Tennille got higher ratings."
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"...Well, okay. I suppose you were paying attention."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison turns to write on the blackboard.
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"Anyway, children, the Love Boat did go on for about eight years. They tried to bring it back recently, but it didn't work. Probably 'cause Robert Urich had to weigh..."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"While he's explaining the mediocrity of The Love Boat: The Next Wave, the following takes place."
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Good guess, dude!"
Clubhouses,Stan,Phew.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Bebe writes a note and then hands it to Butters.
Clubhouses,Bebe,Pssst! Pass this up.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Butters hands along the note to Kevin.
Clubhouses,Butters,Pass this up.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kevin hands along the note to Fosse.
Clubhouses,Kevin,Pass this up.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Fosse hands along the note to Stan.
Clubhouses,Fosse,P-huh pass this h-up.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan gets the note and reads it.
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"Stanley, are you passing notes to Kyle?!"
Clubhouses,Stan,"No, I just--"
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"Don't lie, Stan. Lying makes you sterile."
Clubhouses,Stan,I'm not lying. Someone just handed me the--
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"Stanley, if you think it's so important to keep interrupting my class, then why don't you come up to the front and read your note to Kyle for everyone to hear!"
Clubhouses,Stan,But I didn't write the note!
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Mr. Garrison, Stan's behavior is having an adverse effect on my education."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Shut up, Cartman!"
Clubhouses,Mr. Garrison,"Stanley Marsh, you come up here right now and read your note!"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Oh, man."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Bebe is worried, as Stan goes up to the front of the class to read the note."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Dear Kyle. You have got such a great ass. I could sleep for days on those perked cheeks, let me tell you.  I'd like to live with you and wear your ass as a hat for all eternity."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,The entire class stares at Stan in shock.
Clubhouses,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Mr. Mackey's office. Stan and Mr. Mackey are talking.
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Now, young man, uh- school is a time for learning, m'kay? Not for immature skylarkings."
Clubhouses,Stan,What's 'skylarkings'?
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"You know, like tomfooleries."
Clubhouses,Stan,Who?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Someone knocks on Mr. Mackey's door.
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, your parents are here."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Oh, no."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,They enter and stand behind Stan.
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,Thank you for coming on such short notice. I was just disciplining your son for his skylarkings.
Clubhouses,Randy,"Stanley, I... Skylarkings?"
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,Yeahm'kay?
Clubhouses,Randy,"Stanley, I want you to explain to me why you were passing notes in school."
Clubhouses,Sharon,"Randy, let me handle this. Now Stanley, I want you to explain to me why you were passing notes in school."
Clubhouses,Stan,"It wasn't my note, dude. It was some girl's."
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Okay. Stanley, we're all here to get to the root of your behavior disorder."
Clubhouses,Sharon,"You really should know better, Stanley."
Clubhouses,Randy,"You need to shape up, mister."
Clubhouses,Sharon,[To Randy.] Don't interrupt me! You always interrupt me when I talk! Can't you see that I--?
Clubhouses,Randy,[A bit testily.] I don't interrupt you.
Clubhouses,Sharon,"There, you did it again! [To Mr. Mackey.] He interrupted me again."
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, uh-- Perhaps you should let your wife finish talking, Mr. Marsh. Now, Stan, I want to you to be--"
Clubhouses,Randy,"Okay, I'm sorry I interrupt. But she always takes over any conversation!"
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Uh. U-uh, taking over any conversation's bad."
Clubhouses,Sharon,[To Randy.] Like you're one to talk! When's the last time you really listened to what I had to say?!
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,[Slowly.] Uuuhh. Mmm mkay.
Clubhouses,Randy,When was the last time you had anything interesting to say? It's always gossip and stupid crap!
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Okay uh uh uh-apparently we have a bit of a communication problem here. Uh, Mr. Marsh, tell me how you're feeling."
Clubhouses,Randy,"Well- uh, I feel like everything I do is wrong, it doesn't matter what I say."
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Mkay. That's valid. Now, uh, Mrs. Marsh--"
Clubhouses,Stan,Excuse me.
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,-how do you feel?
Clubhouses,Sharon,Like I'm a ghost. Like he sees right through me.
Clubhouses,Randy,"Oh, please!"
Clubhouses,Stan,Hello?
Clubhouses,Sharon,"Oh, please yourself!"
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,"Who tries to control the marriage? And by that I mean, who's dominating the aspects of the relationship?"
Clubhouses,Sharon,He is.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"At this point everyone has completely forgotten about Stan, who gets off the chair."
Clubhouses,Randy,"No, she is."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan walks to the door and opens it.
Clubhouses,Sharon,"Oh, I'm sorry! I guess I'm wrong again!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan is gone.
Clubhouses,Mr. Mackey,Mmkay.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman's house. Foreman Cartman is back at the blueprint.
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Look at it, Kenny. It is the greatest clubhouse ever built."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"A shot of their ""clubhouse"". It looks shoddy and horrible."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Oh, man!"
Clubhouses,Kenny,(Uh huh)
Clubhouses,Cartman,"And we built it, with our own hands. Now all we need is chicks, Kenny."
Clubhouses,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Clubhouses,Cartman,"All right. You go find chicks, Kenny."
Clubhouses,Kenny,"(Well, why do I have to be the one to go and find chicks?)"
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Because I have to stay here and work! I still have to shingle the roof, test the foundation, run all kinds of inspections. I've got way too much to do, and all you have to do is to go find chicks! Now, stop your bitchin'!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Kenny walks off and Cartman watches him leave. As soon as he's gone, Cartman throws off his hat and runs into the house."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Mom, can I watch American Gladiators?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Stan's Backyard, Kyle is on the clubhouse floor, waiting as Stan climbs up the steps. A tire swing hangs from the foundation."
Clubhouses,Kyle,Dude! Where have you been? I've been waiting all afternoon.
Clubhouses,Stan,I got in trouble for that note Bebe was trying to pass to you.
Clubhouses,Kyle,To me??
Clubhouses,Stan,"I mean, no. Not to you. Forget it. Come on, dude. We have to finish our clubhouse quick. The girls wanna play Truth or Dare tomorrow!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"They start hammering a board onto the floor, but..."
Clubhouses,Kyle,"We should use nails, dude."
Clubhouses,Stan,My mom won't let us.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Wendy and Bebe arrive in backyard.
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Hi, guys. How's the clubhouse coming?"
Clubhouses,Stan,Pretty good. We're almost done.
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Well, hurry! We wanna play Truth or Dare!"
Clubhouses,Stan,We're going as fast as we can!
Clubhouses,Bebe,"Kyle, could you turn around for a second?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Kyle and Stan look at each other. Kyle turns around, then looks back with Stan at the girls."
Clubhouses,Bebe,Thank you.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"The girls walk away, and the boys resume hammering."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Come on, dude, we have to hammer faster."
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Hey, Stan. Do you know how to play Truth or Dare?"
Clubhouses,Stan,No.
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Well dude, how the hell are we supposed to play it, then?"
Clubhouses,Stan,I didn't even think about that.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Later, at Chef's house. Candles line his dining room wall, and he and Stan are sitting at his table."
Clubhouses,Chef,"And then, they'll ask, ""Truth or Dare?'"
Clubhouses,Stan,"And I say, ""Dare!"""
Clubhouses,Chef,"No no! You say, ""Truth."""
Clubhouses,Stan,"""Truth?"" But that's boring! I want to get ""Dare"" to kiss her."
Clubhouses,Chef,"You have to say ""Truth"" the first few times. Or else, you seem too eager."
Clubhouses,Stan,Oooh.
Clubhouses,Chef,"You can't seem too eager. You've got to play it cool, like you don't even care what happens."
Clubhouses,Stan,Yeah.
Clubhouses,Chef,"Then, after a few ""Truth""s, you finally answer, ""Dare."""
Clubhouses,Stan,"""Dare!"""
Clubhouses,Chef,"But not like that, son. Like this: ""Daaare""."
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Chef speaks in a low, senusal voice, as he moves his hand through the air in unison, for effect."
Clubhouses,Stan,Oooh.
Clubhouses,Chef,And then her little friend will dare you to kiss Wendy.
Clubhouses,Stan,You really think so?
Clubhouses,Chef,Of course she will. They're women. They've had this whole thing planned out months ahead of time.
Clubhouses,Stan,Wow!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, over at Cartman's house. Cartman is watching TV, munching Cheesy Poofs."
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"Heeyy hey hey. What's goin' down, y'all?"
Clubhouses,Rudy,"Man, Fat Abbot. What are you doin' on this side of the 'hood?"
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"You know somethin', Rudy? You're like school in summertime."
Clubhouses,Rudy,School in summertime?
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"Yeah, bitch, school in summertime!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Fat Abbot grabs Rudy by the collar and lifts him up high.
Clubhouses,Fat Abbot,"Open yo' fuckin' ears and shit, ho, or I'll pop your bitch ass."
Clubhouses,Donald,"I'llba poppa yourba bitcha assa tooba, bitcha."
Clubhouses,Cartman,What the hell is goin' on in this cartoon?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Cartman's doorbell rings, and he gets up to answer."
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Oh. Hey, Kenny, did you find any chicks to come to the clubhouse?"
Clubhouses,Kenny,"[Proudly, with thumbs up.] (Uh-huh)"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny has found two teenage girls.
Clubhouses,Runaway girl 1,Hi. We ran away from home.
Clubhouses,Runaway girl 2,"Well like, this kid told us we might be able to crash at your clubhouse for a couple of days."
Clubhouses,Cartman,[Amazed.] Holy crap!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,He leads the three of them to the backyard.
Clubhouses,Cartman,Behold! The Ewok Village 2000!
Clubhouses,Runaway girl 1,"Oh well, I guess it beats living at home."
Clubhouses,Cartman,[Enunciating properly.] Can I offer you ladies a cool beverage or a tasty snack? [Rubs his stomach.]
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, over at Stan's house, Stan's phone starts ringing."
Clubhouses,Stan,Hello?
Clubhouses,Cartman,"How's the clubhouse coming, Stan?"
Clubhouses,Stan,We're working on it.
Clubhouses,Cartman,"Well, I just thought I'd tell you that me and Kenny have finished our clubhouse, and we already have chicks over."
Clubhouses,Stan,"No, you don't!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Female giggles are heard through the phone, and Stan pulls the receiver from his ear."
Clubhouses,Stan,Dude!
