A Song of Ass and Fire,Shopper 6,"Well, what if we just walk really, really slow? [the crowd slows it's walk further, growls spread among them, as they start to resemble a White Walker's] Black Friday!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,You're gonna have to walk slower than that. You've got a while.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Shopper 7,We can walk really slow. Look. [the shoppers start to shamble and quietly moan in a full parody of a White Walker army]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,Smartasses. [turns around and goes inside the mall]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Garden of Andros, day. Cartman and Butters walk along the familiar path"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Paladin Butters, I was hoping I could talk to you about Lady McCormick."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"You mean Princess Kenny, m'lord?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Yeah, whatever. The little prick thinks he's Daenerys Targaryen. I need to know how to deal with him. [picks a rose out for Butters, just as he did for Kenny before.] How do they deal with the Queen of Dragons in Game of Thrones?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,They don't!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Well did you finish watching Season 3 like I asked you?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Yeah, I finished it!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,So what happens when the dragons show up?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Nothing! The dragons are just still on their way! They keep promising dragons, but all I get are more floppy wieners in my face!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Butter-Butters! The key to our victory is following the Game of Thrones model exactly. I have to know what happens when the dragons show up so I know how to deal with Kenny.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Wha-what do you want me to do?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Here's two bus tickets to New Mexico. I want you to take Sir Scott Malkinson and go seek out George R. R. Martin for answers.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Who's George R. R. Martin?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"He's the guy who writes Game of Thrones, Butters! He can let us both know how to handle Kenny, and if we should betray Clyde or not. Let's face it, Butters, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,Hey! I told you kids to stay out of my damn yard!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,[shoots back] Do you mind?! We're trying to talk here!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,"Yeah?! Well how come every time you talk to somebody, it's about betraying somebody else?!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Why don't you mind your own business?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Microsoft headquarters, night. Steve Ballmer is on the phone."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"No. Listen, for the last time, we don't have any dragons to send them. If some people wanna choose PlayStations, it's their choice. [a knock is heard]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Secretary,"Sir, Mr. Gates is here."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Bill Gates? [to the caller] Uh, I gotta go. [hangs up, rises from his seat, goes around the desk, and greets Bill Gates] Hey heeey! Bill Gates actually showing up at Corporate."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"[shaking hands] Hey Steve, how're you doin'?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Not bad, you know? Just tryin' to get this next gen press stuff handled."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"I heard there's a little trouble in uh, Colorado somewhere?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Oh it's- no, it turns out it was nothing, just some kids tryin' to turn the console wars into somethin' bigger."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Oh my gosh. You know, when I uh... stepped down and left you in charge of the company, Steve uh, I knew there might be some challenges for you."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Yeah, well, nothin' I can't handle. [a man dressed in black appears behind him] There might be some changes we need to make to our marketing, but I'm optimistic. [the man approaches Steve.]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,Uh huh.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"You know, I think we'll ultimately sell the number of units we want to. [the man takes out a dagger and gets closer]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"You're right, Steve. Some changes do need to be made. [the hitman reaches around and stabs Ballmer through the chest and drags the dagger to the right, cutting open Ballmer's chest even more. Ballmer cries out, but is choking in his blood. Ballmer steps backwards and falls on his back gasping for air. Gates takes a glass of wine to a sofa and sits down to look at Ballmer] Do you know what weakness is, Steve? Weakness is believing that competition is healthy. See, there was a time when XBoxes and PlayStations could both survive in this world, but that time's done. It's all headed to one device that people game on, watch TV on, socialize on. There's only going to be one winner. I can't have you idiots throwing away everything I worked so hard to achieve. [Ballmer takes his last gasps as Gates walks out of the CEO's office. Gates addresses Ballmer's men] Clean that shit up."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"New Mexico, evening. Butters and Scott are walking down a street. Butters checks a map for George R. R. Martin's address"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Well come on, Scott. You're lagging."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,I think my insulin's low. I need to eat.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Let's just talk to this guy, and then we can hit a McDonald's. Oh here we go. 2217. [Butters and Scott stand in front of a mansion gate somewhere in the Southwest. Cacti abound on either side of the high fence. Butters reaches up and presses a buzzer]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,[through the intercom] Can I help you?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Hello? Is this George R. R. Martin's house?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,"Who is this, please?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Uhhhh, it's two kids who want to know what happens when the dragons show up? [two seconds of silence] Hello?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,"I'm sorry, but Mr. Martin does not see fans."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,We're not fans!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"Yeah, we don't like it!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"We don't like it! And I'm pretty pissed off, if you wanna know the truth!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,About what?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Let me talk to George R. R. Martin, and I'll tell him about what! [the buzzer sounds again and the gates open. Butters and Scott go inside and towards the front door. George R. R. Martin steps outside to greet them]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"It's the Red Wedding, isn't it? You hate how I killed everyone off?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Uh no sir, we just really need to know about the dragons, but they never seem to show up."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,Oh they're coming. The dragons are on their way.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,When?
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,You really wanna know?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,[sternly] Please. It's urgent.
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Alright, King Joffrey is still at King's Landing, but there's a young blacksmith who wakes up one morning with a plan. And His wiener gently hangs down between his legs. Soft and flaccid, his wiener glistened in the golden sunlight."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"No, uhno, can we skip the wiener stuff and just get to the dragons?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"Aw shit, I think I'm-I think I'm going to faint."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Uh what's the matter, Scott?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,I told you I have to eat every two hours.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,He's diabetic.
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Oh Jeez, uh, why don't you kids come out from the cold? I'll order some pizzas."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Oh. Okay, thanks."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,Come on in! I'll tell you everything that's gonna happen in Game of Thrones. [leads the boys inside]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Garden of Andros, day. Cartman and Kyle walk along the familiar path"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Sir Kyle, I wanted to talk to you about Stan."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"If you want to make sure I'm not switching sides, Cartman, you don't have to worry. Stan is wrong."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"It isn't that. Princess Kenny is loved by her army [picks a rose out for Kyle], but Stan is still the nuts and ball of her operation. [Kyle sniffs the rose] It would be a huge setback to the traitors getting their PlayStations if Stan were to be... [stops] grounded?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,Grounded? For what?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,That could be up to you.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"No, Cartman. You said nobody will have to be grounded. We're not playing dirty!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Fine, Sir Kyle. Perhaps you're right. [begins walking] Did you know that Stan's dad is working a temp job as mall security?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,What?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Seems a little convenient, doesn't it? [stops and faces Kyle] Stan with somebody on the inside to help him get his PS4s. Who's playing dirty now? Let's face it, Sir Kyle, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,Don't believe it! [Cartman and Kyle look at Thompson] He said that to a bunch of people!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Dude, you'd better stop harassing me or I'm callin' the cops!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,You're callin' the cops?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Yeah!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,You're on my property! I'm callin' the cops!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Well go ahead! Call the fuckin' cops then!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"A bedroom, night. A couple is having sex in it. As the camera pans right, it reveals whom the couple is - the Channel 9 news team. Niles appears at the door with a microphone in hand. He clears his throat"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"[startled] Oh oh! [calms down] Oh, it's you."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Tom, I'm standing in your doorway because we have a hot news story to report."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,We don't go to work for another hour.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,[walks to the foot of the bed] We just got a call from Bill Gates. [sits down] He says he can promise us a bigger war on Black Friday if we play along.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,He wants us to side with him?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"That's right, Tammy. Let's not forget that having a bloodbath on Black Friday is good for the news. It's good for us. The bigger, the better."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"Our job is to report the news, not make it more violent!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Right, Tom. Because you're sooo about integrity. Let's go. [stands up and walks to the doorway, then turns around] Or maybe I should let everyone in the newsroom know what their two anchors are up to! Back to you!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Channel 9 Morning News, with Tom and Tammy Thompson"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Announcer,"It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. Colorado's top-rated brother-sister news team."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"Well Black Friday is just around the corner and Tammy, it's getting fierce out there."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,"That's right, and Niles Lawson is out at the mall with a little holiday surprise."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Tammy, the excitement over Black Friday is peaking, and none other than Bill Gates himself has shown up to try to make it even bigger. [Bill Gates appears]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"That's right. We just wanna do whatever we can to help our supporters get their XBoxes at incredible deals on Friday, so we've come to offer swords and battle axes, whatever the kids can carry to help them fight their way through the other shoppers."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,We understand that you've donated some guns to the kids as well.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Yes, but we are limiting it to one per XBox follower,, because of course, the key thing here on everyone's mind is safety."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. The XBox army marches down the street, with Cartman being borne on a litter by several boys. Some of the bearers are Clyde and Kevin. One of the Federation members, dressed as Geordi La Forge, is indeed carrying a gun. The army approaches Kenny's house, and Token knocks on the door"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Mrs. McCormick,[answers the door] Yes?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Hi, is Kenny home?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Mrs. McCormick,"Uh, yeah, Kenny's out back playing with his friends."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Forward, men! [the bearers try to fit Cartman through the door, but they can't fir through. First they run into the door frame on the left side] That, no- [then on the right] No, you- You've gotta turn me. [the bearers tilt the litter some seventy degrees without Cartman falling off and finally fit through the door.]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Kenny's backyard. The PS4 army is there, practicing"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Jimmy,It's the enemy! Defensive po-po-p-po-p-positions! [other soldiers rally]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Other kids,Protect the Princess! Kill 'em! Kill 'em! Get out!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"I seek audience with the traitor, Lady McCormick?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,Let them pass! [the PS4 army makes way for the XBox army. Cartman is carried over to Kenny's throne]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"(Welcome to my kingdom, Sir Eric. Please, state your purpose.)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,[translating] The Princess bids your fat ass welcome to her kingdom and suggests you state your purpose. [Kenny plays with the hair on his wig]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"You can't win this, guys. Look around you. Lay down your weapons, and you can come back and fight for XBoxes with us on Black Friday."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,(You can change your mind instead of fighting us on Friday.)
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,"The Princess says that if you wanna change your mind and agree that Playstations are better, she'll consider it."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Kenny, we all understand wanting to play as the chick once in a while, 'kay? But you are never going to be a real princess!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"(What?!) [fans himself] (Oh, the nerve! How insensitive of you, you cock-sucking faggot!)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,The Princess calls you a ball-licking lesbian.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,That doesn't even make sense.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"[steps forward] Stan, this has gone too far. People are going to get hurt. What you started is way out of control."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,What I started? How dare you!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,All these people are going to be gaming on XBox. You really wanna just game with Craig the rest of your life?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,"I would rather game with Craig than spend one minute having to set up an XBox Live account! We will get our PlayStations tomorrow, and you buttholes will have nothing!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"You're outnumbered ten to one, and there's no time left! How will you win?! [Stan and Kenny look at each other, then Stan thinks a minute]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,The gods will find us a way!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"George R. R. Martin's living room, later. He's expounding on the Game of Thrones..."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"So then Samwell Tarly sees the army approaching, and his wiener is about this big. [about 18 inches, by his estimate. Butters is losing patience as Scott fades] He knows that Stannis Baratheon's wiener is probably shriveled from the cold. Samwell has to rally his men, so what does he do? He takes out his wiener [unzips his pants and demonstrates his story] and he dangles it around for all his men to see. [shakes his hips and pretends his wiener is a bell]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,AAAH! [turns away for a moment]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"OOAH! Uh, sir, you said pizzas were coming!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Yeah yeah, they're on their way. They're still coming. So Samwell's wiener goes [shakes his hips around as if his wiener were a bell and makes sounds for it]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,But you said they were on their way like three hours ago! [Scott had said he needs to eat every two hours]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"If I don't get pizza soon, I'm goin' to pass out."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"[zips up] Don't worry. They're coming. Pizzas are on their way. They're gonna be amazing. [picks up where he was interrupted] Now, John Snow finally faces Jaime Lannister, and this guy's wiener is, you know, huge, right? So it's not goin' to be easy."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Ehhh...
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Garden of Andros, day. Cartman is back with another partner in crime"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Mr. Gates, I was hoping I could talk to you about the fight on Friday."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Certainly. Uh, Eric, right?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Uhh, it's my Lord Wizard King, actually. Having your leadership has certainly been a help. [picks another yellow rose for Gates] But I hope that we're clear that this is my army. [hands the rose to him. Gates sniffs it] There can only be one person of royalty; that's kind of the rules."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Oh I certainly don't wanna step on your toes. Don't worry, I'm quite good at letting my CEOs do what they want."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Your CEOs?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Let's face it, this is really just about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Uhhh, hmmm. What?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,[from his bedroom window] Hahaa! How's it feel?! Now who's walking who through the betrayal garden?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Why don't you stay the fuck out of my business?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,Why don't you stay the fuck out of my yard?! [slams his window shut]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Sony Headquarters, Japan, night. The President of Sony is on top of someone, giving it to them, but that person is silent."
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Ish, ish, ish, o-ish, haishooo! [quickly sits up to deliver the final thrust, then collapses onto his bed. He then rolls over on his back, revealing whom he was having sex with]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,[with mic in hand] That was amazing sex. I enjoyed it immensely. How about you?
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"[gets a cigarette and lights it.] Tanoshikatta ne. (Yeah, it was fun.)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"You know, Microsoft has given kids who want XBoxes on Black Friday a lot of support. Seems a shame that the fight will be so one-sided."
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Eh? Nani kore, tsukareta yo. (What? I'm tired!)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,Black Friday is about to happen and it's not even gonna be a fight. That's bad for both of us. There must be something you can give to kids who want Sonys to make the fight more even.
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Hai. [""Yes."" He reaches over to his left and grabs a box] Kore ga arimasu. [""Here it is"" He opens the box and something begins to glow inside]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"[leans in to see what it is] Yes, I think that will do nicely."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"GRRM's Santa Fe mansion. He's now poised to be conductor. He taps his music stand with the conductor's stick. The scene changes to show a chorus of 10 white, middle-aged men in red-sashed, black, concert tuxedos holding musical scores and standing on double row of concert risers facing GRRM. They begin singing"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"[Classical men's ensemble singing in musical round style, as GRRM conducts.] Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,"One wiener, next to another wiener"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,Two wieners alongside yet another wiener
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"Party, wiener party, wiener party, party party, wiener party, wiener wiener [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,"Soft wieners, nice and soft, non-erect wieners!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"Keep them flopping, flopping wieners, floppy floppy, dangle wieners, dangle dangle [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,Five wieners in my face
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Stop! Stop please! I can't take any more! [Chorus is silent]
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"But this is the best part. Right before King Joffrey gets poisoned, everyone flaps their wieners all around his face."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Jeaaaaah!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"[gets off the sofa] Listen, buddy! You promised that pizzas were on the way! If they don't show up right now, you're gonna have a dead kid in your hands! Do you hear me?!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Okay, okay, fine fine. What kind of pizzas do you want?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,What kind do we want?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,He hasn't even ordered the pizzas yet!
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Don't worry! They're coming! Not just two pizzas, there's, there's gonna be five! And they're gonna be huge! You won't believe it!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Come on, Scott! We're leaving! [helps Scott off the sofa, and they're about to leave]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Wait, I haven't told you what happens yet!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"NO! Black Friday is about to happen, and my friends and I have to be the first ones inside the mall to get XBoxes!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,Well why didn't you say so? I can help with that.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Whatoyou mean?
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,I'll make some calls. I know a way to make sure you're completely prepared for Black Friday! [starts dialing]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,Kenny's backyard. The PS4 army is at attention. The Sony President and his chief officers are there. The President presents the box to Kenny
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Sony PS4 no urazuke. Zenbu. Domo sumimasen. [""For your support of the Sony PS4, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of you""]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Aide,The President of Sony bids you thanks for all your support of the PS4.
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Sore kara kono gifuto de Princess no Pawaa agemashou [""After that, let us give you this gift, the Power of the Princess""]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Aide,"He offers you this gift to once and for all make you an official Princess, and to give you the powers you need to win this war on Black Friday. [The president kneels, opens the box, and shows off the brooch resting within it. Kenny leaves the throne and takes the brooch from its box]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Ima kara [""From now on""]... Princess Kenny!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Craig,"Wow, Kenny's a Japanese princess."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"(Wooo!) [as J-pop music plays, Kenny's backyard is transformed. The makeshift thrown becomes a gazebo with a unicorn bust on top, Kenny gets a magical girl look, with big anime eyes, and gets the power of the rainbow, with bubbles, etc. He gets a pet unicorn. The whole scene could be an intro for a Princess Kenny show.]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, night. The 'White Walker' crowd is beginning to cross the street"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 9,Oh God. We're done for!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,"My friends, the time is almost here. Let us face these shoppers with the bravery of those mall security officers before us. [his phone rings and he picks up] Commander Marsh. ... They're what? ... They're gonna what?!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,Outside the mall. The 'Walker' crowd army is closing in on the entrance. Channel 9 News is on the scene
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Tom, we have breaking news from the South Park mall. In an effort to make sure everyone is prepared, the mall has decided to push Black Friday by one week!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Crowd,[turns and looks at him] What?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"The genius idea was proposed by George R. R. Martin, who also suggested ""Fuck it, let's push Thanksgiving to December 3rd."" For pushing the date, the mall is now reducing Black Friday prices to 96% off to the first hundred people inside the mall! [the shoppers begin to fight each other] This is going to be a fucking bloodbath, Tom. There will be medical tents, ambulances, face-painting, no doubt a lot of people you know and love are going to die! [an elderly man holding up a 96% off flier lets out a dragon's roar]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Previously on South Park. Some clips of the previous episodes are shown as a summary. A clip featuring the Canadian Minister of Health is included just for kicks. The intro follows, with the Wiener song from last episode playing. Then follows the Princess Kenny Japanese anime-style animation. The segment begins at Sony Headquarters. Three men are in the president's office. One looks out the window while the second talks to the president"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Taihen! Mada Microsoft watashi no fune tomatteiru. [""Bad news! Microsoft is still stopping our ships.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Sou ka... [""I see...""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Sugu, funukenakereba narimasen. Kono Buraku Furaide sugu kuru. [""We must not back down this soon. Black Friday will soon arrive.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Kore ga mondai desu ne? Ima Purincessu Kenni sugoi irimasu! [""This is a problem, right? I really need Princess Kenny now!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Tadaima! [""I'm back!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,Oh!
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Purincessu Kenni reporuto! [""Princess Kenny reporting!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Ah! Ikimashita! [His eyes change to loving hearts icons--""Ah! He has arrived!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Kawaii na, Purincessu Kenni. [""Princess Kenny is so cute.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Un [""Yup.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Hayai de! Purincessu Kennu, arigato! Mondai dayo: XBokusu saisho no Bill Gates watashi no PS4 shipment tomatteimasu! [""That was quick. Thank you, Princess Kenny. We have a problem: XBox's president Bill Gates is stopping the shipment of the PS4!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Hai, Purincessu Kenni assisuto! [""Yessir! Princess Kenny will assist!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"At sea, day. A Sony cargo ship is stopped in its tracks by three smaller Microsoft ships"
Titties and Dragons,Captain,"Baka! Kora wa sugoi cheating desu! [""Idiot! This is amazing cheating!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Deckhand,"[points to the sky] Ara! Purincessu Kenni! [""Look! Princess Kenny!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Minna-san! Kenni kimasu! [""Everyone, Kenny has arrived""]"
Titties and Dragons,Deckhand,[elated] Aaaaah! [His eyes become loving stars]
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Return to normal South Park animation style and open on XBox Army headquarters, day. Cartman is in a lawn chair talking to Kyle and Clyde. He's not pleased with what he's hearing."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,[nose in left hand] He did what?? He flew down in a parachute and he what??
Titties and Dragons,Clyde,"Apparently, he stopped Microsoft from blockading the shipment of PS4s to the mall. Looks like he's all over the place winning the console wars for Sony."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Because, because what? Because he's cute?"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Cartman, he's got everyone on Sony's side. We can't stop him!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,But what does he do besides that he's cute?!
Titties and Dragons,Liane,"[appears in the sliding door] Sweetie, Bill Gates is on the phone for you."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Tell Bill Gates to suck my ass, Mom! [she turns around and goes back inside. Cartman reconsiders] Mom? [she looks back at him] Don't seriously tell Bill Gates to suck my ass. Tell him everything's cool and I'll call him in a little bit. [she walks out of view]"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,This would have never happened if you would have let Kenny be a princess in the first place!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"He's not a princess, he's a DUDE!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Well, unfortunately for us, he's now on the other side! We are out of options!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"So what are you saying, Kyle?!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I have an idea. [turns around and walks off a bit] I don't like it, but I think it's the only choice we have."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, night. A huge crowd of people waits to get in, and minor scuffles pop up from time to time. Niles reports"
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Tom, Black Friday is finally almost here, and as you can see behind me, holiday shoppers are really getting antsy. People have been waiting out here since midnight on Thanksgiving. They're cold, they're starving, and there's already been a lot of blood shed over these holiday deals. Joining me now is Rick Tellmore, [balding shopper] who's been out here for six days, and your five year old son was eaten. Is that correct?"
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"Yes, yes that's right, we had to eat him. We were all sort of starving out here, so we drew straws, and he drew the shortest one."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,What is it you're hoping to get when Black Friday does finally start?
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"A a Blu-ray player. Ninety-six percent off, it's gonna be about 20 bucks."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Now, some people might say that eating your child is not very Christmasy. What would you say to them?"
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"[thinks a long time] Iiii... ate my son for a Blu-ray play-er With a ho ho ho and a jingle jingle jang-le My son got ate and it tasted good ho ho jingle jingle ho ho! [as Niles speaks, he moves off, singing] Ho ho jingle jing-le Jingle jingle jang-le Jingle jingle jingle ho ho!"
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"No doubt Christmas is alive and well at the South Park Mall. Back to you, Tom."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"PS4 Army's medieval tent headquarters, day. Stan looks over a crude, cardboard, scale model of the mall, with troop locations indicated by Lego men"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Alright, guys, here's the deal: the main entrance to the mall is already blocked by thousands of waiting shoppers. The kids who want XBoxes plan to flank from the left, here. [points to the location] Our best chance of being first inside is finding a way to the mall's back entrance, here. [points to a location outside cardboard Red Robin]"
Titties and Dragons,Craig,At Red Robin?
Titties and Dragons,Jimmy,That's right. Red Robin has doors on the inside that go right out into the mall.
Titties and Dragons,Stan,The key to us being the first ones inside is taking over the Red Robin before Black Friday starts.
Titties and Dragons,Craig,So how do we take over Black Robin?
Titties and Dragons,Stan,I have no idea.
Titties and Dragons,Pete,"[appearing at the tent's entrance] Hey uh, excuse me?"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Yes?
Titties and Dragons,Pete,"The uh, XBox fighters are here and they say they wanna switch sides?"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"What? [moments later, outside, Stan walks towards Cartman as the two armies face each other]"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Go ahead and tell him, Cartman."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Alright. on behalf of the XBox fighters of Zaron we hereby lay down our arms and give up, okay?"
Titties and Dragons,Craig,Haha.
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Shut up, Craig! This is very difficult! You guys win, alright?! We'll all play on PlayStation 4s! We still think XBox is the superior machine, but you got too many people on your side, and then Kenny became a Japanese princess."
Titties and Dragons,Clyde,Nobody saw that coming.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Look, the truth is, we all have a bigger problem now, and you know it. Nobody is going to get anything if we don't work together against those thousands of other shoppers."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"So, better a PS4 than nothing, is that it? I think we'll take our chances on our own. [turns around and walks away]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"We know a way inside the Red Robin. [this stops Stan, Jimmy and Craig] You don't think you're the only ones that thought of it. We were going to use the Red Robin entrance too, and we figured out how."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Red Robin can be rented out, for wedding parties. If we all chip in we can pay for the deposit to have the wedding party there."
Titties and Dragons,Craig,"Hey, that could work."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Let's do this together, dude. [Stan turns around and goes back] Our only shot at playing any next-gen console is by teaming up. If you wanna game on a PS4, then I do too."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,And you swear you'll be okay with that? You won't talk about the XBox being better ever again?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[pledges with his right hand up and puts his left hand behind his back] I swear, Stan."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"[turns around] Alright, guys. Looks like we have a wedding to plan. [as he walks away with Jimmy and Craig, the camera reveals that Kyle had his fingers on the hand behind his back crossed during the swear.]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Switch to Princess Kenny anime-style animation. Sony headquarters, day."
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Taihen. Kono console warusu mada owaranai. [""This is bad! These console wars aren't over yet.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 3,"Sou desu [""That's right""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Un? [""Oh?""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 3,"[holds up a chart showing the projected sales of XBox and PS4 in Japan] XBox to Sony PS4 neku ando neku desu. [""The XBox and Sony PS4 are neck and neck.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Minna-san, ii yo. Purincessu Kenni ganbaru. [""Everyone, its alright. Princess Kenny will give it her all.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Secretary 1,"Kenni-chan, shitsure desu kedo. Wedding invitation kimashita. [""Kenny-chan, sorry to interrupt, but a wedding invitation has arrived.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Ha? Ueddingu? [""Huh? Wedding?"" Kenny reads the front of the invitation: ""You are invited to a wedding at Red Robin""]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[Cartman's portrait, anime-style with a beard, voices over as Kenny reads the note inside the invitation.] Kenny-chan, please come home at once. Our two houses have found peace. Come to the Red Robin wedding, and we will accept you as the princess you are. Yours truly, the Wizard King."
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Waaah? Sugoi-chan. [""What? Sweet!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Purincessu Kenni ueddingu irimasu ne? [""Princess Kenny is going to be in a wedding, right?""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Un. [""Yeah.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Purincessu Kenni, honto ni zenbu arigato [""Princess Kenny, thanks so much for everything.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Ki o tsukete, Kenni-chan [""Take care, Kenny-chan!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Purincessu Kenni, sayonara! [""Goodbye, Princess Kenny!"" They all bow]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Minna-san, sayonara! Ima, Purincessu Kenni tomodachi ni kaerimasu! [""Goodbye, everyone! Princess Kenny is going back home to her friends!"" Kenny jumps out the window... and drops straight down. She crashes into the street below and leaves a big puddle of blood]"
Titties and Dragons,Man,Eh?!
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Nande koto! Purincessu Kenni koroshita! [""Oh my God! It killed Princess Kenny!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Honto! Purincessu Kenni shindeitta! [""It's true! Princess Kenny is dead!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Horaa! [""Look!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"[gets up and dusts himself off, then floats in the air] Purincessu Kenni daijobu dayo! [""Princess Kenny is fine!""]"
Titties and Dragons,The office,"Ahh, kawaii! [The men's eyes turn to hearts, the women's to happy upside-down U's--""Ahh, how cute!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Return to normal animation style. The Garden of Andros, yet again. Cartman walks with Stan now."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Sir Stan, I was hoping I could talk to you about the wedding."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Yeah, sure, what about it?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"I think it's best that when the time comes for the mall to open, we should stay back a bit from the doors. [reaches out for a yellow rose]"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Why?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Well, think about it. [hands the rose to Stan, who takes it] The first people inside are gonna have to take on the brunt of the holiday shoppers from the main entrance. It's best we let Butters and Scott Malkinson go first. While they fight, we can simply slip on by."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Oh, okay I guess that makes sense, but... Butters and Scott won't be able to get their PS4s."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Yes, that's true, but, let's face Sir Stan. This is all about you and me getting PlayStations. The rest are simply there to help us... get through-"
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,"He's lying to you! [Cartman gets annoyed, and he and Stan look at Thompson] They're just acting like they've given up, but it's a double-bluff!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,Dude! Dude!
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,They're gonna betray you at the Red Robin wedding! He got the idea watching Game of Thrones!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Dude, shut the fuck up!"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Who is that?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,He's just this old crazy guy who gets pissed off because I'm in his garden all the time.
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,They're gonna lock you in!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"God damn it, shut up!"
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,He talked about it in my garden to like three other people! They're gonna lock you in the Red Robin and go get all the XBoxes! That's why he wants you to stay back from the doors!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Well why don't you just tell the whole world everything, huh?! Why don't you tell everyone what Prometheus was about while you're at it?!"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Did Kyle know about this?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Dude, we're not gonna betray you. Come on! Did you see Prometheus? I don't think the writers even knew what that was about."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Did Kyle know about this?!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[sighs] Kyle thought of it. [Stan bolts out of there] Stan, dude, hold on! XBox One is fuckin' sweet, dude! [with Stan not returning, Cartman looks at Thompson] You're a fuckin' asshole!"
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,"Fuck you, get out of my garden!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,I'll shit in your fuckin' garden!
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,Go fuck yourself! [slams his bedroom window shut]
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Channel 9 News
Titties and Dragons,Tammy,"Well, the wait is over and Black Friday is finally here."
Titties and Dragons,Tom,"Niles Lawson is at the scene, and it's about time, Niles."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"That's right Tom. Mall officials have said they are ready, and doors will open as soon as their guest of honor cuts the ceremonial red ribbon. [shown] This year's ribbon cutter is of course George R. R. Martin, who um, doesn't appear to have shown up yet, [a real-life photo of George R. R. Martin is shown] but uhh, says he is on his way. Just like the dragons and zombies in his novels, he is on his way."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Sure enough, two horses run through frozen New Mexico. One carries George R. R. Martin, the other carries Butters and Scott, who has passed out from lack of eating"
Titties and Dragons,Butters,Now just hold on a minute! Well I'm pretty darned sure the fastest way back to Colorado isn't on horseback!
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"That may be true, but horses have one quality that is unmatched by any other mode of transportation."
Titties and Dragons,Butters,"What's that? [looks around, than below, his horse] Awww! [horse is shown with a huge semi-hard penis.]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Red Robin, day. As the boys and Red Robin workers go about preparing the restaurant for a wedding, Cartman talks to the manager. After hanging up a ""Happy Wedding"" banner, Clyde and Craig come down some ladders"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Okay, cool, could we set up the two long tables here, like, facing each other, and then another one for the bride and groom back there?"
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Uh, I heard a rumor. May I ask, who is it that's getting married?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oh uum, Tom Hanks aaand Beyoncé."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"It's, it's real? It's for real? Oho my God, I love them!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Yesh, kewl."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,So Beyoncé is not with Jay-Z anymore?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Well, clearly she wouldn't be marrying Tom Hanks at Red Robin if she was."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Uh, guys, guys, not those tables. Get the good tables. This is VIP, okay?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,Has anyone heard from Butters and Scott Malkinson? The fuck are they?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[rushes up] Cartman, Cartman! I heard that Stan somehow found out about our plan!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Yes, he did."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,Well what the hell are you doing?! This isn't gonna work now!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[shushes Kyle up and walks him a few steps] It's fine, Kyle. Everything's been taken care of. Stan won't be telling anybody anything... ever again."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,[getting alarmed] What the hell did you do??
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"What had to be done so that we can play our games on XBoxes, Kyle!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,No. Tell me you didn't!
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Stan's house, evening. Sharon takes Kyle up to Stan's room and briefs him on Stan's trouble"
Titties and Dragons,Sharon,"He's not allowed to come out of his room, so you can talk to him through the door."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Thanks, Mrs. Marsh."
Titties and Dragons,Sharon,And keep it short. He's in real trouble. He defecated in a nice old man's garden.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Ok-okay. [watches her leave, walks over to Stan's door and knocks] Stan? Stan?"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"[startled out of his sleep] Huh? Hello? Who is that? [next to him is a glass of milk, a sandwich with a bite in it, and a tin cup]"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Stan, it's me."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Get out of here!
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Dude, I know you're pissed at me right now. You've gotta understand that I did it because I know in my heart that the XBox is better, for all of us."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,You completely betrayed the last bit of friendship we still had.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"You weren't playing fair, dude. Getting your dad to work part time at the mall wasn't fair."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"[stands and turns to address Kyle] I didn't even know he was working at the mall, Kyle!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,You didn't?
Titties and Dragons,Stan,...But you couldn't just ask me. Because XBox people... don't care about the truth. They just care about seamless multimedia connectivity.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Stan. I'm sorry. This whole war has just got us all so screwed up. I just want us to be playing Call of Duty on the right machine."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,You don't understand. I'm never playing Call of Duty with you again.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[lets his head fall on the door] Stan, don't say that."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Get out of here! I'm done with you! [grabs the tin cup and raps it against his bedroom 'jail cell' door as in classic prison movies] Mom! Mom! [Kyle stands up straight] Get him out of here! [Sharon arrives, and Kyle back away from the door] Get him out! [Kyle leaves]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Inside the currently empty South Park Mall atrium, night. Randy addresses the other guards"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"Now listen up: there are only eight of us now. Peterson was a great guy, and he did not deserve to get beheaded like that. Now I don't know about you, but I am sick and tired of getting to know people here, getting invested in their personalities and their back stories, and then having them die! [points to the main entrance] When those doors open, we all stick together! If anyone panics, it puts us all at risk! [a blond guard begins to weep] Stay tough, rookie."
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,"We're not gonna make it, sir."
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"We're gonna make it! You've got a newborn little girl who needs her daddy to make it! I'm not going to let you die, okay?!"
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,Okay.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,OKAY?!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,Yes sir! Yes sir.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"Not one more good person dies on my watch! [all of a sudden, shoppers break through the skylight on the upper level]"
Titties and Dragons,Guard 3,Oh my God!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 8,They're comin' in through the roof!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,"[begins to back away] I can't do this! I'm sorry! I can't do this! [runs off, and now there are seven]"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"Stay at your post! [an arrow pierces the fleeing guard's back right chest. Randy is shown again, holding the bow from which the arrow came] Nooo! NOOO! EVERYBODY REALLY LIKED HIM!! NOOO!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. A helicopter shot of the crowd outside the mall."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Here we go, Tom. George R. R. Martin has finally arrived to cut the red ribbon. [George R. R. Martin is shown behind the red ribbon with scissors in hand]"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to be here this morning on behalf of South Park Mall Partners and channel 9 News, your go-to source for news, weather, and sports."
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 8,"Just do it! [the shoppers in front crouch down, ready to run inside]"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"Very well. In the tradition of our ancestors, [lowers the scissors to a cutting position] let's bring in the holidays! [more jockeying for position. George R. R. Martin pulls up at the last moment and closes the scissors] But first, I'd like to share with you a few words about my wiener."
Titties and Dragons,Crowd,"AAAWWWW!! [off to one side, where the crowd can't see, the Goth kids approach Red Robin]"
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Hey, sorry guys. Red Robin is closed for a special event today."
Titties and Dragons,Pete,"Yeah, we know. We're with the wedding."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Oh great, go right on in. [smiles and lets them in]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Red Robin, inside. The theme is medieval times, with the boys in costume. Both houses - House PS4 and House XBox - are present. Jimmy plays the flute while Craig accompanies him on tambourine in a medieval style song."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Everyone! Everyone, a Black Friday toast. How awesome that we are all friends again. Our two houses brought together. Soon we will all have our PlayStation 4s. [all cheer] And to you, my old friend, Princess Kenny. You really look stunning. No doubt the gods have smiled down upon your perky boobs."
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"(My boobs? You flatter me, Grand Wizard!)"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Now, if you'll excuse my, my lady, I need to take a shit. [leaves the table and goes to the mall-side entrance, where Clyde is keeping watch] What have you found out?"
Titties and Dragons,Clyde,The mall isn't open yet. They're waiting for George R. R. Martin to come cut the ribbon.
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oh okay, that could be a while. [turns away from the door] All our men are ready. When the mall opens, blow the whistle. We'll rush through the doors and lock the Sony dorks inside. Alright, now I really do need to take a shit."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,At the mall entrance...
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,O soft and pink with purple head.Gently you lay with me on my bed.
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 9,"Get on with it, George R. R. Martin! [the rest of the crowd rallies behind him]"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"""Growl, growl"" calls the wiener from on high A little tiny wiener, still so pleasing to the eye."
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 10,Enough with the wieners already!
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 11,"Yeah, come on!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Back at Red Robin... Cartman is back from the restroom and looks over to the mall entrance
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,Clyde? Where the hell is Clyde? Clyde?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[approaches Cartman and Kenny's table] Princess Kenny, I believe it's time we returned the Wizard's hospitality! [the PS4 soldiers immediately brandish their weapons and aim them at the XBox soldiers. Tweek advances on Token with an armed bow. Kenny has his sword under Cartman's chin]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,What the hell is this?!
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Cartman. There's been a little change in plans!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Sir Kyle, they're about to open the mall! What are you doing?!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I am no longer an XBox guy! I let my friend get grounded, but today I will give him a PlayStation!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Kyle, the PlayStation controller sucks and you know it!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"The fight is over, Cartman!"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,[walks into view] It's not over. Looks like I came just in time.
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oho! Bill Gates! Sweet! In your face, Kyle!"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"[walks into view and speaks in very thick accent] You will not interfere, Bill Gates! These-a children will get their PS4s!"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"(The Sony president's here too, desu ka? [""Is that the Sony president here, too?""])"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,Wait a minute. Ha-how the hell did these two guys end up here?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,They're not a part of your betrayal?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,No. They're not a part of your betrayal?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"No. Whose betrayal is this? [the sound of chains comes from the mall entrance - Stan locks the doors, then turns around]"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,We're done with betrayals! It's time to put an end to this!
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,Stan?
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Inside the mall...
Titties and Dragons,Guard 3,"Sir? Sir, Operations just said they need one of us to unlock the door to Red Robin to let some wedding party inside the mall!"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,Screw them! They'll have to fend for themselves! Wait. Red Robin Wedding? Who's getting married?!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 3,Tom Hanks and Beyoncé.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"What?! Oh my God, everyone likes Tom Hanks and Beyoncé! [runs towards Red Robin] I've gotta save them!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Back at Red Robin...
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"I appreciate what you're trying to do, Kyle, but I have a better idea! This isn't our war, you guys! It never was. We've been pitted against each other by two companies for the sake of marketing. That's why they want lines around the block. [stops between the two presidents] Because they want a war to promote their products. They don't give a crap what kind of friendships they cost. You two want a war so bad? [throws his sword at the Sony president] Then you fucking fight!"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Huh? [strokes the wooden sword] Sou...[""I see...""]"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,Then let's finish it! [begins to unbutton his shirt] You and me!
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Ikimashou! [""Let's go!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,"[now topless, he is fully covered in MS-13 gang tattoos. Prominent chest tattoo is ""MS-DOS""] Winner take all!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oh dude, this is pretty sweet."
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Then let this be your last fight, Bill Gates. [Gates throws the first punch, then follows up with a few kicks. The Sony president comes back with a right hook. The kids look on in horror as the men fight unarmed. Butters finally shows up.]"
Titties and Dragons,Butters,"Hey, fellas. What did I miss? [smiles]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"At the main mall entrance, George R. R. Martin is still expounding on wieners"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,Look at this wiener. [unzips his pants] Judge it by its size?Rub it three times and it has a surprise. [Shopper 4 joins George R. R. Martin after George R. R. Martin exposes his penis and opens up a switchblade]
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 4,"That's it! You're not delaying this anymore, you wiener-loving bitch! [slices off George R. R. Martin's penis and throws it into the crowd, which cheers wildly. Shopper 4 cuts the ribbon, and the crowd surges into the mall. The six remaining guards are powerless against the crowd]"
Titties and Dragons,Guard 8,"Happy holidays, Rick. [grabs Rick's hand and holds it as the crowd surges forward]"
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"And to you, my friend. [Utter chaos. The guards are overpowered and trampled on. The shoppers break into the stores, destroying windows and looting. One man dies impaled on a broken window. A lot of adults grab ""Stop Touching Me Elmo""s]"
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 12,"Grab it Rebecca! Grab it [has her girl stretching out to grab an Elmo from the top shelf. Another woman comes up behind her and hits her with a bat, knocking the Elmo out of the girl's hands. The second woman is herself thrown into a shelf by a man.]"
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 2,[Morbidly obese shopper throwing people out of her way left and right] Kiss my fat vagina!
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 13,"[combat music starts in imitation of ""Game of Thrones"" credit music as shopper 13 competes with other shoppers to grab items from a cardboard box] Gimme that camera! Give it up! [live-action archived footage from a rush on Cabbage Patch Kids, and more from Walmart and Target]"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,Get back! Get out of my way! [his phone rings and he answers it] Commander Marsh?
Titties and Dragons,Sharon,Did you know that your son is supposed to be grounded and he snuck out to go to Red Robin?!
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"WHAT?? STAN'S IN THE RED ROBIN WEDDING TOO?? OH GOD, I REALLY CARE ABOUT HIM!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Back at Red Robin, Bill Gates finishes off the Sony president with five head smashes into the ground."
Titties and Dragons,Gates,"This... is over... Now... you die! {cracks the president's head open and creates a pool of blood, then throwing him into a wall for good measure. The president's brain is exposed. Tired and breathless, Gates walks over to a table and leans on it a little] It's over. Xbox... wins! [no one is happy about this.]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[flatly] Yay, XBox wins."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,[flatly] Yay.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"[unlocks the doors and opens them] Stan! You're alive! I saved you! [falls on to his knees] It's okay, Beyoncé! The fight's over! You can still shop! [falls over, exhausted]"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,"Go on, kids. [gasps] Go get your XBoxes. [the kids silently leave Red Robin. Music changes to a solo piano playing ""Oh Christmas Tree"" in imitation of ""A Charlie Brown Christmas"". Eleven of them walk through the mall, through a sea of bodies and blood, and up to the second floor on an escalator]"
Titties and Dragons,Elmo,[on an adjacent escalator] Can Elmo smell your genitals? [the boys walk over to EVGames]
Titties and Dragons,EVGames clerk,"[unscathed, despite the destruction to his shop] Happy holidays, guys. What can I interest ya in? [the shelf behind him, full of PS4s and XB1s, is surprisingly unscathed]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,We'd like to get XBox Ones please.
Titties and Dragons,EVGames clerk,Good choice! [gives the boys a thumbs up]
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Channel 9 news report set in front of parking lot full of dead shoppers. ""A Charlie Brown Christmas"" piano music still underscores."
Titties and Dragons,Randy,[Silently carries a flat panel television past the mass of dead bodies.]
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Tom, the shopping frenzy is over, and it looks like Microsoft's new XBox One is this year's hot item. No doubt this will secure its place as the go-to next-gen console. Black Friday is over. There's been death, violence, horrible human behavior... and the big winner here, decidedly, is Channel 9 News."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, afternoon. The eleven who went to EVGames - Timmy, Tweek, Craig, Clyde, Kenny, Token, Kyle, Butters, Jimmy, Cartman, Stan - and Scott are in the living room. Cartman and Stan are playing while the others are behind them, watching."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"The interface is pretty cool. See, I told you guys, it's really a... it's a seamless interface."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Yes, it is."
Titties and Dragons,Butters,The graphics are definitely like 10% better than the old XBox.
Titties and Dragons,Jimmy,Yeah that's that's that's pretty nice. [the game falls silent]
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,You guys wanna p-play outside or something? [the boys glance around at each other. Soon the sliding door opens and the boys walk out onto the back yard]
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Cartman? Your side won, dude. Why are you so sad?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,I just... I can't get the image of Bill Gates... bashing that guy's head apart out of my eyes.
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Yeah, I know what you mean. Well look, guys, XBox won the console wars, I mean, what are we gonna do? Not play video games?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"The last two weeks we've been too busy to play video games and, look at what we did. There's been drama, action, romance... I mean honestly you guys, do we need video games to play?"
Titties and Dragons,The boys,"Yeah, you're right. You make a point."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Maybe we started to rely on Microsoft and Sony so much that we forgot that all we need to play are the simplest things. Like, like this. [grabs a stick from the ground] We could just play with this. Screw video games, dude! Who fuckin' needs them?!"
Titties and Dragons,The boys,Yeah!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,[holds the stick up high in the sun] Fuck 'em!
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Quick commercial. A box for The Stick of Truth appears onscreen
Titties and Dragons,Announcer,"The South Park video game, coming to stores soon!"
Titties and Dragons,Butters,"[pops up onscreen] Yeah, and if you believe that I've got a big floppy wiener to dangle in your face!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. The cheerleaders are at practice"
The Hobbit,Cheerleaders,"Yeah, yeah, do we rock?! Yeah, yeah, take it to the top! Yeah, yeah, are we gonna stop?! No way! No way!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Cheer Squad roll call! [each cheerleader steps forward, announces her name, and steps back]"
The Hobbit,Heidi,Heidi!
The Hobbit,Nichole,Nichole!
The Hobbit,Bebe,Bebe!
The Hobbit,Lola,Lola!
The Hobbit,Red,Red!
The Hobbit,Annie,Annie!
The Hobbit,Lisa,[slowly steps forward and speaks slowly] Lisa Berger. [this brings down the other cheerleaders]
The Hobbit,Annie,Oh God.
The Hobbit,Red,Here we go.
The Hobbit,Nichole,Ugh.
The Hobbit,Bebe,Can we maybe try one without Lisa Berger?
The Hobbit,Wendy,"You guys, stop it! Okay, Lisa, that's great. But you need to have more confidence, okay?"
The Hobbit,Lisa,But I'm the fat one.
The Hobbit,Wendy,What?
The Hobbit,Lisa,Every cheerleading squad has a fat ugly cheerleader and that's me.
The Hobbit,Wendy,"See, that's the problem, Lisa. You have a bad self-image. Just project all your sassiness to all the boys out there, okay?"
The Hobbit,Heidi,There's only one boy that Lisa cares about.
The Hobbit,Red,"Yeah, Lisa has a crush on Butters."
The Hobbit,Lisa,Shut up!
The Hobbit,Wendy,"But, Lisa, that's great! Have you told Butters that you like him?"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"No way. I, I'd just get made fun of."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Lisa, this is exactly what you need! Take Butters to see a movie or something! It'll do wonders for your confidence!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"The cafeteria, later. Kenny, Cartman, Tweek, Craig, Clyde, and Butters are seated at table, with Butters recounting something"
The Hobbit,Butters,"So then, ah, the fella with the mustache eats all the cupcakes, and the lady takes out a gun and puts it in his face and she says ""I""-"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"Uh, excuse me. Butters?"
The Hobbit,Butters,"[confused for a moment, then looks over his left shoulder] Oh. Yes?"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"Um, well, I was just wondering if... [strokes her hair] maybe... [brings her arm down] you would like to go to a movie this weekend."
The Hobbit,Butters,"Oh. Oh like a date? Oh no thanks, Lisa. I really appreciate the offer, but you're too fat for me."
The Hobbit,Lisa,"[casts her eyes down] Okay, thanks."
The Hobbit,Butters,"See ya, Lisa! [Esther overhears the conversation from the next table and looks over her shoulder at Butters]"
The Hobbit,Craig,"Haha, Butters got asked out by a fat girl."
The Hobbit,Clyde,"At least she didn't try to sit on him. [the other boys at the table laugh, except Cartman]"
The Hobbit,Cartman,"You guys, come on. That's not kewl. You shouldn't rip on her because she's fat. You should rip on her 'cause she's ugly. Okay? She looks like someone hit her in the face with a hot shovel, and that's why she sucks, alright?"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"The hallway, later. Butters is at his locker"
The Hobbit,Butters,"Camptown ladies sing this song, doo-da, doo-da. [Wendy comes to view at the end of the hall and spots him, then walks up to him] Camptown racetrack's five miles long Oh, de doo-da day. Oh-"
The Hobbit,Wendy,[grabs his locker door and slams it shut] What the fuck is your problem?!
The Hobbit,Butters,"Oh. Hey, Wendy."
The Hobbit,Wendy,Are you just an asshole?! Is that it?!
The Hobbit,Butters,Am I just an asshole?
The Hobbit,Wendy,Yeah!
The Hobbit,Butters,"Well, m-no. I've got arms and legs; I've got everything."
The Hobbit,Wendy,Lisa Berger asked you out and you called her fat?! Do you have any idea how you made her feel?! She's a really nice girl!
The Hobbit,Butters,"Ah, I think she's a nice girl too. She's just too big for me."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"She's a little overweight, but that's pretty normal for a girl in the fourth grade!"
The Hobbit,Butters,Well Kim Kardashian is skinny and she just had a baby!
The Hobbit,Wendy,What?!
The Hobbit,Butters,"I'm sorry, Wendy, but I have a different standard when it comes to my women. [opens his locker again. On the door are several pinup posters of Kim Kardashian] I want a woman who takes care of herself and knows how to look good, who's got perfect skin and no splotches on her legs, and perfect everything."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"[grabs the poster] This is a fantasy, you moron! You ever heard of Photoshop?! Kim Kardashian is a short, overweight woman who manipulates her image and makes average girls feel horrible about themselves!"
The Hobbit,Butters,You're a liar!
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Look it up, stupid! [crushes the poster into a wad] In real life, Kim Kardashian has the body of a hobbit! [throws the wadded-up poster to the floor and walks away. As Butters reaches for the poster, Wendy turns around] You're gonna be in real trouble when the teachers find out what you said to that poor girl! [turns around and goes around the corner. Butters unwads the poster]"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, later. Butters is in there with Mr. Mackey, crying. Wendy walks in a few seconds later"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, take a seat, Wendy. I guess some mean things were said and I need to get to the bottom of it."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"[noticing Butters] Oh, good. Lisa Berger told on you? Good!"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Uh no, Wendy, apparently, you called Butters' girlfriend a hobbit."
The Hobbit,Wendy,...Are you serious?
The Hobbit,Butters,"You did! You said Kim was short, fat, and hairy with big feet and she's a hobbit!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,That's not his girlfriend! It's Kim Kardashian!
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, but, but, Wendy, Kim Kardashian is considered to be extremely beautiful, mkay?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Right, but she's not in real life. She's a hobbit."
The Hobbit,Butters,"Oh, she said it again!"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Now, Wendy, Kim might be, uh, full-figured, but a woman's outward appearance isn't all that matters, mkay?! Have you stopped to consider that maybe, just maybe, you're jel?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"I'm not ""jel"", and I happen to be the biggest feminist at this school!"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Uh that may be true, but there is a very fine line, Wendy, between being a feminist and being a hater, mkay? And you're gonna have to find that line because nobody likes a girl who's jelly!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Room 7, later. Class is in session. Mr. Garrison stands before the class"
The Hobbit,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, kids, there have been some hurtful and hateful things being said around this school, and so we are gonna hear from a guest speaker. Here to explain why Kim Kardashian is not a hobbit, please welcome, Aquaman. [goes to his desk as Kanye West enters the room. The class claps]"
The Hobbit,Kanye,"Uh-huh. Uh-huh, that's right"
The Hobbit,Cartman,[recognizing him] Uh oh.
The Hobbit,Kanye,"[enunciating] Okay, first of all, I am NOT Aquaman, I am a recovering... gay fish. Yes, I have met Aquaman. I have hung out with Aquaman. But the only thing I have in common with Aquaman anymore is my love for the sea. [adjusting his pants] Now! [clears his throat] There have been malicious rumors, started at this elementary school, that my beautiful fiancée is a hobbit. That is not funny, and it is not true. [Wendy's eyes are glazing over] Alright?! Yes, Kim is heavier than most of her pictures show her to be. Yes, she gets her hair lasered off her body. Yes, she has a friend named Gandalf who happens to be a wizard. [finds himself trapped by that last statement, and backs up] I'm sorry, excuse me a minute. [calls Kim up and turns his back on the class...] Bitch, how are you not a hobbit again? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah right. Right right right right right, yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep. Let me get- okay. Yep, I got it. Okay, love you too. [blows two quick kisses at the phone, hangs up, and turns to the class.] Okay, if my fiancée Kim… is… a hobbit, then how come… it uh how c- then, okay, if she's a hobbit, then how come she don't live in a hole in the ground? BOOOOOOM! All y'all just got lit up, cuz! She don't live in no hole in the ground, she lives in a big-ass mansion, with me, in her room, that is slightly below ground! So, you can… She, she is sexy, and womanly, and she smokes a pipe. She can blow them rings that go up over her head, and… Hold up.[calls Kim up again and turns his back on the class...] Bitch, you not a hobbit, right? ... No, I know, you just, you smoke that long pipe sometimes when you sit by the fire... Oh it's a- Oh, okay. Got it, got it- What do you call it? Yep. Yep, got it. Okay. Yep, love you too. [blows two quick kisses at the phone, hangs up, and turns to the class.] That is not a hobbit pipe, for your information! It is a personal oral humidifier to keep all the wrinkles around her mouth from showin'. So haha, all you haters, HA!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Butters walks down the hall when the computer lab door opens and Wendy peeks out"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Butters. Butters, come here for a sec."
The Hobbit,Butters,"Oh no, you don't, Wendy! You're not trappin' me inside the computer lab to beat me up!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Butters, will you please let me show you something, so we can put this behind us?"
The Hobbit,Butters,"Well, alright, but if you try to punch me, I'll scream! [she goes back inside, and Butters follows her in]"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"I want you to see just how easy this is so we can better understand each other. This is Lisa Berger's class photo, right?"
The Hobbit,Butters,Okay.
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Now, first thing we do is Photoshop the bulges on her sides [she trims them down a bit]. We select the eyes [makes the glasses more rectangular and shorter, and adds eye makeup], make them a nicer shape, take off any blemishes on the skin [the freckles go], lengthen the neck [moves the head up], add more to the hair [gives Lisa longer, wavy hair], select the lips and make them fuller [removes the harelip], take out any puffiness on the skin [reduces the cheeks] here, add fullness to the breasts, lengthen the torso, take away that fold of skin [this gives Lisa hips], streamline the shoulders [making the arms thinner in the process], put highlights in the eyes [gives her a nose], and, there."
The Hobbit,Butters,That's Lisa Berger?
The Hobbit,Wendy,Do you see what I'm talking about?
The Hobbit,Butters,She's pretty!
The Hobbit,Wendy,That's how people like Kim Kardashian destroy the self-mage of little girls everywhere.
The Hobbit,Butters,Hold on. Are you saying that girl wants to go out with me?
The Hobbit,Wendy,What? What do you mean?
The Hobbit,Butters,"And I said no? Oh man, I gotta upload this [sends it off] and then go buy her some flowers and then go tell her I love her. [runs out of the lab]"
The Hobbit,Wendy,Butters!
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, afternoon. Cartman is at his locker. Butters walks into view carrying flowers and a gift."
The Hobbit,Butters,"Lisa? Lisa Berger? Anybody seen Lisa Berger? [walks over to Cartman] Oh hey, Eric. Have you seen Lisa Berger anywhere?"
The Hobbit,Cartman,I saw that picture of her you put on the Internet.
The Hobbit,Butters,"II know! I'm gonna tell her I love her, and we're gonna be together and be happy forever."
The Hobbit,Cartman,"Uh, Butters, I don't know how to tell you this, but Lisa Berger is going out with Clyde."
The Hobbit,Butters,What?! Well since when?
The Hobbit,Cartman,"Dude, since like, noon or 12:30 today. [next shot is of Clyde walking down the hall with Lisa on his arm as he looks at his phone's screen. Everyone turns and stares at the new couple. They stop at Token at his locker]"
The Hobbit,Clyde,"Hey, Token. Token, check out my girlfriend. [shows him the Photoshopped picture instead of the real deal]"
The Hobbit,Token,"Wow, she's hot."
The Hobbit,Clyde,"Yeah, we just started dating seriously. [walks over to Tweek at his locker] You wanna meet my new girlfriend, Tweek?"
The Hobbit,Tweek,"Oh man, you're a lucky guy."
The Hobbit,Clyde,"Yeah, I know. [walks off. Tweek turns back to his locker. The couple walks by Craig, Kevin, and two other boys]"
The Hobbit,Craig,"Hey, Clyde. Nice score, dude."
The Hobbit,Other boys,Yeah.
The Hobbit,Clyde,"Oh, thanks, guys. [they walk by Wendy, who's speechless]"
The Hobbit,Jimmy,"[walks up to Stan] Hey, Stan, did you see Clyde's going out with Lisa B-b-Berger?"
The Hobbit,Stan,"Yeah, dude, she looks amazing. Clyde sent me her pics. [Wendy walks up to them, mad] She got really hot all of a sudden."
The Hobbit,Jimmy,Yeah. I wouldn't mind t-tah-t-tappin' that ass.
The Hobbit,Wendy,Excuse me!
The Hobbit,Stan,"Oh, hey, Wendy. Clyde sent me these. Don't be jel."
The Hobbit,Wendy,Why would I be jel?
The Hobbit,Jimmy,"Well, y-you gotta admit, Lisa Berger is pretty hot, Wendy."
The Hobbit,Wendy,She's not hot! That's supposed to be the point!
The Hobbit,Stan,She looks pretty hot here.
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Lisa Berger is NOT HOT! She's fat and ugly! [just then, Lisa and Clyde walk past her, but she doesn't see this. Jimmy does, though.]"
The Hobbit,Jimmy,"That's not very nice, Wendy."
The Hobbit,Lisa,"What's your problem, Wendy?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"[looks and quickly assesses the situation] I'm sorry. It's nothing personal, Lisa."
The Hobbit,Lisa,You're just a hater. Why don't you mind your own business instead of being jelly?
The Hobbit,Wendy,"I am not jelly! I made that picture of you to prove a point, and it's being taken the wrong way!"
The Hobbit,Clyde,"It's okay, babe. Girls who don't have what you have are always going to put you down. [walks off with Lisa]"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"Thanks, babe."
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office. Wendy is back in there, heh"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Now, Wendy, I've tried to be patient with you 'cause you've always been a good student! M'kay?! But calling a little girl fat and ugly is NEVER m'kay!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Mr. Mackey, I was trying to show kids that-"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"No! No excuses! You have a problem bein' jelly, Wendy! Okay?! Just maybe, I should have you sent off to jelly school!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,Jelly school?
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"That's right! In fact, I'm gonna call the jelly school right now, okay?! [picks up the receiver and starts pressing keys on the keypad] I'm sorry about this, but it's gone too far! I've had it![puts the receiver up to his ear] Hello, is this the jelly school?! ... Okay, I have a girl here who's extremely jelly! Uh, see if you can take her in for a few weeks! Okay, you're full? Okay, yeah, I guess she dodged a bullet this time, but she'd better watch her jelly behavior!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Mr. Mackey, I appreciate the point you're trying to make."
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Yuh, you do? Okay, well I'm not actually on the phone with a... jelly school, Wendy, okay?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Yes, I'm... I'm a few steps ahead of that, yes."
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, well Wendy, I'm just tryin' to uh- Oh, bye, jelly school. [hangs up the phone] Uh, Wendy, I'm just tryin' to make you understand how serious it is when you lash out at other girls."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Thank you, Mr. Mackey, I will... change."
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,M-okay.
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Time Magazine Person Of The Year Award presentation. A man announces the award, a woman holds it up"
The Hobbit,Host,"Ladies and Gentlemen, it my my honor to give the Person of the Year award to this year's winner, Pope Francis. [fanfare plays as the pope comes out from the audience and goes on stage. He takes the mic]"
The Hobbit,Pope Francis,"Gracias, gracias, all of my children."
The Hobbit,Kanye,"[rushes up and takes the mic from the pope] Alright hold up! Hold up! I'm sorry pope, but hold up! I just gotta say this! If my fiancée is a hobbit, then uh, [turns away and calls Kim up]Then what, bitch? Okay, yeah yeah [turns back to the audience] Okay, if she... was... if she is a hobbit, then, how come she don't turn blue when goblins are near? [jumps] Oh, you didn't think of that! Oh, I guess she's not a hobbit then! She must be a beautiful, sexy woman!"
The Hobbit,Pope Francis,"[grabs the mic for a moment and enunciates] The hobbit doesn't turn blue around goblins, just his sword does."
The Hobbit,Kanye,"Man, get the fuck out of here, you hobbit trivia bitch! [shoves the pope away, and the pope leaves] Who the fuck asked you?! [turns to the audience again] Nobody is talkin' any more shit about my woman! Alright?! She is gorgeous! If she was here, you could all see for yourselves how beautiful she is! But she can't be here because she has a movie comin' out on Friday, directed by Peter Jackson, called The Hobbit! Hold up. [turns away and calls Kim up] Bitch, that movie you got comin' out is called The Hobbit?... Yeah, but it- ... What? It's what? Ohhh yeah. Yup. Yeah, I got it. Yup. Yup. Lemme tell them. Love you too. [blows two quick kisses at the phone, hangs up, and turns to the audience.] Kim is not even in that movie! That movie is just loosely based on her television show, Keepin' Up With The Kardashians, which is a show about short, loud, little people living in a fantasy world! Hold. Up![turns away and calls Kim up] Bitch, if you're the hobbit, you need to let me know right now, 'cause I'm makin' a fool of myself out here!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. The cheerleaders are performing during a game break"
The Hobbit,Cheerleaders:,"Yeah yeah, do we rock?! Yeah yeah, take it to the top! Yeah yeah, are we gonna stop?! No way! No way!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Cheer Squad roll call! [each cheerleader steps forward, announces her name, and steps back]"
The Hobbit,Heidi,Heidi!
The Hobbit,Nichole,Nichole!
The Hobbit,Bebe,Bebe!
The Hobbit,Lola,Lola!
The Hobbit,Red,Red!
The Hobbit,Annie,Annie!
The Hobbit,Lisa,Lisa Berger! [the kids all cheer]
The Hobbit,Wendy,"And I'm your captain, Wendy! [silence. One kindergartner comes out of the bleachers with a picture of Lisa and has Lisa sign it. More cheers, and Lisa waves at the audience]"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, after the game. Wendy is upset that she got no cheers from the audience"
The Hobbit,Red,"Look, Wendy, we are all very happy for Lisa, okay? Nobody here is jelly. But the boys aren't even noticing the rest of us anymore."
The Hobbit,Bebe,All we're asking is that you do for us what you did for Lisa and help with our imperfections.
The Hobbit,Wendy,"I won't do it, you guys! I'm sorry!"
The Hobbit,Heidi,Why?! Don't you care about us?!
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Because it's wrong! If you guys aren't happy with the way you look, then that's your problem! [turns left and walks away]"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"[to the cheerleaders' left] Hey girls. [dressed in a hot outfit] Don't be sad. If you wanna look really hot, like me, you just gotta be willing to sweat. Get down to the gym and work!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Total-Self Image, day, inside. The cheerleaders await instructions from a coach"
The Hobbit,Coach,"Alright girls, we're gonna trim that fat and tone those bodies. Let's do this! You first! [points to Bebe] Get right up there! [gets on a treadmill. The coach quickly moves around the treadmill and begins taking pictures] Alright, now look here. [Bebe quickly figures out what she needs to do and begins posing. Later on...] Come on, burn it off! You got this! [Bebe is shown editing the pictures the coach just took. She puts blush on her cheeks, lipstick on her lips, blonde eyebrows on her eyes, a fuller body of hair... Next, Red edits her picture. She puts on a cute, tiny smile and eye makeup. Annie removes the fat around her torso and augments her breasts, Heidi gives herself a new hairstyle, Nichole gets more tone and a shorter neck, tighter cheeks, straighter hair, eyebrows, a lighter shade of brown, eye makeup, lipstick, a more level head, fuller lips, breasts. Next is Lisa performing in a video, a parody of ""Work Bitch"". Next is a shot of the girls looking at their Photoshopped selves.]"
The Hobbit,Coach,"[to Lola] Look at those thighs! Come on, you've gotta push harder! [Lola removes some fat from her midsection and gives herself a bow on her shirt, then straightens out her head. Even Timmy, who isn't a cheerleader, gets the Photoshop treatment. His wheelchair is removed, he's given proper, working legs, his shirt is lengthened and given a collar, he's given more hair and his eyes are made to look forward, his mouth is fixed and he's given a coat. Red drinks from a water bottle while Lola is sweating from the hard work. All the while, Lisa raps]"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"You wanna? You, you, you wanna? You wanna? You wanna look pretty? You want a boyfriend? You want a nice ass? You better work out, slut! You want nice things? You want boys to give you nice things? You better work out, slut! Now get to work, slut! Party in the cookie trough! Party in the cookie trough! Party in the cookie trough! You better work out, whore!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, day. The boys are gathered on the merry-go-round, looking at pictures of the cheerleaders on Craig's phone."
The Hobbit,The Boys,Wooowww!
The Hobbit,Jimmy,Wow! Wow! She looks great!
The Hobbit,Cartman,"Whoa, look at Bebe! [her picture is shown] I had no idea Bebe was that hot."
The Hobbit,Craig,"Yeah, but did you see Token's girlfriend? [flips through the pictures until he gets to Nichole]"
The Hobbit,The Boys,Wooowww!
The Hobbit,Clyde,"Uh, my bitch is still the hottest, you guys."
The Hobbit,Butters,No way! Go back to Annie Nelson! She's built like a Slim Jim! [Craig flips back to her]
The Hobbit,Kyle,Yeah. Clearly Annie Nelson is the hottest girl at our school. Look at those eyes!
The Hobbit,Cartman,"Did you not see Erica Smith's boobs, Kyle? They're like perfect water balloons."
The Hobbit,Butters,"I do love water balloons. [the boys fall silent and continue viewing the pictures. Stan gets sad and leaves; viewing all those pictures, not one of them of Wendy, disheartened him]"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"The school hallway, moments later. Wendy is at her locker, and Stan approaches"
The Hobbit,Stan,"Hey, Wendy, uh, can I ask you a big favor?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,[curt] What?
The Hobbit,Stan,"A lot of the pictures I have of you are kind of outdated, and um, you know, I wanna be able to show everyone how pretty you are."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"So you want a Photoshopped picture of me to take away any imperfections, is that it?! How DARE you, Stan?!"
The Hobbit,Stan,"Wendy, why is it such a big deal?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,Because people should be okay with the way they look! I have pimples on my forehead! My bottom teeth are crooked! So what?! You have short legs.
The Hobbit,Stan,[looks down] I do? [kids begin to walk by]
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Yeah. [begins to point out other kids' defects] And Jason has freckles, and Billy Turner has narrow shoulders. [The cheerleaders come into view and approach Wendy and Stan. Neither of them notices] The cheerleaders? Bebe has acne. Lola's arms are too short. Nichole's eyes are puffy. Annie has thin hair. [Mr. Mackey walks in on the rant] And Heidi Turner's butt is flat! [Wendy turns to leave, but runs into the cheerleaders and Mr. Mackey] Oh God damn it!"
The Hobbit,Bebe,[furious] You! HATER!
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"[incensed] WENDY, IN MY OFFICE, RIGHT NOW! OKAY?!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,Ugh!
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Kanye West video, a spoof of ""Bound 2"""
The Hobbit,Kanye (backup singers),"(Oh yeah, babe. Oh yeah, baby.) One thing I know, my girl ain't no hobbit. She might be stumpy; that don't mean she a hobbit. She's not a hobbit 'cause she couldn't be. She got no Bagginses in her family tree. Yes on occasion she hangs out with her dwarf friends. But she never went on no quest with her dwarf friends. Except for one time she went to kill that dragon. She took his gold and she- [he stops the video shoot] Hang on a minute, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. [calls up Kim yet again] Bitch, remember when you went off to kill that dragon with them dwarves? ... Yeah. Oh yeah. Rightrightrightright, yup. Yup, I got it. Yep, love you too. [blows two quick kisses at the phone, hangs up, and resumes the shoot.] It wasn't no dragon, so my girl ain't no hobbit. That was a Quizno's and my bitch went to rob it. 'Cause they got that ham that she robs on her cellulite. While she drinking her grog and singin' those merry songs... at night... My girl ain't no hobbit. Please God, tell me I'm not engaged to no hobbit. (Kim is not a hobbit.)"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. The cheerleaders are at practice"
The Hobbit,Cheerleaders,Who are you yelling for? South Park! Let's go Cows! Who are you yelling for? South Park! Let's go Cows!
The Hobbit,Heidi,Heidi!
The Hobbit,Nichole,Nichole!
The Hobbit,Bebe,Bebe!
The Hobbit,Lola,Lola!
The Hobbit,Red,Red!
The Hobbit,Annie,Annie!
The Hobbit,Lisa,Lisa Berger!
The Hobbit,Wendy,[slowly steps forward and speaks softly] Wendy.
The Hobbit,"Nichole, Lola, Annie",Ugh.
The Hobbit,Bebe,You suck!
The Hobbit,Heidi,Oh God.
The Hobbit,"Red, Annie",Ugh.
The Hobbit,Bebe,Can we try this without Wendy?
The Hobbit,Lola,I agree!
The Hobbit,Lisa,"[steps forward] Hey, come on, you guys. She just needs more confidence. [to Wendy] It's okay, Wendy. Who care if no one likes you? Maybe you should go out with Butters."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Let's just get back to cheering, okay?!"
The Hobbit,Heidi,I don't think so! We don't wanna cheer with a hater!
The Hobbit,Bebe,"Yeah! You have a bad self-image, Wendy! You need to go down to the gym and get a better one!"
The Hobbit,Annie,Yeah!
The Hobbit,Lola,Uh huh!
The Hobbit,Red,That's right!
The Hobbit,Wendy,"See, the problem with having fake pictures of yourself is that you start to believe in your own bullshit! This has gone way too far! [leaves] And if society won't fix it, I will!"
The Hobbit,Bebe,What are you gonna do?!
The Hobbit,Wendy,[stops just outside the gym] Something that should have been done a long time ago! [walks away]
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Channel 9 Morning News, with Tom and Tammy Thompson"
The Hobbit,Announcer,"It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson."
The Hobbit,Tammy,A little girl is making big waves with her fight against Photoshop.
The Hobbit,Tom,"Nine-year-old Wendy Testaburger has started a campaign, and tomorrow will speak before the state senate to ban the use of Photoshopped images, saying they're harmful to young girls. [a taped interview is shown.] Young lady, what is your message?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,Watching what Photoshop is doing to society... Little girls are aspiring to have bodies they can't possibly have! We have to put a stop to it.
The Hobbit,Tom,And you're not just... being a hater.
The Hobbit,Wendy,...Nooo.
The Hobbit,Tom,"'Cause sometimes, girls who aren't well-liked, you know, lash out at pretty and popular girls. Are, are you well-liked at your school?"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"[thinks about it] Not lately, no."
The Hobbit,Tom,Uh huh. But you're not being jelly?
The Hobbit,Wendy,NO. That has nothing to do with me wanting to protest against Photoshopped images!
The Hobbit,Tom,"Okay, because I do understand that the jelly school in Aurora is ready to take you in. Is that right, Rick?"
The Hobbit,Rick,"Tom, I'm standing in front of the jelly school, where officials claim they do have room for this little hater girl. We're being told if she doesn't stop the-"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"That's not a jelly school, that's a Dunkin' Donuts!"
The Hobbit,Rick,"[looks over his left shoulder] Well, okay, but, you are a hater."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"That's fine! [leaves her seat] People can call me whatever names they want to! I don't care! There is a cancer in our country, and I'm not going to rest until Photoshopped images are required to be labeled for what they are! Fake! And nothing in this world is going to stop me!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"The Testaburger house, Wendy's bedroom, night. Her bedroom door opens and a silhouette of Kanye is at the door. He walks in and closes the door, walks to her night stand and turns on the lamp. Wendy wakes up, looks, and jumps up"
The Hobbit,Wendy,Agh! What do you want?
The Hobbit,Kanye,"[sits on her chair and begins to read a sad story. He sniffs from time to time] Once upon a time, there was a little hobbit who lived in the forest. And all the hobbit ever wanted was to be beautiful. And even though she was short and fat and hairy, this little hobbit dreamed that one day she could be pretty like Beyoncé. [clears his throat] And then one day, along came a magic power, called Photoshop. And just like that, poof, the little hobbit was beautiful. And even though she still couldn't sing like Beyoncé, or dance like Beyoncé, or act like Beyoncé, or be a decent human being like Beyoncé, the little hobbit was looked up to and loved, just like Beyoncé! [takes a tissue from Wendy's tissue box and wipes away his tears with it] Soon she had money, and adoration, and a hip-hop fiancée who loved her very much- [turns away, getting choked up] I'm sorry, hold up. Hold up, I'm sorry. [returns to reading] Everything was good for the hobbit. But then this mean little girl, called the Jelly Monster, she was sooo jelly of the hobbit that she told everyone she was a liar, and the hobbit's fiancée realized she was just a hobbit. And you know what he said? He said ""I don't CARE!"" And then the jelly monster came and tried to take the magic power away from the little hobbit, so the hobbit prayed to God, and God said ""Don't worry, little hobbit. I will go find this jelly monster girl, and I will read her a story and melt her icy heart."" And the hobbit said ""Thank you,"" and the hobbit and God lived happily ever after in the shower forever 'cause I love her so much! [breaks down and cries] I'm sorry, hold up. Hold up. Hold up. I'm sorry."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Ah, ah I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I have been jelly."
The Hobbit,Kanye,"[still a wreck] Sorry, hold up, I'm sorry, it's okay. Hold up, hold on, I'm sorry."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"No no, I've been a hater, and I really am sorry."
The Hobbit,Kanye,"Sorry, sorry, that's okay. I've been jelly before too. I'm sorry."
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. As kids pass each other in the hall, Wendy is in the computer lab looking at her picture. She begins to edit it, First she gives her hair a new style, then lifts her beret an inch or two, and shrinks her head. She makes more changes and tears begin to well up in her eyes. She now has hips, breasts, lipstick, blush, eyebrows and eyelashes. She's done, and clicks the Send button, which brings up a confirmation box which asks ""Mass Email File 'My Pic'?"". She moves the cursor to ""Yes"". The mouse doesn't move after that, and she clicks on ""Yes"". She wipes away her tears, pushes herself away from the computer, and leaves the computer lab."
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,"South Park, outside. The rising sun beats brightly on the town. Bouncy music plays as the boys' houses are visited. ] Cartman's room. He's awake, staring at the ceiling, thinking."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,Boner balls. Boner balls-boner... Boner forest. Dense... boner forest.
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,"Stan's kitchen. Stan is at the breakfast nook eating Astro Pops in milk, and he too is thinking."
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,Pungent crotch sweat. Pungent milk- milky crotch spooge.
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,"The bus stop. Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny await the bus."
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,Barking vaginal belch.
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,Protruding vaginal boner.
Go Fund Yourself,Kenny,(Dilapidated titties incorporated.)
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Oh, I like that. [the bus rolls up and the boys get on board]"
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,Inside the bus.
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,[pops up out of his seat and looks behind it] Rotten boobie turds!
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,Nah.
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,Bloody butt cough.
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,[passively] Uh huh.
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,A Law Office. Stan reads possible site names from a list he compiled from his friends' suggestions to a live domain name registrar.
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,Angry Clit Spasm
Go Fund Yourself,Registrar,"[types the name into a who is and waits for results] Nope, sorry."
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,Whooping Fart Balls.
Go Fund Yourself,Registrar,Nnnnnope.
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,Lubricated Titty Burgers.
Go Fund Yourself,Registrar,That's taken too.
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,[frustrated] Indifferent Rectal Semen Splooge!
Go Fund Yourself,Registrar,Sorry.
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,Indifferent Rectal Semen Splooge is taken too?! Come! On!
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,How are we supposed to name our startup company if every name is already taken?!
Go Fund Yourself,Registrar,"I told you, you just have to be really original with with your company name. There's a lot of startup company these days. [the boys look at each other]"
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly On The Table, Incorporated!"
Go Fund Yourself,Registrar,That's available! Congratulations!
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,"The Kickstarter Web site. A new project appears on it: ""Furry Balls Plopped Menacingly on the Table, INC."""
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,"Stan's room. There should be five boys there, but Cartman is missing."
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,It... doesn't... quite roll off the tongue.
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,"Dude, we're not gonna get any attention with that name."
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,Man this sucks!
Go Fund Yourself,Randy,"[opens the door and peeks in] Uhhh, Stan? Aren't you supposed to be in school?"
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,"No. Dad, we don't need school anymore. We're forming a startup company."
Go Fund Yourself,Randy,A startup company? A company that does what?
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,"No, we don't wanna do anything."
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,"Yeah, that's why we wanna have a startup company."
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,"Yeah, we're sick of school! But all the good attention-getting startup names are taken."
Go Fund Yourself,Randy,"Wuhuhull, boys, there's more to starting a company than having a catchy name."
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,"...Nnnno, there isn't. [turns back to his computer and fleshes out the project]"
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, day. Cartman runs down the sidewalk"
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"You guys! You guys, it's awesome! Holy shit you guys! [runs up to Stan's door and enters the house. He runs into Stan's room] You guys, I've got it!"
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,What?
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,It's the greatest startup company name EVER! [Kyle and Stan move in closer to Cartman]
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,What?! Tell us!
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,Washington. Redskins. [Kyle and Stan look at each other]
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,Washington Redskins?
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,It's sooo sweet!
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,"I'm pretty sure that's taken, Cartman."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"It's not, dude! Some dumb court-thingy, and the trademark got pulled! You can use it! Aaand the logo!"
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,[lowers his head and strokes his chin] Washington Redskins. [raises his head] I like it!
Go Fund Yourself,Kenny,(Me too!)
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,What?!
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,Dude! There's already brand name awareness and it's instantly recognizable!
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,"Wait. Guys, this, this doesn't seem legal."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Kyle, you're not hearing me! The trademark has been pulled! We can do whatever we want!"
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,And so the boys get busy setting up a Washington Redskins office in town. Stan and Cartman put up a Redskins banner behind the desk. Kenny decorates the front of the desk. Stan finishes his part of the work and climbs down.
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,[walks up to Kyle] You alright dude?
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,"Yeah, I just... well I just thought our company name would be more like uh... or-original"
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"[climbs down the ladder and joins Stan and Kyle] It's a strong name, dude. It's like aggressive and masculine like Boner Forest, but Boner Forest was taken."
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,"Yeah, but maybe we need a name that's more affirming, like, shows what we stand for."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"We don't stand for anything. Remember our company plan, guys! [walks up to an easel with a 4 Point Plan on it] Start up, cash in, sell out, bro down."
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,I'm just not sure this is the name people are gonna give money to.
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,[at the computer] We already got a dollar!
Go Fund Yourself,Stan,What?! [Cartman walks up to Butters]
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,One dollar pledge!
Go Fund Yourself,Kenny,(Yahoo!) [begins to dance]
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"I told you guys! ""Washington Redskins"" totally gets people's attention!"
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,Another two dollars!
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,No way!
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Sittin' on our asses, here we come!"
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,News 4 Update
Go Fund Yourself,News 4 anchor,"Another new startup company is gaining a lot of attention on the Internet. They're a company that does absolutely nothing, and they're called, the Washington Redskins. [the page loads and someone is scrolling through it] The Redskins started as what appeared to be some kind of adolescent prank, but almost overnight it has become one of the most heavily funded projects on Kickstarter. [scroll over, next is a teen boy] Why did you give five dollars to the Washington Redskins Kickstarter?"
Go Fund Yourself,Teen boy,"I dunno, I just. Uh. They don't do anything, that's pretty sweet. I dunno, I thought it was funny."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"[on a video on the Kickstarter site] By pledging just one or two dollars, you are helping us in our fervent quest to not have to do stuff. If you pledge $10 or more, you will receive this luxurious company micro badge."
Go Fund Yourself,News 4 anchor,"It's called crowd-funding, using the Internet to raise money without having to pay back your investors, a tactic that some believe is unfair and impersonal."
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,The new Redskins office. Cartman takes a call
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Washington Redskins. Go fuck yourself. [Butters walks across the room] Sure, we'd be happy to take your money. Yup. Go to our Kickstarter page. Okay, nice, idiot. Uh huh, fuck you, bye bye."
Go Fund Yourself,Businessman,[walks in with two other men] You are Eric Cartman?
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Yes, I know."
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,My name is Dan Snyder. I'm the president and owner of the Washington Redskins
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Oh, cool. Please take a seat."
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,"Thank you, but I will stand."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Nice, I like that."
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,"Young man, we ask that you please stop using the name Washington Redskins for your organization."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,Stop? But why?
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,"Because we are the Washington Redskins, and we are a football team! You have NO right to use our name to get attention!"
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Uhhh, the trademark got pulled so I'm totaly free to use the name, actually. [phone rings, Eric reacts] Um, Butters, could you get that?"
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,"[next to the phone, answers it. Stan is on his iPhone] Washington Redskins. Go fuck yourself."
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,"Look! Don't you see that when you call your organization ""The Washington Redskins"", its offensive to us?"
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,How is it offensive?
Go Fund Yourself,Coach,"How is it offensive?! Jesus, what-?!"
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,"We are a proud team, Mr. Cartman! We have no wish to be associated with people who actively do nothing!"
Go Fund Yourself,Coach,Makes us feel like a joke
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Guys, guys! We have total respect for you! When we name our company ""Washington Redskins,"" it was out of deep appreciation for your team and your people. [grins, knowing that's not the reason.]"
Go Fund Yourself,Dan Snyder,"Uh, I know I can't legally make you stop using our name, but, but won't you just do it out of decency?"
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Mmmm, noooo, Because I don't want to. Aaaand we can't just change the name of our company 'cause it's like super hard. But hey, from one Redskin to another, go fuck yourself. [the men, dejected, turn and walk out the door]"
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,A Redskins jet in the sky. Snyder sits alone in it
Go Fund Yourself,Robin Meade,"All around the world, people are saying they are inspired by the Washington Redskins. The Internet startup company has raised so much money in Kickstarter that now, more groups are doing the same."
Go Fund Yourself,Reporter,[a reporter speaks as Snyder looks over hit masses pool] More news on the Washington Redskins tonight. Their defiant. F-You attitude has now caught the attention of the terrorist group ISIS. The terrorists said they admire the Washington Redskins and want to try it and follow their business model.
Go Fund Yourself,A caller,"[a newspaper falls out of a car, and Snyder picks it up and reads it] Well, let's not forget, Marsha that there's a people here, okay, who are not happy about the use of the name, the Football Washington Redskins!"
Go Fund Yourself,Woman,"Well yeah, but does anyone really care about them? [he turns to the camera and sheds a tear, in the manner of Indian Eyes Cody (Espera Oscar de Corti)]"
Go Fund Yourself,Scene Description,Back at Washington Redskins headquarters...
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Dude, this is sooo cool! We only have six days to go before all the money pledged to our company becomes liquid!"
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,"[enters with Stan] Guys, we need to talk to you. I really don't think we wanna be a company that ISIS looks up to. We should maybe issue a statement saying that we don't sanction them."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Oh no. No, you guys. We started this company to do nothing. If we start doing stuff now, it'll put it all at risk!"
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,People aren't gonna support our company if we dig in our heels and say we don't care about anything!
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Digging in our heels and pissing on public opinion us what the Washington Redskins are all about! [pounds the desk a couple of times.] Now come on, guys! If you wanna be a successful business, then you have to be honest about what you are! [pound] Once you take a stand on something, you're pretending like your company is about more than money. Then all of a sudden you're the NFL and and your players get caught molesting little boys!"
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,That's the Catholic Church!
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"NFL, Catholic Church, same thing! Okay, let's use the Catholic Church! You take a moral stand on issues, you say you're about honor and integrity, and the next thing you know, your clergymen are getting caught beating up their wives in an elevator!"
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,That's the NFL!
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"It's the same thing, Kyle! The point is, if we as an organization claim to be about high morality, somebody is eventually going to get raped or beaten in an elevator and it's most likely going to be Butters."
Go Fund Yourself,Butters,[gasps] Oh no!
Go Fund Yourself,Kyle,"All right, I really don't want to have to do this, but... I'm not happy with the direction this company is taking."
Go Fund Yourself,Cartman,"Well, what are you gonna do? Go back to school? I'm not going back there, man!"
