Cartman Sucks,Director,"Oh Lord in Heaven! Don't jump, Bradley!"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,Stay-stay back! I'm an abomination of God!
Cartman Sucks,Director,"No no, we're fixing you!"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. Cartman marches towards class with a slide projector. He turns left and enters the classroom"
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,Mrs. Garrison's class. Cartman approaches Kyle
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"Guess you think today is your big day, huh Kyle? To embarrass me in front of everyone? [Kyle turns around and Cartman is in his face. Cartman softly says] Well guess what? I'm not giving you the satisfaction!"
Cartman Sucks,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay students, let's all take our seats. Since it is Monday, we'll start as always with Show And Tell. [writes the words on the board] Who'd like to go first? [Cartman holds down Kyle's arm while raising his own and grunts]"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,"Ow! Quit it, dude!"
Cartman Sucks,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay Eric, Jesus, calm down. You can go first."
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"HA! [gets up and goes to the board, pulls down the projector screen and clears his throat.] For Show And Tell today, I would like to share with you some very special, very artsy photographs I've taken in pursuit of being a respected photographer. [clicks the projector on, and the class lights dim] This first picture I like to call ""Moods of Winter"" [a shot of snow-covered barren trees], a simple aspen grove shot in high-contrast black and white shows the brittleness of the trunks and reminds one... of death. This picture I took just as the sun was rising and this lonely man was walking to work. A statement about... all of our loneliness, perhaps?"
Cartman Sucks,Kyle,[to Stan] He isn't actually going to show everyone...
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,And now this next picture [clears his throat. Quick cut to]
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,"The bridge near camp, day. Bradley is still hanging on."
Cartman Sucks,Director,"Don't jump, Bradley! You will only make god angrier with you!"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,It's too late.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"[approaches the bridge] Bradley, please. You're my accountabilibuddy. How will this make me look?"
Cartman Sucks,Director,You get back. You're only gonna make things worse.
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,I'm not normal. I'll never be normal!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"You're perfectly normal, Bradley."
Cartman Sucks,Director,Get back! You're just as confused as he is!
Cartman Sucks,Butters,[gets angry] All right. All right that does it! [turns around and faces the crowd] I am sick and tired of everyone telling me I'm confused! I wasn't confused until other people started tellin' me I was! [Bradley listens] You know what I think? I think maybe you are the ones who are confused!
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,Yeah.
Cartman Sucks,Butters,"I'm not gonna be confused anymore just because you say I should be! My name is Butters, I'm eight years old, I'm blood type O, and I'm bi-curious! And even that's okay! Because if I'm bi-curious, and I'm somehow made from God, then I think your God must be a little bi-curious himself! [Bradley thinks about this]"
Cartman Sucks,Bradley,I think. I think I'd like to come down now.
Cartman Sucks,Director,He's coming down! [everyone begins to chatter] We did it! [stops by Bradley as Bradley climbs back onto the bridge's road] Through the power of Christ we have saved this child!
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,"Well Butters, I guess we might as well go home. Looks like you're never gonna change."
Cartman Sucks,Butters,No. I like bein' bi-curious.
Cartman Sucks,Stephen,Well you know somethin'? So do I. [they both have a good laugh about it]
Cartman Sucks,Butters,Wait. Now I am confused.
Cartman Sucks,Scene Description,Mrs. Garrison's class. Cartman continues his presentation
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,And this photograph I took of a sunset near the power plant. Note how the contrasting images make a statement about our impact on the Earth. Which brings us to my last picture. Ahem. This picture you may find somewhat... controversial. [everyone gasps]
Cartman Sucks,Bebe,Eww!
Cartman Sucks,Clyde,[long pause] Dude.
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,Yes. This is shot at a 5.6 aperture using a low-light filter. You can see the grain from the high-speed film - there's sort of a- penis in my mouth right here - and the low depth of field keeps the background soft.
Cartman Sucks,Mrs. Garrison,"Eric, what the hell is this?!"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,"What this is, is a statement against the war in Iraq. It's wrong that we still have our troops there. It's wrong! And what I think that-"
Cartman Sucks,Mr. Mackey,"[at the door] Uh, Eric Cartman? We got an emergency message from your mother? [reads the message] ""Do not show picture. Kyle didn't have it after all. Found it under your desk."" She said you'd know what that means, m'kay? [walks away. Cartman stands there looking at the door, then at the class. Kyle has a look of pity for Cartman on his face and blinks]"
Cartman Sucks,Cartman,[longer pause] ...Lame.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. The bell rings and the fourth graders take their seats. Mrs. Garrison enters with her books and sets them on her desk."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"All right, students, let's take our seats. Apparently we have a little problem here at the school which we need to talk about."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Ah yes. You mean the Jew problem. [points to Kyle, but blocks Kyle's view of his left hand with his right.] Good, good! I'm glad we're finally gonna do something about it."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"No, I mean the problem of head lice. [a shot of the class] There's been a lice breakout at a school in Denver, and we need to make sure nobody spreads it here."
Lice Capades,Bebe,Somebody might have lice?
Lice Capades,Class,Ewww!
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,So today you're all going to the gymnasium to have your scalps examined.
Lice Capades,Cartman,Uh th-that is completely unnecessary. Everyone knows that only poor people can get lice. The only person that can spread it here is Kenny.
Lice Capades,Kenny,(What? Fuck you!)
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"I'm sure this class is clean, but we're gonna be examined so that if anyone has the lice, we can stop it before it spreads. [the camera zooms in on Clyde, then on his hair...] Lice can live in anybody's hair. [...until the hair resembles a forest, with tiny houses built upon the individual hairs and a colony of lice walking around on the scalp below.]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The camera follows one louse as he walks through this forest.
Lice Capades,Male Louse,"[approaching a female louse with a growing louse egg resting in a nest built on a shaft] Hello, Kelly. How's my baby?"
Lice Capades,Kelly,[sassily] You mean me or the little one?
Lice Capades,Male Louse,I mean both.
Lice Capades,Kelly,"Well, besides a little loneliness waiting for Daddy to come home, I guess we're both okay."
Lice Capades,Male Louse,[holds onto one of the female's pincers] How did a louse like me get so lucky to have a louse like you?
Lice Capades,Kelly,"Luck had nothing to do with it, Travis. [a group of lice tug on a hair nearby and pull it down. Travis and Kelly look on. He lets go and walks towards the fallen hair] You okay?"
Lice Capades,Travis,Sometimes... I just worry what kind of world our baby is gonna grow up in. [turns around] I need to run up to the forest and do another sediment analysis. I'm worried we might be overworking the tertiary layer. [turns away and walks off]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"The gymnasium, later. The classes are lined up by grade level, with various screeners waiting at the heads of the lines."
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"All students, make sure you're in line according to your grade. When you reach the front of the line you will go behind the curtain and remove any hats to be checked. [The first students go behind the curtains. Craig takes off his hat and does the same]"
Lice Capades,Butters,"Boy, I sure hope they don't find lice in my hair."
Lice Capades,Stan,[looks to Kyle] What do you think happens if you do have it?
Lice Capades,Cartman,"[answering] They drag you out of here, put you in this big containment facility, where they stick a cold metal pipe up your ass with this clear jelly, and then they shock your balls. [Butters gasps]"
Lice Capades,Craig,[leaves the curtain and puts on his hat] I'm clean! I knew I didn't have any stupid lice! [walks past the rest of the class]
Lice Capades,Cartman,This is ridiculous. All this just so they can send Kenny and his stupid head lice home.
Lice Capades,Kenny,(Hey! Fuck off!) [The screener waves Clyde forward and Clyde steps behind the curtain]
Lice Capades,Lead screener,Have a seat on the stool. [Clyde goes to the stool]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp. The camera tracks Travis as he moves through the forest, but the scalp begins to shake and he stops. He turns around to see the hair part and a huge human eye pop up. The eye blinks, then he blinks, then the eye blinks again. Travis backs up a bit, then turns to run."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Behind the curtain. The screener has spotted the lice.
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"Uh oh, looks like you've got 'em."
Lice Capades,Clyde,What?
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"You have lice. Let's see... Clyde Harris, is it?"
Lice Capades,Clyde,Oh my God. Oh Christ no!
Lice Capades,Lead screener,"[writes a note and gives it to him] Now now, it's all right. We're going to call your parents and get you to your doctor."
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Please, ya-you don't understand. The other kids are gonna make fun of me forever!"
Lice Capades,Lead screener,I'm sure your friends aren't that cruel.
Lice Capades,Clyde,Yes they are!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp. A group of lice surround the stump left from the fallen hair, including some older lice."
Lice Capades,Travis,"[approaching the group] Mr. President! Mr. President! I believe we have a serious problem! [the other lice look at him] The environment... is changing. I believe it is somehow, reacting to our presence on it."
Lice Capades,President,And what do you base this on?
Lice Capades,Travis,"[walks up to a hair and draws a human head on it] Look, this is the world, right? But now, think of the world as... a living being. [the other lice look surprised] If it were somehow conscious, then it would ultimately become aware of our effect on it."
Lice Capades,Older Louse,"Huh right, the world is conscious. It makes perfect sense. [kneels and knocks on the scalp several times] Hello. Anybody? [the other lice begin to laugh.]"
Lice Capades,Travis,"If we have made too much of an impact, then that consciousness would try to snuff us out! I think we're looking at a global catastrophe, the likes of which we've never seen!"
Lice Capades,Older Louse,Poodiggery and poppycock!
Lice Capades,Travis,"I think we need to put all resources now into a full investigation, perhaps even begin a licewide evacuation."
Lice Capades,Older Louse,Evacuation?! Tomorrow is the Gootack Festival. Do you know how much money we would lose? Escort Mr. Mayfield out. The President can't be bothered any further.
Lice Capades,Travis,[as security escorts him away] Damn you Vice President Craig! You could be killin' us all!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"A waiting room. Clyde and his mom sit with a man reading a magazine, and a girl with her mother. Clyde looks around"
Lice Capades,Clyde,This is so... embarrassing.
Lice Capades,Girl,I have an ear infection. What are you seeing the doctor for?
Lice Capades,Clyde,"I have... I have AIDS. [his mother looks at him, astonished]"
Lice Capades,Nurse,Clyde Harris? [Clyde goes in to see the doctor.]
Lice Capades,Doctor,"[writing out a prescription] Yeeaahh, that's a pretty bad lice problem there. Good thing they pulled you out of school."
Lice Capades,Clyde,"[desperate] But why me, doctor? Why me?! How did I get this?!"
Lice Capades,Doctor,"[walks up to Clyde] Well, believe it or not, some lice can actually attach themselves to flies, and then wait for the fly to land on someone's head where they can reproduce. And then the lice that live in your head now were probably all born there."
Lice Capades,Clyde,...Sick!
Lice Capades,Doctor,"This shampoo should take care of it. [hands him a bottle] Use this in the shower. Your scalp may burn a bit afterwards, but... it should kill... every last one of them."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp. The lice go about their business, climbing up and down the hairs. Travis takes a break on a hair stump."
Lice Capades,Kelly,Travis? Everything okay?
Lice Capades,Travis,"Kelly, I was just thinkin' about our baby. I want to name her... Hope."
Lice Capades,Kelly,Hope?
Lice Capades,Travis,Hope for a... chance at tomorrow? [water begins to drop down from on high]
Lice Capades,Louse 1,It's raining? Now? [Other lice stop and notice. Turns out Clyde is taking a shower.]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's shower. He rinses himself off and then picks up the shampoo he was given: RID-X. KILLS INSTANTLY LICE & THEIR EGGS.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The rain continues and the lice get used to it.
Lice Capades,Louse 2,[starts dancing] Woohoo! I love the rain! [other lice join in the play. Travis doesn't have a good feeling about this]
Lice Capades,Travis,Oh my God. [runs to Kelly and their egg] We have to get out of here!
Lice Capades,Kelly,"What it, it's just rain."
Lice Capades,Travis,"We have to get out of here now, Kelly! [grabs the egg and runs off with Kelly. Other lice continue dancing in the rain while still others watch. One or two look around and notice a green liquid spreading over the scalp.]"
Lice Capades,Louse 3,"What is that? [walks up to the leading edge, reaches down and grabs a gob of it. The liquid quickly eats through his pincer and he screams in pain. The leading edge of the liquid moves past him and leaves him trapped in the liquid, which eats at him some more]"
Lice Capades,Lice,"Whoa! [the liquid finally finishes him off. The other lice see the leading edge of the liquid get closer to them, and they run] Ruuun! [some of them get overtaken by the liquid, which is now moving quickly over the scalp. The camera follows them until it finds Travis]"
Lice Capades,Travis,"Everyone get up into the trees! We have to get up high! Come on, Kelly! [the lice that can, climb up the hairs while the others get swept up by the RID-X and killed]"
Lice Capades,Kelly,"My God, Travis, they're all dying!"
Lice Capades,Travis,"Don't look, Kelly! Don't look!"
Lice Capades,Louse 4,What the hell is it?!
Lice Capades,Louse 5,"Well it's okay, we're safe up here! [the hairs begin to sway back and forth as a strong wind begins to blow]"
Lice Capades,Travis,I don't think so! [lice begin to be pushed off the hairs]
Lice Capades,Louse 4,[blown away] OoOhOOOoooh!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's bathroom. He's standing on a stool before the mirror blowing his hair dry.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The wind keeps blowing lice off hair. Travis hangs on tight to the hair and to Kelly.
Lice Capades,Kelly,Travis!
Lice Capades,Travis,Kelly! Hang on!
Lice Capades,Kelly,I can't... hang on!
Lice Capades,Travis,"You have to! For the baby! [Kelly's grip loosens. She tightens it, but the wind rips her from the pincer she was holding on with]"
Lice Capades,Kelly,Nooooooooooo!
Lice Capades,Travis,"Kellllllyyyyy! No! Noooo! [he's left alone on the hair with the egg, Hope]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's bathroom. He's done drying his hair and sets the hair dryer aside, steps off the stool, turns off the light, and leaves."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mrs. Garrison's class. She's just come in with her books."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, kids, today we're going to review some Civil War history. Who can tell me what year the war started?"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Waiwaiwait, whoa whoa, so what happened?"
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,With what?
Lice Capades,Craig,"With the lice exam. Did they find anybody with lice? [Clyde looks apprehensive, and Mrs. Garrison notices]"
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"Y-yes, some lice was discovered and the proper action has been taken."
Lice Capades,Stan,Somebody in this class?
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"Uh, yes."
Lice Capades,Class,Ohhhhh.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Well who was it? [points to Kenny] It was Kenny, right?"
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"That doesn't matter, it's over."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Doesn't matter?! If somebody had parasites in their hair, we need to know who! [points to Kenny again] It was Kenny, wasn't it?"
Lice Capades,Red,"I wanna know who it was, too."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"It's being kept confidential! There's a policy in the schools not to single out a kid who has lice, because of the embarrassment it can cause, okay?!"
Lice Capades,Cartman,[pounds on his desk] That is bullcrap! You are denying our rights as children to totally rip on that kid and make him or her feel like an outcast!
Lice Capades,Class,Yeah!
Lice Capades,Bebe,And we have a right to know which boy had lice in his hair so we don't ever go out with them!
Lice Capades,Craig,How do we know it was a boy? It could just have easily been one of you stupid girls!
Lice Capades,Butters,Yeah! Dumb girls!
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"The case is closed! Whoever had the lice, they're dead now! We're moving on to Civil War history. [the camera zooms in on Clyde again] Ulysses S. Grant-"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the aftermath. Travis is asleep on the scalp, battered and bruised from the wind. He coughs himself awake and finds the egg with him, intact"
Lice Capades,Travis,"Hope. Hope, you're alive. [he stands up to his full height and surveys the destruction all around him] My God... [a decomposed louse stands up and collapses on him] Heh?!"
Lice Capades,Louse 6,Help me... Help meeee... [it falls away and dies]
Lice Capades,Louse 7,"Travis. [Travis looks to his right] Over here! Travis, if you hadn't warned us to get up in them trees, we'd all be dead."
Lice Capades,Travis,How many survivors?
Lice Capades,Louse 7,Just the six of us. And the Vice President.
Lice Capades,Travis,"[notices and throws the Vice President up against a hair] You son of a bitch! You had a chance to stop this! So help me, if we live through this, I'm gonna see you rot in prison!"
Lice Capades,Louse 8,What do we do now?
Lice Capades,Travis,[turns and faces the others] We aren't out of this yet! You two look for other survivors. You get whatever food you can and bring it back here. [the lice do as commanded]
Lice Capades,Vice President,[the older louse] Who put you in charge?!
Lice Capades,Travis,[turns around] God did! When he killed my wife! [turns back and walks away]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. The fourth graders leave the classroom."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, the person who had head lice needs to speak up right now, so that we know to stay away from you! [Opposite Cartman are Jimmy, Tweek, Clyde, Anne, Bebe, Red. and two other kids. With Cartman are Craig, Token, Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Kevin, Butters, and Wendy]"
Lice Capades,Craig,"Yeah, come on! We're gonna find out sooner or later."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Okay, whoever you are, you are now not only a licehead, you're a liar! You're only making this worse on yourself!"
Lice Capades,Kyle,You know what? I'll bet it was you!
Lice Capades,Cartman,Me?!
Lice Capades,Kyle,This is exactly what you would do if they found lice in your hair! Try to lead the charge against somebody else to take the suspicion off of yourself!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"I don't think so, Kyle! But you know what?! This is exactly what you would do if you had had head lice! Try to get everyone to blame me!"
Lice Capades,Stan,You guys stop it! This isn't getting us anywhere!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"That's exactly what you would do if you had had head lice, Stan. [Stan is stunned]"
Lice Capades,Kyle,"Yeah, try to have everyone make peace so it doesn't seem like a big deal."
Lice Capades,Cartman,And this is exactly what Kenny would do: stand here and say nothing! [Kenny makes an angry face]
Lice Capades,Butters,"[sensing where this is going] Heh hey guys, what would I do?"
Lice Capades,Bebe,Let's just get a magnifying glass and look at everyone's heads.
Lice Capades,Kyle,It's too late. The treatment would have killed it all.
Lice Capades,Clyde,Well I guess we're never gonna know. There's no way to tell.
Lice Capades,Cartman,There's a way! There's a way to find out who had sick-ass head cooties! And I'm gonna find it! [turns left and walks away. Clyde looks around]
Lice Capades,Kyle,It was him. It had to have been him!
Lice Capades,Stan,Yeah... Or you. [they check out each other]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. More survivors are brought to the clearing
Lice Capades,Louse 9,"Mark? Mark, you have to hang on."
Lice Capades,Travis,"This isn't going to stop. The world is rejecting us! If we're gonna live, we have to get off this planet."
Lice Capades,Louse 8,How?
Lice Capades,Travis,"First we have to get out of the forest, into the forbidden zone. It's the only way we might even see another planet!"
Lice Capades,Louse 9,The forbidden zone... We'll be exposed. We'll die out there.
Lice Capades,Travis,"We'll die here! Look, the world is getting rid of us! Don't you get it?!"
Lice Capades,Louse 10,Getting rid of us? You-you mean like it knows what it's doing?
Lice Capades,Travis,Yes! Because maybe we rolled the dice too many times!
Lice Capades,Louse 9,I'm not leaving my husband.
Lice Capades,Louse 11,Yeah huh-I'll take my chances here.
Lice Capades,Travis,You can all stay here; I'm gonna try to save my baby. [turns around and walks away]
Lice Capades,Louse 12,"[redhead, runs up to him] I'll go with you. There's nothing left for me here."
Lice Capades,Vice President,I wanna go too.
Lice Capades,Travis,Not a chance.
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Look, I know I messed up, all right? But I think you're right. If we can get out of the forest, we might find another place to live."
Lice Capades,Travis,"If we find anything, we'll try to send help for the rest of you. [to the redhead and the Vice President] Let's go. [the redhead moves] Come on if you're comin' Mister Vice President! [turns left and follows the redhead]"
Lice Capades,Vice President,[tarries] Yeah. Right behind you. [pulls out a gun and cocks it]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,A storage room somewhere in school. Cartman is wearing a detective coat as other fourth grade boys enter the room
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, lock that door, Craig! [Craig goes to lock the door]"
Lice Capades,Kyle,"What's this about, Cartman? [the boys are now seated on a bench against a wall]"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"I've come up with a test that can determine if it was any of us who had the head lice. [whips out a little propane torch from his right pocket] We're gonna find out once and for all who had head cooties. [whips out a lighter from his left pocket, strikes the lighter on, and uses the lighter to light the torch. He puts the lighter away. Clyde is scared now.] Lice feed on a person's blood, and just like mosquitoes they leave small traces of their saliva in the host's bloodstream. That saliva, is monochromagnic. So if an infected person's blood is touched by... this hot metal coil, say... that person's blood will jump 10 meters into the air."
Lice Capades,Jimmy,Ur ur re- ur really?
Lice Capades,Kyle,"That's retarded! You didn't come up with that experiment, Cartman, you saw it in that movie, The Thing!"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"[figuring out how to respond] This is a scientific test, designed to-"
Lice Capades,Kyle,You saw it in The Thing and you're wasting everyone's time!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"I thought you might say that, Kyle. Because you don't want to take the test, do you?!"
Lice Capades,Kyle,Nobody's blood is going to jump up in the air!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"If it isn't going to work, then what are you afraid of? The only person who wouldn't want to take the test is somebody who was worried it might work and reveal that they were the ones with lice!"
Lice Capades,Craig,Yeah. That's true.
Lice Capades,Jimmy,I have no problem taking the test. I have nothing to hi-huhiii-hide
Lice Capades,Token,Yeah. Me neither.
Lice Capades,Kyle,"All right, fine. I'll do the dumb test."
Lice Capades,Cartman,Everyone take a Petri dish and a syringe. We need at least 30 cc's of blood from each one of you.
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"The storage room, moments later. The boys have all given their 30 cc's in the labeled Petri dishes."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, now everyone back over there! [the boys head back to the bench] We'll start with what I already know. [moves the heated coil tip over the blood sample. Only steam comes from it]"
Lice Capades,Butters,"Well, guess that proves Eric wasn't the one with head lice."
Lice Capades,Kyle,It doesn't prove anything!
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Yeah? Let's just see what your blood does, Kyle! [takes Kyle's Petri dish and ...the same thing happens] Huh, I guess you're clean. [tries another Petri dish]"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Ye-you guys, we'd better go. Recess is almost over."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"It's all right, it won't take much longer, just-AHH AHHGH! [sticks the tip into the Petri dish, causing the blood to heat up and jump out of the dish. He gets the blood all over himself, and for good measure, tosses the rest of the blood onto himself.]"
Lice Capades,Token,What the hell?! [Clyde is scared shitless. Cartman turns the dish around to reveal the name: Kenny]
Lice Capades,Cartman,Kenny!
Lice Capades,Kyle,No way.
Lice Capades,Craig,"You were right all along, Eric. It was Kenny."
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Of course I was right! I told you only poor people get lice! [silence for a second or two, then Kenny bolts for the door, pushing Craig aside, opening the door, and running down the hall]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,Clyde's scalp. The survivors have made it to the hairline.
Lice Capades,Louse 12,"We've done it. We've reached the forbidden zone. [a vast space of... nothing, like a desert] I've always heard stories about this place. Never thought it was real."
Lice Capades,Travis,It's real. Real as my love for my unborn baby.
Lice Capades,Vice President,"So what exactly is your plan, Travis?"
Lice Capades,Travis,Our ancestors came here from another world. Maybe there's still other worlds out there with life forms like us. Maybe there's even a world where they've learned to live with the planet instead of just on it.
Lice Capades,Louse 12,"Travis. Travis, you're, so wise, so strong. If we make it out of this, I'd like to... be with you."
Lice Capades,Travis,"Sorry, babe, but my heart is forever stenciled in permanent ink with the name [closes his eyes] Kelly."
Lice Capades,Louse 12,She was a lucky woman to have you.
Lice Capades,Travis,"Luck had nothin' to do with it. [a gunshot from behind kills the redhead, who wobbles forward, then back and to the ground. The Vice President keeps his gun trained on her corpse]"
Lice Capades,Vice President,[aims his gun at Travis] Sorry to cut the honeymoon short!
Lice Capades,Travis,Why you murdering bastard!
Lice Capades,Vice President,Your little fantasy of another world ends here! Walk!
Lice Capades,Travis,"What the hell do you want, Vice President?!"
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Walk! [Travis turns and walks, and the Vice President follows him, keeping the gun trained on him.]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's house, day. The doorbell rings and Clyde goes to answer it. Cartman, Craig, and a few others - Token and Jimmy - are outside with socks and bars of soap."
Lice Capades,Craig,"Clyde, dude, get down to the park. We caught Kenny, and we're all gonna let him have it! [points to the sock in his right hand]"
Lice Capades,Clyde,What? What are you gonna do to him?
Lice Capades,Cartman,"He lied to us all! He betrayed his kind! We all know what has to happen. [beat] Grab a sock and a bar of soap, and meet us at the park! [they turn and head off]"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"[his eyes wander as he thinks] You guys, wait. [the guys turn around]"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"What, Clyde?"
Lice Capades,Clyde,I... nothing.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, see you there! [the guys turn around and leave] Remember, bar of soap and a sock! Kenny's gonna get it!"
Lice Capades,"Token, Craig",Yeah!
Lice Capades,Jimmy,"Yeah! We're gonna fu-fu-fuck him up! [Clyde sees them leave, then backs up, scared]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's house, day. Mrs. Garrison seems to be preparing an omelet for herself, adding garlic salt and putting it aside. The phone rings and she picks up."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,Yello?
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Mrs. Garrison, one of your students is about to be attacked at the park by all the other students."
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,What? Who's going to get attacked? Who is this?!
Lice Capades,Clyde,Please just hurry to the park! You have to stop them!
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the hairline. The Vice President and Travis are still walking"
Lice Capades,Vice President,That's good! That's far enough! [Travis stops and turns]
Lice Capades,Travis,What are you going to do?
Lice Capades,Vice President,"I'm gonna go back to the village, start to rebuild, mate with the females, become... President!"
Lice Capades,Travis,Don't you get it? The world doesn't want you here! It's not gonna stop until you're dead!
Lice Capades,Vice President,It was a disaster! Disasters happen!
Lice Capades,Travis,"Then go ahead and die there, I'm leavin' with my baby!"
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Actually, you're never leaving here either, Travis! [shoots out the knees of Travis's hind legs]"
Lice Capades,Travis,Damn you! Why?!
Lice Capades,Vice President,"Because when I'm President, I can't have pests like you constantly trying to preach that the world is alive! You're an idealistic fool! The world is not ""conscious,"" we are conscious! If the world was alive, it would feel this! [plugs six bullets into Clyde's scalp]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's neighborhood, day. He's walking towards the park."
Lice Capades,Clyde,[feeling the little stings] Ow. [reaches back to the base of his skull]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the hairline. The Vice President is about to finish Travis off"
Lice Capades,Vice President,You die he- [looks up. Two fingers reach down and grab him. He screams like he's never screamed before as Travis watches the fingers take him away.]
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's neighborhood, day. Clyde glances at the louse and tosses it away. The Vice President screams to his death on the sidewalk below."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's scalp, the hairline. Travis tries to stand up, but ends up flat on his back. He can no longer move, so he just cries."
Lice Capades,Scene Description,The neighborhood park. The boys have gathered on the basketball court to let Kenny have it.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Kenny McCormick, you are charged with bringing head cooties into our school, and lying about it to cover your ass! How do you plead?!"
Lice Capades,Kenny,[restrained by Kevin and Bradley] (Not guilty!)
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Guilty! I thought so! [the boys pull down his hood and coat, and his shirt]"
Lice Capades,Craig,"All right, let's do this!"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"You guys, maybe we should just... wait a few more minutes?"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"All right, Kenny. You know what has to happen! Sock bath! Everyone wash Kenny with the soap and dry him off with the socks! [the boys gang up on Kenny and give him the sock bath]"
Lice Capades,Kenny,"Nohoho! No, not the socks! Ahhhgh, stop!"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Wait, wait!"
Lice Capades,Kyle,"Wait... stop it, stop it! [he walks away; the others stop and look at him] I can't let Kenny be sock-dried."
Lice Capades,Craig,He had cooties and he lied about it!
Lice Capades,Kyle,"[looks over his left shoulder] Kenny didn't have the head lice, all right?! [looks away] It was me."
Lice Capades,Clyde,What?
Lice Capades,Kyle,"I was the one. I was too afraid to say anything, but I can't let Kenny be sock-bathed for it."
Lice Capades,Stan,"Why are you saying that, Kyle? You can't be the one who had head lice. [walks up to him] Because I was. You're just trying to make me feel bad because you figured that out, didn't you?!"
Lice Capades,Clyde,"Wait a-wait a minute, what?"
Lice Capades,Cartman,"Oh I get it. [walks up to Stan and Kyle] This is some kind of big trick on me! You've known I was the one with head lice all along, huh?!"
Lice Capades,Stan,You had head lice?
Lice Capades,Cartman,Of course! Why do you think I went through that elaborate bullcrap experiment to frame Kenny?!
Lice Capades,Mrs. Garrison,"[offscreen] You all had head lice! [the boys look up and off to the left. Mrs. Garrison walks up to them on the court] Every single person in the class! The boys aaand the girls! Lice spreads fast, you dumb-asses!"
Lice Capades,Craig,I thought I was the only one.
Lice Capades,Butters,Me too.
Lice Capades,Cartman,"But that means... that means Kenny was lying! Sock bath! [the other boys join in the chant ""Sock bath!"" and gang up on Kenny once again]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"Clyde's hair. With the redhead and the Vice President gone, Travis is left alone with his thoughts."
Lice Capades,Travis,"Kelly. Kelly, can you hear mih? I don't know if you can. But... I wanted you to know I tried. I tried to save our baby. But I let you down, babe. [blinks. A light shines on him and a vision of Kelly descends. Travis holds his left hand up as a visor to make sure he's not hallucinating] Keh... k-Kelly? [Kelly's apparition disappears, replaced by a fly. Travis climbs on to one of the fly's legs, and the fly takes off. After a long while, the fly alights on a new host and Travis drops to the ground, asleep. Members of a darker, buffer species of louse watch from the shadows. They prop him up and carry him away]"
Lice Capades,Louse 13,"You are welcome here. [the colony here is well-developed, with entrances to dwellings going up several stories, making the hairs act as high-rise apartments. The residents there wave as he passes by] You're safe now. We've lived here for generation after generation, never being disturbed."
Lice Capades,Travis,"Heh. We made it, Hope. We made it, Kelly! [at this point the camera pulls back, out of the hair, and out of the space between a pair of female legs. The camera pulls back enough to show an actress exiting her limousine.]"
Lice Capades,Scene Description,"An actress with big lips is seen coming out of a limousine, with photographers ready to take pictures of her."
Lice Capades,Agent,"Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Angelina Jolie! [photographers start snapping away with their cameras]"
Lice Capades,Angelina Jolie,"Hello, everyone! [scratches her groin through her dress] Hello!"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. The school bell rings and the kids rush in to sit down. Mrs. Garrison enters the classroom."
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"All right, students, let's take our seats. Everyone try to be nice because we have a new student joining us today, and I know you'll all make him feel welcome. Say hello to... Baahir Hassan Abdul Hakeem."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Uh oh! [Kyle's seat is empty, and he fears the worst]"
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"Welcome to our class, Baahir."
The Snuke,Baahir,Thank you.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Duhude, dude, [throws out his arms, palms out] not cool!"
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,Why don't you take a seat in Kyle's empty desk for now?
The Snuke,Baahir,"Okay. [goes to Kyle's seat. Cartman begins crawling out of his, away from Baahir]"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Oooh hooohoho. Nooo, noohoohoo."
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"[stopping him. What follows is in hushed tones] Eric, what the hell is wrong with you?!"
The Snuke,Cartman,"What's wrong? [looks at Baahir, who's looking back at him, then looks back at Mrs. Garrison and takes her aside] Has he been checked for bombs?"
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,"Eric, that's enough! Not all Muslim people are terrorists!"
The Snuke,Cartman,"No, but most of them are. And all it takes is most of them."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The school playground, recess. There are several kids waiting at the slide, Butters takes his turn."
The Snuke,Butters,"[slides down gleefully] Now you go, Baahir. [Baahir climbs the ladder steps and slides down. Butters cheers him on. Cartman shows up and looks at them. Baahir dusts himself off. Cartman turns and walks away, then places a call on his cell phone]"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's bedroom, day. Kyle is still in bed, his window curtains drawn shut. There's lots of little tissues on his bed and surrounding floor with two plates on the floor next to the bed. His cordless phone is on the covers. It rings, he picks up"
The Snuke,Kyle,[sniffs - he has a stuffy nose] Yeah?
The Snuke,Cartman,"[hushed] Kyle, are you on your computer?"
The Snuke,Kyle,"What? No, I'm sick. [sniffs]"
The Snuke,Cartman,Get online. I need you to check something for me.
The Snuke,Kyle,"Dude, leave me alone."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Kyle, every one of our friends might be in serious danger!"
The Snuke,Kyle,[sits right up] What? Why?
The Snuke,Cartman,Get online now!
The Snuke,Kyle,"All right, all right. [leaves his bed and goes to his computer, sits down and starts clicking]"
The Snuke,Cartman,Go to MySpace. [enters the school building] See if there's a MySpace page for a Baahir Hakeem.
The Snuke,Kyle,"[types a search term at MySpace] Baahir Hakeem. [Baahir's page pops up] Born in Chicago, eight years old, his favorite color is green... Car, Cartman, what is this all about?"
The Snuke,Cartman,"[begins walking down the hallway] Kyle, I want you to check his buddy list. How many MySpace friends does he have?"
The Snuke,Kyle,Over a hundred.
The Snuke,Cartman,[walks further along] Look further down the page. Does he list his favorite band?
The Snuke,Kyle,White Stripes
The Snuke,Cartman,[stops suddenly] That's funny.
The Snuke,Kyle,What?
The Snuke,Cartman,He told everyone in class today his favorite band was Blink 182.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"A ticking clock: 11:59:57... 11:59:58... 11:59:59... 12:00:00... Darkness. The following text appears onscreen, then disappears after Cartman finishes speaking."
The Snuke,Cartman,[voiceover] The following takes place between Recess and Geography class.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park Police Station, day, Officer Barbrady's desk. A hovering camera looks at a ringing phone. Officer Barbrady answers."
The Snuke,Barbrady,Hello?
The Snuke,Cartman,"[entering the boys' restroom, still in hushed tones] Officer Barbrady, South Park Elementary is in serious danger! [checks the toilet stalls on all fours]"
The Snuke,Barbrady,From what? Who is this?
The Snuke,Cartman,I've just ID'd a Muslim and his MySpace page does not check out. You've got to get these people out of here now!
The Snuke,Barbrady,Are you serious?
The Snuke,Cartman,"If I wasn't serious, would I be talking like this?"
The Snuke,Barbrady,Like what?
The Snuke,Cartman,"Whispering, but whispering really loudly for dramatic effect."
The Snuke,Barbrady,Oh jeez.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Mrs. Garrison's class, later. Mrs. Garrison moves on to History, but the school bell goes off as a fire drill."
The Snuke,Mrs. Garrison,What the hell?
The Snuke,Principal Victoria,[over the PA system] All students are to evacuate the school immediately! [Baahir looks around]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The front of South Park Elementary, later. The kids pour out happily."
The Snuke,Butters,"Hey, Baahir, uh since we get to go home, you wanna come over uh, play checkers?"
The Snuke,Baahir,"Sure, okay. [12:02:32 pops up on screen and ticks the seconds away.]"
The Snuke,Butters,Well all right! [they walk off together]
The Snuke,Kyle,Dude. [sniffs and calls Cartman. The LED readout vanishes]
The Snuke,Cartman,[exits the building through a side door and answers the call] Yeah. [walks among various trash cans and bins]
The Snuke,Kyle,"Dude, I just got an IM from Stan that they evacuated the school."
The Snuke,Cartman,Yeah. Now do you believe me that somethin' is goin' on?!
The Snuke,Kyle,I guess so.
The Snuke,Cartman,Yeah well I don't like it! It doesn't follow!
The Snuke,Kyle,Wuh what doesn't follow?
The Snuke,Cartman,"Why would a terrorist just blow up a school? It's not their M.O. Unless... Oh my God! Unless this was all just a big diversion. [starts running] Kyle, I need you to Google-search the South Park Chamber of Commerce!"
The Snuke,Kyle,Okay.
The Snuke,Cartman,Their Web site should have a calendar of events: is there anything big going on in town today?!
The Snuke,Kyle,"[looks up the info as Cartman talks] Yeah. Actually, there is."
The Snuke,Cartman,[stops] What?
The Snuke,Kyle,There's a Hillary Clinton campaign rally. [Cartman stays silent] Cartman? ...Cartman? [Cartman has turned off his phone and runs out of school]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Central Intelligence Agency, day. An agent takes a call and-"
The Snuke,Agent,Sir! There's somebody calling in saying there's going to be a terrorist attack on the Hillary Clinton rally today.
The Snuke,Head agent,"What? [takes the call] This is CIA head, Alan Thompson."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Mr. Thompson, you have to call off the Clinton rally! There's a terrorist in South Park!"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,What do you know?
The Snuke,Cartman,He just showed up out of the blue! I need to speak with the President right away!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,I'm the head of the CIA! You can tell me!
The Snuke,Cartman,I said I will only talk to the President!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Look, if you have information of a threat, you could-"
The Snuke,Cartman,LALALALALALALALA!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,I will have you arrested for-!
The Snuke,Cartman,LALALA-I can't hear you! Only the President! LALALALALALA!
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, 12:04:27 South Park time. The LED readout ticks away, the ominous echo follows."
The Snuke,Aide,"Call is coming through now, Mr. President."
The Snuke,Bush,Hello?
The Snuke,Cartman,"President Bush, this is Eric Cartman! Are we on a secure line?"
The Snuke,Bush,Huh? Who.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Look, I know you're not the biggest Hildog fan, but she is in great danger right now!"
The Snuke,Bush,Hildog?
The Snuke,Scene Description,"A motorcade in South Park, day. The American flag waving from a pole on the hood indicates Secret Service protection."
The Snuke,Aide,"Yes, I understand. I'll let Ms. Clinton know."
The Snuke,Hillary,"What is it, Brian?"
The Snuke,Brian,"Ms. Clinton, we just received word of a possible terrorist attack on your rally today."
The Snuke,Hillary,Is the thread credible?
The Snuke,Brian,"We aren't sure, but... perhaps it's best we call it off. [behind him, the rally gets closer and closer]"
The Snuke,Hillary,"No. No, I will not be bullied by terrorist threats. Your men do a good job, Brian. I have faith that any thread will be taken care of accordingly."
The Snuke,Driver,"We've reached the rally site, Hildog."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The rally site, downtown South Park."
The Snuke,Aide 2,"Don't worry, Mrs. Clinton, I'm sure everything will be fine."
The Snuke,Hillary,"Thank you, Chris. [leaves with Brian and a third aide. The driver walks off in the opposite direction, and Chris whips out a cell phone. He walks forward and calls someone]"
The Snuke,Chris,They know about the bomb!
The Snuke,Blond Russian,That is impossible! We took every measure to assure the bomb was hidden from sight.
The Snuke,Chris,"Well somebody tipped off the CIA. I don't know how much they know, but security has been heightened."
The Snuke,Blond Russian,That bomb must travel with the Clinton rally to Boston!
The Snuke,Chris,"The bomb won't make it to Boston now! With the heightened security, it's only a matter of time before they find it!"
The Snuke,Blonde Russian,Then we have no choice. We have to move up the attack.
The Snuke,Chris,"I understand, comrade."
The Snuke,Blonde Russian,Prepare yourself. We detonate the bomb... within the hour.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"12:17:56. Time keeps on ticking, ticking, ticking... Kyle is still at home, Cartman roams the rally."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Kyle, I'm at the Clinton rally site, but there's no sign of that kid!"
The Snuke,Kyle,So then maybe you're wrong.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Nope, I'm not wrong. He must be somehow attacking remotely from his house. Did you find the address?"
The Snuke,Kyle,Yeah. I cross-referenced his MySpace page with realtor.com. His parents moved into that green house on Janice Street.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Jesus, that's on the other side of town. All right, Kyle, I'm going to take a picture with my camera phone and upload it to you. You ready?"
The Snuke,Kyle,"Yeah. [Cartman giggles and sticks the phone down his pants, in front of his genitals. He takes the picture and sends it to Kyle. Kyle receives it on his computer] What is that?"
The Snuke,Cartman,It's my balls! [laughs as Kyle just looks at the image]
The Snuke,Kyle,God damn it Cartman!
The Snuke,Cartman,"[his laugh dies down, then] Okay. Okay, Kyle, let's stay focused here."
The Snuke,Mayor McDaniels,"People of South Park, it is my honor to introduce a woman who deserves nothing but respect. Mrs. Hillary Rodham Clinton! [the crowd cheers and holds up pro-Hillary signs: ""Hildog"", ""In Hildog We Trust"", ""Hildog, we love you!"", ""Hildog #1 fan"", ""South Park Wants Hildog!!"", ""Hildog '08"", ""We Love You""]"
The Snuke,Hillary,[affecting a Southern accent] It is so nice to be back in a small town like the one I came from. [more cheers for her]
The Snuke,Hildog Fan,Here we go! [his friends don dog-headed helmets and start barking.]
The Snuke,Brian,"Otis Green, anything on that bomb threat? [""You know, when I start my life in office, quite a few changes have to be made!""]"
The Snuke,Otis,"We have the bomb-sniffing pig going through the crowd. If there is a bomb, the pig will find it. [the third aide has the pig on a leash, letting it roam as it will]"
The Snuke,Hillary,This is why I campaign in small towns like these! Because it is in towns like South Park that you find the true America! [more cheers go up as aide and pig move around]
The Snuke,Aide 3,"Oh my God, she got a scent! [the pig walks faster]"
The Snuke,Brian,What?!
The Snuke,Aide 3,The pig is picking up the smell of nuclear residue. Terrorists have hidden a bomb!
The Snuke,Brian,[getting nervous] Oh my God! Where?! Where could they have stashed it?!
The Snuke,Aide 3,"Come on, find it. Find! [the pig leads him up the steps to the stage]"
The Snuke,Brian,"My God, they hid it under the stage?!"
The Snuke,Female aide,"No wait, look. [the pig approaches Hillary and really wants to get at that bomb]"
The Snuke,Hillary,"How much money do we have to waste on needless spendin' when we should be focusing all our attention on... uh... [the pig buries its snout in Hillary's ass] on the education of all- Woo haha, whoa there, girl. Haha, [puts some distance between herself and the pig, but the pig won't back off] uh, uh, on the education of all children. [the pig tries the groin this time] Oh, I declare!"
The Snuke,Otis,Oh my God. Do you think they could have hidden a nuclear device up Mrs. Clinton's...
The Snuke,Scene Description,CIA Headquarters. An agent comes up to Mr. Thompson with a report.
The Snuke,Agent,"Mr. Thompson, the kid who called in the warning was right! We uncovered intel that terrorists have obtained a nuclear device, and that they have most likely hidden it in Mrs. Clinton's... well, in her..."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,In her what?
The Snuke,Agent,"In her snatch, sir."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,What?!
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Back at the rally, later. Brian observes as two paramedics seat Hillary down on a gurney."
The Snuke,Hillary,What is goin' on? I wasn't finished.
The Snuke,Brian,"Security measure, Mrs. Clinton. Probably nothing. [receives a call and answers it] Yes."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"A CIA helicopter on its way to South Park, day."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Mr. Jeffries, this is Alan Thompson with the CIA. We have reason to believe that Mrs. Clinton may have a nuclear device up her snatch."
The Snuke,Brian,A what?!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,A snatch. It's the technical term for vagina.
The Snuke,Brian,"No, I mean what kind of nuclear device?!"
The Snuke,Scene Description,A diagram of a bomb inside a woman's uterus. Zoom out to reveal CIA headquarters
The Snuke,Mr. Waters,"Mr. Jeffries, this is Frank Waters. It's a suitcase nuke, designed to fit in a woman's snizz. It's called a snuke."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Back at the rally, later. Brian walks up to Hillary."
The Snuke,Hillary,"What is goin' on, Brian?"
The Snuke,Brian,"Ms. Clinton, it appears that terrorists have snuck a snuke up your snizz."
The Snuke,Hillary,[fans herself in a Southern fashion] Oh my.
The Snuke,Brian,What do we do? Can we disable the timer?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,It won't have a timer. Snukes are detonated remotely. Whoever our terrorist is has a detonator with him.
The Snuke,Brian,But then that means...
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Yes. If we don't find that detonator, everyone in the town of South Park is going to die. For-ever."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"12:28:38 and counting. Four images come up: Hillary on the gurney, Kyle at his computer, Butters and Baahir playing checkers in Butters' living room, and the CIA landing in South Park"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,Do we have that phone trace?
The Snuke,CIA vice head,"[hands him the phone] The call is going through now, sir."
The Snuke,Cartman,[gets the call] Yeah? [walks through a parking lot]
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"This is CIA head Alan Thompson. We spoke before about the- [he and his agents walk down the street. Two angles are shown of that, and a third image of Cartman walking through the lot]"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Yes, Mr. Thompson?"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Well, we've just arrived in your town."
The Snuke,Cartman,Why? Did you find something?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,Yes. There's a suitcase nuke in Ms. Clinton's snizz.
The Snuke,Cartman,[stops] A snuke?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,That's right. It's controlled by a remote detonator. We have to locate the terrorist before he sets it off.
The Snuke,Cartman,[walks again] I have the address of the house the terrorist moved into. I'm almost there now; where are you?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"We're on the town's main street, right by an ice cream shop."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Oh dude, I'm, I'm right next to you. [the framing for the two scenes is removed to reveal the one image of Cartman standing next to the CIA agents. They look at each other]"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Oh, hey."
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, day. Kyle is still at his computer when Stan walks in."
The Snuke,Stan,"Dude, we totally got let out of school."
The Snuke,Kyle,"I know. Something big is going on. Take a look at this. I did a Google search for ""Hillary Clinton Campaign Rally"" right? And one of the links was to YouTube, where this Russian guy had a bunch of videos."
The Snuke,Stan,Russian?
The Snuke,Kyle,"Yeah, this guy. [a YouTube profile page is shown] Vladimir Stolfsky. He had videos on YouTube of every single rally."
The Snuke,Stan,So he's a Hillary Clinton fan.
The Snuke,Kyle,"No. I cross-referenced his YouTube profile with MySpace, and according to his blog, he's an old-school Communist. So what's he doing at every Clinton rally?"
The Snuke,Stan,Do a WebCrawler search: maybe he has podcasts up somewhere.
The Snuke,Kyle,Oh that's a good idea. [does the search]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The Hakeem house, later. Police, SWAT, and CIA move in on the house and arrest Baahir's parents."
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,What is going on? What have we done?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,They claim they don't know anything about an attack.
The Snuke,Cartman,Big surprise!
The Snuke,Police officer,"Sir, first pass of the house, we didn't find a snuke detonator anywhere."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Mr. Hakeem, where is your son?"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,We thought he was at school. He's not at school?
The Snuke,Scene Description,A clinic nearby. Hillary is up on stirrups while some police and agents look at an X-ray of her abdomen and groin.
The Snuke,Brian,"You're doing great, Ms. Clinton."
The Snuke,Hillary,"Do they know how long, Brian? How long before the snuke in my snizz goes off?"
The Snuke,Brian,"They'll find the detonator, Hildog."
The Snuke,Aide 3,"We can't wait for them to find the detonator. If we can get to the bomb, me-maybe we can deactivate it. Can't somebody go and take a look inside Mrs. Clinton's snizz?"
The Snuke,EOD leader,[part of the bomb squad] I'm not sending any of my men in there.
The Snuke,Chris,Are you almost ready to set off the bomb?
The Snuke,Vladimir,Everything is set. We have the detonator up and running. [the detonator is shown with its LED readout: 12:34:10... 12:34:11... 12:34:12... 12:34:13... ]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"An interrogation room. A CIA agent grills Mr. Hakeem, with a female agent as witness."
The Snuke,Agent 2,"Mr. Hakeem, we need to know where your son is!"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"I tell you, I do not know."
The Snuke,Agent 2,"[sighs, then leaves the room with the female agent and enters the adjoining control room, where Mr. Thompson is waiting] This is getting us nowhere. If he knows anything, he's not saying."
The Snuke,Cartman,Let me have time with him.
The Snuke,Female agent,What are you going to do?
The Snuke,Cartman,We have to find that detonator! Let me have time with him! [removes his cap and goes in] You will tell me where your son is!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"He should be at school! [Cartman walks off and brings back a stool, setting it against Mr. Hakeem's chair. He climbs up and stands on the stool, drops his pants, and starts farting.] Hey!"
The Snuke,Cartman,[farts] Where is the detonator?!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,Wuh-what detonator are you ta-
The Snuke,Cartman,"[farts some more, and again, and again] I can do this aaall day."
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"[coughs] I don't know anything about a- [Cartman farts a short one, and then a long one that makes Mr. Hakeem turn away] Aawwwwgh [holds his breath, gasps for air and coughs] Stop it! Really!"
The Snuke,Cartman,You can make it stop!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"[almost weeps] I don't have the- [Cartman farts for a long time, and the female agent turns away from the one-way window]"
The Snuke,Female agent,Are we just gonna let this go on? [Cartman continues farting]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, later."
The Snuke,Kyle,"Okay, I got a text of the Russian guy's podcast. It's all a bunch of links to eBay."
The Snuke,Stan,You should be able to search his username on eBay and see what he's been buying and selling. [CIA agents enter the room quickly with their equipment]
The Snuke,CIA vice head,"Ferris, set up over there. Two of you can take that bed area. [Stan steps down for a better look at the activity]"
The Snuke,Kyle,Hey.
The Snuke,CIA vice head,"Donner, take over that station. [points to Kyle. Donner walks over and shoves Kyle off his chair]"
The Snuke,Kyle,[stands up] What's going on?
The Snuke,CIA vice head,This department is being absorbed by Homeland Security!
The Snuke,Kyle,...Homeland Security?
The Snuke,CIA vice head,"Look, your little game of goin' over people's heads is over! You could still work, but from now on you answer to me, you got that?!"
The Snuke,FBI leader,"'Scuse me, who's in charge here?!"
The Snuke,CIA vice head,I am!
The Snuke,FBI leader,[more people come in] Yeah well not anymore you're not. This department has just been assigned to the FBI.
The Snuke,CIA vice head,That's outrageous! On whose orders?!
The Snuke,FBI leader,"On order of the Secretary of Defense! You had your shot, now I'm in charge!"
The Snuke,ATF leader,"[more people come in] Not anymore you're not! Orders just came down from Central! They want ATF handling this on all fronts! All right people, from now on you're answering to me!"
The Snuke,Secret Service leader,[more people come in] Not anymore they're not! Orders from the President: he wants this handled by his staff personally! Now Nelson is in charge.
The Snuke,Nelson,[bursts into the scene] Not anymore I'm not! [everyone else falls silent]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The interrogation room, later. Cartman walks in with a metal suitcase containing syringes. He takes one out"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,What are you going to do to my wife?!
The Snuke,Cartman,Nothing... if you tell me where your son is!
The Snuke,Mrs. Hakeem,We told you: we don't know.
The Snuke,Cartman,"[whips around and shows them the syringe] Do you know what this is?! [they look at each other, unsure] This... is apple juice. It gives super bad farts. [injects himself with the syringe into the right arm and hops up on the stool next to Mrs. Hakeem]"
The Snuke,Female agent,Did he just inject himself with apple juice?
The Snuke,Cartman,Where is your son?!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"She doesn't know either. [Cartman turns and drops his pants, and farts on Mrs. Hakeem's face]"
The Snuke,Mrs. Hakeem,Aaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaah!
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"I mean it! Stop! That is disgusting! Where is your mother?! [a phone rings and the camera zooms in on Mrs. Hakeem's shirt pocket. Cartman turns and reaches into the pocket, pulling out the cell phone]"
The Snuke,Cartman,Answer it! [holds the phone to Mrs. Hakeem's right ear]
The Snuke,Mrs. Hakeem,Hallo? Hallo Baahir. Where are you? Who it But-ters?
The Snuke,Cartman,Butters.
The Snuke,Mrs. Hakeem,"Baahir, one of your classmates is keeping us hostage. [Cartman drops the phone and farts a good gust of flatulence against Mrs. Hakeem's face] Aaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaah! [Cartman drops off the stool and enters the control room.]"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,Ogh! You filthy little rapscallion!
The Snuke,Cartman,We got him! I know where he is!
The Snuke,Female agent,"All right, where? We'll send our people in."
The Snuke,Cartman,"No no, he's my lead. [opens the suitcase]"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,You're not going alone.
The Snuke,Cartman,You blow in there and you risk taking him down without finding the detonator! I'm going to find out where it is! [gives himself a double injection of apple juice]
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, later. The Secret Service is running the show now."
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,"[white hair] All right, people, I'm in charge now and we will find the terrorists. Jarvis, I want you to check for any terrorist chatter on AOL. Marley and Greggs, try searching for nuclear devices on askjeeves.com."
The Snuke,Kyle,Ask Jeeves? Nobody uses Ask Jeeves! Just Google-search it!
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,Are you tellin' me how to do my job?
The Snuke,Kyle,Yes. There's a Russian guy named Vladimir Stolfsky who's got search engine hits all over this thing.
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,"Chase, search the name Stolfsky on YouTube and cross-reference it with JDate!"
The Snuke,Chase,Checking.
The Snuke,Stan,"Look, these Russian guys all have blogs talking about this like it's just some big diversion for something much bigger!"
The Snuke,Female agent 2,"[with a stack of papers] Sir, these kids are right. We've just received intel that Russian terrorists are believed to be responsible for the threat."
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,Where's the intel from?
The Snuke,Female agent 2,We just read it on Drudge Report.
The Snuke,Kyle,"Look, we already have the guy's blog. Maybe we can find an address and check it out on MapQuest."
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,We do this my way! I'm the one in charge!
The Snuke,Kyle,[he and Stan look at each other] ...Not anymore you're not.
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,"Oh, snap. [walks off dejected]"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"Butters' living room, day. He and Baahir are playing Checkers, and Butters looks like he's winning."
The Snuke,Butters,"[makes his move] Whoopee! I captured another one of your pieces, Baahir. [outside, Cartman runs up to the window and crashes through it.]"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Uuugh! [lies motionless for a few seconds, then gets up]"
The Snuke,Butters,Oh hey Eric.
The Snuke,Cartman,[walks up to Baahir and grabs him by the collar] Where is the detonator!
The Snuke,Baahir,The what?
The Snuke,Cartman,You have exactly five seconds before I start dropping serious apple juice farts on your face! One!
The Snuke,Baahir,Leave me alone! [heads for the front door and walks out. Cartman follows him] Upta!
The Snuke,Butters,"[watches them leave] Hey, I was about to win!"
The Snuke,Scene Description,The sidewalk. Cartman chases Baahir down the street.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Stop, terrorist, or I will shoot you! [A black van pulls up next to them and the side door slides open. Three real terrorists jump out and aim their semiautomatics at the two boys]"
The Snuke,Terrorist #1,"[olive-colored] Get in the van! [Both boys are scared, but Cartman backs away]"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Uh, that's cool. I'm actually not... playing anymore."
The Snuke,Terrorist #1,[they aim their guns at Cartman] Get in the van!
The Snuke,Scene Description,The clinic.
The Snuke,Aide 3,"That's it! We don't have a choice anymore! Somebody is going to have to go in, and try to disarm the snuke manually!"
The Snuke,EOD leader,"No, it's too dangerous! That snatch has not seen action in over 30 years! It could be toxic!"
The Snuke,Brian,[overhearing it] I'll do it! I'll check out Ms. Clinton's snizz.
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The terrorists' hideout, 12:40:27 and counting. Vladimir has Cartman and Baahir tied up in chairs"
The Snuke,Cartman,Let me go! Please! I am just a little boy!
The Snuke,Vladimir,You called and warned the government of our plans! What you don't know is that we are simply mercenaries! We were paid to set up the snuke so that the real enemy of America could attack!
The Snuke,Cartman,That's cool. I'm fine with Muslims invading.
The Snuke,Vladimir,[aims the semiautomatic at him] Do you really think Muslims are behind this terrorist threat?!
The Snuke,Cartman,"Uhh yes, of course?"
The Snuke,Vladimir,"America had other enemies before the Muslims, you know. Who is America's oldest enemy?"
The Snuke,Cartman,The Russians?
The Snuke,Vladimir,Before that.
The Snuke,Cartman,The Germans?
The Snuke,Vladimir,Before that.
The Snuke,Cartman,The Germans again?
The Snuke,Vladimir,Before that! I am talking about the oldest threat to America! The greatest enemy America has ever known!
The Snuke,Cartman,You can't possible mean...?
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The ocean blue. A fleet of British ships is sailing towards the United States, but these ships are from another era. The men are dressed in uniforms of the Revolutionary War era - as Red Coats"
The Snuke,Captain,"Two hundred years we've waited. Finally. We will get those traitors to the Crown! [gets a call and answers it on his cell phone] Yes, Your Majesty?"
The Snuke,Queen Elizabeth II,The Russians are ready to set off the diversion. Full sail.
The Snuke,Captain,"Full sail, Your Majesty?"
The Snuke,Scene Description,12:43:57 and counting.
The Snuke,Scene Description,12:47:18 and Hillary is back on stirrups (upper left picture). 12:47:19 and Kyle is back at his computer (upper right picture). 12:47:20 and Cartman is shown struggling in his seat (lower right picture). 12:47:21 and the British fleet is shown (lower left picture).
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The clinic. The aide, doctor, and other officials are behind protective glass in a booth. Brian is dressed in a Hazmat suit and gas mask"
The Snuke,Aide 3,"All right, Brian, this is it. Get in there and see if you can disarm the snuke in Ms. Clinton's snatch."
The Snuke,Brian,"[diving in slowly, has radio communication with the booth] All right. I'm nearing her snizz now."
The Snuke,EOD leader,God help him.
The Snuke,Aide 3,"What do you see, Brian?"
The Snuke,Brian,It's dark... cold...
The Snuke,Aide 3,"You're doing fine, Brian. Get as close as you can... Y-you have to look inside the snizz."
The Snuke,Brian,"Uh, uh, all right, I'm looking. Yes, I see... I see the device! [begins to cough]"
The Snuke,Aide 3,"You're doin' great, Brian. Hang in there."
The Snuke,Brian,"There's um, metal housing... some kind of three-pronged triggering mechanism that... Wait there's... there's something else here! There's something... [static fills the transmission and the aide tries to restore communication]"
The Snuke,Aide 3,"Say again, Brian."
The Snuke,Brian,"[amid heavy static] There's something perched on the snuke's coil... Oh God, it's looking at me!"
The Snuke,EOD leader,"[takes control] Brian, get out of there!"
The Snuke,Brian,Wha... what are you?! I have no qualm with you! Stay back! Stay back I- agh! Aaagh!
The Snuke,EOD leader,"Brian? Brian, what's happening?"
The Snuke,Brian,"It's... eating my head! It's eating my head! [the camera zooms back to show his body gyrating helplessly, then being spit out by Mrs. Clinton's snizz]"
The Snuke,Hillary,Hoh my!
The Snuke,Scene Description,Kyle's bedroom. He's at his computer as agents discuss things behind him.
The Snuke,Kyle,"I got it! I got it! According to PayPal, the Russian guys are just hired mercenaries who had ads up on Craig's List and got paid through eBay so that Boston could be attacked by... the British."
The Snuke,Female agent 2,The British?
The Snuke,Agent 4,Loyalist Red Coats!
The Snuke,Chase,"Sir, I found the Russian's eHarmony account! It does list an address in South Park!"
The Snuke,Kyle,All right! MapQuest the address!
The Snuke,Chase,I'll use Google Maps. It has live traffic.
The Snuke,Kyle,Good thinking
The Snuke,CIA leader 2,"Sir, we have the terrorists' location. IM'ing you now."
The Snuke,Scene Description,The terrorists' hideout.
The Snuke,Vladimir,"[warmly shakes a terrorist's hand] It was good knowing you, comrade."
The Snuke,Baahir,Please. Think about what you are doing. The British are just using you; you're going to die.
The Snuke,Vladimir,"Yes, but we will be rich."
The Snuke,Agent,"[outside] Left flank, prig prang and clear! Go go go! [the doors to the hideout fly open and CIA agents pour in, with the CIA Vice Head supervising the riad]"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"[last to enter, gun drawn] The game is over! Get down on the ground!"
The Snuke,Vladimir,How did they find us?
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,We know about everything! Your diversion to help the Red Coats is over!
The Snuke,Vladimir,It doesn't matter. The detonator is on a timer. You are too late! In three minutes! [the camera quickly moves to the detonator: 12:56:57 and counting. Four seconds later the power is shut off] What the hell?!
The Snuke,Agent,The power went out!
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,Well so then what time is it? [the power returns and the detonator's timer is reset to a blinking 12:00:00]
The Snuke,Vladimir,Oh crap.
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"Take 'em down! [the agents fire away. One after one, terrorists go down, dead. Vladimir climbs a wooden ladder to the hideout's roof]"
The Snuke,Vladimir,"No! I don't want to die without being paid! [an agent shoots him down, he hits the floor and blows up. CIA agents remove the ropes from Cartman and Baahir]"
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"[places a call] The detonator is secured, general. You are cleared to proceed."
The Snuke,Scene Description,The ocean blue. The British fleet continues towards the United State. American jets fly over them and prepare to fire
The Snuke,Captain,The Rebel Americans know of our attack?!
The Snuke,Soldier,How?
The Snuke,Captain,"Fire at will! [the soldiers quickly aim and fire. The bullets have no effect, as the jets simply unload their bombs on the ships and sink them.]"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"The Royal Palace, the Queen's throne room. She's seated at her throne and gets a call. She gets the phone from one of her servants"
The Snuke,Queen Elizabeth II,Yes?
The Snuke,Captain,"Your Majesty, the attack has failed. We were... unable to end the American Revolution."
The Snuke,Queen Elizabeth II,"I see. [sets the phone down, takes a loaded gun to her mouth, and shoots her brains out. She falls forward and hits the ground, dead.]"
The Snuke,Scene Description,"South Park, at Long Road Shipping, the apparent hideout. Everyone stands in the street."
The Snuke,Mr. Thompson,"[walking into view] Well, looks like we saved our country from British rule once again."
The Snuke,Kyle,"Yeah. It just proves we need to learn not to profile one race of people. Because, actually, most of the world hates us."
The Snuke,Cartman,"Well Baahir, I was thinking that maybe I owe you an apology."
The Snuke,Baahir,Really?
The Snuke,Cartman,"Yes, but then I realized that, technically, I don't. Because by being suspicious of you I saved your life and everyone else's. So really, you owe me an apology. But that's cool."
The Snuke,Kyle,"...You didn't save everyone, I did! You were just out harassing Muslims!"
The Snuke,Cartman,"But if I hadn't called you in the first place to check out the Muslim, you would have just stayed in bed sick all day, right?"
The Snuke,Kyle,...Maybe. [looks away]
The Snuke,Cartman,"Maybe? If I hadn't called you, you wouldn't have been on your computer checking out the Clinton rally. That means my intolerance of Muslims saved America."
The Snuke,Kyle,...That is so missing the point.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Me being a bigot stopped a nuclear bomb from going off, yes or no?!"
The Snuke,Kyle,"The-that's not the right way to look at it, I-"
The Snuke,Cartman,"Yes or no, Kyle?!"
The Snuke,Kyle,No! ...Not... not like you're saying.
The Snuke,Cartman,"But that's all I'm saying: today, bigotry and racism saved the day. Baahir, you get this, right? [Baahir's parents approach, looking around at all the activity in front of their house]"
The Snuke,Mr. Hakeem,"Baahir! Get away from that disgusting child! Get back home and start packing your things! We are leaving this whole intolerant country! [Mr. Hakeem nudges Baahir forward, and the family leaves]"
The Snuke,Butters,Awwwww.
The Snuke,Cartman,"Okay. Who got rid of the Muslims, huh? [raises his own hand] That was all me. Simple thank you will suffice."
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, outside, night."
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"[inside] ...In my Easter Bonnet, with all the frills upon it, I'll be the grandest lady in the Easter parade."
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dining room table. The Marshes are decorating Easter eggs. Stan dips a hard-boiled egg into a glass of green dye. Marvin spins his slowly in a small lathe. Randy finishes one up and shows it off."
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Look at that one, huh? Half purple and half yellow with a chikadee sticker. I'm good. [sets it into the egg tray]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Uh, can I ask a question? Why do we do this?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Wha... what do you mean, ""Why do we do this?"" It's Easter!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Right, so, why do we color eggs? [Shelly makes a cross face]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Wulll, ssso that the Easter bunny can hide them."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Yeah, but why?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Stanley, Easter celebrates the day that Jesus was resurrected after being crucified for our sins."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,So we dip eggs in colored vinegar and a giant rabbit hides them?
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,That's right.
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"You don't see the missteps in logic with that? [Randy is unfazed, while Shelly, Sharon, and Marvin look at Stan disapprovingly] Look, I'm just saying that somewhere between Jesus dying on the Cross and a giant bunny hiding eggs there seems to be a, a gap of information."
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Stanley, just dye your Goddamned eggs!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,[leaves his seat] I don't feel like coloring eggs! I don't get it!
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,What is wrong with him?!
Fantastic Easter Special,Sharon,"Well, he's just getting older, Randy. Maybe he's figured out the Easter bunny isn't real. [continues dying her egg. Randy slams his palms down on the table angrily. Sharon is taken aback.]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,[rising] You know so little! [leaves]
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. The Easter bunny has a big Easter display at the mall where he sits in a chair taking requests for Easter gifts. A line of kids is waiting. In that line are Stan, Clyde, Red, Kevin, Craig, Heidi, Millie, Bill, Token, Jimmy, and a few little brothers and sisters"
Fantastic Easter Special,Cartman,"And I want a Baltor soldier doll for Easter, and five Crash'n'Go RC cars, you got that?! Do you have that?!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Mall Bunny,"Ahh, don't you think that's-"
Fantastic Easter Special,Cartman,"Nono! You don't ask me questions! You are a rabbit! I am a human. So if you don't bring me what I want for Easter, I can fucking kill you!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Aide,Smile! [takes a picture and Cartman hops off]
Fantastic Easter Special,Cartman,"Bye, Easter bunny! [leaves]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Mall Bunny,[watches him leave] Oh my God. [Stan walks up and sits on the bunny's lap. The bunny notices]
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"All right, can you explain to me what's going on?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Mall Bunny,Huh?
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,What is the deal with the coloring the eggs and you hiding them and all that? What does that have to do with Jesus dying on the Cross? [no reply] It is symbolic? Are you trying to reference something that happened in Biblical times? [nudges him] Answer me!
Fantastic Easter Special,Mall Bunny,"Look, kid ahh, I'm j-, I'm just a guy in a costume."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,I know that! But I figure you must have some knowledge of what Easter's about if you're playing the Easter Bunny at the mall!
Fantastic Easter Special,Mall Bunny,"Huhuh, Easter's just Easter. Just, just go with it, kid."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"No, I'm not gonna just go with it! I'm gonna find out what's behind all this! [hops off and walks away]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Mall Bunny,"I need a break. Can I have a break? [he gets it and walks up to some payphones nearby. He picks one up and dials a number] We have a problem. Somebody's onto us. Yeah, he's askin' a lot of questions. Only a matter of time before he finds out what Easter's really about. Yes, I understand what must be done. Call the others. [hangs up the phone]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Stan's neighborhood, day. Stan is walking home with determination. He walks by a bus stop where someone is reading a newspaper. The newspaper drops down a bit and the reader is another Easter bunny. Stan stops and looks over his shoulder and the newspaper rises to its former position again. Stan walks on, and the bunny rises a few seconds later to follow him. Stan notices and begins to run. A few seconds later he notices three more Easter bunnies facing him. With bunnies behind him and in front, he runs across the street to escape, but a car stops just before hitting him and two more bunnies step out of the car. He gets to the other side and continues running in the same direction as before, with the six bunnies chasing him. He makes it home and closes the front door behind him. The bunnies reach the door and start pounding on it"
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, inside. Stan runs upstairs."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Mom? Dad? [reaches the second floor] Anybody home?
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"[voice only] Not now, Stanley, I'm on the toilet! [Stan runs to the restroom door and pounds on it]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Dad! You've gotta help me! [looks around]
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Hang on, I'm taking a crap."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Dad! There's Easter bunnies chasing me!
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,What?
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"They chased me from the mall! I don't know what they want! [hears the front door breaking open] They're coming in! Dad, open the door! [the bathroom door opens and Randy looks out, wearing some bunny ears and a bunny snout with buck teeth.] Dad?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"We... need to talk, Stan. [the Easter bunnies run up the stairs] Ih, it's okay guys."
Fantastic Easter Special,Gray Hare,Randy?
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,Yeah. 'Cause it turns out the kid we're after is my son.
Fantastic Easter Special,Purple Hare,Ohhh.
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,Tell the Grand Hare everything is okay. I'll take it from here.
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,Stan's room. Randy explains things.
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"I wanted to keep this from you, Stan. I really wanted to wait until you were older but... you just had to keep asking questions!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Why were those other rabbit guys chasing me?!
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"We have to be careful when we think somebody's onto us. [turns to face him] We are all part of a secret society, Stan. A very ancient, very important society of men who follow the way of the Rabbit, and protect the secret of the Easter bunny. We are called... the Hare Club For Men."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"[not impressed, but curious] Does Mom know about this?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Duh, it's the Hare Club For Men. Chicks wouldn't understand."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,I don't understand!
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,I belong to a secret society that has been around for thousands of years! Our identities have to be protected!
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Could, could you, take off, the ears, please?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Stan, you don't seem to understand how serious this is! The secret of Easter that we protect is something that could rock the foundation of the entire world!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,So what is the secret of Easter?
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"I can't tell you. You have to be allowed into the Society first, but... but perhaps... it's time."
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Randy's car, night. He and Stan drive along a secluded road. Stan has a bag over his head so he doesn't see where they're going."
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"I always knew this day would come, when my son would be brought into the society. Reminds me of the day I was brought in by my father."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Grandpa's in it too?
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,Of course. Marshes have been in the Hare Club For Men for generations. All the way back to the beginning.
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Dad, do I have to wear this bag over my head the entire time?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"You aren't a member yet. You can't know where our secret meetings take place. We're going to a distant location, an old building near a lake about 40 minutes away."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"You mean the old Galveston Lodge? [Randy's taken aback at Stan's memory and so thinks about what to do next. After a while, he decides to remove the bag]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,Dammit.
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Galveston Lodge, night. Hares from all around gather inside. T.H.C.F.M. The lodge is guarded by two large golden hares"
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 1,Hey Bill.
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 2,Evenin' Marcus.
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 3,"Heh heh hey, look at you!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 4,Hey everybody.
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Galveston Lodge, inside. Hares mingle and chat"
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 5,"Stan Marsh, welcome! You must be very excited."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Must I?
Fantastic Easter Special,Marvin,There he is! There's my grandson!
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Hi Grandpa.
Fantastic Easter Special,Marvin,"I'm proud of ya, Billy."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,...Stan.
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Galveston Lodge, induction ceremony. Randy places a strip of white fur on Stan's shoulders. The purple Hare dips an egg in a glass lavender dye and rings the bell. The gray Hare steps up, dips his egg in yellow dye and rings the bell. This continues. Later on, a gavel is sounded and the Hares turn left with lit candles."
Fantastic Easter Special,Pink Hare,"Tonight, we determine if a new member is worthy of protecting the Secret. Bring out... the rabbit."
Fantastic Easter Special,Hares,"Sanctum Piter oteum, Deus ore uneum. Hippitus hoppitus reus homine. In suspiratoreum, lepus in re sanctum. [two Hares carry a white rabbit forward in a gilded cage] Hippitus hoppitus reus Domine. [they set the rabbit before the Pink Hare and everyone genuflects... except for Stan. Randy looks up and has him genuflect as well]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Pink Hare,"All hail the cute rabbit, Snowball!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Hares,Hail Snowball. [all rise as the Pink Hare approaches Stan]
Fantastic Easter Special,Pink Hare,"Stan Marsh, are you ready to hear the secret of Easter?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Yeah.
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Are you sure, son? Once you hear the secret, you will be bound to The Hare Club For Men forever."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Yeah, I wanna know already."
Fantastic Easter Special,Pink Hare,"Very well. At the Last Supper, Jesus Christ met with his 12 Disciples. It was there that- [interrupted by breaking windows and ninjas pouring in]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Gray Hare,They found us! [the other Hares arm themselves]
Fantastic Easter Special,White Hare,"[with rainbow vest] Protect Snowball! [a door is turned down, and a ninja, a monk, and a layman enter the lodge. Another door breaks down and another monk enters with three ninjas]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Brown Hare,"They're everywhere! [Hares and ninja battle each other, killing each other as Stan watches]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"[approaches Stan with Snowball] Come on, we've gotta go! [a ninja spots him and quickly fires an arrow into his left leg. He stumbles] Stan, take Snowball and get out of here!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Where am I supposed to go?
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Just get out of here! [Stan turns around and heads for the entrance. A ninja comes up behind him, but Randy grabs the ninjas leg and holds on, forcing the ninja to fall. The ninja tries to kick Randy off]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Layman,Where is the rabbit?!
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Galveston Lodge, outside. Stan runs into a small woods nearby, but he hears car doors, so he goes back to see what's going on. The ninjas and laymen are rounding up the wounded Hares."
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 6,Where are you taking us?
Fantastic Easter Special,Hare 7,"No! I'm not goin' anywhere! [the layman walks up and shoot him in the head, and he falls.]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Jesus Christ! [a monk has Randy restrained]
Fantastic Easter Special,Layman,"Who did you give the rabbit to?! [slaps Randy, Randy spits back. The layman punches Randy in the stomach and has him rounded up with the others] Search the area! The boy could not have gotten far!"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"Oh no... [looks around, then runs off]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Kyle is at the dining room table doing fingerpaints of Stars of David for Passover. The doorbell rings and he goes to answer it. Stan is at the entrance gasping for air and carrying Snowball. He's a bit unkempt."
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Help.
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,What happened?
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,My Dad's in a rabbit-worshiping cult called the Hare Club For Men they protect the secret of Easter but before they said what it was they were attacked by ninjas and put me in charge of Snowball.
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,...I'm kind of finger painting right now.
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,"[enters anyway] Dude, they took my Dad away. They even shot one of his fellow hares. And now they're after me! [turns around and fires off a few questions] Do you know anything about Easter? What is the connection between Jesus and rabbits and colored eggs?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,"Dude, I'm Jewish. I have no idea."
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"A dark place. Randy is laying on the floor, the arrow removed from his leg. He stirs, coughs, and sits up. He's in an old large jail cell with the surviving Hares"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Nelson. [crawls towards him] Nelson? Nelson, say something."
Fantastic Easter Special,Nelson,[reclining against a cage wall] My legs. I... I think they're broken.
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,"Nelson, do you know where we are? Where did they take us?"
Fantastic Easter Special,Nelson,"Don't know... we traveled for hours... kept blacking out... [coughs. Randy lets go and crawls back, but sees someone standing before him]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Randy,You...
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,"A mansion, night. Stan and Kyle arrive and knock on its front door. A butler answers the door"
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,"Hi, we'd like to speak to a [reads the name from a slip of paper] Professor Teabag? [Stan is still carrying Snowball]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Butler,What is it in regard to? [the professor appears at the far end with a walking stick]
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,The history of Easter.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,"[walks slowly towards the boys] Sorry boys, it's a little late for me to be giving lectures. [turns around and walks away]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Please? Do you know anything about the Hare Club For Men? [the professor stops and turns around]
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,The Keepers? [walks towards them] The Guardians of the Secret?
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,[the butler steps aside] My Dad is in it. This... rabbit is too somehow.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,Come on in. [smiles]
Fantastic Easter Special,Scene Description,Teabag's study. He leads the boys in and begins
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,The Hare Club For Men has been around for centuries. One of its most famous members was Leonardo da Vinci. [on a large widescreen TV is a picture of The Last Supper] Behold the Last Supper. The dinner Christ had with his disciples the night before he was crucified. What food do you see on the table?
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,Just bread...
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,"Really? Look to Jesus's right. [zooms in and pans to the lower left, then zooms in on an oval shape] The food which is a little different color than the others."
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,It kind of looks like... an egg.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,Yes. The egg marks the secret. It lies directly in front of... [zooms out and a bright trace appears around the disciple behind the egg] Saint Peter.
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,Who is Saint Peter?
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,He was the disciple that Jesus made into the first pope.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,"Eggsactly. But there's something the Church didn't tell you. In actuality, Peter wasn't a man at all. Saint Peter... was a rabbit. [the boys say nothing for a few seconds]"
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,[flatly] Peter Rabbit.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,"Of course, the Church wouldn't allow da Vinci to paint Peter as a rabbit, so he painted him as a man, but left clues. Look closely."
Fantastic Easter Special,Kyle,I don't see it.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,Look closelier. [zooms in]
Fantastic Easter Special,Stan,He looks like a guy.
Fantastic Easter Special,Teabag,"Look more closelier. [zooms in further, and a pair of rabbit ears appear on Peter's head] With laser technology we can look beneath the paint, the way da Vinci originally painted it. [Peter disappears from the picture and a white rabbit appears next to the egg which was in front of Peter] That... is Saint Peter. [Stan jumps a bit] The original Pope of Christianity."
