Cow Days,Cartman,"O-kay, I'll get on the bull."
Cow Days,Kyle,"All right! Now, come on! We have to practice!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Kyle walks away. The others watch him.
Cow Days,Stan,[To Cartman.] He really wants those dolls.
Cow Days,Cartman,"I guess, damn!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Tom and Mary have just exited the Chamber of Farts on car 11.
Cow Days,Mary,That ride wasn't very good.
Cow Days,Tom,"Now, Mary, you promised me we'd try to have a good time."
Cow Days,Mary,"You're right. I'm sorry, honey, I'll try and have a good time."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The Cow Memorial. The clock now reads 1:59 p.m., and seven cows stand before the memorial. Two o'clock strikes, and the statue moos twice. The cows answer with two moos of their own. More cows arrive. Meanwhile, at a nearby bar."
Cow Days,Stan,"Alright, this mechanical bull's gonna help you practice for the real thing, Cartman."
Cow Days,Cartman,"Hey, this is sweet."
Cow Days,Kyle,"You gotta try and stay on for ten seconds. Okay, Cartman?"
Cow Days,Cartman,I'll try. Ten seconds is a long time.
Cow Days,Stan,We'll start on the slowest setting and work our way up. Ready? Go.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Kenny presses the switch, and the mechanical bull starts to move."
Cow Days,Cartman,Ye-gah!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The bull throws him off, and he lands in a Zoomin' Pinball machine, face up."
Cow Days,Cartman,Ow!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Cartman shattered the glass, which scatters all around."
Cow Days,Cartman,Son of a bitch!
Cow Days,Stan,How long was that?
Cow Days,Kyle,That wasn't quite ten seconds.
Cow Days,Stan,Damn it!
Cow Days,Scene Description,They all walk over to Cartman.
Cow Days,Stan,"That wasn't ten seconds, Cartman. You have to do better than that."
Cow Days,Cartman,"[Whispering.] You guys, eh seriously, my back!"
Cow Days,Kyle,"Get back on, fat-ass! You have to practice!"
Cow Days,Cartman,[Whispering.] Seriously. Help.
Cow Days,Scene Description,None of the boys step forth to help him.
Cow Days,Cartman,Screw you guys. Hate you guys.
Cow Days,Kyle,"What'd you say, Cartman??"
Cow Days,Cartman,[Whispering.] I hate you guys!
Cow Days,Kyle,I think he said he wants to practice on a real bull.
Cow Days,Cartman,[Whispering.] Hate you guys.
Cow Days,Scene Description,The cows are now pushing the memorial across open fields. It now reads 3 p.m.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Elsewhere, the boys stand next to a rancher who has offered his bull for Cartman to practice on."
Cow Days,Rancher,"Be careful with old Bob here. He ain't much for a-ridin' anymore, but he's all I got."
Cow Days,Kyle,"Well uh, he'll have to do. Cartman has to get some practice with a real bull."
Cow Days,Rancher,"Well, have fun, boys."
Cow Days,Kyle,"Okay, Cartman. You ready?"
Cow Days,Cartman,[Hesitantly.] Nnoo.
Cow Days,Kyle,Open the gate!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Kenny opens it. The bull stands there, then walks out slowly and turns left."
Cow Days,Cartman,"All right, get down. This is my kind of bull-ride."
Cow Days,Kyle,[Whispers to Stan.] That bull sucks! He's not even bucking or anything!
Cow Days,Cartman,"Yeah, this is sweet!"
Cow Days,Stan,What are you going to do?
Cow Days,Kyle,Hit the bull in the balls with a snowball.
Cow Days,Stan,"Oh, yeah. That's a good idea."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Kyle chucks a snowball at the bull's testicles and gets a direct hit. The bull starts bucking, pissed off."
Cow Days,Cartman,Eeyy!
Cow Days,Kyle,That's better.
Cow Days,Stan,"Hold on, Cartman!"
Cow Days,Cartman,"Ey! Seriously, you guys! Do something! Dude, stop this crazy thing!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,The bull throws him off.
Cow Days,Cartman,Mother f-
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Before he can finish, he is thrust into the snow in front of them."
Cow Days,Kyle,"Get up, Cartman! You're still not staying on long enough!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,No response.
Cow Days,Stan,"Come on, Cartman."
Cow Days,Scene Description,No response.
Cow Days,Kenny,"(Oh my God, they've killed Cartman!)"
Cow Days,Kyle,"No he didn't kill him, he's still breathing!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Kyle kicks Cartman.
Cow Days,Kyle,Get up!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Kyle waits a moment, then kicks him again."
Cow Days,Kyle,Get UP!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Cartman stirs, then stands up. He's pale."
Cow Days,Stan,"You okay, dude?"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Cartman says nothing, he sees everything undulate and hears Stan's voice echo."
Cow Days,Stan,"Cartman, hello? Hel-lo?"
Cow Days,Kyle,"Dude, I think we broke him."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Later, at Hell's Pass Hospital, in the waiting area."
Cow Days,Dr. Doctor,"Boys, I'm afraid your fat little friend has suffered head trauma."
Cow Days,Stan,What's the matter with him.
Cow Days,Dr. Doctor,"Well, apparently, he thinks he's a Vietnamese prostitute named Ming Li."
Cow Days,Kyle,..Oh.
Cow Days,Stan,But can he still ride a bull?
Cow Days,Dr. Doctor,What?
Cow Days,Kyle,We need him to win a bull-riding contest so we can get Terrance and Phillip dolls. Can he still do it?
Cow Days,Dr. Doctor,"No, boys! You need to take him home and let him get plenty of sleep."
Cow Days,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor turns and walks away.
Cow Days,Kyle,Damn it!
Cow Days,Scene Description,Now in Cartman's room.
Cow Days,Stan,"Cartman. Cartman, can you hear me?"
Cow Days,Cartman,"Bân xưa, Lee bân xưa! (rough translation: Old friends, Lee old friends!)"
Cow Days,Stan,What?!
Cow Days,Cartman,Boyongture taur lur mahrter.
Cow Days,Stan,"Oh, he's fine, dude."
Cow Days,Kyle,You think?
Cow Days,Cartman,Shunkarah puntaur lah-turi.
Cow Days,Stan,"Oh, yeah, dude. Let's get his ass to the rodeo."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Back at the festivities, the Running of the Cows has ended, and Jimbo is onstage."
Cow Days,Jimbo,"All right, damn it! We're not going to stand for this! Now, whoever stole our golden cow memorial, we're gonna find you and kill you!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,The crowd stands silent.
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Aall right, uhow about this? Whoever took the sacred cow, just please return 'im, and there'll be no questions asked."
Cow Days,Scene Description,Nothing. Jimbo now looks around.
Cow Days,Jimbo,Wait a minute. You folks from out of town. You're the only ones with a reason to take our beloved cow memorial!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"People in the crowd start buzzing, as Officer Barbrady approaches Tom and Mary from behind."
Cow Days,Mary,Where are we going to put a 60-foot tall statue of a cow?
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, I think maybe you'll answer that downtown, tourists."
Cow Days,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady cuffs them both and takes them away.
Cow Days,Mary,Oh my God!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"At the carnival, the boys have returned with Cartman."
Cow Days,Stan,How's he doing?
Cow Days,Kyle,He still thinks he's a Vietnamese prostitute.
Cow Days,Cartman,Pooinshower. Madalen shine debaur. Huelar she mashartah me shur har.
Cow Days,Stan,Do you think he can ride the bull?
Cow Days,Kyle,"Yeah, I think so."
Cow Days,Stan,Cool.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The boys pass by a man in uniform, and his wife."
Cow Days,Cartman,"Hello. Hello, polie. Hello, polie hurrah you soldier boy. Hey, soldier boy!"
Cow Days,Soldier,Huh?
Cow Days,Cartman,Hello? Soldier boy. Me so horny. Me love you long time.
Cow Days,Soldier,"Go away, kid. You're grossing me out."
Cow Days,Cartman,"Hello, puhree! Puhree hello! Hello, sucky-sucky! Hello, puhree!"
Cow Days,Soldier,"Beat it, kid! Come on, honey."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"They walk away, an announcement over the loudspeaker gets the attention of carnival-goers."
Cow Days,Chamber of Farts Operator,"Come one, come all! The Chamber of Farts has been fixed and is reopen!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"A crowd rushes to it, and Cartman is lost among the mass of people."
Cow Days,Stan,"Jesus, dude!"
Cow Days,Kyle,"Hey, where's Cartman?"
Cow Days,Stan,"Oh, hell!"
Cow Days,Kenny,(I don't know where he went!)
Cow Days,Stan,"Kenny, you go find Cartman. We have to go sign him up for the bull ride."
Cow Days,Kenny,(Okay.)
Cow Days,Scene Description,"South Park Police Dept. Tom and Mary are still in jail, shivering and seemingly forgotten."
Cow Days,Tom,"Hoh, it's so cold here."
Cow Days,Mary,Where is that sheriff?! We need water!
Cow Days,Tom,"Oh well, let's try to make the best of it, Mary."
Cow Days,Mary,You're right. We're not being positive. At least we get some time alone.
Cow Days,Tom,"Yeah, and at least we've got our health."
Cow Days,Scene Description,A rat runs by.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Over at a ranch, two ranchers get out of a truck and walk into a field."
Cow Days,Grey Hat,"I tell you, Mitchell, I ain't never seen nothin' like it."
Cow Days,Mitchell,Where are they again?
Cow Days,Grey Hat,Just right up over this ridge.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The ranchers reach the top of the ridge and look out over a large field full of cows gathered around the Cow Memorial, mooing. It is almost 9 a.m."
Cow Days,Grey Hat,"That's what they've been doin' all morning, just sittin' there and mooin'. And more cows come all the time."
Cow Days,Mitchell,"Well, I ain't never seen this before, neither. But I know one thing, when cows start gettin' together, it can't be good. They might start formin' a cult!"
Cow Days,Grey Hat,[Ponders] Hmm. Cow cult.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Back at the carnival, rodeo riders test their skill. One of them loses when his horse throws him off."
Cow Days,Announcer,"The grand-daddy of 'em all, the South Park Cow Days Rodeo! Let's begin the bull-riding event. Grand prize: $5000!"
Cow Days,Stan,"Kenny, where the hell is Cartman?!"
Cow Days,Kenny,"(I don't know, can't find him.)"
Cow Days,Kyle,"He's up in, like, twenty minutes!"
Cow Days,Kenny,"(I know, I know!)"
Cow Days,Cartman,"[Off-camera.] Hello, prease! Hello!"
Cow Days,Stan,[Points to him.] There he is!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Cartman emerges from the crowd, now wearing a hot-pink two piece outfit, orange blush, and an oriental wig."
Cow Days,Cartman,"Fucky-sucky, five dorrah."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Back at the police station, Tom and Mary still sit and wait."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Back on the hill, Jimbo and Ned have joined the two ranchers."
Cow Days,Grey Hat,"Here they are, just like we told you."
Cow Days,Scene Description,Jimbo has had enough of the Cows' shenanigans.
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Okay, that's enough-a that! You cows need to dis-perse! All right, bad cows! Do you hear me? Bad cows!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,The cows are unphased.
Cow Days,Jimbo,"All right, Ned. You're gonna have to bust out the whip!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Ned lashes out his whip which makes a loud crack.
Cow Days,Ned,"Mmmm-gahyah! Git along, little doggies!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"He lashes out again and makes contact with a cow, this causes the herd to move in on him."
Cow Days,Ned,Bad cows stay! Stay!
Cow Days,Scene Description,The cows are pissed. They rush in and trample him into the ground.
Cow Days,Ned,AAAAAH!
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Holy crow! Play dead, Ned!"
Cow Days,Grey Hat,"[Still on the ridge, casually.] I reckon we should get some help."
Cow Days,Mitchell,I reckon.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Back at the rodeo, the boys have Cartman on the bull, ready to ride."
Cow Days,Kyle,"Don't be nervous, Cartman. This is gonna be cake."
Cow Days,Stan,"Yeah, and then those Terrance and Phillip dolls will be ours!"
Cow Days,Cartman,Fucky-sucky five dollah.
Cow Days,Announcer,"Up first, No. 24, Jack McMack!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The crowd cheers, and he removes his hat in appreciation."
Cow Days,Announcer,"Three, two, one."
Cow Days,Scene Description,The the gate opens and Jack goes forth.
Cow Days,Jack,Yeehaw! Yehoo! Yeehaw!
Cow Days,Scene Description,The bull finally throws him off. The crowd is silent and watches him sail through the air.
Cow Days,Jack,Aaaaaaaa!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"He lands, gored by another bull's horns, and dies."
Cow Days,Announcer,"Oooh, that's gonna cost him a point deduction. Up next, number 14, Ming Li!"
Cow Days,Cartman,"Ten dollar? Eight dollar? You give me eight dollar, soldier boy!"
Cow Days,Announcer,Here we go!
Cow Days,Stan,"Dude, I'm having second thoughts about this."
Cow Days,Kyle,What do you mean?
Cow Days,Stan,I'm startin' to think that maybe it's wrong to put someone who thinks they're a Vietnamese prostitute on a bull.
Cow Days,Announcer,Let her go!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The gate thrusts open, and ""Ming Li"" goes forth."
Cow Days,Cartman,Eey! Freline furton! Sucky-sucky!
Cow Days,Kyle,"Hang on, Cartman!"
Cow Days,Announcer,"Wow, and this Vietnamese prostitute can really ride a bull!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Frank Hammond, his, partner, looks bored."
Cow Days,Announcer,"I guess she's had a lot of practice, if you know what I mean."
Cow Days,Scene Description,Frank Hammond simply blinks.
Cow Days,Cartman,Aaah! Ten dorrah!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Still riding the bull, the crowd cheers on."
Cow Days,Cartman,"Ten dollah, soldier boy!"
Cow Days,Announcer,She's setting a new world record!
Cow Days,Scene Description,The crowd jumping up and down begin to chant.
Cow Days,Crowd,Ming Li! Ming Li! Ming Li!
Cow Days,Scene Description,The bull finally bucks Cartman off.
Cow Days,Cartman,Gaaah!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"He ends up in the snow, where the bull comes and kicks him like a football."
Cow Days,Cartman,Heeee!
Cow Days,Stan,"Dude, that bull's gonna kill him."
Cow Days,Kyle,"Go help him, Kenny!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Kenny starts to climb over the fencing into the ring but has second thoughts.
Cow Days,Kenny,"(Huh-uh, I ain't gonna get inside that ring! Aaah!)"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The bull runs through the fence and away, taking Kenny with him. Stan and Kyle watch Kenny disappear."
Cow Days,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Cow Days,Kyle,You bastards!
Cow Days,Scene Description,A rodeo clown picks Cartman up and carries him off.
Cow Days,Announcer,And this brave little whore from the East has really put on a show for us today!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"His partner, rather disgusted, taps his mic until it falls."
Cow Days,Announcer,"The winner of the bull-riding contest, Ming Li!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,The rodeo clown places Cartman in a barrel.
Cow Days,Cartman,"Hey, sucky-sucky? Only ten dollar."
Cow Days,Stan,"We did it, dude, we did it!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Kyle smiles. Elsewhere, the cows are gathered again before the Memorial, about 3 p.m. Behind some large rocks, FBI agents pop up and take aim at the cows."
Cow Days,Agent,"Freeze, cows!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The cows look up, startled."
Cow Days,Agent,The game is over! You will now return to your respective towns!
Cow Days,Scene Description,Jimbo stands next to the agent. The cows ignore them.
Cow Days,Jimbo,"You hear that, cows? You're surrounded! There's no way out!"
Cow Days,Agent,You will now all march in an orderly fashion into this trailer!
Cow Days,Scene Description,Ned opens the back door to the trailer.
Cow Days,Agent,Move!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The cows just look at them, then one of them walks forward and turns left, walking away."
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Hey. Where's she going? That's the wrong way, you stupid cow!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,The cow walks to the edge of a cliff and looks back at them.
Cow Days,Agent,"Oh, dear Jesus, no!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The cow walks off the cliff, where it falls to its death."
Cow Days,Cow,Mooooo!
Cow Days,Jimbo,Nnoo!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The other cows reach the cliff and walk off, one by one."
Cow Days,Jimbo,"They're killing themselves! Stop! Please! Can't we do anything?! Oh, God, the humanity, Ned! The humanity!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Jimbo weeps into his hands.
Cow Days,Agent,This is the first mass cow suicide I've seen in- at least eight months.
Cow Days,Scene Description,"South Park Police Station, Tom and Mary still wait in jail. Back at the carnival, the boys walk over to the Toss-A-Ball."
Cow Days,Toss-A-Ball Operator,"Oh, you boys are back again, huh?"
Cow Days,Stan,Yeah. And we have $5000 this time.
Cow Days,Kyle,How many ball does that get us?
Cow Days,Cartman,[Still Ming Li.] Odline daur shunba shunba?
Cow Days,Toss-A-Ball Operator,"Aw I ah- I tell you what, boys. Uh, I'm gonna be really nice and just- trade you the 5000 for the Terrance and Phillip dolls."
Cow Days,Kyle,You will?
Cow Days,Stan,"Wow, why'd you get so cool all of a sudden?"
Cow Days,Scene Description,The operator starts tossing down the dolls.
Cow Days,Kyle,"We did it! You see, Cartman? You won us the Terrance and Phillip dolls!"
Cow Days,Cartman,Ten dollah? Sucky-sucky?
Cow Days,Kyle,What are we gonna do with them?
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Stan begins to answer but before he can, the head of the Terrance doll which he is holding simply falls off."
Cow Days,Stan,We should-
Cow Days,Scene Description,"He looks down with Kyle at the head on the ground, horrified."
Cow Days,Kyle,..What the-?
Cow Days,Stan,"Dude, these dolls are cheap rip-offs!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,One of the Phillip doll's legs falls off.
Cow Days,Kyle,After all that?! Shenanigans! Shenanigans! SHENANIGANS!
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady, Mr. Garrison, and a small crowd show up."
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,What's all this?
Cow Days,Kyle,"Officer Barbrady, I would like to reinstate my previous Shenanigans! This whole carnival is a rip-off!"
Cow Days,Mr. Garrison,"You know, uh, excuse me, but I agree. These rides are really stupid! Chamber of Farts isn't scary at all!"
Cow Days,Father Maxi,"Yeah, and the food is terrible!"
Cow Days,Chamber of Farts operator,"Hey, it's just a stupid rodeo! What do you expect?"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Everyone starts arguing all at once, except Barbrady and the boys."
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"Ho-kay okay, let's calm down. People of South Park, do you declare Shenanigans on the carnival people?"
Cow Days,Townspeople,Yeah!
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"Okay, carnival people, do you accept this decree of Shenanigans?"
Cow Days,Line ride operator,..What the hell are you talking about?! This whole town is screwy!
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"Well, that settles it! Everybody grab a broom, it's Shenanigans!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"The town cheers, and some of the folks have brooms already. They gang up on the carnival people and beat them all for a long time. Stan and Kyle just watch."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"One in the afternoon. Jimbo, Ned, and some townsfolk are pushing the Cow Memorial back into the carnival area."
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,You found it! You found the memorial!
Cow Days,Jimbo,Yeah.
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,"And the cows? Are they all back, too?"
Cow Days,Jimbo,"They're dead, mayor. They're all dead. [Sobs.]"
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,What?!
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Oho, it was awful! [Weeps.] Cow after cow taking its own life, and we could do nothing to stop them! Oh, God!"
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, perhaps, one day, cows will learn that cults are never a good thing."
Cow Days,Jimbo,"[Still sad.] I hope so, Mayor. I hope so. God I need a cold beer and a burger."
Cow Days,Scene Description,Jimbo hears the commotion from the nearby crowd and perks up.
Cow Days,Jimbo,What's all the ruckus over there?
Cow Days,Scene Description,He sees the townsfolk beating on the carnival people.
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,Sounds like somebody declared Shenanigans!
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Oh, hell, I have to run home and get my broom!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,Back at the police station.
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"All right, you damned carnival people. Into jail with- [Voice wavering.] Oooooh?"
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady notices the remains of Tom and Mary, who are no more. They've died of starvation and the rats have begun eating parts of them."
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Hey, aren't those the people we at first thought took the wooden cow?"
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,[Nervously.] Yeah.
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,Didn't we ever release them?
Cow Days,Jimbo,"Aw, I forgot all about 'em."
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"Uh me, too."
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh my God! Officer Barbrady, ugh, you never had Tom and Mary in this cell."
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,I didn't?
Cow Days,Mayor McDaniels,"No, no. In fact, they never came to South Park. We've never heard of them."
Cow Days,Officer Barbrady,"Ooh, phew, I feel a lot better, then, although I could've swore that I had heard of them and they starved to death in my prison."
Cow Days,Scene Description,The bus stop. Stan and Kyle are swimming in Terrance and Phillip dolls.
Cow Days,Stan,"[With a Terrance doll.] Say, Terrance, let's look for treasuh."
Cow Days,Kyle,"[With a Phillip doll.] Oh. Good idea, Phillip. Let's look for treasuh."
Cow Days,Cartman,"[Arrives, back to normal.] What are you guys doing?"
Cow Days,Stan,"Oh, hey, Cartman. How are you feeling?"
Cow Days,Cartman,"Oh, pretty good, except I had the weirdest dream last night."
Cow Days,Kyle,Really? What about?
Cow Days,Cartman,"Well, I dreamt that I was a poor Vietnamese girl, and then you guys made me ride a big, scary bull, and then Leonardo DiCaprio gave me a spankin' for several hours."
Cow Days,Scene Description,He notices the Terrance and Phillip dolls.
Cow Days,Cartman,"Hey, where did you guys win all those Terrance and Phillip dolls?"
Cow Days,Stan,Oh-h. Nowhere.
Cow Days,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle start giggling.
Cow Days,Cartman,Wait a minute! You guys did make me ride that bull!
Cow Days,Kyle,"No! Cartman, that was just a dream!"
Cow Days,Scene Description,A limousine pulls up and Leonardo DiCaprio is at the window.
Cow Days,Leonardo DiCaprio,"Bye, Ming Li. Thanks again."
Cow Days,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle laugh even harder, as the limo drives off."
Cow Days,Cartman,Oh! Son of a bitch!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,South Park Elementary Cafeteria. While the boys wait in line for their lunches.
Chef Aid,Cartman,"[Singing.] Stinky britches, you got stinky britches Stinky, stinky britches, you got stinky--"
Chef Aid,Kyle,"What the hell are you singing, Cartman?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"This new song by Alanis Morissette. I can’t get it out of my head. Stinky britches, you got stinky britches"
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"[Passes by.] Hello, children. Ready for lunch?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Stinky britches, you got stinky, stinky--"
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, is there a problem?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Yeah, I can’t get this stupid song out of my head."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"""Stinky Britches"" by Alanis Morissette?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Yeah. Stinky, stinky britches"
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Children, did you say hi to Mr. Twig?"
Chef Aid,Mr. Twig,"Hi, boys. How are you?"
Chef Aid,Kyle,When is Mr. Hat coming back?
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,[Pause.] I told you never say his name in my presence.
Chef Aid,Stan,But we hate Mr. Twig. Mr. Twig sucks.
Chef Aid,Kid,Yeah.
Chef Aid,Cartman,"[Quietly to himself.] Stinky britches, you got stinky--"
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"It just so happens that Mr. Twig is far more stable than Mr. Hat could ever be, so he's the better puppet now--"
Chef Aid,Kyle,He'd be better used as a coat rack.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Students begin laughing at a dismayed, offended Garrison."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"[Livid.] How dare you! Come on, Mr. Twig."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison walks off as the boys enter the kitchen.
Chef Aid,Chef,"Hello there, children."
Chef Aid,Boys,"Hey, Chef."
Chef Aid,Cartman,"You got stinky britches, stinky--"
Chef Aid,Chef,What did you say?
Chef Aid,Kyle,He singing some new hit song.
Chef Aid,Chef,"Eric, where did you hear that song?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"It’s all over the place. On the radio, MTV, everywhere."
Chef Aid,Chef,"[Softly.] Well, I'll be sodomized on Christmas."
Chef Aid,Stan,"What, dude?"
Chef Aid,Chef,"Children, I wrote that song 20 years ago."
Chef Aid,Cartman,You wrote it?
Chef Aid,Chef,Yeah. Back when I used to be in the rock business. And now it looks like some big record company has published one of my songs.
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Wow, then you should get money for it!"
Chef Aid,Chef,"Aww, I don't want any money. I just like to see my name on the credits, that's all."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Then we should go to the record company. My dad's a lawyer, dude; he tells me about this stuff all the time."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Well, all right. Maybe I will go. I’ll play them my version of the song."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Capitalist Records, California. Chef is playing his song for the record producer."
Chef Aid,Chef (recording),"Stinky britches, you got those stinky britches."
Chef Aid,Chef,"So you see, Mr. Big record producer, ""Stinky Britches"" was something I wrote several years ago."
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"Hmm… I really so no resemblance between that song and ""Stinky Britches"" by our artist, Alanis Morissette."
Chef Aid,Chef,Huh?
Chef Aid,Kyle,It’s the same goddamn song!
Chef Aid,Chef,"Now, look, I’m trying to be cool about this, but you just can't rip people's music off! It's against the law!"
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,I am above the law!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"His hair falls forward, and he quickly puts it back into place with Spooge hair gel."
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"Mr. Chef, I’m afraid you leave me no alternative. We’re going to sue you."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Sue me?! You stole one of my songs, and you’re gonna sue me?"
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,Yes. I suggest you get a real good lawyer. We’ll have the best in the business.
Chef Aid,Kyle,We’ll get my dad to be Chef’s lawyer!
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Yeah, and he’s Jewish."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's house, Garrison is watching Alanis Morissette's Stinky Britches music video."
Chef Aid,Alanis Morissette,"Stinky, stinky britches, stinky britches"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,A clattering noise is heard.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Twig, is that you?"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison turns off the TV and goes to the kitchen.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Mis-Mr. Twig?
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"He sees a pot of boiling water and approaches it, then lifts the lid. Mr. Twig is floating around, charred."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Aagghh!! Mr. Twig! No!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,He throws the pot to the floor.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Who did this to you, Mr. Twig?! Who?!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Courthouse, Gerald Broflovski is representing the defense, Chef."
Chef Aid,Gerald,"Now, just let me do all the talking, Chef. We’re gonna bring these bastards down."
Chef Aid,Chef,Right.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Judge Moses bangs his gavel.
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,This court is now in session. Who's representing the defense?
Chef Aid,Gerald,"I am, Your Honor. Gerald Broflovski."
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,And representing the prosecution?
Chef Aid,Prosecutor,"I am, Your Honor."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The Prosecutor is none other that Johnnie Cochran, the spectators gasp at this turn of events."
Chef Aid,Gerald,Uh-oh.
Chef Aid,Chef,"Why ""uh-oh""?"
Chef Aid,Gerald,"Chef, that's Johnnie Cochran. He's the guy who knocked O.J. off."
Chef Aid,Chef,Uh-oh.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Meanwhile at Hell's Pass Hospital, Mr. Garrison bursts through the doors of the ER holding Mr. Twig in a blanket."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,I need some help over here! Please help! I think he's got third-degree burns!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Dr. Doctor and his team turn to him, then rush over. The patient sits up and looks."
Chef Aid,Dr. Doctor,Give the child to me.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor takes the bundle and unfurls the blanket. The doctors draw close to look at Mr. Twig.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"[Panicked.] Is he going to be all right, doctor?"
Chef Aid,Dr. Doctor,Uhhh...
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Is he going to live?
Chef Aid,Dr. Doctor,[Slowly.] It's a stick.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"...Dammit, don't give me that medical jargon! Just tell me straight, is he going to be okay?!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Over at Cartman's house, the boys are watching the trial on television."
Chef Aid,Reporter,"And so on this 15th day of what is considered to be the most important trial of the...day, Johnnie Cochran has appeared to defend Capitalist Records. The question now is, will Cochran use his famous ""Chewbacca defense""?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"What's a ""Chewbacca defense""?"
Chef Aid,Kyle,I don't know.
Chef Aid,Stan,That's what Cochran used in the O.J. Simpson trial.
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Goddamn, I hate that Cochran guy! If he was in front of me, I'd be like, ""Hey! You stupid son of a bitch! You-- How... How'd you like me to kick you in the nuts?!"""
Chef Aid,Kyle,"I'm sure that would scare the hell out of him, Cartman."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,In the courtroom.
Chef Aid,Gerald,"...And so, in summation, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you've heard the version of my client's song recorded over twenty years ago. You've heard the exact same song produced by those cheats in the past month. I'd say it's pretty much an open-and-shut case. Make the right decision. Thank you."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,One person claps. Gerald goes back to his table.
Chef Aid,Gerald,[To Chef] We've got 'em.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef grins and gives him a thumbs-up. Judge Moses bangs his gavel.
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,"Mr. Johnnie Cochran, your closing arguments."
Chef Aid,Johnnie Cochran,"Ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury, Chef's attorney would certainly want you to believe that his client wrote ""Stinky Britches"" ten years ago, and they make a good case... hell, I almost felt pity myself. But, ladies and gentlemen, of this supposed jury, I have one, final thing I want you to consider."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Johnnie Cochran walks to a display stand and pulls down the screen.
Chef Aid,Johnnie Cochran,"Ladies and gentleman, this is Chewbacca. Chewbacca is a Wookie from the planet Kashyyyk. But Chewbacca lives on the planet Endor. Now think about that. That does not make sense."
Chef Aid,Gerald,Dammit..!
Chef Aid,Chef,What?
Chef Aid,Gerald,He’s using the Chewbacca defense.
Chef Aid,Johnnie Cochran,"Why would a Wookiee, an 8-foot-tall Wookiee, want to live on Endor with a bunch of 2-foot-tall Ewoks? That does not make sense! But more important, you have to ask yourself: ""What does this have to do with this case?"" Nothing."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Gerald buries his head in his hands, defeated."
Chef Aid,Johnnie Cochran,"Ladies and gentlemen, it has nothing to do with this case! It does not make sense! Look at me, I'm a lawyer defending a major record company, and I'm talkin' about Chewbacca. Does that make sense? Ladies and gentlemen, I am not making any sense! None of this makes sense! And so you have to remember, when you're in that jury room deliberating and conjugating the Emancipation Proclamation... does it make sense? No! Ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury, it does not make sense! If Chewbacca lives on Endor, you must acquit! The defense rests."
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,"[After a long pause.] O-kay, then."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Back at Cartman's house where the boys are watching.
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Wow, he’s good."
Chef Aid,Reporter,"In a teary-eyed courtroom, Johnnie Cochran has just finished his closing arguments, and, as anticipated, he did use the Chewbacca defense."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Courtroom sketches show an angry Chef staring at Gerald, Judge Moses holding his gavel, and Cochran in clown-like attire pointing left."
Chef Aid,Reporter,Whether or it worked... is up to the jury to decide.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Back in the courtroom.
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,How find you the jury?
Chef Aid,Foreman,"We find the defendant, Jerome ""Chef"" McElroy... guilty as charged."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,The spectators gasp again.
Chef Aid,Gerald,Whoops.
Chef Aid,Chef,Whoops?!
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,"Mr. Chef, you have been found guilty of harassing a major company label. The full fee of two million dollars will be handed over within 24 hours."
Chef Aid,Chef,Do I look like I have two million?
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,"Well, you have 24 hours to find it, or else you have to go to jail. For eight million years."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef is shocked. The bailiff whispers into the Judge's ear.
Chef Aid,Bailiff,"Uh, it's actually for four years."
Chef Aid,Judge Moses,"Oh, sorry. You'll got to jail for four years."
Chef Aid,Chef,This can't be happening..!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Cartman's house. All four boys are shocked at the verdict.
Chef Aid,Stan,"Oh, no, dude. Chef's gonna go to jail."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Chef's residence. Everything is being repossessed. Chef is leafing through a ""Memories"" photo album. Mr. Big record producer enters."
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"And that chair, too. I want that chair."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Hey, that's my favorite chair!"
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"You heard the judge. Since you lost the case, I can seize whatever I want to pay my legal fees. Yeah, take that water cooler, too."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Hello there, Chef."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Hey, children."
Chef Aid,Kyle,What's going on?
Chef Aid,Chef,"Children, that record company guy is takin' all my belongings. And if I don't come up with two million, I'm going to jail."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Well, don't worry. We came over to cheer you up."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Yeah. Ready, Cartman?"
Chef Aid,Cartman,Ready.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Cartman removes his jacket and steps forward, in lederhosen. Oompa music plays."
Chef Aid,Cartman,"I will do the German dance for you It's fun and gay and tra-la-la I hope my will enjoy my dance Fiddle-e-aye, fiddle-e-aye ay Would you like some sauerkraut, German boy, German boy? Yes, I'd like some sauerkraut--"
Chef Aid,Chef,"Okay, okay, children, thank you very much. I feel much better."
Chef Aid,Stan,You do?
Chef Aid,Chef,Sure. Just please stop.
Chef Aid,Cartman,[Putting his coat back on.] See? I told you guys it would work.
Chef Aid,Kyle,"What's that, dude?"
Chef Aid,Chef,This? This is my photo album of all my times in the rock business.
Chef Aid,Kyle,Did you ever know any famous people?
Chef Aid,Chef,"Did I? Janis Joplin, The Beatles, Elton John... I got to travel all around the world, hanging out with bands, going to lavish parties, lovin' many, many women."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"One photograph shows Chef laying shirtless on a bed of hay in a lucrative position, with a goat standing next to him. The caption under it reads, ""Germany""."
Chef Aid,Cartman,What's that?
Chef Aid,Chef,Nothing.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef quickly turns the page.
Chef Aid,Chef,Anyway--
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"Take this, too."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Big record producer takes Chef's photo album.
Chef Aid,Chef,Hey! That has no monetary value! What the hell are you taking that for?!
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,I can take whatever I want.
Chef Aid,Chef,But I have 24 hours to come up with your money! That's the law!
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,I am above the law!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Big record producer's hair falls in his face again. He smears it back up with more Spooge.
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,I told you not to mess with me.
Chef Aid,Chef,"That does it. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna raise that two million, but I'm not going to use it to pay you back. I'm going to use it to hire Johnnie Cochran myself and sue you!"
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,[Gasps.] You wouldn’t.
Chef Aid,Chef,Watch me. Now get the fudge out of my house!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's house. Mr. Twig lies in bed, a portrait of Leonardo DiCaprio on the wall."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"I brought you some more juice, Mr. Twig. Are you feeling any better? [Sighs.] I don't know who would want to hurt you like this, but I promise nobody will ever hurt you again, ever. [Senses something wrong.] Mist-Mr. Twig... are you okay? Mist-Mr. Twig..?"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison pulls the covers back.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Aaaggghhh!!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Twig is broken in half!
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Who did this?!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison shouts outside through the bedroom window.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"You won't get away with this, you bastards!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Chef's house, Chef is on the phone."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Okay. Thank you, Mr. Cochran. [Hangs up.] Well, Johnnie Cochran will take my case if I can pay his legal fee, $2 million."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Hey, why don't you ask all those famous people you used to know for money? They're rich."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Oh, they wouldn't remember me. All I did was cook for them."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"You can raise $2 million, dude. We'll help you."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef starts searching his closet for a coat.
Chef Aid,Chef,"I appreciate that, children, but raising $2 million is not an easy thing to do."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef finds the coat he's looking for.
Chef Aid,Chef,My only hope is to whore myself to every woman in town.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,The boys Chef as he goes to the front door.
Chef Aid,Chef,"Wish me luck, children."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"He leaves, closing the door."
Chef Aid,Stan,"We've gotta help him, dude."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Yeah, b-but how?"
Chef Aid,Stan,Come on. Maybe those rock stars will remember Chef. Let's go pay them a visit!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Live-action footage show an American Airlines plane taking off.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Somewhere in England. The boys, with Cartman carrying a box of candy, are approaching a mansion."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Whoa, dude, this house is huge."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Yeah, it's bigger than Cartman's ass."
Chef Aid,Cartman,"No, it isn't, you guys."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,They ring the doorbell.
Chef Aid,Butler,Can I help you?
Chef Aid,Cartman,"We're trying to raise money for our friend, Chef."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Cartman rifles through the box of candy.
Chef Aid,Cartman,Would you like a Moon Crunchie or a Snacky Cake?
Chef Aid,Kyle,Are you Elton John?
Chef Aid,Bulter,"No, I’m one of his butlers."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Oh. Then what the hell are we talking to you for? Come on, guys."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"They go inside and find him in his closet, dressed in a 1970's concert outfit, with star shaped glasses."
Chef Aid,"Hi, are you Elton John?",Dialog
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Sir Elton John. I was knighted, you know."
Chef Aid,Kyle,We're trying to raise money for our school chef.
Chef Aid,Cartman,We have Chocolate Nuggies and S'more Crunchies...
Chef Aid,Elton John,"I'm sorry, but I'm not a big candy bar fan."
Chef Aid,Cartman,What?!
Chef Aid,Stan,Could you just buy a couple anyway? Our friend Chef is really--
Chef Aid,Elton John,Chef? You mean Chef-Chef?
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Yeah, dude."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Wow, you remember him?"
Chef Aid,Elton John,Of course. I haven't seen him for so long. I remember when I first met him. It was about 25 years ago.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Flashback, 1973, ""The Small Bar""."
Chef Aid,Elton John,I was a struggling musician who couldn't get a break.
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Oh, oh, you're my cheddar cheese girl You're soft but firm, and you go well with wine. Oh oh, cheddar cheese girl Cheddar, cheddar cheese girl"
Chef Aid,Man,Boo!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The audience starts throwing food and bottles at him, he goes backstage."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Hey, Elton, don't feel so down, baby. Have some of my Scottish haggis. It'll cheer you up."
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Thanks, Chef. I just don't understand what my music is missing."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Look, Elton, you are a great singer, but a retarded monkey could write better lyrics."
Chef Aid,Elton John,"I really thought I had it this time with ""Cheddar Cheese Girl""."
Chef Aid,Chef,What you need is a guy to write really good lyrics for you. I know a guy named Bernie Taupin who's working at Moth Burger right now. I'll give him a call.
Chef Aid,Elton John,That's a great idea!
Chef Aid,Chef,"And, Elton, why don't you get yourself some new threads? You know, some slick glasses and shit."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Back in the present.
Chef Aid,Elton John,"And so I got Bernie to write my lyrics. And if it wasn't for Chef, I would never have had a career in music."
Chef Aid,Stan,So will you buy some of our candy bars to help him out?
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Yes, of course. I'll buy three Crispy Yum Yums."
Chef Aid,Cartman,Three Crispy Yum Yums.
Chef Aid,Stan,"Hey, Elton, if I give you these lyrics, will you write a song for my girlfriend, Wendy?"
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Sure, kid. But I would retain exclusive worldwide rights, [Rushing.] including-but-not-limited-to-Asian-territories, with-a-twenty-percent-commission-from-all-domestic-sales, and-sole-ownership-of-any-and-all-publishing."
Chef Aid,Stan,[Unsure.] 'Kay.
Chef Aid,Elton John,Tell Chef I said hi.
Chef Aid,Stan,"Thanks, dude."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Dude, we'll have Chef's $2 million in no time!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, Chef is in bed with Sheila who is having a post-coitus cigarette."
Chef Aid,Sheila,"Oy..! Thank you, Chef."
Chef Aid,Chef,"No problem, Ms. Broflovski. Uhh, now, about that hundred bucks?"
Chef Aid,Sheila,"Oh, of course!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,She reaches into a drawer and hands him the money.
Chef Aid,Sheila,Here you go.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef gets up to go.
Chef Aid,Sheila,Leaving so soon?
Chef Aid,Chef,I have a loooooong way to go to raise the kind of money I need.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef leaves.
Chef Aid,Sheila,"Well, best of luck to you, then."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Gerald walks in excited.
Chef Aid,Gerald,"How was it, honey?"
Chef Aid,Sheila,Pretty much what I expected.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The boys stand before another house, and Kyle knocks. The boys now pull a red cart with a large cardboard thermometer demonstrating how much they've raised. The door opens."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Hello, are you Meat Loaf?"
Chef Aid,Meat Loaf,Yeah. What the hell do you want?
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Mr. Loaf, we are selling candy bars for our dying friend."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"He’s not dying, Cartman!"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"[Whispers.] Shut your goddamn mouth. [To Meat Loaf.] We have Nilla Crunchies, Berry Bars--"
Chef Aid,Meat Loaf,What's this for?
Chef Aid,Stan,"Our friend, Chef."
Chef Aid,Meat Loaf,Chef's in trouble?
Chef Aid,Kyle,Yeah. Do you know him?
Chef Aid,Meat Loaf,Do I?
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Flashback, The Pit. ""Now Performing: Cous-Cous""."
Chef Aid,Cous-Cous,Nobody came again.
Chef Aid,Chef,"There, there, Cous-Cous. It'll be all right. Maybe you just need to change your image."
Chef Aid,Cous-Cous,What do you mean?
Chef Aid,Chef,"Nobody wants to see a guy named Cous-Cous. You need a big, strong beefy name."
Chef Aid,Cous-Cous,"Beefy? Like, uhh… Tri-tip!"
Chef Aid,Chef,"That's not bad. Here, have some meat loaf."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Back to present day.
Chef Aid,Meat Loaf,I owe everything to Chef.
Chef Aid,Stan,Wow! So you'll help him?
Chef Aid,Meat Loaf,You bet. Give me a box of Nilla Yum Yums and a couple of Berry Bars.
Chef Aid,Boys,Cool!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Crabtree residence. Chef is in bed with Veronica Crabtree.
Chef Aid,Veronica Crabtree,"All right, let's get this show on the road! Come here, baby!"
Chef Aid,Chef,"Uh-uh, hold on a second, Veronica Crabtree. How would you like to use some... sex toys?"
Chef Aid,Veronica Crabtree,Sex toys? Like what?
Chef Aid,Chef,Like this very special device.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef brings out a brown paper sack.
Chef Aid,Chef,"I call it ""Chef’s pleasure bag""."
Chef Aid,Veronica Crabtree,How does it work?
Chef Aid,Chef,"Now, all you do is put this paper bag over your head, and it increases your sexual pleasure."
Chef Aid,Veronica Crabtree,"Really? Well, hell, let's give it a shot."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"She drops a bit, and Chef places the bag on her head."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Ahh, yeah. That's much better."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, when the boys meet Rick James at his residence."
Chef Aid,Rick James,Sure. I'll do anything for Chef. Give me a box of those Choco-Numbers.
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Gosh, thanks, Rick James."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Yeah, thanks. [To Kyle as they walk away.] That’s $35. Come on, you guys, we've gotta hurry and give this money to Chef!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,[City Hall. Chef and Mayor McDaniels are in her bed.
Chef Aid,Mayor McDaniels,"Ohh, that was wonderful, Chef. Good show."
Chef Aid,Chef,[Exhausted.] I can't keep doing this. It's killing me.
Chef Aid,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh, come on, buck up, little fella."
Chef Aid,Chef,I'm serious! I'm not gonna make it.
Chef Aid,Mayor,"Sure you are, Chef. I'll give a hundred more for another romp."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef collapses to the floor.
Chef Aid,Mayor McDaniels,"Aw, hell!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's house, Officer Barbrady enters."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you for coming, Officer Barbrady."
Chef Aid,Officer Barbrady,What's this all about?
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"These pictures just arrived. [Opens envelope.] I set up a camera, and caught Mr. Twig's assailant red-handed. [Pulls out the pictures.] Now, go arrest him!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady looks at them, then at Garrison. Garrison looks at them, then softly."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,What?
Chef Aid,Officer Barbrady,Can I go now?
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Yes—Yes, I’m sorry."
Chef Aid,Officer Barbrady,[Leaves.] Weirdo.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,[Examining the pictures] It can't be. These can't be right.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison walks to the guest closet and opens the door. He looks inside, and gasps loudly."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Mr. Hat!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Chef's house. With three police cars already there, the boys arrive just in time. Inside, Chef is being cuffed by two police officers."
Chef Aid,Stan,Wait! Wait! What are you doing?
Chef Aid,Chef,"It's over, children. I couldn't raise the $2 million to hire Johnnie Cochran. Now I have to go to jail."
Chef Aid,Stan,"No, you don't!"
Chef Aid,Chef,Huh?
Chef Aid,Kyle,We went to a bunch of rock stars and sold them candy bars to raise the money you needed.
Chef Aid,Chef,Did what?! Wow! How much did you make?
Chef Aid,Kyle,Cartman?
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Cartman is standing by the wagon with the cardboard thermometer of their earnings.
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Well, you can see here that we raised approximately $95, falling well short of our $2 million goal illustrated hyeeah."
Chef Aid,Chef,[Dejected.] Oh.
Chef Aid,Kyle,But we can put our money together with the money you made whoring yourself to all the women. How much did you make?
Chef Aid,Chef,"I made about $410,300, but--"
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"That doesn't matter, because that money belongs to me!"
Chef Aid,Stan,You can't take Chef's money! It's illeg--!
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,I am above the law!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"His hair falls into his face again, which he quickly fixes."
Chef Aid,Officer,"All right, you, it's time to go."
Chef Aid,Chef,"Goodbye, children. Thanks for all your help."
Chef Aid,Officer,Let's go.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,The officer hits Chef with a baton.
Chef Aid,Chef,Ow! What the hell did you do that for?!
Chef Aid,Officer,"I don't tell you how to do your job, don't tell me how to do mine."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The officers lead him out, continuing to hit him."
Chef Aid,Chef,Ow! Ow!
Chef Aid,Kyle,Dude... Chef is gone.
Chef Aid,Stan,No more Chef.
Chef Aid,Cartman,[Voice breaking.] No more Salisbury steak and... pecan pie. [He starts sobbing.]
Chef Aid,Stan,"We can't let him down, you guys."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Dude, it's over. He's gone."
Chef Aid,Stan,No! Chef wouldn't give up on us. How many times has Chef gotten us out of trouble?
Chef Aid,Cartman,Four.
Chef Aid,Kyle,But what are we gonna do?
Chef Aid,Stan,"It's easy, dude. Chef Aid."
Chef Aid,Kyle,Chef Aid?
Chef Aid,Stan,"Yeah. We set up a stage, and have Cartman do the German Dance. Then we charge people for tickets."
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Hey, that's a great idea!"
Chef Aid,Cartman,Yeah!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's house. He paces back and forth in front of Mr. Hat. Mr. Garrison is in his underwear, Mr. Hat is seated in the armchair."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Did you think I would just take you back? Like you can just, walk out and then, come back like nothing happened? Oh, don't look at me like that, Mr. Hat. Remember, you're the one that left."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison grabs him.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,I'm not going to take you back.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,He takes Mr. Hat to his front door and throws him into the street.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,You can just go to hell! You go to hell and you die!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,He walks out into the street.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"You are a lying bowl of turd, Mr. Hat!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's neighbors begin to congregate.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"...I hope you starve, you lousy son of a bitch!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison notices the crowd watching him. Officer Barbrady walks up to him.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,What are you all looking at? This is just between me and Mr. Hat.
Chef Aid,Dr. Doctor,"It's over, Mr. Garrison. This is it. We had enough."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,What do you mean?
Chef Aid,Barbrady,"I'm afraid it's the big house for you, fruitcake."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,What? Jail?
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The boys have set up a very small stage upon which a banner reads, ""Chef Aid"". Cartman is back to his song and dance."
Chef Aid,Cartman,I will do the German dance for you It's fun and gay and tra-la-la
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"A couple approaches the stand, bewildered."
Chef Aid,Cartman,"I hope my will enjoy my dance,"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,The couple leave.
Chef Aid,Cartman,"Fiddle-e-aye, fiddle-e-aye ay"
Chef Aid,Kyle,Hmm... This isn't going over so well.
Chef Aid,Stan,"[To Kyle.] Cartman just needs to put more into it. [To Cartman] Dance better, Cartman!"
Chef Aid,Cartman,"[Faster.] Would you like sauerkraut, German boy, German boy? Yes, I'd like some sauerkraut, Fräulein Setski."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,A white limousine pulls up.
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Howdy ho, boys."
Chef Aid,Stan,Elton John! What are you doing here?
Chef Aid,Elton John,It occurred to me that you might need some more help raising money for Chef.
Chef Aid,Stan,"Boy, do we!"
Chef Aid,Elton John,"So I called a few friends, and we all decided to come over."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,More limos quickly arrive.
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Wow, cool!"
Chef Aid,Elton John,I see you've got a stage all set up for us.
Chef Aid,Stan,"Yeah, dude, it's all yours."
Chef Aid,Elton John,"Then, let’s rock and roll! Or something similar."
Chef Aid,Cartman and Kenny,Hooray!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,South Park Police Dept. Chef and Garrison now share the same cell.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"...And Mr. Twig is at home, he has no idea Mr. Hat is even back. I mean, I care a lot about Mr. Twig, but Mr. Hat and I have so much history."
Chef Aid,Chef,"You finally snapped, huh, Garrison?"
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,What?
Chef Aid,Chef,"Don't you get it, Garrison? It's all you! You're Mr. Hat and Mr. Twig! You've got split personality schizophrenic jeebies."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"[Pause.] I warn you, Chef, don't even think of taking advantage of me in this prison cell."
Chef Aid,Chef,What?!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Chef Aid. The stage is now larger, and has a PA system, drums, floodlights, and spotlights."
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"Okay, thanks for coming to Chef Aid, everybody! Are you ready to rock 'n' roll?!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Five people in the audience stand around, motionless."
Chef Aid,Teen MC,Whoo!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,No response.
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"All right, let's get things going with... Rancid! [Moves offstage and squeaks.] Ran-cid!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Rancid takes the stage.
Chef Aid,Rancid,California sun has sunk
Chef Aid,Scene Description,The five people in the audience immediately jump up and down very rapidly.
Chef Aid,Rancid,"Behind the Anaheim Hills, here it comes tonight"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Lots of people start purchasing tickets.
Chef Aid,Rancid,I was hiiiiiigh on junk--
Chef Aid,Scene Description,South Park Police Dept. A short while later.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"[Emotionless.] You're still aren't entertaining ideas of raping me in this prison cell, are you, Chef?"
Chef Aid,Chef,"No, Garrison! Shut the hell up!"
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,That's good.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Something pulls the cell wall apart, and the window falls, leaving a large opening."
Chef Aid,Chef,What the?
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, boy, we're free!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison and Chef walk out to a truck.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, what a daring rescue."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,He opens the driver's door.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Hat! Mr. Hat saved us, Chef!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Chef is confused.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Come on, let's get in the truck! I'll drive from here, Mr. Hat."
Chef Aid,Chef,How the hell did he reach the gas pedal?
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Chef Aid. Rick James has just ended a song. The group is now a large, cheering crowd."
Chef Aid,Rick James,[Vocalizing] Mmmmm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mmmm
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"Rick James, ladies and gentlemen!"
Chef Aid,Rick James,"God bless you, Chef!"
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"And now here's your favorite band, Primus! Whoo!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Primus is on stage in large duck outfits.
Chef Aid,Les Claypool,"We're damned proud to be here to support our good buddy, Chef. It was Chef who told us in the early days, to keep trying and to keep pursuing our dreams, no matter how much we sucked. I love that man."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Primus begins to play. Someone holds up a poster saying, ""We Love Chef"". Mr. Mackey is being crowd surfing atop the crowd."
Chef Aid,Mr. Mackey,Whooaa..!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Big record producer walks up to the boys.
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,What are you bastards doing?
Chef Aid,Kyle,We are raising money so that Chef can hire Johnnie Cochran to sue you!
Chef Aid,Cartman,Yeah! Now get out of here before I kick you in the nuts!
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,"Oh, yeah? We’ll just see about this!"
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"And now, here’s Joe Strummer! Whoo!"
Chef Aid,Joe Strummer,"You know, when The Clash were on tour and we lost the beat, Chef would be like at the side of the stage going, ""Don't forget, pump your loins, children."" You know, that was like his motto or something."
Chef Aid,Teen MC,Whoo!
Chef Aid,Joe Strummer,"Well, it's a rockin' world Make no mistake about it"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison and Chef pull up.
Chef Aid,Joe Strummer,It's a shocking world
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Chef exits, surprised."
Chef Aid,Joe Strummer,Could be what's so great about it It's a rockin' world...
Chef Aid,Chef,What the hell is this?
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The music stops, and the crowd turns to face him."
Chef Aid,Everyone,"Welcome to Chef Aid, Chef!"
Chef Aid,Stan,"Wow! How'd you get out of jail, Chef?"
Chef Aid,Chef,"Mr. Hat busted me out. Children, did you do this?"
Chef Aid,Kyle,"Well, we helped."
Chef Aid,Stan,"We’re gonna raise your money, Chef."
Chef Aid,Chef,I don’t believe it!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Big record producer crawls under the stage with a saw.
Chef Aid,Mr. Big record producer,We’ll just see how long this Chef Aid thing lasts.
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"He starts sawing at one of the stage supports, laughing cruelly."
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"And now, here he is TV's Ozzy Osbourne!"
Chef Aid,Ozzy Osbourne,"We're all here to help our good friend, Chef, who has touched our lives in the past."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Johnnie Cochran is now in the crowd listening.
Chef Aid,Ozzy Osbourne,"I remember when I was just starting out, Chef suggested I buy a pompadour hat. I thought he said, ""Bite the head off a bat"", so I did. And the rest, oh, it's just history. Now, let's go crazyyy!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Music starts and crowd roars.
Chef Aid,Ozzy Osbourne,Ain't nowhere to run!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Mr. Big record producer is still sawing.
Chef Aid,Ozzy Osbourne,Ain't nowhere to hide!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,Ozzy picks up Kenny and bites into his head.
Chef Aid,Ozzy Osbourne,Aarrggghhh!!!
Chef Aid,Kenny,"(All right dude, let me go now!)"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Ozzy looks up with a bloody mouth, and Kenny's head is missing. The music dies down."
Chef Aid,Stan,"Oh, my God! Ozzy Osbourne bit Kenny’s head off!"
Chef Aid,Kyle,You bastard!
Chef Aid,Teen MC,And now here’s Ween!
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"The crowd cheers. The band members, Dean and Gene are wearing ""I'm in Ween"" tees."
Chef Aid,Dean Ween,We're thrilled to be part of Chef Aid.
Chef Aid,Gene Ween,Chef was the guy who told us to do a country album.
Chef Aid,Dean Ween,"No, dude, that was Steve's idea."
Chef Aid,Gene Ween,Oh. Then who's Chef?
Chef Aid,Dean Ween,"I don't know, dude. I thought you knew him."
Chef Aid,Gene Ween,"Oh, well. Anyways, here's our song!"
Chef Aid,Ween,Many colors in the homo rainbow Don't be afraid to let your colors shine shiiiiiiiiiiine
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Out in the crowd, Mr. Garrison has both Mr. Hat, and Mr. Twig."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"Don't worry, Mr. Twig. Even though Mr. Hat rescued me from prison, I'm still going to stick with you."
Chef Aid,Mr. Twig,[In a French accent.] Did you love him?
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,It doesn't matter. He left me.
Chef Aid,Mr. Twig,Did you love him?
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,Yes.
Chef Aid,Mr. Twig,Then run to him.
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,But I feel like I'm making the wrong decision.
Chef Aid,Mr. Twig,"Love isn't a decision, it’s a feeling. If we could decide who we love, it would be much simpler, but much less magical."
Chef Aid,Mr. Garrison,"I'll never forget you, Mr. Twig. Thank you."
Chef Aid,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison tosses Mr. Twig away, and pulls out Mr. Hat, and smiles."
Chef Aid,Teen MC,"And now, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Elton John! Whoo!"
Chef Aid,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
