Ginger Cow,Scene Description,"A synagogue, day. Kyle is pleading his case with the rabbis"
Ginger Cow,Kyle,"Please, you have to listen to me! The prophecy actually did come true!"
Ginger Cow,Rabbi 3,No it di'n't.
Ginger Cow,Kyle,Yes! It did!
Ginger Cow,Rabbi 1,The prophecy was that a fat boy with a small penis would one day decorate a cow to look ginger. We should have known a prophecy like this... was too impossible to ever come to be.
Ginger Cow,Kyle,"But that is what happened! It is! Tell them, Cartman!"
Ginger Cow,Cartman,"No, Kyle, you were right. I see now that little lies can cause huge problems."
Ginger Cow,Kyle,But it's the truth!
Ginger Cow,Cartman,"No, it's not, Kyle. I have a huge dick."
Ginger Cow,Rabbi 1,"Sorry boys, but we've gotta get to our fight. There's a rumble at the Wailing Wall. [brings out a switchblade. Rabbi 2 has a shot gun, while rabbi 3 carries a bat]. They leave, and Kyle turns around"
Ginger Cow,Kyle,Ssso it was all for nothing. The whole time I was... eating farts for nothing.
Ginger Cow,Cartman,"Cheer up, Kyle. I'm sure this isn't the first time someone who thought they were suffering for humanity was actually just sucking farts. Hey. How about we get a little dessert, help cheer you up? [puts his hand on his ass and farts on it, then puts whipped cream on it, with a cherry on top, and smothers it on Kyle's face. He then walks away. A few seconds later, the cherry falls off]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. It's looking mighty impressive now. A large banner for Black Friday, November 29, hangs high above the main entrance. Winter is coming. A senior security guard paces back and forth while briefing the other guards about Black Friday madness."
Black Friday,Guard 1,"The holiday season... is here, and Black Friday... is upon us. As you know, black Friday is the day shoppers go berserk for holiday deals. Last year, 26 people died, and 461 were seriously injured. [stops by a guard who lost his right arm, puts his right arm on the guard's left shoulder and closes his eyes for a moment, then moves on] This winter the mall is offering 80% off to the first thirty people in the store. [The guards shout out various responses] For you new recruits, perhaps you took this job to see just what the violence was like. [a closeup of a guard without a chin] Or perhaps you thought workin' Black Friday wouldn't be a big deal. [looks at Randy, who just smiles innocently]"
Black Friday,Randy,I'm just trying to earn some extra holiday cash.
Black Friday,Guard 1,[ominously] Or maybe you're just too stupid to realize what you've gotten yourselves into.
Black Friday,Chief of Security,"That's enough! [the other guards turn to see him, an old guard with a scar over his left eye, and his back to them] Our only chance of surviving this year's sale is by sticking together! Those of you who signed up are to be... commended. [turns around] But I warn you: do not underestimate the battle that's about to take place outside those doors! [the other guards stay silent, and he turns towards the front entrance.] Winter is coming."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Neighborhood, day. Cartman the Wizard walks down the sidewalk and on to Kenny's house. He knocks three times with his walking stick, and Kenny opens the door."
Black Friday,Cartman,"Good evening, sir. I'm calling together all the fighters of Zauron. I need to speak with Lady McCormick."
Black Friday,Kenny,[looks around the living room] (She's not here right now.)
Black Friday,Cartman,"Please tell her there is to be a meeting in the Great Hall. I have found a way to get XBox Ones, and the fair Lady McCormick will want to hear about it."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"The Great Hall, day. A bunch of boys in costumes are downstairs in Cartman's basement. As the boys talk amongst themselves, Cartman calls the meeting to order with three taps from his walking stick."
Black Friday,Cartman,"Thank you all for coming. Prince Token, Sir Timmy of Blacklake, Lady McCormick [Kenny plays with the hair on his wig and mumbles coyly]. Warriors, we have fought many great battles together. At Clyde's house. At Scott Malkinson's house. But soon we will be fighting the greatest battle of our young hot lives. Winter is coming, and the next gen gaming devices are hitting the shelves."
Black Friday,Clyde,Which nobody can afford.
Black Friday,Cartman,What if I were to tell you that if we all worked together there's a way we can get the new gaming system.
Black Friday,Token,"If you know of a way, wizard, then speak."
Black Friday,Cartman,"I have learned of a dark magic at work. The day after Thanksgiving, the first thirty people inside the mall get 80% off whatever they want. They are calling it... Black Friday."
Black Friday,Butters,"Woo, spooky."
Black Friday,Craig,"Black Friday? Come on, that can't be real."
Black Friday,Cartman,"It is real, Craig! I saw it on the news, butthole!"
Black Friday,Stan,[stands on his chair] It is real. They do it every year. But everyone in town tries to be the first inside the mall on Black Friday. What chance do we have?
Black Friday,Cartman,"On our own, none. But if we plan, strategize, and fight together! [pounds the table with his left fist] ...We can be the first people inside on Black Friday. And use the 80% to get the gaming system we need to survive."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"A news show, with a female anchor and a male anchor."
Black Friday,Male anchor,"Well it's almost Thanksgiving, and we all know what that means."
Black Friday,Female anchor,That's right. Black Friday is right around the corner.
Black Friday,Male anchor,Ouch.
Black Friday,Female anchor,And people are already gearing up. [cut to shoppers]
Black Friday,Shopper 1,"[obese man with only one tooth] We usually start linin' up around 3 am. We uh douse ourselves in pig blood, because it does help us slip through the crowd when the doors open."
Black Friday,Shopper 2,"[with his family] We do it every year, part of the family tradition. Last year we lost our youngest daughter. Her head was stepped on and crushed, but, in her memory, we're going to find a young girl and step on her head this year."
Black Friday,Shopper 3,"[an angry obese woman with two fat kids behind her] If anyone thinks they're gonna beat me inside that mall, and keep me from gettin' [points to her younger kid] my kids Christmas presents, they can kiss my fat vagina, 'cause I'm bringin' the motherfuckin' pain! [bares her teeth]"
Black Friday,Reporter,"Tom, the South Park Mall says they've beefed up security in an effort to reduce the number of fatalities this year. One thing's for sure, people take Black Friday very seriously."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The segment begins with a grinder honing a wooden sword. Panning out, Scott Malkinson is shown operating the grinder for Jimmy, who's waiting on his sword. Scott finishes and hands the sword to Jimmy, who begins to wield it. Other boys, including Stan and Kyle, are paired off and shown sparring with their swords. Tweek and Token try their hands at archery, trying to strike dummies with arrows."
Black Friday,Cartman,"[walking around, surveying his knights] Yes. Yes, very nice. Good."
Black Friday,Butters,"[runs up with a sheet of paper and hands it to Cartman] Wizard Cartman! I have news from the Internet, my lord! [salutes with his left hand]"
Black Friday,Cartman,"[flatly, but sternly] They don't salute in Game of Thrones, Butters."
Black Friday,Butters,"[lowers his hand] Uh, sorry, I haven't watched it yet."
Black Friday,Cartman,"Okay, we need to start immediately, please. [clears his throat and reads] Ah, very good. The House of Greyhawk has agreed to join our fight!"
Black Friday,Stan,The House of Greyhawk?
Black Friday,Kyle,Larry and Brad Stoltsky
Black Friday,Cartman,"But my friends, we must still find others who will fight by our side! Are there no other factions we can call to our aid?"
Black Friday,Clyde,"[raises his left hand] Hey yeah, I know. [lowers it] How about we ask those kids who play Star Trek?"
Black Friday,Cartman,"Uhh noo! Screw those guys. They're dorks, and I'm not playing with them."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. Under cloudy skies, a lone guard sits near the entrance, drinking from a metal flask."
Black Friday,Randy,"[walks up] Hey, [notices the flask] that's what I'm talkin' about. You got any extra of that? [the guard shares his flask] Oh, thanks! [sits down near the guard] Gets a little boring around here, you know? [takes a swig from the flask]"
Black Friday,Guard 2,Enjoy the boredom while you can.
Black Friday,Randy,So you worked here last winter? You worked on Black Friday? [hands the flask back to the guard]
Black Friday,Guard 2,I did.
Black Friday,Randy,Is it really as bad as they say it is?
Black Friday,Guard 2,"The shoppers... Hm... They started showing up at midnight on Thursday... They... didn't line up, they just crammed themselves near the main entrance... I can see their faces smooshed up against the glass, licking their lips, waiting to get in... God, the sounds that they made... It was 5 am when they opened the doors... There was screaming... blood... people... tearing each other's faces off while holiday music played in the background... I saw a woman... pick up her daughter by the ankle and swing her into some old guy's head... Before I knew it they were all around me... fighting, clawing. Then a hand reached in and pulled me out. Old Cap. He saved us all that day. [A shot of the chief of security] When it was over... the front of the mall was... covered in red. Bodies... shopping bags... [a shot of the banner again] And now winter comes again. [after a few seconds of reflection, he quickly drinks the rest of the flask]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. Cartman and Butters are walking"
Black Friday,Butters,"Well Wizard Cartman, I started watching Game of Thrones."
Black Friday,Cartman,"Ah yes, Paladin Butters, are you enjoying it?"
Black Friday,Butters,"Well it's it's pretty good, I guess, but have you ever noticed that almost every time they show a guy's wiener, that guy's character is gay?"
Black Friday,Cartman,What do you mean?
Black Friday,Butters,"Well ih-it's just that they have a lot of girls' boobs and vagina's and stuff, but most times they show a man's wiener, it's because that guy's in a love scene with another guy. Do you think it's because gay wieners are less threatening to women viewers?"
Black Friday,Cartman,"Iiii believe you might be missing the greater point of the show, Paladin Butters."
Black Friday,Butters,"Yeah, I know. Winter is comin' and there's dragons and zombies on the way. I'm pretty excited for that. Just could do with a little less gay wiener is all."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, evening. The boys are back practicing their swordplay. Cartman and Butters step through the sliding door onto the yard"
Black Friday,Cartman,We have word from the kindergartners. They've agreed to join us! [the boys cheer this good news]
Black Friday,Kyle,Those XBox Ones are as good as ours!
Black Friday,Boys,Yeah!
Black Friday,Craig,"Wait, wait. What are you talking about, XBox Ones? [everyone's smiles vanish]"
Black Friday,Cartman,"That's what this is all about, Craig. We're all trying to get XBox Ones on Black Friday."
Black Friday,Craig,I thought we were getting Playstation 4's.
Black Friday,Cartman,[chortles] What?
Black Friday,Jimmy,M ma um m-me too.
Black Friday,Cartman,"...Nnnoo. Guys, when I said we're gonna get the next gen gaming systems, I was obviously talking about XBoxes."
Black Friday,Kyle,Yeah.
Black Friday,Jimmy,"Eh but I want a PS4, not a crappy XBox."
Black Friday,Kyle,"Look, guys, we all have to agree on one system."
Black Friday,Cartman,That's right.
Black Friday,Kyle,"If some of us are on PS4s, but the rest of us are on XBox's, then we all can't play together online. See? This is all about committing to one machine."
Black Friday,Craig,Right. Let's all get PS4s.
Black Friday,Kyle,"[taken aback] No, the XBox's are gonna be better."
Black Friday,Tweek,"They're not better, they're just more expensive."
Black Friday,Cartman,"We are getting XBox Ones, guys! And that is final!"
Black Friday,Craig,[angrily] That's exactly how XBox people are!
Black Friday,Jimmy,Yeah!
Black Friday,Cartman,"Fine! If you guys don't wanna join us on Black Friday to get XBoxes, then that's fine!"
Black Friday,Craig,"We're still gonna fight on Black Friday, just not with you!"
Black Friday,Cartman,"[thinks for a moment] Oh, it's gonna be like that, is it?!"
Black Friday,Craig,"Everyone who wants to get PS4s, join with us! [Fosse joins Craig and Tweek, followed soon after by Jimmy and two other boys. Bill and Jason join them as well, while Scott joins the XBox group]"
Black Friday,Kyle,"No! We can't divide like this! [Stan leaves the XBox group] Stan? [Stan turns around] You're on our side, right?"
Black Friday,Stan,I like the PS4's controller better.
Black Friday,Kyle,"[stunned, then] Stan, the PS4 doesn't have the seamless transition between games, movies, and TV offered by XBox One."
Black Friday,Stan,"[tears welling up] The PS4 has a touchpad interface. You never listened. I told you I thought the PS4 was better, but you never wanted to listen to me, Kyle. You just had your head so set because... [gets mad] because that's how XBox people are."
Black Friday,Kyle,[determined] Then I guess I'll see you on Black Friday.
Black Friday,Stan,"[determined] If I see you at the mall, Kyle, I will have to try to beat you inside."
Black Friday,Kyle,I know.
Black Friday,Cartman,"[walks up to Kyle] Come on, Kyle. Let these Sony fucks wallow in their limited voice-control functionality. [turns around and walks away with the XBox group, with Kyle joining him. A shot of the mall as day turns to night]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Randy comes home from work as a mall security guard"
Black Friday,Randy,"[singing to himself] Christmas is coming, the goose is getting fat. [opens the front door and enters, closes the door and sets the keys on a small table] Please to put a penny in the old man's-"
Black Friday,Sharon,"[waiting for him by the sofa, with her arms crossed] What the hell are you doing?"
Black Friday,Randy,"[stops] Oh hey Sharon. You're up, huh? I uh... alright, look: I took a temp job at the mall. I just wanted to make some extra holiday cash."
Black Friday,Sharon,Bullshit.
Black Friday,Randy,"I did, Sharon. [begins walking past her] I saw they were hiring extra security, and I thought it'd be a good way to make money."
Black Friday,Sharon,"[stands up and follows Randy for a few steps] You're doing this to try and get to the front of the line on Black Friday, aren't you?"
Black Friday,Randy,"[goes onto the first stair step and thinks of his reply, then turns around] Nobody else has thought of it, Sharon. I won't even be out in the crowd. I'll be on the inside when the doors open. While everyone is trying to run over each other, I'll turn around and run right into the stores. I'll be the first to get whatever I want!"
Black Friday,Sharon,Isn't Black Friday supposed to be about buying things for other people?
Black Friday,Randy,"Winter is coming, Sharon, and I'm a sneaky little bee. [flaps his right hand like a wing] Bzzz bzzz. [goes on up the stairs]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,A Trekker's room. The room is furnished to resemble the bridge of the Starship Enterprise. A Vulcan sits in the captain's chair. Star Trek: TOS music plays
Black Friday,Ensign,"Thrusters are at 20%, captain."
Black Friday,Kevin,"Engage, ensign. Warp factor 1."
Black Friday,Dougie,"Captain, we have an incoming FaceTime request from Eric Cartman."
Black Friday,Kevin,On screen. [the monitor on the floor lights up and Cartman is seen.]
Black Friday,Cartman,"Oh uh, hey guys, what's up?"
Black Friday,Kevin,Nothin' much. We're just about to check out a Class M planet that might have new sources of trillurillium.
Black Friday,Cartman,[to Clyde] God these guys are such dorks!
Black Friday,Clyde,Just find out who they're loyal to.
Black Friday,Cartman,"[performs the Vulcan sign for goodbye] Uh yeah, big dong and prosper. Um, listen guys, uh, uh, you're XBox people, right?"
Black Friday,Kevin,"Given the XBox's faster frame rate, we have no choice but to declare it the most technologically fit for Starfleet."
Black Friday,Cartman,"[to Clyde] Oh my god they're so gaaay! [to the Trekkers] Um, kewl. What if I were to tell you that we have a way for you to join us in getting XBox Ones super cheap."
Black Friday,Dougie,Cheap XBox Ones? For real?
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, moments later. Cartman comes out of his house with Clyde in tow."
Black Friday,Cartman,"The Federation has agreed to fight with us! [the group gathers at a round table] With them and the kindergartners, our army has just doubled in size! [Kyle sadly nods in acknowledgement] You still think you can convince Stan to come back to our side, don't you, Sir Kyle?"
Black Friday,Kyle,I don't know.
Black Friday,Cartman,"You can't change his mind, Sir Kyle. Sony people don't think with logic. He betrayed us. And now we must out-Game of Thrones him by making powerful alliances."
Black Friday,Butters,"Oh don't even get me started! I keep watchin' that show and I'm waitin' for the darn dragon to show up and, and kick everyone's butt! But all I get is wiener, wiener, wiener. It's not all gay wiener, but when they DO show a straight guy's wiener, it's all soft and floppy. Even though he just got done humpin' a pretty girl! Why is that? Because a soft wiener isn't threatening, just like a gay wiener. [closes his case by crossing his arms]"
Black Friday,Cartman,"[with his right hand over his nose] Butters, you seem to be somewhat obsessed with wieners."
Black Friday,Butters,I'm obsessed with wieners? Well what about HBO?
Black Friday,Kyle,"This isn't helping us, Butters!"
Black Friday,Clyde,The Sony people might not be our biggest problem.
Black Friday,Kenny,(What do you mean?)
Black Friday,Clyde,Twitter says they're introducing a new Elmo doll this Christmas.
Black Friday,Cartman,What new Elmo doll?
Black Friday,Scene Description,The Elmo Doll commercial. What's the GIFT children as asking for this HOLIDAY season?
Black Friday,Elmo,"[pops into view] Heheh, who, me?"
Black Friday,Announcer,"[a blonde girl unwraps her gift] Just in time for the holidays, it's Stop Touching Me Elmo. [the girl shows him to the camera] When you press his back, Elmo puts his hand on your knee and says fun things. [a boy demonstrates this]"
Black Friday,Elmo,"Have you ever been tickled on the inside? [next, the blonde girl is asleep with it] I'm lonely. Are you lonely? [she wakes up. Next is a boy in his own bedroom room] Can I watch you go potty? [the boy looks at the doll. Next is a brunet girl with curly hair] You wanna kiss the guy who does Elmo's voice? [the doll puts his hand on the girl's knee. This alarms her]"
Black Friday,Girl,"Stop touching me, Elmo! [swats his arm away. He tries again and she stops him sooner. He tries again...]"
Black Friday,Announcer,Elmo also helps kids brush their teeth with his toothpaste dispenser. [a shot of a boy putting toothpaste onto his toothbrush from Elmo's groin]
Black Friday,Elmo,More! More! More! Aaaghghgh.
Black Friday,Announcer,"Don't miss out on this holiday season's biggest gift! Stop touching me, Elmo!"
Black Friday,Announcer 2,Available at South Park Mall staring Black Friday.
Black Friday,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. Randy arrives with some coffee and sees some other guards"
Black Friday,Randy,"Morning, Joe, Marcus."
Black Friday,Guard 3,"Morning, Randy."
Black Friday,Old Cap,What madness is this?? [Randy and the other two guards walk over.]
Black Friday,Randy,What is it?
Black Friday,Old Cap,[reads from an announcement] A new Elmo doll. They're releasing a new Emo doll [rolls up the announcement] just in time for Black Friday.
Black Friday,Guard 3,"Oh Christ, no!"
Black Friday,Old Cap,"You've murdered us! [looks up at some business people in front of a Toy Safari store] You soulless monsters, you've killed us all! [some knocking is heard from the main entrance. The guards look to their right and see the crowd beginning to form outside]"
Black Friday,Guard 4,"Oh, God, they're already lining up."
Black Friday,Shopper 1,Eelllmoooo
Black Friday,Guard 3,No! They can't line up this soon! This is crazy!
Black Friday,Old Cap,"I'll deal with these demons! [walks towards the entrance, opens the doors, and walks out. The doors close and he addresses the crowd] If you are here for Black Friday, the line starts on that side of the rope. [shows them the rope. which has a small sign saying ""BLACK FRIDAY LINE"" on one of the poles]"
Black Friday,Shopper 4,Oh. This rope right here? [walks over to the rope. The rest of the crowd follows him and stand behind the rope]
Black Friday,Old Cap,"That's the line for Black Friday, so other people can do normal shopping today."
Black Friday,Shopper 4,Oh. Okay. Thanks. [Old Cap goes inside and the shoppers resume knocking on the glass walls.]
Black Friday,Shopper 4,Elmooo.
Black Friday,Shopper 5,Give me Elmo.
Black Friday,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Stan leads Jimmy and Craig to the Goths' hangout at the side of the school"
Black Friday,Stan,"We come seeking your help. Do you side with those wanting XBoxe's, or will you join us on Black Friday and fight for PS4s?"
Black Friday,Michael,Are you for real?
Black Friday,Jimmy,"You know that the PS4 is a better choice. I mean, come on."
Black Friday,Michael,Of course we're going to go with the PS4. They're blacker!
Black Friday,Stan,Then join us! We need people to help us be the first 20 inside the mall!
Black Friday,Pete,"Uhhh, we're just gonna wait until the PS4s become cheaper and more available."
Black Friday,Stan,"No, you can't do that!"
Black Friday,Jimmy,"Ya yo you can't, you can't do that."
Black Friday,Stan,"Don't you see this is about more than Black Friday? Battle lines are being drawn! If you wait it out, but everyone else has already decided to go with XBox, then, that will become the standard! The PS4 would be like Betamax was to VHS."
Black Friday,Henrietta,What's Betamax?
Black Friday,Stan,Exactly!
Black Friday,Pete,What's VHS?
Black Friday,Stan,"...Look, we're just asking people who want to play on PS4s to fight for what they believe in!"
Black Friday,Michael,"Sorry, I guess we just don't care enough."
Black Friday,Jimmy,"Come on, Sir Stan. There must be kids somewhere who will join us. [turns right and walks away. Craig follows, and Stan looks at the floor, saddened]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"A lush garden, night. Cartman and Kenny walk through it. Kenny is caressing a mouse"
Black Friday,Cartman,"Lady McCormick, I was hoping I could talk to you about Kyle."
Black Friday,Kenny,"(Yes. What's up, my lord?)"
Black Friday,Cartman,"I'm not sure if his heart is in the right place. If he were to ever... [picks out a yellow rose and gives it to Kenny] switch sides, [Kenny sniffs it] it could make Stan's army problematic for us."
Black Friday,Kenny,(But Stan and Kyle are best friends)
Black Friday,Cartman,"True, but we can't let Kyle come in the way of what's rightfully ours. [stops and faces Kenny] Let's face it, Lady McCormick, this is really about you and me getting XBox Ones. The others are simply there to... help us get inside those doors."
Black Friday,Kenny,[strokes his mouse] (Yes. That's right.) [they resume the walk]
Black Friday,Cartman,"You have a strong influence over the rest of the men, Lady McCormick. All I'm saying is when the time comes, I might need you to... use that influence to have Kyle taken care of. Do we understand each other?"
Black Friday,Kenny,"(Yes, I believe we do.)"
Black Friday,Thompson,"Hey, you damned kids! [Cartman and Kenny turn to face the voice, which turns out to be a man looking out his bedroom window on the second floor of his house] Get the hell out of my yard!"
Black Friday,Cartman,"Fuck you, dude! This is the Garden of Andros!"
Black Friday,Thompson,"No, it's my damned garden and I'm sick of you kids dressin' up and havin' talks of betrayal in it!"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"The mall, night. The mall is closed, and Randy makes the rounds, buzzing to himself. He stops by RadioHut to check out the specials"
Black Friday,Randy,"Seventy-inch television. Huh that would be good. Oooo, but 80% off a computer. Huh, maybe I'll be able to snag both."
Black Friday,Voice,"Doin' alright there, Rookie? [A hand falls on Randy's left shoulder, startling him]"
Black Friday,Randy,Whoa! Haha. [recognizing Old Cap] Yes sir!
Black Friday,Old Cap,"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you."
Black Friday,Randy,"No, I was just uh, looking at all these great things I can't afford, heh."
Black Friday,Old Cap,"Listen, uh... I know why you took this part-time job."
Black Friday,Randy,"You-d, you do?"
Black Friday,Old Cap,"I see it in you. You care about people. [smiles] Same reason I do it every year. [takes Randy for a walk] You remind me of my son. He died on Black Friday in '89. Guess I'm still trying to save him. [stops] Look, I just want to say I... I really appreciate what you're doing. I promised my wife this would be my last Black Friday I worked. When I see folks like you, it... makes me hopeful that people will still be okay."
Black Friday,Randy,[going with it] Yeah... awesome...
Black Friday,Old Cap,"No, damn it! [noticing something outside] No lining up behind the velvet rope! [goes towards the entrance] God they just don't listen! [Randy sighs and buzzes to himself more soberly]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"The PS4 army's tent, night. A soldier is keeping watch next to the tent"
Black Friday,Jimmy,"C-C-Cartman's army is getting bigger every day. In addition to the Federation and the kindergartners, the XBox army now also has the kids who play Harry Potter, the jocks, the swim team, and the glee club."
Black Friday,Craig,"Word is that the sixth graders all prefer XBox too, and will team up with Cartman as well."
Black Friday,Stan,And who do we have on our side?
Black Friday,Jimmy,"Uh besides us, it's the book club and Janice Pinkerton."
Black Friday,Stan,Did you ask the Vamp kids?
Black Friday,Craig,They're still undecided.
Black Friday,Stan,"[walks towards the tent's entrance] There has to be a way to get people on the fence to join our side. [looks at the campfire outside, around which sit Tweek and two other boys]"
Black Friday,Boy,Playstation...
Black Friday,Jimmy,"Look, Sir Stan, it's probably time to give this up."
Black Friday,Craig,"We're just a dying breed, Stan. XBox is going to win this whole thing."
Black Friday,Stan,So we're just gonna let other kids decide which game system we all play on? What would they do on Game of Thrones? What would they do when things look their darkest?
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Sony Corporation, Japan, night. The head of the corporation is humping a woman from behind on his desk, in his office. Two board members arrive and one of them clears his throat."
Black Friday,Corporate head,"Huh? Isogashii yo! [I'm busy!""]"
Black Friday,Member 1,"Sorry to disturb you sir, but we thought you should see this. [pulls out a flier]"
Black Friday,Corporate head,"[gets down from his desk and puts on his robe] Omae-ya kikei [""You freak""]. [the woman gets off the table and skulks away while the corporate head walks to the board members] Jishu, taihen ne. [""Geez, how dreadful""]'[takes the flier and looks at it. It's a flier Cartman had made up and distributed everywhere, even Japan] Winter is comingu. Choose side-o. Nani kore? [""What is this?""]"
Black Friday,Member 1,"Just a small down in Middle America, but apparently, a war is escalating."
Black Friday,Member 2,"Sir, if this were to become a news story, and if the first people inside their mall all got XBoxes... well it clearly looks bad for our image."
Black Friday,Corporate head,"[looks more closely at the flier] So desu ne... [""I see...""]"
Black Friday,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. A Channel 9 News reporter is on camera"
Black Friday,Reporter 2,"What's going to be the big item everyone goes for this Black Friday? It just might be the PlayStation 4. Sony has just announced they offering a special Black Friday bundle, called the ""Brack Friday Bunduru,"" which will include four controllers, a map of Japan, a hundred dollar rebate, and, allow you to automatically pre-order for Metal Gear Solid V. No doubt Sony has just raised the stakes."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, day. There are more kids in the yard now, all honing their skills for the coming battle. Cartman walks among them"
Black Friday,Cartman,"Yes. Good, Federation kids. You're learning to fight with your hands! Keep pushing, kindergartners! [walks further along to Kyle, who's sitting on a tree stump.] Sir Kyle, I know that Sony's offering a special Brack Friday Bunduru. You know the XBox is still better, right?"
Black Friday,Kyle,"Yeah, but, why can't XBox automatically let you pre-order Metal Gear Solid V?"
Black Friday,Cartman,"Sir Kyle, pre-order doesn't mean shit, okay? When you pre-order a game, you're just committing to paying for something that some assholes in California haven't even finished working on yet. You know what you get for pre-ordering a game? A big dick in your mouth."
Black Friday,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. The crowd at the Black Friday line has gotten bigger and the clamoring has gotten louder. Randy is keeping the peace."
Black Friday,Randy,"Alright, listen up. [the crowd quiets down] The mall is no longer allowing people to line up for Black Friday until Thanksgiving night. [the clamoring resumes] It's okay. To hold places in line we're handing out wristbands. [the crowd knocks down the rope and overwhelms him] Augh! Hold on! Oh God!"
Black Friday,Shopper 6,Wristbands!
Black Friday,Old Cap,"[sees the commotion and arrives to restore order] Back! Back, all of you! [the other guards come to help out] If that's how you are, there'll be no wristbands! No go! [delivers a left jab to a woman in front of him]"
Black Friday,Shopper 7,Oh!
Black Friday,Old Cap,Back away! [Shopper 1 comes up behind him and stabs him]
Black Friday,Shopper 4,"I'm getting my son that Elmo doll, you fuck! [pulls the knife out and rushes away. Old Cap collapses]"
Black Friday,Randy,"No! [runs to Old Cap's side as more guards exit the mall. Randy reaches him first, and the other guards gather around them]"
Black Friday,Old Cap,You did good. The watch is yours now.
Black Friday,Randy,No! You can't die! Everybody really likes you!
Black Friday,Old Cap,"This is what we signed up for. Right, my friend?"
Black Friday,Randy,"No, I was lying to you! I took this job... to be at the front of the line on Black Friday."
Black Friday,Old Cap,"Heh. Now you know how serious this is. Whatever your intentions before, protect this town. You are in charge now. Take this. [puts his hand over his left eye and... pulls off what turns out to be an adhesive eye patch and places it on Randy's left eye] Don't let... Black Friday... be the end. [dies. The other guards stay around, not knowing what to do]"
Black Friday,Randy,[rises] Get back inside. We have work to do. [the guards file back into the mall]
Black Friday,Scene Description,"A backyard, night. Its surroundings are a bit shabby - an overflowing trash can, an old lounge chair... Stan is facing Craig and Jimmy, and a few seconds later, turns around"
Black Friday,Stan,"When we started this fight... it was because we were tired of XBox people telling us Playstation sucks! Now... we have an army of our own! [the army is shown, and it includes the Goths, the Vamps, the handicapped kids, and some first graders. The house behind them only has one story, and it looks run down. A security grill is falling off one of the windows and the fence is in tatters. The army cheers for itself] I can't guarantee you will live, but I can guarantee that before this is over... the winner of the console wars will be decided. [more cheering. A familiar figure sits on a throne...] Our new leader has joined us to help make sure that system is the PS4! [he turns around and unsheathes his sword, raising it to honor the new leader]All hail the Princess! [points the sword at her, and more cheering follows. Princess Kenny, Lady McCormick, has arrived]"
Black Friday,PS4 Army,"The Princess! Yeah! [a mouse crawls into view, on the Princess's left shoulder, and roars]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Kenny provides a recap of what happened last week on the show, with clips from that episode."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"Previously, on South Park."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The intro follows with the boys dresses as fantasy figures, and dramatic music matches them. Next, a white screen appears, with a silhouette of a black wall and a crow on it. The crow calls out"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Narrator,"Now let me tell you, child, of a war that is about to come. [turns out the wall is the two consoles over which the war will be fought - the PS4 and the XBox - and the crow is on the display for the XBox One.] Since time unremembered there have been two. [the crow hops from the XBox One display to the PS4 display] One dark and unforgiving, the other pure and filled with light. [next is a silhouette of a woman looking at South Park Mall from a pile of rocks] At the dawn of war, I stand alone, looking out at would be the last battlefield, for winter is coming, and I... am a princess. [the woman is Princess Kenny] Once a common lady of the dark army, but, denied my right to be called princess by birth, [Kenny hops off the rocks and walks] I've betrayed my kind, [Kenny enters EVGames] and now I have chosen my side: that which I believe is best for all, [Kenny flips through the games and chooses Vomit Cops, then plays it] for it has the dual-shock controller with a speakers and a touchpad interface. [Kenny walks home] Our land is split in two, brother against brother, friend versus friend. [enters his house and walks past his parents] My parents will fight on Black Friday as well. For what? I do not know."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stuart,What the hell is he wearin' now?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Narrator,"[walks out to the back yard and sits on her throne] My followers, though few in number, shall help see me through until I am finally accepted as a princess by all. I cannot rest, for I know that even now, the enemy is training for battle, also preparing for winter."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"XBox One army base, day. As the rest of the army watches, Butters and Scott do some swordplay. Scott's tongue is hanging out of his mouth"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"En garde! [Butters takes up his sword and swordplay resumes. While the crowd cheers the swords-boys on, Cartman is not impressed, and he buries his nose in his hand while squeezing his eyes shut]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Alright, stop, stop, stop! [leaves his chair and walks up to Scott and Butters] This is NOT how you fight! You think this is a joke?! On Black Friday, there's gonna be thousands of shoppers trying to get inside that mall keeping you from getting Xbox Ones! So what do we do?! We survey each enemy, and we attack their weak spots! Scott Malkinson has diabetes, so we hit him in his weak spot! [swings his staff at Scott's mouth and lands it, making Scott's tongue go back in his mouth]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Aaah God ow sorry...
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"There's another army out there who thinks they're better than us, and we are not going to be beat by that traitor whore Kenny! Get back to training! [leaves]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"[not sure what to do next, then swats Scott on his back] Yeah!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,[falls onto his knees] Ah!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"[catches up to Cartman] Cartman, we should probably talk about our chances."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"The men are just inexperienced, Sir Kyle. They need more training."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"It's not enough! Ever since Kenny switched sides, there are more kids that wanna go with PS4 on Black Friday."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"That Goddamn traitor! You know why Kenny's doing this, right? Because he wanted to be a princess, and I wouldn't let him! [they go through the sliding door] I said, ""You can be a chick, Kenny, but there's only one ruler, and that's me!"" [reaches his refrigerator and opens it, looking for something to consume]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"Sony released the PS4s, Cartman. They're being reviewed. People are liking them."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"[turns around, holding a glass of milk] I guarantee you Kenny had something to do with Sony offering a Brack Friday Bunduru! [takes a swig of it] Just keep them in training, Sir Kyle. Two can play at Kenny's backstabbing game. [leaves, forgetting to close the refrigerator door]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, moments later. Cartman is at his desk placing a call, still grousing about Kenny"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Stupid asshole! [looks at a picture of himself and Kenny at Casa Bonita putting their arms around each other, with dreamy expressions, as they used to be best buds. He folds it up and lays it on his desk, face down] Yes, hello. I'd like to speak to the president of XBox, please... The president of XBox, like, the head of XBox... Fine, CEO of Microsoft, whatever. Put him on. I need help blowing up PlayStation people... Eric Cartman. I'm a wizard and a king... A wizard-king, yes... No, I'm not king of wizards, I'm a king that happens to be a wizard. [lost his patience] Just put the CEO of Microsoft on the phone!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Microsoft headquarters, night. The CEO's office. Steve Ballmer is at his desk"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Secretary,"Mr. Ballmer, John and Dave from Marketing are here to see you. [the men come on in]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Yes, hello. How are things going out there?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,John,"Sir, the tides of war are changing."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Dave,"There's a king in Colorado, a young wizard who believes that Sony will have the upper hand if we do not come to his aid."
A Song of Ass and Fire,John,"He claims that with our help, his followers are prepared to fight to the death over which system is better."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Uhh, what are you guys talking about? You sound ridiculous."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Dave,"[looks at John, then] There's... going to be a war in this small town on Black Friday, and it's all over the news!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Guys, these are console wars, not some epic battle for a kingdom. I mean, come on."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Dave,"...but, this one kid said that he's a wizard, and that Sony is helping-"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Guys, guys guys! It's just a video game machine, alright? Microsoft's a company that... tries to be above all the petty commercialism, okay?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Dave,Ok-Okay.
A Song of Ass and Fire,John,Okay. [they turn and leave]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,The Channel 9 newsroom. The anchors are reporting
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,"Well, Black Friday is still a few days away, but it looks like it's already claimed another fatality."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"Niles Lawson is on the scene, and Niles, what are you hearing?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"[holding in his left arm a giant candy cane, with blood stains along the hooked end] Tom, tragedy stuck last night when mall security officer Miles ""Happy"" Davis was beaten to death with this candy cane after telling a mother she couldn't line up for Black Friday until Thursday night. In honor of the slain mall security officer, the mall has officially decided to drop another 10% off Black Friday deals!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Wall of Honor, established in 1974. A framed picture of the slain officer is placed on a shelf on the wall, and a small bouquet of flowers placed in front of that"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,Happy was a good man. Too good to have died in such a brutal but festive manner.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 3,[runs up to Randy] Captain! Captain! The mall is dropping the Black Friday sale another 10%.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 4,What?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 5,Oh my God.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 6,They can't do that!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 7,What? That's 90% off!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 8,Oh God! They're back! The shoppers are back! [the camera pulls back to reveal a large crowd of shoppers slowly moving towards the mall. One of them holds a flyer for the new Black Friday deal. The fog is so low it looks soupy]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,Everybody stay put! I'll handle this. [exits the mall]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Outside the mall, night. The crowd continues its somewhat slow march towards the mall, but a main road and parking lot stand between them and the mall"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,"[through a bullhorn] If you are here for Black Friday, you cannot be on mall property until midnight on Thanksgiving."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Shopper 6,We're not on mall property.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,"Well, you're about to be."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Shopper 6,"Well, what if we just walk really, really slow? [the crowd slows it's walk further, growls spread among them, as they start to resemble a White Walker's] Black Friday!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,You're gonna have to walk slower than that. You've got a while.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Shopper 7,We can walk really slow. Look. [the shoppers start to shamble and quietly moan in a full parody of a White Walker army]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,Smartasses. [turns around and goes inside the mall]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Garden of Andros, day. Cartman and Butters walk along the familiar path"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Paladin Butters, I was hoping I could talk to you about Lady McCormick."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"You mean Princess Kenny, m'lord?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Yeah, whatever. The little prick thinks he's Daenerys Targaryen. I need to know how to deal with him. [picks a rose out for Butters, just as he did for Kenny before.] How do they deal with the Queen of Dragons in Game of Thrones?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,They don't!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Well did you finish watching Season 3 like I asked you?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Yeah, I finished it!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,So what happens when the dragons show up?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Nothing! The dragons are just still on their way! They keep promising dragons, but all I get are more floppy wieners in my face!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Butter-Butters! The key to our victory is following the Game of Thrones model exactly. I have to know what happens when the dragons show up so I know how to deal with Kenny.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Wha-what do you want me to do?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Here's two bus tickets to New Mexico. I want you to take Sir Scott Malkinson and go seek out George R. R. Martin for answers.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Who's George R. R. Martin?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"He's the guy who writes Game of Thrones, Butters! He can let us both know how to handle Kenny, and if we should betray Clyde or not. Let's face it, Butters, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,Hey! I told you kids to stay out of my damn yard!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,[shoots back] Do you mind?! We're trying to talk here!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,"Yeah?! Well how come every time you talk to somebody, it's about betraying somebody else?!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Why don't you mind your own business?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Microsoft headquarters, night. Steve Ballmer is on the phone."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"No. Listen, for the last time, we don't have any dragons to send them. If some people wanna choose PlayStations, it's their choice. [a knock is heard]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Secretary,"Sir, Mr. Gates is here."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Bill Gates? [to the caller] Uh, I gotta go. [hangs up, rises from his seat, goes around the desk, and greets Bill Gates] Hey heeey! Bill Gates actually showing up at Corporate."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"[shaking hands] Hey Steve, how're you doin'?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Not bad, you know? Just tryin' to get this next gen press stuff handled."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"I heard there's a little trouble in uh, Colorado somewhere?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Oh it's- no, it turns out it was nothing, just some kids tryin' to turn the console wars into somethin' bigger."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Oh my gosh. You know, when I uh... stepped down and left you in charge of the company, Steve uh, I knew there might be some challenges for you."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"Yeah, well, nothin' I can't handle. [a man dressed in black appears behind him] There might be some changes we need to make to our marketing, but I'm optimistic. [the man approaches Steve.]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,Uh huh.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Ballmer,"You know, I think we'll ultimately sell the number of units we want to. [the man takes out a dagger and gets closer]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"You're right, Steve. Some changes do need to be made. [the hitman reaches around and stabs Ballmer through the chest and drags the dagger to the right, cutting open Ballmer's chest even more. Ballmer cries out, but is choking in his blood. Ballmer steps backwards and falls on his back gasping for air. Gates takes a glass of wine to a sofa and sits down to look at Ballmer] Do you know what weakness is, Steve? Weakness is believing that competition is healthy. See, there was a time when XBoxes and PlayStations could both survive in this world, but that time's done. It's all headed to one device that people game on, watch TV on, socialize on. There's only going to be one winner. I can't have you idiots throwing away everything I worked so hard to achieve. [Ballmer takes his last gasps as Gates walks out of the CEO's office. Gates addresses Ballmer's men] Clean that shit up."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"New Mexico, evening. Butters and Scott are walking down a street. Butters checks a map for George R. R. Martin's address"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Well come on, Scott. You're lagging."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,I think my insulin's low. I need to eat.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Let's just talk to this guy, and then we can hit a McDonald's. Oh here we go. 2217. [Butters and Scott stand in front of a mansion gate somewhere in the Southwest. Cacti abound on either side of the high fence. Butters reaches up and presses a buzzer]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,[through the intercom] Can I help you?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Hello? Is this George R. R. Martin's house?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,"Who is this, please?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Uhhhh, it's two kids who want to know what happens when the dragons show up? [two seconds of silence] Hello?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,"I'm sorry, but Mr. Martin does not see fans."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,We're not fans!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"Yeah, we don't like it!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"We don't like it! And I'm pretty pissed off, if you wanna know the truth!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butler,About what?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Let me talk to George R. R. Martin, and I'll tell him about what! [the buzzer sounds again and the gates open. Butters and Scott go inside and towards the front door. George R. R. Martin steps outside to greet them]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"It's the Red Wedding, isn't it? You hate how I killed everyone off?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Uh no sir, we just really need to know about the dragons, but they never seem to show up."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,Oh they're coming. The dragons are on their way.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,When?
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,You really wanna know?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,[sternly] Please. It's urgent.
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Alright, King Joffrey is still at King's Landing, but there's a young blacksmith who wakes up one morning with a plan. And His wiener gently hangs down between his legs. Soft and flaccid, his wiener glistened in the golden sunlight."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"No, uhno, can we skip the wiener stuff and just get to the dragons?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"Aw shit, I think I'm-I think I'm going to faint."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Uh what's the matter, Scott?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,I told you I have to eat every two hours.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,He's diabetic.
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Oh Jeez, uh, why don't you kids come out from the cold? I'll order some pizzas."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Oh. Okay, thanks."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,Come on in! I'll tell you everything that's gonna happen in Game of Thrones. [leads the boys inside]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Garden of Andros, day. Cartman and Kyle walk along the familiar path"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Sir Kyle, I wanted to talk to you about Stan."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"If you want to make sure I'm not switching sides, Cartman, you don't have to worry. Stan is wrong."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"It isn't that. Princess Kenny is loved by her army [picks a rose out for Kyle], but Stan is still the nuts and ball of her operation. [Kyle sniffs the rose] It would be a huge setback to the traitors getting their PlayStations if Stan were to be... [stops] grounded?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,Grounded? For what?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,That could be up to you.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"No, Cartman. You said nobody will have to be grounded. We're not playing dirty!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Fine, Sir Kyle. Perhaps you're right. [begins walking] Did you know that Stan's dad is working a temp job as mall security?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,What?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Seems a little convenient, doesn't it? [stops and faces Kyle] Stan with somebody on the inside to help him get his PS4s. Who's playing dirty now? Let's face it, Sir Kyle, this is really about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,Don't believe it! [Cartman and Kyle look at Thompson] He said that to a bunch of people!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Dude, you'd better stop harassing me or I'm callin' the cops!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,You're callin' the cops?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Yeah!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,You're on my property! I'm callin' the cops!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Well go ahead! Call the fuckin' cops then!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"A bedroom, night. A couple is having sex in it. As the camera pans right, it reveals whom the couple is - the Channel 9 news team. Niles appears at the door with a microphone in hand. He clears his throat"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"[startled] Oh oh! [calms down] Oh, it's you."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Tom, I'm standing in your doorway because we have a hot news story to report."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,We don't go to work for another hour.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,[walks to the foot of the bed] We just got a call from Bill Gates. [sits down] He says he can promise us a bigger war on Black Friday if we play along.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,He wants us to side with him?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"That's right, Tammy. Let's not forget that having a bloodbath on Black Friday is good for the news. It's good for us. The bigger, the better."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"Our job is to report the news, not make it more violent!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Right, Tom. Because you're sooo about integrity. Let's go. [stands up and walks to the doorway, then turns around] Or maybe I should let everyone in the newsroom know what their two anchors are up to! Back to you!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Channel 9 Morning News, with Tom and Tammy Thompson"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Announcer,"It's the morning news, with Tom and Tammy Thompson. Colorado's top-rated brother-sister news team."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tom,"Well Black Friday is just around the corner and Tammy, it's getting fierce out there."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Tammy,"That's right, and Niles Lawson is out at the mall with a little holiday surprise."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Tammy, the excitement over Black Friday is peaking, and none other than Bill Gates himself has shown up to try to make it even bigger. [Bill Gates appears]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"That's right. We just wanna do whatever we can to help our supporters get their XBoxes at incredible deals on Friday, so we've come to offer swords and battle axes, whatever the kids can carry to help them fight their way through the other shoppers."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,We understand that you've donated some guns to the kids as well.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Yes, but we are limiting it to one per XBox follower,, because of course, the key thing here on everyone's mind is safety."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. The XBox army marches down the street, with Cartman being borne on a litter by several boys. Some of the bearers are Clyde and Kevin. One of the Federation members, dressed as Geordi La Forge, is indeed carrying a gun. The army approaches Kenny's house, and Token knocks on the door"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Mrs. McCormick,[answers the door] Yes?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Hi, is Kenny home?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Mrs. McCormick,"Uh, yeah, Kenny's out back playing with his friends."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Forward, men! [the bearers try to fit Cartman through the door, but they can't fir through. First they run into the door frame on the left side] That, no- [then on the right] No, you- You've gotta turn me. [the bearers tilt the litter some seventy degrees without Cartman falling off and finally fit through the door.]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Kenny's backyard. The PS4 army is there, practicing"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Jimmy,It's the enemy! Defensive po-po-p-po-p-positions! [other soldiers rally]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Other kids,Protect the Princess! Kill 'em! Kill 'em! Get out!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"I seek audience with the traitor, Lady McCormick?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,Let them pass! [the PS4 army makes way for the XBox army. Cartman is carried over to Kenny's throne]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"(Welcome to my kingdom, Sir Eric. Please, state your purpose.)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,[translating] The Princess bids your fat ass welcome to her kingdom and suggests you state your purpose. [Kenny plays with the hair on his wig]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"You can't win this, guys. Look around you. Lay down your weapons, and you can come back and fight for XBoxes with us on Black Friday."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,(You can change your mind instead of fighting us on Friday.)
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,"The Princess says that if you wanna change your mind and agree that Playstations are better, she'll consider it."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Kenny, we all understand wanting to play as the chick once in a while, 'kay? But you are never going to be a real princess!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"(What?!) [fans himself] (Oh, the nerve! How insensitive of you, you cock-sucking faggot!)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,The Princess calls you a ball-licking lesbian.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,That doesn't even make sense.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,"[steps forward] Stan, this has gone too far. People are going to get hurt. What you started is way out of control."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,What I started? How dare you!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kyle,All these people are going to be gaming on XBox. You really wanna just game with Craig the rest of your life?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,"I would rather game with Craig than spend one minute having to set up an XBox Live account! We will get our PlayStations tomorrow, and you buttholes will have nothing!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"You're outnumbered ten to one, and there's no time left! How will you win?! [Stan and Kenny look at each other, then Stan thinks a minute]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Stan,The gods will find us a way!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"George R. R. Martin's living room, later. He's expounding on the Game of Thrones..."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"So then Samwell Tarly sees the army approaching, and his wiener is about this big. [about 18 inches, by his estimate. Butters is losing patience as Scott fades] He knows that Stannis Baratheon's wiener is probably shriveled from the cold. Samwell has to rally his men, so what does he do? He takes out his wiener [unzips his pants and demonstrates his story] and he dangles it around for all his men to see. [shakes his hips and pretends his wiener is a bell]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,AAAH! [turns away for a moment]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"OOAH! Uh, sir, you said pizzas were coming!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Yeah yeah, they're on their way. They're still coming. So Samwell's wiener goes [shakes his hips around as if his wiener were a bell and makes sounds for it]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,But you said they were on their way like three hours ago! [Scott had said he needs to eat every two hours]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,"If I don't get pizza soon, I'm goin' to pass out."
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"[zips up] Don't worry. They're coming. Pizzas are on their way. They're gonna be amazing. [picks up where he was interrupted] Now, John Snow finally faces Jaime Lannister, and this guy's wiener is, you know, huge, right? So it's not goin' to be easy."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Ehhh...
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"The Garden of Andros, day. Cartman is back with another partner in crime"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Mr. Gates, I was hoping I could talk to you about the fight on Friday."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Certainly. Uh, Eric, right?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Uhh, it's my Lord Wizard King, actually. Having your leadership has certainly been a help. [picks another yellow rose for Gates] But I hope that we're clear that this is my army. [hands the rose to him. Gates sniffs it] There can only be one person of royalty; that's kind of the rules."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Oh I certainly don't wanna step on your toes. Don't worry, I'm quite good at letting my CEOs do what they want."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Your CEOs?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Gates,"Let's face it, this is really just about you and me getting XBoxes. The rest are simply there to help us get through those doors."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,"Uhhh, hmmm. What?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,[from his bedroom window] Hahaa! How's it feel?! Now who's walking who through the betrayal garden?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Cartman,Why don't you stay the fuck out of my business?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Thompson,Why don't you stay the fuck out of my yard?! [slams his window shut]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"Sony Headquarters, Japan, night. The President of Sony is on top of someone, giving it to them, but that person is silent."
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Ish, ish, ish, o-ish, haishooo! [quickly sits up to deliver the final thrust, then collapses onto his bed. He then rolls over on his back, revealing whom he was having sex with]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,[with mic in hand] That was amazing sex. I enjoyed it immensely. How about you?
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"[gets a cigarette and lights it.] Tanoshikatta ne. (Yeah, it was fun.)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"You know, Microsoft has given kids who want XBoxes on Black Friday a lot of support. Seems a shame that the fight will be so one-sided."
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Eh? Nani kore, tsukareta yo. (What? I'm tired!)"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,Black Friday is about to happen and it's not even gonna be a fight. That's bad for both of us. There must be something you can give to kids who want Sonys to make the fight more even.
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Hai. [""Yes."" He reaches over to his left and grabs a box] Kore ga arimasu. [""Here it is"" He opens the box and something begins to glow inside]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"[leans in to see what it is] Yes, I think that will do nicely."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"GRRM's Santa Fe mansion. He's now poised to be conductor. He taps his music stand with the conductor's stick. The scene changes to show a chorus of 10 white, middle-aged men in red-sashed, black, concert tuxedos holding musical scores and standing on double row of concert risers facing GRRM. They begin singing"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"[Classical men's ensemble singing in musical round style, as GRRM conducts.] Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,"One wiener, next to another wiener"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"Wiener, wiener wiener, wiener wiener [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,Two wieners alongside yet another wiener
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"Party, wiener party, wiener party, party party, wiener party, wiener wiener [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,"Soft wieners, nice and soft, non-erect wieners!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Chorus,"Keep them flopping, flopping wieners, floppy floppy, dangle wieners, dangle dangle [continues in background]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Soloist,Five wieners in my face
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Stop! Stop please! I can't take any more! [Chorus is silent]
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"But this is the best part. Right before King Joffrey gets poisoned, everyone flaps their wieners all around his face."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,Jeaaaaah!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"[gets off the sofa] Listen, buddy! You promised that pizzas were on the way! If they don't show up right now, you're gonna have a dead kid in your hands! Do you hear me?!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Okay, okay, fine fine. What kind of pizzas do you want?"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,What kind do we want?!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scott,He hasn't even ordered the pizzas yet!
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Don't worry! They're coming! Not just two pizzas, there's, there's gonna be five! And they're gonna be huge! You won't believe it!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"Come on, Scott! We're leaving! [helps Scott off the sofa, and they're about to leave]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,"Wait, I haven't told you what happens yet!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,"NO! Black Friday is about to happen, and my friends and I have to be the first ones inside the mall to get XBoxes!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,Well why didn't you say so? I can help with that.
A Song of Ass and Fire,Butters,Whatoyou mean?
A Song of Ass and Fire,George R. R. Martin,I'll make some calls. I know a way to make sure you're completely prepared for Black Friday! [starts dialing]
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,Kenny's backyard. The PS4 army is at attention. The Sony President and his chief officers are there. The President presents the box to Kenny
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Sony PS4 no urazuke. Zenbu. Domo sumimasen. [""For your support of the Sony PS4, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of you""]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Aide,The President of Sony bids you thanks for all your support of the PS4.
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Sore kara kono gifuto de Princess no Pawaa agemashou [""After that, let us give you this gift, the Power of the Princess""]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Aide,"He offers you this gift to once and for all make you an official Princess, and to give you the powers you need to win this war on Black Friday. [The president kneels, opens the box, and shows off the brooch resting within it. Kenny leaves the throne and takes the brooch from its box]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,President,"Ima kara [""From now on""]... Princess Kenny!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Craig,"Wow, Kenny's a Japanese princess."
A Song of Ass and Fire,Kenny,"(Wooo!) [as J-pop music plays, Kenny's backyard is transformed. The makeshift thrown becomes a gazebo with a unicorn bust on top, Kenny gets a magical girl look, with big anime eyes, and gets the power of the rainbow, with bubbles, etc. He gets a pet unicorn. The whole scene could be an intro for a Princess Kenny show.]"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, night. The 'White Walker' crowd is beginning to cross the street"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Guard 9,Oh God. We're done for!
A Song of Ass and Fire,Randy,"My friends, the time is almost here. Let us face these shoppers with the bravery of those mall security officers before us. [his phone rings and he picks up] Commander Marsh. ... They're what? ... They're gonna what?!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Scene Description,Outside the mall. The 'Walker' crowd army is closing in on the entrance. Channel 9 News is on the scene
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"Tom, we have breaking news from the South Park mall. In an effort to make sure everyone is prepared, the mall has decided to push Black Friday by one week!"
A Song of Ass and Fire,Crowd,[turns and looks at him] What?
A Song of Ass and Fire,Niles,"The genius idea was proposed by George R. R. Martin, who also suggested ""Fuck it, let's push Thanksgiving to December 3rd."" For pushing the date, the mall is now reducing Black Friday prices to 96% off to the first hundred people inside the mall! [the shoppers begin to fight each other] This is going to be a fucking bloodbath, Tom. There will be medical tents, ambulances, face-painting, no doubt a lot of people you know and love are going to die! [an elderly man holding up a 96% off flier lets out a dragon's roar]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Previously on South Park. Some clips of the previous episodes are shown as a summary. A clip featuring the Canadian Minister of Health is included just for kicks. The intro follows, with the Wiener song from last episode playing. Then follows the Princess Kenny Japanese anime-style animation. The segment begins at Sony Headquarters. Three men are in the president's office. One looks out the window while the second talks to the president"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Taihen! Mada Microsoft watashi no fune tomatteiru. [""Bad news! Microsoft is still stopping our ships.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Sou ka... [""I see...""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Sugu, funukenakereba narimasen. Kono Buraku Furaide sugu kuru. [""We must not back down this soon. Black Friday will soon arrive.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Kore ga mondai desu ne? Ima Purincessu Kenni sugoi irimasu! [""This is a problem, right? I really need Princess Kenny now!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Tadaima! [""I'm back!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,Oh!
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Purincessu Kenni reporuto! [""Princess Kenny reporting!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Ah! Ikimashita! [His eyes change to loving hearts icons--""Ah! He has arrived!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Kawaii na, Purincessu Kenni. [""Princess Kenny is so cute.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Un [""Yup.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Hayai de! Purincessu Kennu, arigato! Mondai dayo: XBokusu saisho no Bill Gates watashi no PS4 shipment tomatteimasu! [""That was quick. Thank you, Princess Kenny. We have a problem: XBox's president Bill Gates is stopping the shipment of the PS4!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Hai, Purincessu Kenni assisuto! [""Yessir! Princess Kenny will assist!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"At sea, day. A Sony cargo ship is stopped in its tracks by three smaller Microsoft ships"
Titties and Dragons,Captain,"Baka! Kora wa sugoi cheating desu! [""Idiot! This is amazing cheating!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Deckhand,"[points to the sky] Ara! Purincessu Kenni! [""Look! Princess Kenny!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Minna-san! Kenni kimasu! [""Everyone, Kenny has arrived""]"
Titties and Dragons,Deckhand,[elated] Aaaaah! [His eyes become loving stars]
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Return to normal South Park animation style and open on XBox Army headquarters, day. Cartman is in a lawn chair talking to Kyle and Clyde. He's not pleased with what he's hearing."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,[nose in left hand] He did what?? He flew down in a parachute and he what??
Titties and Dragons,Clyde,"Apparently, he stopped Microsoft from blockading the shipment of PS4s to the mall. Looks like he's all over the place winning the console wars for Sony."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Because, because what? Because he's cute?"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Cartman, he's got everyone on Sony's side. We can't stop him!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,But what does he do besides that he's cute?!
Titties and Dragons,Liane,"[appears in the sliding door] Sweetie, Bill Gates is on the phone for you."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Tell Bill Gates to suck my ass, Mom! [she turns around and goes back inside. Cartman reconsiders] Mom? [she looks back at him] Don't seriously tell Bill Gates to suck my ass. Tell him everything's cool and I'll call him in a little bit. [she walks out of view]"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,This would have never happened if you would have let Kenny be a princess in the first place!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"He's not a princess, he's a DUDE!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Well, unfortunately for us, he's now on the other side! We are out of options!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"So what are you saying, Kyle?!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I have an idea. [turns around and walks off a bit] I don't like it, but I think it's the only choice we have."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, night. A huge crowd of people waits to get in, and minor scuffles pop up from time to time. Niles reports"
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Tom, Black Friday is finally almost here, and as you can see behind me, holiday shoppers are really getting antsy. People have been waiting out here since midnight on Thanksgiving. They're cold, they're starving, and there's already been a lot of blood shed over these holiday deals. Joining me now is Rick Tellmore, [balding shopper] who's been out here for six days, and your five year old son was eaten. Is that correct?"
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"Yes, yes that's right, we had to eat him. We were all sort of starving out here, so we drew straws, and he drew the shortest one."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,What is it you're hoping to get when Black Friday does finally start?
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"A a Blu-ray player. Ninety-six percent off, it's gonna be about 20 bucks."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Now, some people might say that eating your child is not very Christmasy. What would you say to them?"
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"[thinks a long time] Iiii... ate my son for a Blu-ray play-er With a ho ho ho and a jingle jingle jang-le My son got ate and it tasted good ho ho jingle jingle ho ho! [as Niles speaks, he moves off, singing] Ho ho jingle jing-le Jingle jingle jang-le Jingle jingle jingle ho ho!"
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"No doubt Christmas is alive and well at the South Park Mall. Back to you, Tom."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"PS4 Army's medieval tent headquarters, day. Stan looks over a crude, cardboard, scale model of the mall, with troop locations indicated by Lego men"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Alright, guys, here's the deal: the main entrance to the mall is already blocked by thousands of waiting shoppers. The kids who want XBoxes plan to flank from the left, here. [points to the location] Our best chance of being first inside is finding a way to the mall's back entrance, here. [points to a location outside cardboard Red Robin]"
Titties and Dragons,Craig,At Red Robin?
Titties and Dragons,Jimmy,That's right. Red Robin has doors on the inside that go right out into the mall.
Titties and Dragons,Stan,The key to us being the first ones inside is taking over the Red Robin before Black Friday starts.
Titties and Dragons,Craig,So how do we take over Black Robin?
Titties and Dragons,Stan,I have no idea.
Titties and Dragons,Pete,"[appearing at the tent's entrance] Hey uh, excuse me?"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Yes?
Titties and Dragons,Pete,"The uh, XBox fighters are here and they say they wanna switch sides?"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"What? [moments later, outside, Stan walks towards Cartman as the two armies face each other]"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Go ahead and tell him, Cartman."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Alright. on behalf of the XBox fighters of Zaron we hereby lay down our arms and give up, okay?"
Titties and Dragons,Craig,Haha.
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Shut up, Craig! This is very difficult! You guys win, alright?! We'll all play on PlayStation 4s! We still think XBox is the superior machine, but you got too many people on your side, and then Kenny became a Japanese princess."
Titties and Dragons,Clyde,Nobody saw that coming.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Look, the truth is, we all have a bigger problem now, and you know it. Nobody is going to get anything if we don't work together against those thousands of other shoppers."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"So, better a PS4 than nothing, is that it? I think we'll take our chances on our own. [turns around and walks away]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"We know a way inside the Red Robin. [this stops Stan, Jimmy and Craig] You don't think you're the only ones that thought of it. We were going to use the Red Robin entrance too, and we figured out how."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Red Robin can be rented out, for wedding parties. If we all chip in we can pay for the deposit to have the wedding party there."
Titties and Dragons,Craig,"Hey, that could work."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Let's do this together, dude. [Stan turns around and goes back] Our only shot at playing any next-gen console is by teaming up. If you wanna game on a PS4, then I do too."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,And you swear you'll be okay with that? You won't talk about the XBox being better ever again?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[pledges with his right hand up and puts his left hand behind his back] I swear, Stan."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"[turns around] Alright, guys. Looks like we have a wedding to plan. [as he walks away with Jimmy and Craig, the camera reveals that Kyle had his fingers on the hand behind his back crossed during the swear.]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Switch to Princess Kenny anime-style animation. Sony headquarters, day."
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Taihen. Kono console warusu mada owaranai. [""This is bad! These console wars aren't over yet.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 3,"Sou desu [""That's right""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Un? [""Oh?""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 3,"[holds up a chart showing the projected sales of XBox and PS4 in Japan] XBox to Sony PS4 neku ando neku desu. [""The XBox and Sony PS4 are neck and neck.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Minna-san, ii yo. Purincessu Kenni ganbaru. [""Everyone, its alright. Princess Kenny will give it her all.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Secretary 1,"Kenni-chan, shitsure desu kedo. Wedding invitation kimashita. [""Kenny-chan, sorry to interrupt, but a wedding invitation has arrived.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Ha? Ueddingu? [""Huh? Wedding?"" Kenny reads the front of the invitation: ""You are invited to a wedding at Red Robin""]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[Cartman's portrait, anime-style with a beard, voices over as Kenny reads the note inside the invitation.] Kenny-chan, please come home at once. Our two houses have found peace. Come to the Red Robin wedding, and we will accept you as the princess you are. Yours truly, the Wizard King."
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Waaah? Sugoi-chan. [""What? Sweet!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Purincessu Kenni ueddingu irimasu ne? [""Princess Kenny is going to be in a wedding, right?""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Un. [""Yeah.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Purincessu Kenni, honto ni zenbu arigato [""Princess Kenny, thanks so much for everything.""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Ki o tsukete, Kenni-chan [""Take care, Kenny-chan!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Purincessu Kenni, sayonara! [""Goodbye, Princess Kenny!"" They all bow]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"Minna-san, sayonara! Ima, Purincessu Kenni tomodachi ni kaerimasu! [""Goodbye, everyone! Princess Kenny is going back home to her friends!"" Kenny jumps out the window... and drops straight down. She crashes into the street below and leaves a big puddle of blood]"
Titties and Dragons,Man,Eh?!
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Nande koto! Purincessu Kenni koroshita! [""Oh my God! It killed Princess Kenny!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 2,"Honto! Purincessu Kenni shindeitta! [""It's true! Princess Kenny is dead!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Exec. 1,"Horaa! [""Look!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"[gets up and dusts himself off, then floats in the air] Purincessu Kenni daijobu dayo! [""Princess Kenny is fine!""]"
Titties and Dragons,The office,"Ahh, kawaii! [The men's eyes turn to hearts, the women's to happy upside-down U's--""Ahh, how cute!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Return to normal animation style. The Garden of Andros, yet again. Cartman walks with Stan now."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Sir Stan, I was hoping I could talk to you about the wedding."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Yeah, sure, what about it?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"I think it's best that when the time comes for the mall to open, we should stay back a bit from the doors. [reaches out for a yellow rose]"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Why?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Well, think about it. [hands the rose to Stan, who takes it] The first people inside are gonna have to take on the brunt of the holiday shoppers from the main entrance. It's best we let Butters and Scott Malkinson go first. While they fight, we can simply slip on by."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Oh, okay I guess that makes sense, but... Butters and Scott won't be able to get their PS4s."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Yes, that's true, but, let's face Sir Stan. This is all about you and me getting PlayStations. The rest are simply there to help us... get through-"
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,"He's lying to you! [Cartman gets annoyed, and he and Stan look at Thompson] They're just acting like they've given up, but it's a double-bluff!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,Dude! Dude!
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,They're gonna betray you at the Red Robin wedding! He got the idea watching Game of Thrones!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Dude, shut the fuck up!"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Who is that?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,He's just this old crazy guy who gets pissed off because I'm in his garden all the time.
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,They're gonna lock you in!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"God damn it, shut up!"
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,He talked about it in my garden to like three other people! They're gonna lock you in the Red Robin and go get all the XBoxes! That's why he wants you to stay back from the doors!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Well why don't you just tell the whole world everything, huh?! Why don't you tell everyone what Prometheus was about while you're at it?!"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Did Kyle know about this?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Dude, we're not gonna betray you. Come on! Did you see Prometheus? I don't think the writers even knew what that was about."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Did Kyle know about this?!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[sighs] Kyle thought of it. [Stan bolts out of there] Stan, dude, hold on! XBox One is fuckin' sweet, dude! [with Stan not returning, Cartman looks at Thompson] You're a fuckin' asshole!"
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,"Fuck you, get out of my garden!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,I'll shit in your fuckin' garden!
Titties and Dragons,Thompson,Go fuck yourself! [slams his bedroom window shut]
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Channel 9 News
Titties and Dragons,Tammy,"Well, the wait is over and Black Friday is finally here."
Titties and Dragons,Tom,"Niles Lawson is at the scene, and it's about time, Niles."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"That's right Tom. Mall officials have said they are ready, and doors will open as soon as their guest of honor cuts the ceremonial red ribbon. [shown] This year's ribbon cutter is of course George R. R. Martin, who um, doesn't appear to have shown up yet, [a real-life photo of George R. R. Martin is shown] but uhh, says he is on his way. Just like the dragons and zombies in his novels, he is on his way."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Sure enough, two horses run through frozen New Mexico. One carries George R. R. Martin, the other carries Butters and Scott, who has passed out from lack of eating"
Titties and Dragons,Butters,Now just hold on a minute! Well I'm pretty darned sure the fastest way back to Colorado isn't on horseback!
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"That may be true, but horses have one quality that is unmatched by any other mode of transportation."
Titties and Dragons,Butters,"What's that? [looks around, than below, his horse] Awww! [horse is shown with a huge semi-hard penis.]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Red Robin, day. As the boys and Red Robin workers go about preparing the restaurant for a wedding, Cartman talks to the manager. After hanging up a ""Happy Wedding"" banner, Clyde and Craig come down some ladders"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Okay, cool, could we set up the two long tables here, like, facing each other, and then another one for the bride and groom back there?"
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Uh, I heard a rumor. May I ask, who is it that's getting married?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oh uum, Tom Hanks aaand Beyoncé."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"It's, it's real? It's for real? Oho my God, I love them!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Yesh, kewl."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,So Beyoncé is not with Jay-Z anymore?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Well, clearly she wouldn't be marrying Tom Hanks at Red Robin if she was."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Uh, guys, guys, not those tables. Get the good tables. This is VIP, okay?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,Has anyone heard from Butters and Scott Malkinson? The fuck are they?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[rushes up] Cartman, Cartman! I heard that Stan somehow found out about our plan!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Yes, he did."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,Well what the hell are you doing?! This isn't gonna work now!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[shushes Kyle up and walks him a few steps] It's fine, Kyle. Everything's been taken care of. Stan won't be telling anybody anything... ever again."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,[getting alarmed] What the hell did you do??
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"What had to be done so that we can play our games on XBoxes, Kyle!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,No. Tell me you didn't!
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Stan's house, evening. Sharon takes Kyle up to Stan's room and briefs him on Stan's trouble"
Titties and Dragons,Sharon,"He's not allowed to come out of his room, so you can talk to him through the door."
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Thanks, Mrs. Marsh."
Titties and Dragons,Sharon,And keep it short. He's in real trouble. He defecated in a nice old man's garden.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Ok-okay. [watches her leave, walks over to Stan's door and knocks] Stan? Stan?"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"[startled out of his sleep] Huh? Hello? Who is that? [next to him is a glass of milk, a sandwich with a bite in it, and a tin cup]"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Stan, it's me."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,Get out of here!
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Dude, I know you're pissed at me right now. You've gotta understand that I did it because I know in my heart that the XBox is better, for all of us."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,You completely betrayed the last bit of friendship we still had.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"You weren't playing fair, dude. Getting your dad to work part time at the mall wasn't fair."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"[stands and turns to address Kyle] I didn't even know he was working at the mall, Kyle!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,You didn't?
Titties and Dragons,Stan,...But you couldn't just ask me. Because XBox people... don't care about the truth. They just care about seamless multimedia connectivity.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Stan. I'm sorry. This whole war has just got us all so screwed up. I just want us to be playing Call of Duty on the right machine."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,You don't understand. I'm never playing Call of Duty with you again.
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[lets his head fall on the door] Stan, don't say that."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Get out of here! I'm done with you! [grabs the tin cup and raps it against his bedroom 'jail cell' door as in classic prison movies] Mom! Mom! [Kyle stands up straight] Get him out of here! [Sharon arrives, and Kyle back away from the door] Get him out! [Kyle leaves]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Inside the currently empty South Park Mall atrium, night. Randy addresses the other guards"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"Now listen up: there are only eight of us now. Peterson was a great guy, and he did not deserve to get beheaded like that. Now I don't know about you, but I am sick and tired of getting to know people here, getting invested in their personalities and their back stories, and then having them die! [points to the main entrance] When those doors open, we all stick together! If anyone panics, it puts us all at risk! [a blond guard begins to weep] Stay tough, rookie."
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,"We're not gonna make it, sir."
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"We're gonna make it! You've got a newborn little girl who needs her daddy to make it! I'm not going to let you die, okay?!"
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,Okay.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,OKAY?!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,Yes sir! Yes sir.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"Not one more good person dies on my watch! [all of a sudden, shoppers break through the skylight on the upper level]"
Titties and Dragons,Guard 3,Oh my God!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 8,They're comin' in through the roof!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 6,"[begins to back away] I can't do this! I'm sorry! I can't do this! [runs off, and now there are seven]"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"Stay at your post! [an arrow pierces the fleeing guard's back right chest. Randy is shown again, holding the bow from which the arrow came] Nooo! NOOO! EVERYBODY REALLY LIKED HIM!! NOOO!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. A helicopter shot of the crowd outside the mall."
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Here we go, Tom. George R. R. Martin has finally arrived to cut the red ribbon. [George R. R. Martin is shown behind the red ribbon with scissors in hand]"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to be here this morning on behalf of South Park Mall Partners and channel 9 News, your go-to source for news, weather, and sports."
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 8,"Just do it! [the shoppers in front crouch down, ready to run inside]"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"Very well. In the tradition of our ancestors, [lowers the scissors to a cutting position] let's bring in the holidays! [more jockeying for position. George R. R. Martin pulls up at the last moment and closes the scissors] But first, I'd like to share with you a few words about my wiener."
Titties and Dragons,Crowd,"AAAWWWW!! [off to one side, where the crowd can't see, the Goth kids approach Red Robin]"
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Hey, sorry guys. Red Robin is closed for a special event today."
Titties and Dragons,Pete,"Yeah, we know. We're with the wedding."
Titties and Dragons,Manager,"Oh great, go right on in. [smiles and lets them in]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Red Robin, inside. The theme is medieval times, with the boys in costume. Both houses - House PS4 and House XBox - are present. Jimmy plays the flute while Craig accompanies him on tambourine in a medieval style song."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Everyone! Everyone, a Black Friday toast. How awesome that we are all friends again. Our two houses brought together. Soon we will all have our PlayStation 4s. [all cheer] And to you, my old friend, Princess Kenny. You really look stunning. No doubt the gods have smiled down upon your perky boobs."
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"(My boobs? You flatter me, Grand Wizard!)"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Now, if you'll excuse my, my lady, I need to take a shit. [leaves the table and goes to the mall-side entrance, where Clyde is keeping watch] What have you found out?"
Titties and Dragons,Clyde,The mall isn't open yet. They're waiting for George R. R. Martin to come cut the ribbon.
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oh okay, that could be a while. [turns away from the door] All our men are ready. When the mall opens, blow the whistle. We'll rush through the doors and lock the Sony dorks inside. Alright, now I really do need to take a shit."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,At the mall entrance...
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,O soft and pink with purple head.Gently you lay with me on my bed.
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 9,"Get on with it, George R. R. Martin! [the rest of the crowd rallies behind him]"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,"""Growl, growl"" calls the wiener from on high A little tiny wiener, still so pleasing to the eye."
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 10,Enough with the wieners already!
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 11,"Yeah, come on!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Back at Red Robin... Cartman is back from the restroom and looks over to the mall entrance
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,Clyde? Where the hell is Clyde? Clyde?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"[approaches Cartman and Kenny's table] Princess Kenny, I believe it's time we returned the Wizard's hospitality! [the PS4 soldiers immediately brandish their weapons and aim them at the XBox soldiers. Tweek advances on Token with an armed bow. Kenny has his sword under Cartman's chin]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,What the hell is this?!
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Cartman. There's been a little change in plans!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Sir Kyle, they're about to open the mall! What are you doing?!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"I am no longer an XBox guy! I let my friend get grounded, but today I will give him a PlayStation!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Kyle, the PlayStation controller sucks and you know it!"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"The fight is over, Cartman!"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,[walks into view] It's not over. Looks like I came just in time.
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oho! Bill Gates! Sweet! In your face, Kyle!"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"[walks into view and speaks in very thick accent] You will not interfere, Bill Gates! These-a children will get their PS4s!"
Titties and Dragons,Kenny,"(The Sony president's here too, desu ka? [""Is that the Sony president here, too?""])"
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,Wait a minute. Ha-how the hell did these two guys end up here?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,They're not a part of your betrayal?
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,No. They're not a part of your betrayal?
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"No. Whose betrayal is this? [the sound of chains comes from the mall entrance - Stan locks the doors, then turns around]"
Titties and Dragons,Stan,We're done with betrayals! It's time to put an end to this!
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,Stan?
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Inside the mall...
Titties and Dragons,Guard 3,"Sir? Sir, Operations just said they need one of us to unlock the door to Red Robin to let some wedding party inside the mall!"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,Screw them! They'll have to fend for themselves! Wait. Red Robin Wedding? Who's getting married?!
Titties and Dragons,Guard 3,Tom Hanks and Beyoncé.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"What?! Oh my God, everyone likes Tom Hanks and Beyoncé! [runs towards Red Robin] I've gotta save them!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Back at Red Robin...
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"I appreciate what you're trying to do, Kyle, but I have a better idea! This isn't our war, you guys! It never was. We've been pitted against each other by two companies for the sake of marketing. That's why they want lines around the block. [stops between the two presidents] Because they want a war to promote their products. They don't give a crap what kind of friendships they cost. You two want a war so bad? [throws his sword at the Sony president] Then you fucking fight!"
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Huh? [strokes the wooden sword] Sou...[""I see...""]"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,Then let's finish it! [begins to unbutton his shirt] You and me!
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Ikimashou! [""Let's go!""]"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,"[now topless, he is fully covered in MS-13 gang tattoos. Prominent chest tattoo is ""MS-DOS""] Winner take all!"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Oh dude, this is pretty sweet."
Titties and Dragons,Sony President,"Then let this be your last fight, Bill Gates. [Gates throws the first punch, then follows up with a few kicks. The Sony president comes back with a right hook. The kids look on in horror as the men fight unarmed. Butters finally shows up.]"
Titties and Dragons,Butters,"Hey, fellas. What did I miss? [smiles]"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"At the main mall entrance, George R. R. Martin is still expounding on wieners"
Titties and Dragons,George R. R. Martin,Look at this wiener. [unzips his pants] Judge it by its size?Rub it three times and it has a surprise. [Shopper 4 joins George R. R. Martin after George R. R. Martin exposes his penis and opens up a switchblade]
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 4,"That's it! You're not delaying this anymore, you wiener-loving bitch! [slices off George R. R. Martin's penis and throws it into the crowd, which cheers wildly. Shopper 4 cuts the ribbon, and the crowd surges into the mall. The six remaining guards are powerless against the crowd]"
Titties and Dragons,Guard 8,"Happy holidays, Rick. [grabs Rick's hand and holds it as the crowd surges forward]"
Titties and Dragons,Rick,"And to you, my friend. [Utter chaos. The guards are overpowered and trampled on. The shoppers break into the stores, destroying windows and looting. One man dies impaled on a broken window. A lot of adults grab ""Stop Touching Me Elmo""s]"
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 12,"Grab it Rebecca! Grab it [has her girl stretching out to grab an Elmo from the top shelf. Another woman comes up behind her and hits her with a bat, knocking the Elmo out of the girl's hands. The second woman is herself thrown into a shelf by a man.]"
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 2,[Morbidly obese shopper throwing people out of her way left and right] Kiss my fat vagina!
Titties and Dragons,Shopper 13,"[combat music starts in imitation of ""Game of Thrones"" credit music as shopper 13 competes with other shoppers to grab items from a cardboard box] Gimme that camera! Give it up! [live-action archived footage from a rush on Cabbage Patch Kids, and more from Walmart and Target]"
Titties and Dragons,Randy,Get back! Get out of my way! [his phone rings and he answers it] Commander Marsh?
Titties and Dragons,Sharon,Did you know that your son is supposed to be grounded and he snuck out to go to Red Robin?!
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"WHAT?? STAN'S IN THE RED ROBIN WEDDING TOO?? OH GOD, I REALLY CARE ABOUT HIM!"
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Back at Red Robin, Bill Gates finishes off the Sony president with five head smashes into the ground."
Titties and Dragons,Gates,"This... is over... Now... you die! {cracks the president's head open and creates a pool of blood, then throwing him into a wall for good measure. The president's brain is exposed. Tired and breathless, Gates walks over to a table and leans on it a little] It's over. Xbox... wins! [no one is happy about this.]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"[flatly] Yay, XBox wins."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,[flatly] Yay.
Titties and Dragons,Randy,"[unlocks the doors and opens them] Stan! You're alive! I saved you! [falls on to his knees] It's okay, Beyoncé! The fight's over! You can still shop! [falls over, exhausted]"
Titties and Dragons,Gates,"Go on, kids. [gasps] Go get your XBoxes. [the kids silently leave Red Robin. Music changes to a solo piano playing ""Oh Christmas Tree"" in imitation of ""A Charlie Brown Christmas"". Eleven of them walk through the mall, through a sea of bodies and blood, and up to the second floor on an escalator]"
Titties and Dragons,Elmo,[on an adjacent escalator] Can Elmo smell your genitals? [the boys walk over to EVGames]
Titties and Dragons,EVGames clerk,"[unscathed, despite the destruction to his shop] Happy holidays, guys. What can I interest ya in? [the shelf behind him, full of PS4s and XB1s, is surprisingly unscathed]"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,We'd like to get XBox Ones please.
Titties and Dragons,EVGames clerk,Good choice! [gives the boys a thumbs up]
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Channel 9 news report set in front of parking lot full of dead shoppers. ""A Charlie Brown Christmas"" piano music still underscores."
Titties and Dragons,Randy,[Silently carries a flat panel television past the mass of dead bodies.]
Titties and Dragons,Niles,"Tom, the shopping frenzy is over, and it looks like Microsoft's new XBox One is this year's hot item. No doubt this will secure its place as the go-to next-gen console. Black Friday is over. There's been death, violence, horrible human behavior... and the big winner here, decidedly, is Channel 9 News."
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, afternoon. The eleven who went to EVGames - Timmy, Tweek, Craig, Clyde, Kenny, Token, Kyle, Butters, Jimmy, Cartman, Stan - and Scott are in the living room. Cartman and Stan are playing while the others are behind them, watching."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"The interface is pretty cool. See, I told you guys, it's really a... it's a seamless interface."
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Yes, it is."
Titties and Dragons,Butters,The graphics are definitely like 10% better than the old XBox.
Titties and Dragons,Jimmy,Yeah that's that's that's pretty nice. [the game falls silent]
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,You guys wanna p-play outside or something? [the boys glance around at each other. Soon the sliding door opens and the boys walk out onto the back yard]
Titties and Dragons,Kyle,"Cartman? Your side won, dude. Why are you so sad?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,I just... I can't get the image of Bill Gates... bashing that guy's head apart out of my eyes.
Titties and Dragons,Stan,"Yeah, I know what you mean. Well look, guys, XBox won the console wars, I mean, what are we gonna do? Not play video games?"
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"The last two weeks we've been too busy to play video games and, look at what we did. There's been drama, action, romance... I mean honestly you guys, do we need video games to play?"
Titties and Dragons,The boys,"Yeah, you're right. You make a point."
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,"Maybe we started to rely on Microsoft and Sony so much that we forgot that all we need to play are the simplest things. Like, like this. [grabs a stick from the ground] We could just play with this. Screw video games, dude! Who fuckin' needs them?!"
Titties and Dragons,The boys,Yeah!
Titties and Dragons,Cartman,[holds the stick up high in the sun] Fuck 'em!
Titties and Dragons,Scene Description,Quick commercial. A box for The Stick of Truth appears onscreen
Titties and Dragons,Announcer,"The South Park video game, coming to stores soon!"
Titties and Dragons,Butters,"[pops up onscreen] Yeah, and if you believe that I've got a big floppy wiener to dangle in your face!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. The cheerleaders are at practice"
The Hobbit,Cheerleaders,"Yeah, yeah, do we rock?! Yeah, yeah, take it to the top! Yeah, yeah, are we gonna stop?! No way! No way!"
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Cheer Squad roll call! [each cheerleader steps forward, announces her name, and steps back]"
The Hobbit,Heidi,Heidi!
The Hobbit,Nichole,Nichole!
The Hobbit,Bebe,Bebe!
The Hobbit,Lola,Lola!
The Hobbit,Red,Red!
The Hobbit,Annie,Annie!
The Hobbit,Lisa,[slowly steps forward and speaks slowly] Lisa Berger. [this brings down the other cheerleaders]
The Hobbit,Annie,Oh God.
The Hobbit,Red,Here we go.
The Hobbit,Nichole,Ugh.
The Hobbit,Bebe,Can we maybe try one without Lisa Berger?
The Hobbit,Wendy,"You guys, stop it! Okay, Lisa, that's great. But you need to have more confidence, okay?"
The Hobbit,Lisa,But I'm the fat one.
The Hobbit,Wendy,What?
The Hobbit,Lisa,Every cheerleading squad has a fat ugly cheerleader and that's me.
The Hobbit,Wendy,"See, that's the problem, Lisa. You have a bad self-image. Just project all your sassiness to all the boys out there, okay?"
The Hobbit,Heidi,There's only one boy that Lisa cares about.
The Hobbit,Red,"Yeah, Lisa has a crush on Butters."
The Hobbit,Lisa,Shut up!
The Hobbit,Wendy,"But, Lisa, that's great! Have you told Butters that you like him?"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"No way. I, I'd just get made fun of."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Lisa, this is exactly what you need! Take Butters to see a movie or something! It'll do wonders for your confidence!"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"The cafeteria, later. Kenny, Cartman, Tweek, Craig, Clyde, and Butters are seated at table, with Butters recounting something"
The Hobbit,Butters,"So then, ah, the fella with the mustache eats all the cupcakes, and the lady takes out a gun and puts it in his face and she says ""I""-"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"Uh, excuse me. Butters?"
The Hobbit,Butters,"[confused for a moment, then looks over his left shoulder] Oh. Yes?"
The Hobbit,Lisa,"Um, well, I was just wondering if... [strokes her hair] maybe... [brings her arm down] you would like to go to a movie this weekend."
The Hobbit,Butters,"Oh. Oh like a date? Oh no thanks, Lisa. I really appreciate the offer, but you're too fat for me."
The Hobbit,Lisa,"[casts her eyes down] Okay, thanks."
The Hobbit,Butters,"See ya, Lisa! [Esther overhears the conversation from the next table and looks over her shoulder at Butters]"
The Hobbit,Craig,"Haha, Butters got asked out by a fat girl."
The Hobbit,Clyde,"At least she didn't try to sit on him. [the other boys at the table laugh, except Cartman]"
The Hobbit,Cartman,"You guys, come on. That's not kewl. You shouldn't rip on her because she's fat. You should rip on her 'cause she's ugly. Okay? She looks like someone hit her in the face with a hot shovel, and that's why she sucks, alright?"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"The hallway, later. Butters is at his locker"
The Hobbit,Butters,"Camptown ladies sing this song, doo-da, doo-da. [Wendy comes to view at the end of the hall and spots him, then walks up to him] Camptown racetrack's five miles long Oh, de doo-da day. Oh-"
The Hobbit,Wendy,[grabs his locker door and slams it shut] What the fuck is your problem?!
The Hobbit,Butters,"Oh. Hey, Wendy."
The Hobbit,Wendy,Are you just an asshole?! Is that it?!
The Hobbit,Butters,Am I just an asshole?
The Hobbit,Wendy,Yeah!
The Hobbit,Butters,"Well, m-no. I've got arms and legs; I've got everything."
The Hobbit,Wendy,Lisa Berger asked you out and you called her fat?! Do you have any idea how you made her feel?! She's a really nice girl!
The Hobbit,Butters,"Ah, I think she's a nice girl too. She's just too big for me."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"She's a little overweight, but that's pretty normal for a girl in the fourth grade!"
The Hobbit,Butters,Well Kim Kardashian is skinny and she just had a baby!
The Hobbit,Wendy,What?!
The Hobbit,Butters,"I'm sorry, Wendy, but I have a different standard when it comes to my women. [opens his locker again. On the door are several pinup posters of Kim Kardashian] I want a woman who takes care of herself and knows how to look good, who's got perfect skin and no splotches on her legs, and perfect everything."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"[grabs the poster] This is a fantasy, you moron! You ever heard of Photoshop?! Kim Kardashian is a short, overweight woman who manipulates her image and makes average girls feel horrible about themselves!"
The Hobbit,Butters,You're a liar!
The Hobbit,Wendy,"Look it up, stupid! [crushes the poster into a wad] In real life, Kim Kardashian has the body of a hobbit! [throws the wadded-up poster to the floor and walks away. As Butters reaches for the poster, Wendy turns around] You're gonna be in real trouble when the teachers find out what you said to that poor girl! [turns around and goes around the corner. Butters unwads the poster]"
The Hobbit,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, later. Butters is in there with Mr. Mackey, crying. Wendy walks in a few seconds later"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, take a seat, Wendy. I guess some mean things were said and I need to get to the bottom of it."
The Hobbit,Wendy,"[noticing Butters] Oh, good. Lisa Berger told on you? Good!"
The Hobbit,Mr. Mackey,"Uh no, Wendy, apparently, you called Butters' girlfriend a hobbit."
