The Succubus,Receptionist,Chef?
The Succubus,Kyle,"He's a big guy, with a beard."
The Succubus,Stan,And a chef hat.
The Succubus,Kenny,{And a real huge dick.}
The Succubus,Receptionist,Oh! The black guy!
The Succubus,Stan,Huh?
The Succubus,Receptionist,"Third cubicle on the left [directs them to the work area, where Chef's hat can be seen, but stops Cartman] Hey! Aren't you that cute little kid from Jerry Maguire?"
The Succubus,Cartman,"[dismissively] Uh, yeah, sure sure."
The Succubus,Receptionist,Wow! You really got fat.
The Succubus,Cartman,Ey!
The Succubus,Scene Description,The boys reach Chef's cubicle
The Succubus,Chef,"Hello there, children."
The Succubus,Kids,"Hey, Chef."
The Succubus,Chef,"Eric, you got glasses!"
The Succubus,Stan,"Chef, you have to dump the bitch!"
The Succubus,Chef,Huh?
The Succubus,Kyle,"We need you, Chef."
The Succubus,Man,"[pops up from another cubicle] Hey, Chef-o, we're gonna run down to the office supply store and get some leather holders for our pagers, you wanna come?"
The Succubus,Chef,You bet! [the guy grins]
The Succubus,Kyle,"Chef, this place isn't you!"
The Succubus,Chef,"Children, Veronica showed me that I've been living a very empty life. Meaningless sex is fun for twenty or thirty years, but after that, it starts to get old."
The Succubus,Stan,But we don't like her.
The Succubus,Chef,Why not??
The Succubus,Stan,I don't know-uh. No reason I guess.
The Succubus,Chef,"Children, friends get girlfriends all the time. It's something even you will have to face with each other some day."
The Succubus,Kyle,"No way, dude!"
The Succubus,Cartman,"Please, Chef! I don't know what to do about my stupid glasses."
The Succubus,Chef,That's easy! Get some laser corrective surgery. That's what I did.
The Succubus,Cartman,Hey! Laser corrective surgery! Thanks Chef!
The Succubus,Chef,You see? Everything's gonna be fine. Now how about I meet you boys after work and we can play ball?
The Succubus,Kids,Okay!
The Succubus,Scene Description,The bus stop. The boys wait for Chef. Cartman carries a bat in his right hand and a baseball in his left
The Succubus,Kyle,Chef should be here any minute.
The Succubus,Scene Description,"The day passes into night, and Kenny falls asleep. Rats gather and nibble on him. The others stand watch waiting for Chef, but there's no sign of him. The night turns to day, and still no Chef. Kenny wakes up..."
The Succubus,Stan,[pissed] Dude! He bailed on us!
The Succubus,Kyle,[pissed] I can't believe it!
The Succubus,Stan,Come on! We're going to his house! [they leave the bus stop]
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Chef's house, inside. There's a knock on the door and Chef answers. The boys stand outside, angry."
The Succubus,Chef,"Oh! Uh, hello there, children."
The Succubus,Kyle,"All right, mister! You better have a good explanation for why you didn't show up to play ball!"
The Succubus,Chef,"Oh, children, I'm sorry. I forgot."
The Succubus,Stan,[sarcastic] You forgot!
The Succubus,Chef,Veronica surprised me at the office and took me out to dinner. [dreamy] She's so amazing.
The Succubus,Kyle,"Well, we've got something to tell you about Veronica, Chef!"
The Succubus,Veronica,"[appears behind Chef] Hello, children!"
The Succubus,Cartman,"Ma'am, we're having a dude moment here, if you don't mind?"
The Succubus,Chef,"Children, I've got some great news for you. Veronica and I are getting married. [a dramatic riff signals the boys' alarm]"
The Succubus,Stan,Oh no! No nononononono!
The Succubus,Chef,"My whole family's coming here for the wedding, and I want you boys to come, too."
The Succubus,Veronica,This is so wonderful! Let's sing! [gets the guitar] There's got to be a morning after.
The Succubus,Chef,[blandly] If we can hold on through the night. [the boys are truly shocked] We have a chance to find the sunshine.
The Succubus,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Mr. Garrison's class"
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"And that, children, is what you need to know about The Facts Of Life. So, let's review. [writes a diagram on the board] Tootie left in the fourth season, but Blair and Jo stayed on and got husbands, leaving the fifth and sixth seasons hideously stagnant. [the bell rings] Okay children, that's lunch. See you in thirty minutes. [the class leaves, but the boys walk up to Garrison]"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, can we talk to you?"
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,Sure.
The Succubus,Stan,"Normally we go to Chef with our problems, but wuh we can't this time."
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"[asserting himself] Well children, I am your teacher. I think you'll find that my advice is just as valuable as Chef's, if not more so."
The Succubus,Kyle,"All right. Mr. Garrison, have you ever had a friend who got a new girlfriend, and then stopped being your friend, and it pissed you off?"
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, the old succubus syndrome."
The Succubus,Stan,What's a succubus?
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,A succubus is a woman sent from Hell to suck the life out of a man.
The Succubus,Kyle,That's it!
The Succubus,Stan,Yeah!
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, there's not much you can do about a succubus. Their evil power makes man blind to love."
The Succubus,Kyle,This is totally what's happening!
The Succubus,Stan,"Wow, you are smart, Mr. Garrison!"
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, I tell you boys, women can kill. Poontang's expensive. That's why when it comes to chicks, I just screw them and leave them. I'd say ""get out of my bedroom, poontang, before you suck my life dry!"""
The Succubus,Kyle,"Thanks, Mr. Garrison."
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"Sure, kids. [the boys leave the classroom]"
The Succubus,Mr. Hat,You're not fooling anyone!
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"Shut your hole, Mr. Hat!"
The Succubus,Scene Description,South Park business district. The boys head back to Steinburg & Burgstein
The Succubus,Kyle,Come on guys! We gotta go tell Chef he's in love with a succubus.
The Succubus,Stan,"Yeah! He's gonna be so thankful we told him. [a small station wagon pulls up, driven by Cartman's mom]"
The Succubus,Liane,"There you are, Eric! Come on, we have to go to the eye doctor."
The Succubus,Cartman,"Oh, no!"
The Succubus,Liane,Come on. Do you want your laser corrective surgery or not?
The Succubus,Cartman,"Yes, but can't we wait until tomorrow."
The Succubus,Liane,"Now, hon."
The Succubus,Cartman,But mo-om! I have to tell Chef that he's marrying a succubuuus!
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Chef's house. People are milling around outside as Stan, Kyle, and Kenny arrive. Stan rings the doorbell, and an elderly gray-haired man answers"
The Succubus,Chef's dad,"Hello there, children."
The Succubus,Stan,Who are you?
The Succubus,Chef's dad,I'm Chef's father. We just flew in for the wedding.
The Succubus,Kyle,"Oh, hi. Is Chef here? We have to talk to him."
The Succubus,Chef's dad,"Well, come on in. [they enter]"
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Once inside, Chef's dad closes the door"
The Succubus,Kyle,There he is! [rushes in]
The Succubus,Scene Description,"The fitting room. Chef's dad shows them in, then leaves. A tailor takes Chef's measurements for the pants as Veronica walks by. Chef is wearing the finished coat and shirt."
The Succubus,Stan,"Chef, we have to talk to you!"
The Succubus,Chef,"Who? Not now, children! I gotta get fitted for my britches! Be right back. [hurries away. Stan's head drops, then the boys walk away.]"
The Succubus,Scene Description,The living room. The boys reach the sofa and hop up to sit on it. Chef's parents sit across from them on the love seat. An uneasy silence follows
The Succubus,Chef's dad,"Well, aren't you crackers just cute as the dickens?"
The Succubus,Stan,You're Chef's parents?
The Succubus,Chef's mom,"Yes, all his life."
The Succubus,Kyle,We have to talk to him!
The Succubus,Chef's dad,"Well, he should be out now directly."
The Succubus,Chef's mom,"Oh, he's so excited about the wedding now."
The Succubus,Chef's dad,"Say, would you crackers like to hear about the time we saw the Loch Ness monster?"
The Succubus,Stan,"No, that's okay."
The Succubus,Chef's dad,"Ooh, it must've been about seven, eight years ago. Me and the little lady was out on this boat, you see, all alone at night, when all of a sudden this huge creature, this giant crustacean from the paleolithic era, comes out of the water."
The Succubus,Chef's mom,"We was so scared, Lord have mercy, I jumped up in the boat and I said ""Thomas, what on earth is that creature?!"""
The Succubus,Thomas,"It stood above us looking down with these big red eyes,-"
The Succubus,Chef's mom,"Oh, it was so scary!"
The Succubus,Thomas,"and I yelled. I said, ""What do you want from us, monster?!"" And the monster bent down and said, ""...Uh I need about tree-fitty."" [a long silence follows]"
The Succubus,Kyle,What's tree-fitty?
The Succubus,Thomas,Three dollars and fifty cents.
The Succubus,Chef's mom,Tree-fitty.
The Succubus,Stan,He wanted money?
The Succubus,Thomas,"That's right. I said ""I ain't giving you no tree-fitty you goddamn Loch Ness monster! Get your own goddamn money!"""
The Succubus,Chef's mom,I gave him a dollar.
The Succubus,Thomas,She gave him a dollar.
The Succubus,Chef's mom,I thought he'd go away if I gave him a dollar.
The Succubus,Thomas,"Well of course he's not gonna go away, Nellie! You give him a dollar, he's gonna assume you got more!"
The Succubus,Scene Description,The optometrist's office. Cartman is on the examination chair flanked by a nurse on each side. He is wearing a breathing mask. Doctor Lout moves around him
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"Okay, let's get started. You're here for the liposuction, right? [the nurses giggle]"
The Succubus,Cartman,Hey! You son of a bitch!
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,All right. Time to laser me a little piggy. [the nurses giggle]
The Succubus,Cartman,"Ey! You son of a bitch! I'm gonna kick you square in the nuh- [Doctor Lout turns up the sleeping gas] I'm gonyanya, uhnyuh, uhnyuuh, nyaahh [the gas knocks him out]"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,I bet his mom wishes she could do that.
The Succubus,Scene Description,Chef's house. Thomas is still telling the story...
The Succubus,Thomas,"And that was the third time we saw the Loch Ness monster. Then one time, I believe it was July-"
The Succubus,Nellie,August.
The Succubus,Thomas,"August. There's a knock on the door. I open it, and there's this cute little girl scout-"
The Succubus,Nellie,"And she was so adorable, with the little pig tails and all."
The Succubus,Thomas,"And she says to me, ""How would you like to buy some cookies?"" And I said ""Well, what kind do you have?"" She had thin mints, graham crunchy things-"
The Succubus,Nellie,Raisin oatmeal.
The Succubus,Thomas,"Raisin oatmeal, and I said ""We'll take a graham crunch. How much will that be?"" And she looks at me and she says, ""...Uh I need about tree-fitty."""
The Succubus,Nellie,...Tree-fitty.
The Succubus,Thomas,"Well, it was about that time that I notice that girl scout was about eight stories tall and was a crustacean from the protozoic era."
The Succubus,Nellie,The Loch Ness monster.
The Succubus,Thomas,"I said, ""Dammit monster! Get off my lawn! I ain't giving you no tree-fitty!"" It said, ""how about just two-fitty?"" I said, ""Oh, now it's only two-fitty!! What?! Is there a sale on Loch Ness munchies or something?!"""
The Succubus,Nellie,"Lord, he was angry."
The Succubus,Thomas,"Damn right, I was angry!"
The Succubus,Nellie,"Not you, the monster. He was about to kick your ass."
The Succubus,Thomas,"Aah, shut your mouth, woman!"
The Succubus,Stan,"Uh, could you just tell Chef we were here?"
The Succubus,Thomas,"Sure. That crazy old monster [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk out] Now, then the fourth time I saw the..."
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Cartman's room. Cartman is in bed recovering from the laser corrective surgery on his eyes. Patches cover his eyes and are taped to his face. There's a knock on his door, and the boys enter"
The Succubus,Stan,"[disappointed] Cartman, what the hell are you doing?!"
The Succubus,Cartman,That asshole eye doctor screwed up my laser surgery; I have to wear these bandages for three days!
The Succubus,Stan,"Damn, your eyes must really suck, Cartman."
The Succubus,Cartman,"Oh, thanks for the news flash, Tom Brokaw! What happened with Chef? Did you tell him she's a succubus?"
The Succubus,Stan,"Well, we couldn't even talk to him. She's so evil. She has him totally kept away from us."
The Succubus,Liane,"[entering] Eric, you have a little visitor. Is that all right? [the others face her]"
The Succubus,Cartman,"Okay. [Liane leaves, and Veronica soon enters]"
The Succubus,Veronica,"Hello, boys. I heard Eric had laser surgery, so I made him a pie."
The Succubus,Cartman,"Aaah! It's the succubus! [looks in her direction as the others jump, and Kenny pulls his hood tight]"
The Succubus,Veronica,Huh?
The Succubus,Stan,"We know what you are, lady!"
The Succubus,Kyle,Yeah! You're a blood-thirsty succubus!
The Succubus,Veronica,A what?
The Succubus,Stan,A demon from Hell sent to suck the life out of men!
The Succubus,Veronica,"[sweetly] Boys, you know how silly that sounds, don't you?"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Well, you are taking Chef from us. [Kenny has loosened his hood]"
The Succubus,Veronica,"[sets the pie down on the floor] Boys, come here. I want to explain this to you. I know Chef is your friend, but Chef is a grown man. He has needs you boys can't fulfill. He wants a life with me because I make him happy. Do you understand?"
The Succubus,Stan,I guess.
The Succubus,Veronica,"Good. Oh and boys. Just one more thing. I'm going to marry Chef tomorrow, [her face becomes that of a demon's, with blood-red eyes and sharp teeth, and her voice grows sinister] And there's not a God-damned thing you can do about it! [laughs evilly. Stan and Kyle jump and scream, and Kenny pulls his hood tight again. Her face resets itself] Toodle-oo! [leaves]"
The Succubus,Stan,"Jesus dude! [the boys are trembling, and Kenny keeps that hood tight]"
The Succubus,Cartman,What? What happened?
The Succubus,Scene Description,"King Jimmy's Buffet. A banner spans the front of the restaurant, saying, ""Closed for Wedding Rehearsal Dinner Party."" Chef, his family, Veronica, and other guests are present. Soft jazz plays in the background."
The Succubus,Thomas,"Could I have your attention please? [the guests quiet down and the music stops] Tomorrow, my son is gonna get married to a beautiful lady. [sniffles] I'm very happy for them both. [sobs] Ooh there I go! I told myself I wasn't gonna cry, now."
The Succubus,Chef,"It's okay, pop."
The Succubus,Nellie,"Thomas, you're gonna get me going now. [sobs]"
The Succubus,Thomas,"Oh, I remember when Chef was just a three-year-old little man. He came running up to me with a big smile and his little chef's hat on, and he said, ""Poppa, poppa!"" I said ""What do you need, Chef, my boy?"", and he said, ""...I need about tree-fitty."""
The Succubus,Nellie,...Tree-fitty.
The Succubus,Thomas,"Well, it was about that time I got suspicious. I said, ""Chef, why do you need tree-fitty?"" He said, ""My imaginary friend Goo-Goo the dinosaur wants it."" I went to my son's room, and sure enough, there was the Loch Ness monster!"
The Succubus,Nellie,"Oh, it was scary!"
The Succubus,Thomas,"I said, ""Dammit monster! You stop bugging my children now! We work for our money in this house and we don't give money away!"""
The Succubus,Scene Description,"the door opens, and the boys enter"
The Succubus,Stan,"Excuse me! [the boys stop at the register] We're sorry to interrupt, but we've got bad news. [the boys approach the head table]"
The Succubus,Kyle,[pointing to Veronica] This is not a woman! It is a succubus!
The Succubus,Chef,What?!
The Succubus,Stan,Yeah! She's evil and wants to suck Chef's life out of him
The Succubus,Veronica,[hurt] Children! That hurts my feelings.
The Succubus,Kyle,"[unmoved] Oh, you can pretend all you want! You're not fooling anybody!"
The Succubus,Chef,"All right guys! That's enough! I have had it with you! This is the happiest time of my life, and you can't be happy for me!"
The Succubus,Stan,"Chef, but-"
The Succubus,Chef,"No buts, Stan! [Veronica starts crying, and he cradles her] I love this woman, and I am marrying her! Now you can either accept that, or get out of my life! Now if you'll excuse us, we're having a party. [the boys exit]"
The Succubus,Thomas,"So I chased the monster down the street, you see..."
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Outside, the boys walk away from the restaurant"
The Succubus,Kyle,I guess there's nothing we can do. Chef likes her more than us.
The Succubus,Stan,No! I'm not willing to give up! Chef wouldn't give up on us!
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, morning. Cartman is in bed with patches over his eyes. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are reading books on demonology"
The Succubus,Stan,"Oh man! There's tons of stuff on succubuses, but nothing on how to stop them."
The Succubus,Cartman,"You guys, it's six in the morning, I have to get some sleep."
The Succubus,Stan,Dude! Chef's wedding is in three hours. We've got that much time to find out how to destroy a Succubus.
The Succubus,Cartman,"You know what?! Screw Chef! There, I said it! Screw him! Let him marry a succubus! I wanna go to sleep. [rolls over]"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Here! Here! Look at this. It says ""The succubus enchants its victim with an eerie melody. This is the Succubi power. Only playing this melody backwards can vanquish the succubus power."""
The Succubus,Stan,What the hell does that mean?
The Succubus,Kyle,I don't know.
The Succubus,Kenny,"[closes his book and expounds] (Hey, you guys! You guys, I think I know precisely what it's saying. It says that we've gotta go and find a pile of records and get the one that has the entire lyrics, and then we gotta get into learning to rearrange them.)"
The Succubus,Stan,Right.
The Succubus,Kenny,"(And then we gotta go down and get a piece of paper and write down each one of the words we sang on the tape deck. And then, sing it back again!)"
The Succubus,Stan,Yeah?
The Succubus,Kenny,(That's what that means!)
The Succubus,Stan,Oh-hoho!
The Succubus,Kyle,Hey yeah! What's that song she always sings? There's got to be a morning after.
The Succubus,Cartman,[picks up] If we can hold on to the night. We've got to find our way together...
The Succubus,Stan,That's it! We gotta learn that song backwards.
The Succubus,Kyle,[doubting] In three hours.
The Succubus,Scene Description,"First Church of South Park. A banner above the lower cross reads ""Congratulations Chef and Veronica."" People are streaming in for the wedding"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Ah man! I can't keep my eyes open. [Cartman is nodding off, too]"
The Succubus,Stan,"We can't fall asleep. We gotta nail that song. [turns to Cartman] You got the tape recorder, Cartman? Cartman?? [taps him]"
The Succubus,Kyle,He's asleep. Wake up fatass!
The Succubus,Cartman,[rattled] What what what?
The Succubus,Stan,God-damnit! You can't fall asleep.
The Succubus,Cartman,"I wasn't sleeping, I was just thinking really hard!"
The Succubus,Thomas,"[telling his tale to Randy and Sharon] ...And then these aliens had me up on their ship, right? They was probing me and all that."
The Succubus,Nellie,We had taco salad that night.
The Succubus,Thomas,"Don't matter what we had for dinner woman! Now this alien had a big head and big black eyes, and it was all bent over me. I said, ""What do you want from me, alien?!"" and do you know what he said?"
The Succubus,Nellie,Tree-fitty.
The Succubus,Thomas,"Uh. Let me tell the damn story now! He said, ""tree-fitty."" And so I realized I that it wasn't no alien, it was that God-damned Loch Ness monster again, trying to trick me into giving him tree-fitty by dressing up like an alien. Don't that just beat all?!"
The Succubus,Nellie,I had just given him tree-fitty the week before.
The Succubus,Thomas,What?! You gave that monster another damn tree-fitty?!
The Succubus,Nellie,[somewhat defensive] He tricked me.
The Succubus,Thomas,Well no wonder the damn monster keeps coming back to our house! You keep giving it tree-fitty!
The Succubus,Scene Description,The ceremony begins. An usher goes up to a turntable and sets the needle down on a record. Veronica enters in a traditional wedding gown
The Succubus,Stan,"There she is! [""Here Comes the Bride"" plays. Chef and Priest Maxi await her.]"
The Succubus,Stan,[as Veronica walks by] Bitch. Bitch.
The Succubus,Kyle,[joins in] Bitch.
The Succubus,Stan,Bitch.
The Succubus,Kyle,Dirty bitch.
The Succubus,Stan,[to Cartman] All right. Kyle and I are gonna take our positions up front.
The Succubus,Cartman,Okay. [Stan and Kyle leave]
The Succubus,Priest Maxi,"Do you, Chef, take this woman as your lawful-wedded wife, to have and to-"
The Succubus,Chef,Iii do!
The Succubus,Nellie,"Aaah, my baby's getting married!"
The Succubus,Priest Maxi,"And do you, Veronica, take Chef to be your daddy?"
The Succubus,Veronica,I do!
The Succubus,Priest Maxi,And now a special sharing of vows through song.
The Succubus,Stan,"[as ""A Morning After"" begins] Here it goes."
The Succubus,Veronica,There's got to be a morning after. [the needle is removed and there's no more music]
The Succubus,Stan,"Now, Cartman! [Kyle holds the needle in his left hand. The crowd gasps and Veronica is pissed]"
The Succubus,Kyle,"Now, Cartman!! [No response. Cartman is asleep again.]"
The Succubus,Chef,[looks over] Children! You are screwing up my wedding! [Priest Maxi and Veronica turn to face them]
The Succubus,Veronica,I'll take care of them! [begins to move towards them]
The Succubus,Kyle,Cartman!! Wake up you fat piece of crap!! [Kenny punches Cartman]
The Succubus,Cartman,"Ow! [Veronica reaches Stan and Kyle, but the backwards version of ""A Morning After"" soon plays]"
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle",[singing on the tape] Light the for looking on keep let's sunshine...
The Succubus,Veronica,[stops] Aaargh!
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle",The find to chance a have we night-
The Succubus,Veronica,Noooo! [the whites of her eyes flash red for a few seconds]
The Succubus,Chef,[sees Veronica transform] What the-?!
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle",-the to on- [the tape balks and reverses to a halt]
The Succubus,Cartman,"Oh no! The tape jammed! [Veronica transforms again, this time tearing through the gown, revealing her huge wings and succubus body. The congregation reacts with groans and screams]"
The Succubus,Man,Oh my God!
The Succubus,Women,Oh my God!
The Succubus,Chef,What the-?! [everyone else falls silent]
The Succubus,Thomas,She's a goddam Succubus!
The Succubus,Nellie,"Succubus trying to take my baby! [the succubus roars and flies into the air. As she hovers over the congregants, they scream and dive under the pews]"
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Outside, The doors open and people pour out"
The Succubus,Scene Description,"Inside, Stan and Kyle try to get Cartman's attention again"
The Succubus,Stan,Come on Cartman!
The Succubus,Cartman,[pressing every button on the tape player] I can't see anything!
The Succubus,Kenny,"[tries to help] (Wait...) [the succubus lands on Kenny, breaking the pew in half. Kenny is dead under her feet]"
The Succubus,Stan,Oh my God! She killed Kenny!
The Succubus,Kyle,You bastard!
The Succubus,Nellie,"[with a stick, runs at the succubus] You damn monster! Get away from my baby!"
The Succubus,Thomas,"[reaching into his pocket] Hold on, now, I'll see if I have tree-fitty!"
The Succubus,Nellie,"[gets a few blows in, but the succubus knocks her away] Oh my-"
The Succubus,Cartman,[presses the right button] Got it! [music resumes]
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle","-the to on hold can we if after [the succubus grips her head with both hands, roaring in pain]morning a be to got There's Warm and safe that's... [the ground opens up, flames appear, and the succubus drops down into the hole. The flames leave with her. Chef walks up to the hold and looks over it]"
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,"[sits up in his pew] Hoh, wow! You don't see that every day!"
The Succubus,Stan,"[walks up with Kyle to Chef] We're sorry Chef, we had to do it!"
The Succubus,Chef,"[sadly] No I'm, I'm glad you did, children. Now that she's gone, I can't really figure out what I ever saw in her."
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,[to man on his right] Poontang's poontang.
The Succubus,Chef,"Come on, children. Let's go get some ice cream."
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle","Hooray! [the three walk out. As they do, people start rising from under the pews]"
The Succubus,Cartman,What? What happened you guys? Is Kenny okay?
The Succubus,Scene Description,The cafeteria kitchen. Chef is back at the counter as the boys enter.
The Succubus,Chef,"Hello there, children!"
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle","Hey, Chef!"
The Succubus,Chef,How would you like some fish sticks and tater tots?
The Succubus,Stan,[cheerfully] We'd love them!
The Succubus,Kyle,It's great to have you back Chef!
The Succubus,Chef,"Yeah, well, I learned a very important lesson this week: [begins to sing]Sometimes you fall in love and you think it feels that way forever.You change your life and didn't know your friends cause you think it can't get any better.But then love goes away; no matter what, it doesn't stay as strong.And then you're left with nothing, cause your tinking with your dong.So watch out for that love bug! It can destroy like a typhoon wind!Just play it cool and don't be a fool..."
The Succubus,Mr. Garrison,[from the entrance] And never let poontang come between you and your friend.
The Succubus,Chef,"Daaamn right, Garrison! [song fades out]"
The Succubus,Scene Description,The optometrist's office. Cartman walks in with a large ice box. His bandages are off. Now we know why he wasn't at school with Stan and Kyle.
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"Oh, hello, piggy. How are your eyes doing?"
The Succubus,Cartman,"After today they're gonna be fine, and I'll never have to see you ever again!"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"I don't think that's possible, piggy, not with your eyes."
The Succubus,Cartman,"No, not with my eyes. With these! [takes Kenny's frozen head out of the box to show the eyes] Ha ha ha ha ha ha!"
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,Was he an organ donor?
The Succubus,Cartman,Eh-sure.
The Succubus,Doctor Lout,"All right, then let's get to work. [Cartman gets in the chair, and the optometrist pulls out Kenny's left eye] Say, you don't have three dollars and fifty cents on you, do you?"
The Succubus,"Stan, Kyle","[Over end credits""A Morning After"" plays backwards] Light the for looking on keep let's Sunshine the find to chance a have we Night the to on hold can we if After morning a be to got there's Warm and safe that's..."
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,The boys are camping near Stark's Pond. They've set up a campfire and are roasting marshmallows. Cartman plays a harmonica.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"You guys, listen to this song I just wrote. It's called, ""I Hate You Guys"": [plays four notes before each line] I hate you guys. You guys are assholes. Specially Kenny. [the other three glare at him] I hate him the most."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Okay now, let's try one all together: I hate you guys.  Come on, you guys know the words. Specially Kenny."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"This is sweet, being rugged outdoorsmen. [""Hey you guys, sing the song!""] Facing the wilderness, not having to be home until 8:30,... [Cartman gets up and walks away]"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,Where are you going?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,I'm going home for a minute. I have to go to the bathroom.
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Just go behind a tree.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,I have to go number two.
Jakovasaurs,Stan,So? You can poo in the wilderness.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"No way, dude! What would I wipe with?"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"Cartman, don't be such a baby! We're supposed to be rugged outdoorsmen!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Well what do I sit on?
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"You just squat, stupid! [Cartman begins to lower his pants...]"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,Not here! Go further away!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[moves away] God, I'm glad you guys know all these ""pooping outside"" rules! [he squats some distance away and begins] Urgh. Come on, now."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"Watch out for ground eels! [he, Stan and Kenny begin to laugh]"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Stop, you guys! I can't think!"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,What do you have to think about?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"I have to think about... planes dropping bombs, and dump trucks, and self-serve ice cream... [a dump is heard] Oh, that did it."
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"Sick, dude!"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"In the lake, the water becomes agitated, and a bubble comes up. Cartman pulls out his harmonica and plays again"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Poopin' outside, [a rear shot] Makin' self-serve ice cream For my friends Specially Kenny. Hey, Kenny, Can I borrow one of your gloves? [a yellow creature peeks out between the trees. It is the one looking at Cartman's rear.]"
Jakovasaurs,Kenny,"(Here you go.) [begins to walk to Cartman, but realizes what it's to be used for] (No way!) [goes back to roasting his marshmallow]"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[hears some rustling and zips up immediately] What the?
Jakovasaurs,Creature,[running through the trees] Oohma poota!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Oh my God! Come on, you guys, come look at this!"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"[thinking of poo] We don't wanna look at it, Cartman!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[urging] You guys, get over here!"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"No way, dude!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,I'm serious now! [the boys walk over to the spot] Look. Over by those bushes.
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,What?
Jakovasaurs,Creature,Meesa scared!
Jakovasaurs,Stan,I see it!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Come on! Let's kill it! [the boys move forward]
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"[steps in the poo and looks at his shoe] Aw, Cartman! You're supposed to bury it!"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"Jimbo's lodge. This is where Huntin' and Killin' is shot. Inside, Jimbo is watching TV and Ned, in a short kimono, looks for something."
Jakovasaurs,Announcer,Look at this sword. Only on House Shopping Network. It has a dragon on the blade. [close-up of the samurai sword] It's got a dragon painted right on the blade! You should buy the samurai sw-
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Ned, how the hell could you lose your voice box?! [Ned tries to speak] I can't hear you, Ned. You don't have a trachea. You smoked too much and you had it removed. And then you drank too much and you lost your god-damned voice box, Ned!"
Jakovasaurs,Ned,[eructing] Shut... up... Jimbo.
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Aw, Ned, don't burp-talk. That just sicks me out."
Jakovasaurs,Stan,[outside] I saw it this way!
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Over here!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[trying to keep up] Come on, you guys!"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,The boys reach the lodge.
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,[opens the door] What the hell's goin' on?!
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"Uncle Jimbo, Cartman found a big animal creature and it ran over that way!"
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Hold on, I'll get my shotgun! Ned! Ned, come on! [goes in, and reappears with his gun. Ned follows him out the door] Where did it go?"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,It just ran by here a second ago. [rustling is heard]
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"[cocks the shotgun] Sounds like it ran into the ostrich trap! [all move slowly around a corner] Sshh. Now keep quiet. All right. I'm gonna turn my flashlight on. It may get startled, so be ready. [turns it on and flashes it into the trap]"
Jakovasaurs,Creature,Ooba jaaga!
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,Holy Crow! I've never seen anything like it!
Jakovasaurs,Creature,Meesa gonna die? Wooo-wowoop!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Heheh. Hey-heh, that thing's funny."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,[annoyed] It's stupid.
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Well, let's kill it."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[intervening] No! No. Don't.
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,Huh?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,I like it.
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"You don't like anything, Cartman! [the creature is shaking from fright, and Cartman looks at it affectionately]"
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Well, all right. Ned, get the Mayor on the phone, tell her that we... hoh yeah, he can't talk. All right, never mind, I'll do it."
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"South Park, the next day."
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Yeah, it was like wrestling a Louisiana alligator, this thing. Put up one hell of a fight. [the crowd murmurs and the creature just stares out of the cage. His view is that of a fish lens]"
Jakovasaurs,Sheila,"[walks up to it] Hello there. Who's the cute baby? Who's the fuzzy, huh? Yes, that's a cutie. [three men with briefcases walk up]"
Jakovasaurs,FED,"Mayor, we're from the Department of Interior."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Ooh, yes. How are you?"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"[the one with black hair] Fine, just fine."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"[the one with red hair] Fine, just fine."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 3,[the one with brown hair] Fine.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,Right over here. [she shows them the creature and they stare in awe]
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"My God, McClanahan, do you believe it? [DOI 3 is just stunned]"
Jakovasaurs,Creature,Meesa needa Jakov. [raises its arms] Dwooooooo!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Mm-it's amazing.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,What?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Mayor, this is a jakovasaur. A live one has never been seen."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Oh, neato."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,Incredible. [turns to look at the Mayor] We know of this creature only from remains frozen in snow.
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Do you realize what this means? We could use its DNA and have a chance of bringing the entire jakovasaur species back from extinction.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Wow! Cool!
Jakovasaurs,Ned,[eructing] Is... there... re... ward... money? [the DOI agents look at him]
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Huh, cut it out, Ned! That's just disgusting!"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,This one jakovasaur can mother an entire population of the animals.
Jakovasaurs,Woman,"Well, in that case, I think we should name it... Hope."
Jakovasaurs,Woman 2,Hope.
Jakovasaurs,Man,"Yes, Hope."
Jakovasaurs,Hope,Meesa name Junjun.
Jakovasaurs,Stan,I think his name is Junjun.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Hope. Why, that's a perfectly beautiful name!"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Now we must find a safe place for it.
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,I'll keep it at my house.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"No, Garrison, you'll just try to have sex with it!"
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Uuh?!
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,What?! How dare you say that?!
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Garrison, you remember what happened to the wounded pigeon you were supposed to take care of?!"
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, come on! You all know that pigeon was a total slut."
Jakovasaurs,Rancher,"Oh, I got a barn it can stay in. It ain't much, but it's heated."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Well, that sounds fine, just fine."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 3,"Fine, just fine."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,Fine.
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"Now, wait a minute. I wanna clear the air here. We all know that pigeon was a whore. Raise your hand if you didn't sleep with that pigeon? [everyone around him raises his or her hand] Oh, whatever!"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"That night, something mysterious is happening at Stark's Pond. The water is agitated again, and another jakovasaur rises out of the water. It sees a pup tent and rushes to it. It finds a backpack next to it and searches it. The following address shows up: E. Cartman, 21208 E. Bonaza Cir., South Park, CO. But Cartman is at home looking at the House Shopping Network on TV."
Jakovasaurs,Announcer,It's got a dragon painted on the blade. This is the Sumatomi sword-
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[wondering] Wow, a dragon right on the blade. Mom, can I get a Sumatomi sword used by the ancient Tokugawa soldiers??"
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"[from somewhere else] I'll think about it, hon."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Sweet. [someone knocks on the front door] Mom, somebody's at the door."
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"Mommy's busy, boopie-kins."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Should I get it?
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"[in bed, with torch and bong in hand] Go ahead, snookums. It's probably one of your little friends."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Okay.
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"[inhales, with a manly voice] Hmmm. [two men are in bed with her. One of them is her congressman, O'Reilly]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,The knocking continues.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Okay, okay, hold your horses! God! [opens the door and screams. An angry jakovasaur glares at him. Cartman backs into the living room] Mom, it's another Stark's Pond creature!"
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"That's nice, muffin."
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur,"Please help me. Whoa-oh-oh-oh. [falls on his face and gets up] Please help me find Junjun. She has been gone since last night, and I'm worried sick."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,You mean the other jakovasaur?
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur,What means a jakovasaur?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,You're a jakovasaur; that's what they call you.
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur,Oh. Cool beans.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,But the other jakovasaur talked different.
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur,That's 'cause Junjun's a girl. Girls talk different.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,I have to call my friends over; they're never gonna believe it.
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur,Please take me to Junjun. We're the last of our kind. There are only two of us left.
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,Cartman's room. He's telling his friends what he learned.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"He's the last of his kind, you guys. There's only two of them left. [the others stay silent, looking at him]"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Did you smoke some of your mom's crack?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Will you stop with the whole ""mom smoking crack"" thing?! It's a old joke!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur,"[hidden] Eric, do you have any more cookies? [Cartman turns his head aside and grins]"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,Who's that? One of your mom's boyfriends?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"No, that was a jakovasaur. It's okay to come in. [the closet door opens and the jakovasaur comes out]"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,Wow!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Jakov, I want you to meet my friends."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Huhello, guys. I love new friends. [trips and flies across the room, then clears his head. A rattling noise is heard]"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Hahahahaheh, isn't he funny?"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"[put off] No, he's annoying."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,What are we supposed to do with him?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,We have to take him to that rancher's barn to see his girlfriend.
Jakovasaurs,Stan,Why don't we just tell our parents?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,No! Why don't you wanna to understand? We have to do this ourselves.
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The rancher's barn, that same night. The boys break into the barn with Jakov."
Jakovasaurs,Stan,[softly] Sshh! Be quiet. We could get in big trouble for being here.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[sees his mate and can't help it] Junjun!
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"[softly, curtly] Sh! Keep quiet, stupid!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[rushes up to her] Oh, Junjun, I'm so glad you're okay! [she's sitting on some hay]"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"[softly, curtly] Dude, have you ever heard of whispering?!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[turns around] I am whispering! [steps on a rake, whose handle smacks him on the head] Yyeow!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[laughing] Haaahahahah. You're so funny, Jakov."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[soothing his head] I am?
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"Okay, uh, Jakov, why don't you just take bunga here and go back to Stark's Pond?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Oh, I don't know. This place is kinda nicer than Stark's Pond. [the barn doors open to show the Mayor, the rancher, and the DOI agents looking quite angry.]"
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,"Aw, we's in big doodoo now."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Uh oh.
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"Jimbo's lodge, daytime. Ned is on the phone."
Jakovasaurs,Operator,"Hello, and welcome to Voice Box Express, your #1 source for voice boxes. I'm Amanda. How may I help you?"
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"[eructing] Yes... Hello..., um..., I... lost... my... voice... box…"
Jakovasaurs,Amanda,Excuse me?
Jakovasaurs,Ned,I... lost... my... voice... box…
Jakovasaurs,Amanda,[after a long pause] Excuse me?
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"[faster, after a pause] I... lost... my... voice... box... [Jimbo enters the room and Ned hangs up]"
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Hey Ned, look what I bought you! A new voice box! [Ned reaches for it, but Jimbo keeps it out of reach, teasing Ned] You want it? You want it? Yeah! Do you? Yeah! You want it? All right, here you go. [hands him the box] Well, try it out!"
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"[crisply] Mmm. Aw, Jimbo, I can't thank you enough for the new voice box. Gmmm, now, what in the devil is this thing?"
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Oh, no, I must have picked up the Irish model by mistake."
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"Mmm-aw, what a bloody pickle this is! Did you keep the receipt, then?"
Jakovasaurs,Man,[barges in] You guys come quick! I've only just heard!
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,What? What is it?
Jakovasaurs,Man,They've found another one! They've found another jakovasaur! [silence]
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"Gmmm, blimey."
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,South Park Square. The Mayor stands on stage with the DOI agents and the two jakovasaurs as the townsfolk filter in. The boys stand in front of the steps on the left side of the stage.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,[on the mic] Here with more on the status of the jakovasaurs is Department of Interior guy.
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Thank you, Mayor. [takes over] The noble jakovasaur is on the brink of extinction. And now, you, as a community, have a chance to bring them back."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[reading his acceptance speech] ""Thank you, Mayor, for this distinctive honor..."""
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"What are you doing, fatass?!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"I'm preparing my speech for when they call me up to congratulate on me on my discovery. ""Thank you, Mayor, for this distinctive honor..."""
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"...Hope and Jakov are the last of their kind. But with the help of the Mayor, we have implemented a plan to help them breed. We will give them a home and a fighting chance at survival."
Jakovasaurs,Man,[amid much chatter] Yea for us!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Thank you!
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"And now, the little boy who first discovered the jakovasaurs, Eric Cartman!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[walks to the podium and speaks] Thank you, Mayor, for this honorable distinction."
Jakovasaurs,Man 2,"Well, that's about it. Let's go."
Jakovasaurs,Man 3,Yeah. [the crowd begins to disperse]
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"You know, there's really only two seasons here in South Park: Winter, and July, heh heh heh. But, but um, seriously, South Park has always been a place of discovery for me... [finds himself all alone in the square] Ey, you sons of bitches! Get back here! I'm having a god-damned distinctive honor!"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,The jakovasaurs' new home. Everyone involved in finding and caring for the jakovasaurs is there.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Wow!! It's so pretty!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Well, Jakov, we hope this new home ""inspires"" you and Hope to uh, hm, you know... [the room falls silent]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,What?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"Well, we'd love to see more jakovasaurs, so, maybe you two should uuh…"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,What?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 3,Get to some business. [make a ring with the thumb and index finger of one hand and sticks the other index finger through the ring]
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[scratches his head] What??
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"They want you to have sex, God-damnit!!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Ooohh.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,[as the rest leave the house] We'll just leave you two lovebirds alone.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Well, all right, then. [the Mayor closes the door]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The jakovasaurs have no idea what to do, so they don't do anything. Outside, the boys, the agents, the Mayor, the rancher, and Jimbo wait for something to happen. Sure enough, things are heard falling inside. Jakov is heard moaning and yelling as he stumbles around. Junjun runs out of the house and Jakov stands at the entrance."
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Meesa just don't wanna!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[walking out] I don't know what to do!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Jakov, to have sex, all you need to do is, well, you know, put your... [sees there's nothing where something should be] Hmmm. [stroke his chin] I guess we don't know exactly how jakovasaurs mate."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,[holds his index finger up] There is... another option.
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"Mephesto's ranch. The boys, the agents, and the Mayor are present with the jakovasaurs. Jakov and Junjun are on the examination table."
Jakovasaurs,Mephesto,I've managed to artificially inseminate Hope with your semen.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,I have seamen? Where's their boat? [imitates a fog horn] Arrrrr-urrrrr! Arrrrr-urrrrr! [Cartman laughs]
Jakovasaurs,Mephesto,"Yes, yes, that's... very funny, Jakov. [Jakov stops] I... will need to examine Hope once more to see if the process worked. [sticks a syringe into Junjun's arm and draws a blood sample. Junjun reacts immediately as Mephesto goes to his microscope]"
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Oh-wwoooooop! Oh-wwoooooop!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[adds his reaction] Arrrrr-urrrrr! Arrrrr-urrrrr!
Jakovasaurs,Stan,God-damn!
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Shut up!!
Jakovasaurs,Mephesto,"Yes! Yes, I think it worked! [Jakov and Junjun stop as Mephesto turns to face the group] You are going to be parents!"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 3,Yeah!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,We did it!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Now I can be like all the other guys in South Park!
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"[to Kyle] Dude, do we really want another one of these things hanging around?"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The Marsh house. A football game is heard inside. Next, several men are behind or sitting on the sofa. Seated are Randy, Gerald, and Stuart, and behind are Chef, Mr. Mackey, and Mr. Garrison. Jakov is seated next to them on a folding chair. Jakov will now know what it is to be one of the guys."
Jakovasaurs,Commentator,"...and Bubby Brister is having a great first quarter! Let's see what trickery he uses here. Here's the snap, and he's down-"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Thanks for inviting me to watch the game, guys!"
Jakovasaurs,Randy,"No problem, Jakov."
Jakovasaurs,Commentator,To the 40-yard line!
Jakovasaurs,Men,Yea!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Go Niners! Ni-ners!
Jakovasaurs,Gerald,"We're rooting for the Broncos here, Jakov!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Oooops!
Jakovasaurs,Commentator,"...to Terrell Davis! He's at the 50, the 40, the 30,... [the men are happy]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"You guys know what? [they angrily snap their heads in his directions] This one time, I was watching this rabbit, a brown rabbit-"
Jakovasaurs,Commentator,"He breaks another tackle, and the ball is loose!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,You guys know what... happened? It touched Junjun right in front of me.
Jakovasaurs,Randy,"Hey Jakov. Uh, could you run down to the store and get some more... pretzels?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Sure. You got money?
Jakovasaurs,Gerald,[hands him some bills] Here- here you go. And and don't go to the store down the block. The one four miles away in Fairplay has better pretzels.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[gets up] Cool beans. [trips over the plug, knocking down the TV] Oopsie. I'll be right back. [closes the door]"
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Mackey,"Jakovasaurs kinda piss me off, mkay."
Jakovasaurs,The Others,Yup.
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The house of the jakovasaurs. The boys, the agents, Jimbo, Mephesto, the Mayor, and Sheila are all present."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Amazing! The gestation period was only four days.
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"At that rate, we could repopulate the jakovasaurs in just a few years."
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Doe-wooop!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Don't worry, Hope. Everything's gonna be fine, just fine."
Jakovasaurs,DOI 3,Just fine.
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,Fine.
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"Dude, I don't wanna watch this thing have a baby."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"If Jakov and Hope don't have kids, their race will become extinct."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"Maybe their baby will be still-born, like Cartman was. [he and Stan laugh]"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Hey! I might have been still-born, but at least I got better!"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,Here we go.
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Doe-woooop!
Jakovasaurs,Sheila,"[gushing] Behold, the miracle of childbirth!"
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Dowoop! [her water breaks and lands on everyone]
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Gross!
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Dowoop! [a baby jakovasaur is shot out and strikes the wall. It whimpers as it drops]
Jakovasaurs,All,Hooray!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 3,"This is the first step in bringing the species back from the brink of extinction! [the baby jakovasaur gets up and moves around, growling]"
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Dowoooop! Dowoop!
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,Looks like there might be a second one.
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Wow! That would be a great start for them. [close-up of the second baby flying out of the vagina]
Jakovasaurs,All,Hooray! [Junjun starts pumping babies out in all directions. The adults crouch behind the sofa for cover]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,She's a cannon! [seventeen babies end up in front of the wall. The lead agent walks up to them]
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Well. Ap-parently, they breed in litters."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[picks up a baby and says sweetly] Aren't they cute, you guys?"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,[to Kyle] Huh-I'm not so sure this is a good thing.
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Huh-owhoa-o-woop! [pumps out a second set of jakovasaurs]
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Huh?! [getting out of the way] Whoa-o-whoa!
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's class. Class is now in session."
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"Ho-okay, children, we have some new students joining us today. Let's all be warm and welcome them to our class. [the class is full of jakovasaur children]"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"Dude, it's crowded in here."
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur boy,[sitting in front of Pip] I like school!
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur girl,Bo-woop!
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"O-kay, so, we're just gonna stick to our normal lesson plan and start the day with history. [starts writing on the board] Now, does anyone know why Chubby Checker left the Beatles in 1972? [a jakovasaur kid in the front row raises his hand and waves it] Yes?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur boy,I don't know.
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur girl,Bo-woop!
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"O-kay, is there anyone who can answer the question?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur kid 1,[in front of Wendy] I can't.
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur kid 2,Me neither.
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"[angrily] Damnit, you don't raise your hand if you don't know!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur kid 2,Oh.
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur kid 3,O-wowo-oop! O-woo-oop!
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur kid 4,Ooo! Fight! Fight! [he and another jakovasaur start to fight]
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaur kid 5,"School, school! I like school! [the fighting escalates]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakovasaurs,"School, school! I like school! School, school! I like school!"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"Dude, this sucks ass!"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[""School, school! I like school!""] I like going to school now. Jakovasaurs are so cool. [""School, school! I like school!""]"
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Hat,"This is insane, Mr. Garrison. [""School, school! I like school!""]"
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"[looking defeated] It sure is, Mr. Hat. [""School, school! I like-!""]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The bar, that night. Many of the town's adults are inside chatting away, including the Mayor."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Now, folks, I know we're all a little worried about the jakovasaurs, and I want to hear you all out!"
Jakovasaurs,Mr. Garrison,"Mayor, the little jakovasaurs are ruining my classroom. I can't teach our kids anything!"
Jakovasaurs,All,Yeah!
Jakovasaurs,Chef,And those jakovasaur eat three times as much as normal children! I can't keep up!
Jakovasaurs,All,Yeah!
Jakovasaurs,Man,Totally!
Jakovasaurs,Trashman,"And they're creating more trash than we can handle, too!"
Jakovasaurs,Man,Totally!
Jakovasaurs,All,Yeah!
Jakovasaurs,Man,Listen to her!
Jakovasaurs,Man 2,"And what about little Laura, the Williams' kid? If she doesn't get that heart-valve operation, she could die. [no one responds, so he supports himself] Yeah! Yeah, that's right!"
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"All right, all right. It's obvious we have to do something, but we can't just make them leave."
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,We just encourage them to find someplace better.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"But where? Jakovasaurs are big, loud, annoying, and stupid. Where would they fit in?"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The house of the jakovasaurs, next day. The Mayor and others are talking to Jakov and Junjun"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Memphis?
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Yes, Memphis. [shows him a brochure of the city] You jakovasaurs would love it there."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"I don't know. I like South Park a lot. What do you think, honey?"
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,G'ooh-woo-ooop!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Yeah.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"But everyone in South Park wishes they could live in Memphis. Right? [several people respond with ""Yeah"" and ""Memphis""]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Okay, we'll move to Memphis!"
Jakovasaurs,Men,Yea!
Jakovasaurs,Others,"Hooray! [the door opens, and the boys appear with Liane]"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[cheerfully] Hey, Jakov, how's it going?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Great, Eric! We're moving."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[gasps] Moving?
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Me, Jun and the family are heading to the Promised Land of Memphis."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,You... can't leave. You're my friend.
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"Oh, Eric dear. It's what's best."
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,Yeah. Let's get that luggage packed!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[softly] Jakov, please don't go. [music] You make everything in South Park fun. [Jakov is touched] You brought life to this whole town. It would suck without you."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,It would?
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Yes. These people, Jakov, these people need you. I need you. Please, Jakov. Stay?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,O-kay. I like South Park best of all. We're staying!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[exulting] Hoo-ray! Jakov is staying, you guys! [everyone else is pissed at him]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,Outside. Everyone leaves the house disappointed.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,Now what do we do?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,"Don't worry, We've come up with a plan."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,You have?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,Yes. We're leaving.
Jakovasaurs,All,What??
Jakovasaurs,DOI 1,We're getting the hell out of here and away from those God-damned things.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,You can't leave.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Yes. Who would take care of them?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"Little boy, we're making you an honorary Department of Interior person. [gives him a DOI badge] So now, you are officially in charge of South Park's fish and wildlife. You have authority over all of them."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[a bit humbly] I have authoriteh?
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,That's right. And people must respect it.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[fitting into the role] Well, that should be fine, just fine. [the agents climb into their van]"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"Fine, just fine."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,Fine.
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"Oh, no! Nothing's worse than Cartman with authoritah!"
Jakovasaurs,DOI 2,"Bye-bye, now. [closes the door, and the van speeds away. Stan and Kyle just look at each other.]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The Jakovasaurs' house, later that week."
Jakovasaurs,Announcer,"And now back to... Jakovasaurs! on Comedy Central. [""Jakovasaurs"" appears on screen. Then, Junjun appears in the living room with some of her children.]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[enters wearing a fedora and carrying a briefcase] Hi, honey! I'm home! [trips over the welcome mat and crashes into the sofa. Canned laughter is heard] Wooooo! [gets up, rubbing his head] Boy, it was rough at work today. I've never seen so much coffee."
Jakovasaurs,Junjun,Booo-wooop?
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"No, in the boss's lap. [more laughter]"
Jakovasaurs,Boy,"Hello, dad."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Hello, son. How was your day?"
Jakovasaurs,Boy,"Oh, not so good. Something really strange happened."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,What? You mean MTV played a video that wasn't Will Smith? [more laughter]
Jakovasaurs,Boy,"Noho, dad. A man in a blue suit and a bag came to the door. He just left this li'l piece of paper with a stamp on it. [brings out the letter]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,That's called a mailman. He takes care of mail.
Jakovasaurs,Boy,"Oh! He took care of mom, too. [more laughter]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,You're a nut! Let me see that letter. [opens it and reads the letter] It's from a game show. The Mayor has invited me to compete. [the front door opens]
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Hi, Jakov. [applause] What the hell is that? [laughter] Who's laughing?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Eric! The Mayor has invited us to compete on a game show in South Park! Big prizes, an all-expense paid vacation-"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Wow, that's cool. I can help you get ready. [he and Jakov start walking]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Woo, woo! [trips over one of his kids and falls on his back. Cartman stops. Jakov gets up. He and Cartman face the camera as laughter and applause are heard, and grin.]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"While Cartman visits Jakov, the other boys are in the Mayor's office with several townsfolk. Liane is there, too."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"[anxious] Come onn, come on! [the phone rings and she snatches the receiver] Hello!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Mayor? This is Jakov. I'm the tall fellow down the block from-
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Yes. Yes, Jakov. You're calling about the game show. Congratulations! Will you do it?!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Sure! If a free trip is involved, can my whole family go?"
Jakovasaurs,Mayo,"[rushing] Of course! That's the point! Just be ready this afternoon at the public access building, and good luck! Hope you win!! [thrusts the receiver to arm's length]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Cool beans!! [the Mayor hangs up]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"We've got 'em! All right. The boys here will keep little Eric Cartman distracted. Meanwhile, we get rid of the jakovasaurs and bring some normalcy back to this town! Ready?"
Jakovasaurs,All,Break!
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"South Park Public Access. The Mayor is hosting her own game show this afternoon. To her right is Jakov, to her left Officer Barbrady. Jakovasaurs cheer in the first two rows in the studio audience. Jimbo approaches Ned."
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Hey, Ned! A package came for you today from Voice Box Express."
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"[eructing] Oh... boy..., oh... boy."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"[whispering in Barbrady's ear] Now remember, Barbrady, all you have to do is lose!"
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Right.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"[goes back to her mark] Okay. Let's quiet down, people and jakovasaurs! [turns on the mic] Now, as you know, the winner of this little game will get an all-expense paid trip for himself and fifty of his closest relatives to lovely France! [the jakovasaurs hoot and holler] And, all one of you lucky contestants has to do is answer only one of these questions! Are you ready, players?"
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Ready.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Ready.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,Okay. Hands on your buzzers.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[bzt] Forty-seven! [his kids cheer wildly]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,[correcting Jakov] You have to wait until I ask the question first.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Sor-ry!
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,That's okay. Hands on buzzers.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[bzt] Turkey sandwich!
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,"Damn, he's quick!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[bzt] Oh. Sor-ry! [bzt]
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,"No, I'm sorry. [bzzzt]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[Bzzzzzzzzt] No, it's my fault. I'm sorry."
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,"[Bzzzzzzzzt] No, it's all me. Uh, my bad."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Sorry.
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Sorry. [both buzzers stay on]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,Will somebody please unplug the God-damned buzzers?! [the buzzers stop]
Jakovasaurs,Stagehand,[off camera] Got it!
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Now, can we get on with this? First question: What color is blue? [drumroll]"
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Blue? [ping. Barbrady gets the first point]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,What?
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Uh. Blue is blue?
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Awww, did I lose?"
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"What? Blue is-? Nono. Hang on. [whispers to Barbrady] You're supposed to lose, you idiot!"
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Where am I?
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Just don't answer any more questions, got it?"
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Okie-dokie.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Sorry, folks, a little mix-up. We're playing best out of three!"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,The woods. Stan and Kyle lead Cartman along. Cartman is in uniform.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"What are we doing out here, you guys? I wanna see if Jakov wins that game show."
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"Oh, he'll win. Don't worry."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,"We just have to show you this new species because you're the Department of Interior guy now. Soon, they'll all be eaten by bears."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Oh. Let me get out my notepad so I can classify this new species. [brings it out] Well, this should be fine, just fine. Just fine, fine."
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,[pointing] There it is! [a shot of Kenny wearing twigs] That must be of the antelope family.
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[after some study] That's Kenny with branches on his head. [looks again] Why did you bring me all the way out here, you guys?"
Jakovasaurs,Stan,"[huffs] Cartman, jakovasaurs are making South Park suck. You have to understand that."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Well, what does that have to do with me being all the way out...? Wait a minute. You're distracting me! That game show is a fix! [drops his notepad and rushes back to town]"
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Cartman! Wait!
Jakovasaurs,Kenny,"(Hey you guys, wait up for me!) [a black bear rushes down the hill, growling] (Waaah!) [the bear mauls him and tumbles away]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,South Park Public Access. The game show continues. Barbrady is ahead 7-0.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"What's two plus two, Jakov?"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,I don't know!
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Four? [ping. 8-0]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Jakov, what is your name? [drumroll. The studio audience looks at him quite annoyed]"
Jakovasaurs,Barbrady,Jakov [ping. 9-0]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Oh, screw it. Jakov wins! [raises his hand in victory]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,I do? [his kids rejoice]
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,You and your entire family are going to wonderful and exotic France!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,Hooray!
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"All right, everybody. Let's get them to the airport! [members of the studio audience start carrying out little jakovasaurs] Let's go, people! There's no time to lose! [two people carry Jakov out]"
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,South Park Airport. The jakovasaurs are being whisked into the plane as quickly as possible.
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[looking at Randy and Gerald] But what about our clothes? Shouldn't we pack first?
Jakovasaurs,Randy,"Jakovasaurs don't wear clothes, Jakov."
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"Oh yeah. Well, good-bye everybody! We'll send stuff from France!"
Jakovasaurs,Crowd,Good-bye!
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,[almost trips as he turns to enter the plane] Werrr. [the crowd laughs weakly]
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[arriving and running up the stairs] Jakov!
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,Close the door! [an attendant closes the door on Cartman's face]
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[pounding] Open this door!
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"Eric, this is for the best."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"[facing the crowd angrily] I am Department of Interior guy, and I have authoritah! [the plane backs into the runway, then moves forward. Cartman rushes down the steps and runs alongside the plane] No! Jakov, don't go!"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[from his window] Hi, Eric! Okay, bye, then! [the plane takes off. Cartman can only watch as the plane disappears in the horizon]"
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,[resigned] Come... back. [the crowd begins to surround him.]
Jakovasaurs,Liane,"[reaching out] Eric, it's important for you to understand-."
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,"Don't, mother! Just, don't."
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"[on one knee] I know it's hard, Eric, but I've learned something today. You see, animal species come and go. It's all a part of natural evolution."
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,The jakovasaurs would have gone extinct if we hadn't interfered. Because their particular form of life simply wasn't practical.
Jakovasaurs,Ned,"[with a much better voice box] We can't go around saving every form of life, any more than we can kill them all. We have to let nature run its course. [silence]"
Jakovasaurs,Jimbo,"Mhmm Ned, that voice box sucks!"
Jakovasaurs,Ned,I know. I'm still trying to find my old one.
Jakovasaurs,Mayor,"Well, then. What say we all go get some ice cream!"
Jakovasaurs,Crowd,Hooray!
Jakovasaurs,Cartman,No. That's okay. I'll see you guys. [slowly walks away]
Jakovasaurs,Kyle,Dude! I've never seen Cartman care so much about something.
Jakovasaurs,Stan,Yeah. I guess he finally found something that's as annoying as he is.
Jakovasaurs,Scene Description,"The Café Grenouille in Paris, France. The Eiffel Tower in in the background. An accordionist plays."
Jakovasaurs,Waiter,Bonjour.
Jakovasaurs,Woman,[blonde wearing stylish shades] Bonjour.
Jakovasaurs,Waiter,Café?
Jakovasaurs,Woman,"Oui. [a bus pulls up and drops off passengers, then pulls away]"
Jakovasaurs,Jakov,"[with his family] Come on, kids! Let's go find some pyramids! [crashes into a table and ends up in its umbrella on the ground] Woops! Aaaah! [The accordionist stops and everyone stares at Jakov. Then they start laughing]"
Jakovasaurs,Man,[one of two in suits] C'est drôle et amusant (That was SO FUNNY!!) [chuckles]
Jakovasaurs,Accordionist,(I love its antics!!!)
Jakovasaurs,Blonde,Il est si comme Jerry Lewis!!! (He's just like Jerry Lewis!!!) [the laughter continues]
Tweek vs. Craig,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The school bell rings. Most of the third-grade boys are in a shop room.
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"This is shop class. My name is Mr. Adler. For the next week, rather than your normal schoolwork, you'll be learning how to make things. Now, does anybody know WHY you're in shop class? [Stan raises his hand] Yes?"
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,"Because we had to choose between this and home ec, and we didn't wanna be sissies?"
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"Wrong! You are here because you are America's future! [stirring music plays] You may someday be doctors, or lawyers, or scientists. Most of you, however, will be pumping gas, or cutting sheet metal, and that's why we have... [points to the words] shop class."
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,Ooooohh.
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"Now, let me make one thing crystal clear: I don't like kids that screw around! You screw around in shop class, you can lose a hand or an eye. I have a- [picks up a picture of a woman and begins to get lost looking at it] I have... uh, I have a..."
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,Mr. Adler?
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"[sets the picture down] Huh? Oh, uh, I was just saying that I want to know who is the biggest troublemaker in your class?"
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,[quickly points] Tweek is!
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,"Arrh! No, I'm not!"
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,"Yeah, you are! You always get in trouble."
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,Arrrrh!
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"Oh, hello, excuse me, but Craig is the biggest troublemaker in our class."
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"That true, Craig? You a troublemaker?"
Tweek vs. Craig,Craig,No.
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"Well, you'd better not be, because in shop class we- [Craig flips him off] Hey! Did you just flip me off?!"
Tweek vs. Craig,Craig,No.
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,"Yes, you did!"
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,Told ya!
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,"[hushed, to Stan] Dude, shop class sucks. Maybe we should have taken home ec."
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,"Now way, dude. Home ec is for girls."
Tweek vs. Craig,Scene Description,The Home Economics room. All the girls are here.
Tweek vs. Craig,Voice,"[female] Welcome to home ec. [the camera scans across the class] For the next week, you will be learning how to bake, sew, clean, and make things that are lacy and pretty. [Kenny appears]"
Tweek vs. Craig,Kenny,(Woohooo!) [Wendy raises her hand]
Tweek vs. Craig,Wendy,"I requested to be in shop class, but they sent me here."
Tweek vs. Craig,Woman,"That's right, Wendy. You see, some of you girls will go on to have interesting jobs and careers. [now cautioning] But all of you pretty ones... won't have to worry about that, because you can marry a nice man. And that's why we have... home ec."
Tweek vs. Craig,Kenny,(Woohooo!) [the girls on either side of him look at him]
Tweek vs. Craig,Scene Description,"The Shop room. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman sit before a power miter box. Cartman is feeding it wood."
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,I wonder why Kenny didn't wanna take shop class? [cuts out two slabs]
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,I don't know. He's such a wuss.
Tweek vs. Craig,Mr. Adler,[passing by] Hey! Don't screw around! You screw around too much!
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"You know, you guys are totally wrong about Tweek. Craig is way worse than he is. [Craig leafs through some wood scraps, and Tweek approaches a belt sander on the floor]"
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,No he's not dude. Craig is a wuss.
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"Dude, if Craig and Tweek got in a fight, Craig would kick Tweek's ass."
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,Do you wanna bet?
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"Yeah, I'll bet."
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,How much?
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,Five bucks.
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,You're on!
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,[revs up a belt sander.] Arrh! [jumps. Stan and Kyle walk to him]
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,Hey Tweek.
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,[jumps] Gaarhrhrh!
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,Dude. Craig chooses you. He wants to fight.
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,[drops the sander] He does?
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,"Yeah. He's all pissed off at you. So, will you fight?"
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,Why?
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,"Dude, because! You have to stand up for yourself! So will you fight him? [Craig is still leafing through the scraps]"
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,[jumps] Rrrrh! He doesn't look like he wants to fight me.
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"Craig, could I talk to you real quick? [Craig flips him off, and Cartman puts his palms up to calm him] Er, just a second, please, Craig. Craig, I'm not normally one to get involved in this kind of thing but, well, I was just standing over by Tweek, and, he called you a big poop-eater."
Tweek vs. Craig,Craig,He did?
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"Yeah. He said you eat poop, and that it makes your breath smell like poop, and that, eh, well, you like it."
Tweek vs. Craig,Craig,Why would he say that?
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"I don't know, Craig, I don't know. But now he's over there telling everybody that you're a poop-eater and he chooses you."
Tweek vs. Craig,Craig,"[now pissed] Well, I've gotta go over there and-"
Tweek vs. Craig,Cartman,"[blocks his way] No, no! Craig, you can't fight him here; Mr. Adler would just break it up. Tell you what: I'll go tell him you accept his challenge, and set it up for after school today."
Tweek vs. Craig,Craig,Okay. [flips Tweek off]
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,There. Did you see? He just flipped you off.
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,[twitches to one side] Rrrr! What a jerk!
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,"He's really got it out for you, dude."
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,Why?! What did I do?!
Tweek vs. Craig,Kyle,"So, do you agree to fight him after school?"
Tweek vs. Craig,Tweek,I guess so.
Tweek vs. Craig,Stan,"Super. See you there. [they walk away, pleased]"
Tweek vs. Craig,Scene Description,"Mr. Adler takes out the picture of his fiancée again and looks at it. He begins to daydream. Memories of his fiancée come to him, and her voice echoes every time reminisces."
Tweek vs. Craig,Fiancée,"[runs from him] Catch me, Richard. [she laughs even after he catches her and she's on the grass] I'm so in love with you, Richard. [next scene: she's in the kitchen holding a tray] I made you some cookies, Richard. [sniffs them real good. Next, she's by the fireplace with a little stocking] Merry Christmas, Richard. [laughing on the yard outside] Oh, Richard. Say you'll hold me forever. [in flight, trying to regain control] Aaaaaaa! [in a swimming pool, under water] Richard!"
