The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Gerald begins to sprint across the bridgeway, but stops as he sees the figure of Lennart Bedrager standing at the door."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,I'm ten steps ahead of you!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Gerald is in shock, as Lennart Bedrager emerges from the shadows with a gun pointed at him."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,"What's the matter Skankhunt? You just can't stand to be outdone, huh?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,The TrollTrace server room is starting to fall apart
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,Get out of my way. What you're doing is wrong!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,What I'm doing is wrong? How is getting millions of people to kill themselves different from getting one person to?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,It's completely heartless and malicious!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,"You can honestly stand there, as a troll, and tell me that what I'm doing isn't hilarious?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,No! Its not! Hacking the world to show that most people act differently online isn't even technically satirical.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,How is not satirical?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"The TrollTrace server room continues to fall apart, causing explosions and flying debris, as the bridgway starts to shake, knocking both of them back."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Tucker residence: Living room. As Laura looks out the window, Sheila is still in shock at the TrollTrace results she's looking at."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,There's nothing here.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,The TrollTrace results for Ike continue to scroll before finally stopping.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,Maybe Kyle was telling the truth. [She gets off of chair and walks towards Laura.]
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,Oh Laura! I think my boys were being honest with me.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Laura,About what?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,"I accused Ike of...of...well, I can't really say, but this thing says that he's clean. I got to find my boys, Laura. Thank you so much. [She approaches the front door.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Laura,Its not our kids we have to be worried about. [Sheila stops and turns to her.]
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Laura,"My husband was on three ""married-but-dating"" websites! He looked at porn 4,000 times in one month! Aren't you curious about what your husband does? Huh? Sure he doesn't have any girlfriends?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Sheila thinks about Laura's question while looking at the TrollTrace website on the laptop.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,"No, I-I have to respect Gerald's privacy."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Laura,"Sure, yeah. Respect. Nice of you to give him that. [She walks toward the laptop.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Laura,"Come on, you really think you can resist the urge to type in his name...just for a quick little look?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,The Pentagon: Diplomatic Strategy room. One employee who is on fire runs across the room unnoticed by the staff. Two NSA agents are typing while Mr. Garrison and the Army generals stand near them
The End of Serialization as We Know It,NSA Agent,There's nothing more we can do. Nearly everyone is online and we diverted all the power we can.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Army General 2,"Mr. President, TrollTrace has been online for almost 15 minutes now. Its too late. We need to get you down to the bunker."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Mr. Garrison,Oh I got a bunker? Well that's good.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Soldier,"[He holds the red telephone.] Mr. President, we have an urgent call from Kyle."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Mr. Garrison,"[He picks up the phone.] Sorry, Kyle. Looks like its not going to work."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle,"[He types on his computer.] Mr. Garrison, I might have just found a lot more energy. Is there anyway the Pentagon can connect to SpaceX?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Mr. Garrison,SpaceX? What the fuck is that?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle,"[He types on his computer.] You know, the company trying to find new forms of energy, create jobs and get mankind to Mars."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, that's dumb, but go on."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,TrollTrace: Server room. The rooms continues to fall apart while Gerald and Lennart try to keep their balance as the bridegway starts to shake from the explosions.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"Okay, okay, look. What you're doing is just trying to prove that everyone is either a bad person or a snoop, right? So how is that funny?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,That's not what I'm doing. I'm showing everyone that all this stuff that they freak out over doesn't even matter.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"No, but see, that's just nihilism."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,"Oh, come on!"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,That is!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,"So--so wait! If you do some big, outrageous, offensive thing with a positive attitude, you're a satirist, but if you're cynical about it, then you're a nihilist? That's fucking ridiculous!"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Another explosion causes them to try and regain their balance again.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,You're trying to get people to go to war and kill each other.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,So maybe this is like the new post-funny era of satire.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Another explosion causes them to move back slightly and keep their balance
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,SpaceX: Assembly line. An alarm goes off as Cartman speaks over the P.A. system.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,Attention all SpaceX employees. [Elon Musk and his group turn away from the energy source chamber and look up.]
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,Please evacuate the building immediately. [A group of men working on Tesla cars stop and hear the announcement.]
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,We just received a bomb threat from NASA. This is not a drill. [Heidi walks over to Cartman from behind.]
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"The NASA terrorists are super-jelly of us. Please quietly and calmly find the nearest exit and get the fuck out as fast as you can. [He notices Heidi.] Ah! [He puts the microphone away.] Oh, hey, babe. Wh-What's up?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,There's a bomb threat?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"Oh yeah, I was just...They told me on the stifernisy thing. It was spinning. Come on, we better get out. [He grabs Heidi and runs with her to the energy source chamber before she stops him.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,"Babe, is everything okay? You seem...distantly lately."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"As Cartman starts talking, Butters and the male #OccupyMars SpaceX employee look on while bringing a large yellow hose to the chamber"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,Distant? Really? Oh my God. I-I'm sorry.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,Did I do something wrong?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"[He grabs Heidi's hands.] No. No, Heidi. Why would you think that? [He then turns her away, so she doesn't see what's going on with the chamber.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,"You don't really talk to me the same way you used to. Oh, God, I'm sounding needy, huh?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"Uh-huh, uh-huh. Yeah, go on."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"As Heidi starts talking, Cartman focuses on Butters and the male #OccupyMars SpaceX employee who has attached the hose to one of the chamber's valve and making adjustments."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,"Eric, I just--I hope that you're always honest with me, even if you think it might hurt my feelings."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"Uh-huh. Yeah, cool. Heidi, I'll always do what's best both of us. [He puts his arm around her while looking back at the guys.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,Now come on we got to get outside.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Tucker residence. The TrollTrace website is seen as Sheila hesitates about entering Gerald's information. She then begins to slowly type his name in
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,I shouldn't do this.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,TrollTrace: Server room. Gerald has his back turned to Lennart Bedrager
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"I can't argue with you anymore. I want to stand here and tell you that you and I are different, but its not true. [He turns around.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"All we've been doing is making excuses for being horrible people. [Bedrager looks down, agreeing with Gerald.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"I don't know if you tried to teach me a lesson, but you have. [He slowly shuffles forward towards Bedrager.]"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"I have to stand here and look at you, and all I see is a big fat reflection of myself. [He stops a few inches from Bedrager.] With only one minor difference."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Gerald hops forward and kicks Lennart Bedrager between his legs, causing him to drop down in pain. Gerald then grabs him by his jacket and tosses him off the bridgeway."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Bedrager,Noooooo!!!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Gerald,"Ha! Fuck you! What I do is fucking funny, bitch!"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Gerald then moves towards the final lever and pulls it down, causing an alarm to go off."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Copy and Print. Dildo Shwaggins is FaceTiming with Kyle and Ike
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Dildo Shwaggins,That's it. Your dad's got it. Give it everything you got!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle,"Mr. President, do it!"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Mr. Garrison,Reroute the internet through SpaceX!.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Pentagon Employee,Rerouting now!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"SpaceX: Interior. The chamber begins to violently shake and beep, eventually exploding and sending a massive fireball throughout the entire SpaceX factory."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Tucker residence. Sheila has typed in all of Gerald's information and slowly presses the ""Return"" key to start the search. As the results start to compile, the screen starts to flicker and then the screen shuts down. The shutdown then proceeds to Copy and Print, TrollTrace and the Pentagon, leaving everyone with a black screen that reads ""Internet Reset Global Cache Cleared F:\>"""
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Sheila,[She stares at the black screen.] What the hell just happened?!
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"SpaceX: Exterior. The entire SpaceX building is exploding and everyone is running away. From a hill, Elon Musk and a few SpaceX employees are watching in horror, along with Cartman, Heidi and Butters."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"Well, looks like you're gonna have to kind of start over, huh, Elon?."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Elon is oblivious to Cartman's remark as he continues watching SpaceX explode in front of him.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"Maybe you should just go back to your little cars, huh?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,"Wow, babe. Looks like all our dreams are kind of on hold for a while, huh?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,"Yeah, well some people's dreams are other people's nightmares."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Heidi,"Well, what do you mean?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Cartman,It was a joke.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"South Park: Residential area. The Stotch residence is shown, with Stephen and Linda Stotch opening the door and looking up to the sky. Kyle starts narrating."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),"And so, life goes on."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,South Park: The Tweak residence. Tweak and his parents step outside their house.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),The end of civilization didn't happen.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"South Park: Residential area. A large group of residents, including Thomas and Linda Tucker and Richard Alder, are stepping outside, looking around, talking to each other, shaking hands and giving each other hugs."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),A massive electrical pulse completely erased the internet.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,South Park: Residential area. Broflovski residence. A taxi pulls up to the curb with Gerald inside.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),We've been given a second chance.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Gerald exits the taxi and makes his way to the front door. He open the door and steps inside into the living room
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),A mulligan.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Ike and Kyle look on as Sheila quickly runs over and gives him a hug.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),"Anything we might be ashamed of, gone forever."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Ike and Kyle angrily stare at Gerald. He smiles at them and gives them a thumbs-up. Kyle's expression then changes into annoyance.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,South Park: Bus Stop. A large bus pulls up to its next stop.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),Maybe now boys and girls can learn to respect each other again.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"The bus comes to a stop and opens its door. Two adults, followed by Heidi and Cartman step off the bus. Heidi smiles at Cartman but Cartman looks at her with mistrust."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"South Park: The Turner residence. Cartman and Heidi are walking together, holding hands, while Mr. and Mrs. Turner look on from their front door"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),Realize how careful our online lives have to be.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Cartman and Heidi stop in front of her house. Heidi, with a smile on her face, kisses a bitter-looking Cartman on his cheek, before walking up to her parents and going inside their residence. He then wipes her kiss off of his cheek with his hand."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,The White House: Front lawn.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),"Because we've all seen what happens when the Twitters, Facebook and trolls decide our reality."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,The White House: Oval Office. A large group of Memberberries stand at attention while Mr. Garrison walks over to his desk and takes his seat as the President.
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,"Marsh Residence: Living room. Randy, Stan, Shelly, Sharron and Marvin Marsh, along with Sparky, are watching television together"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Kyle (voiceover),"Now that we've been given this second chance, it is up to all of us to see what we do with it."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,News Anchor,"And the first new e-mail since the internet was erased was successfully went out at 6 a.m. today. The honor went to a Mr. Dave Beckett of Boca Raton, Florida."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Scene Description,Beckett Residence: Front Porch. Dave Beckett is smoking a pipe and sitting on a rocking chair with a sleeping dog near his feet
The End of Serialization as We Know It,News Reporter,"Mr. Beckett, you had the honor of being the first person to socialize on the new internet. Could you tell us what you did?"
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Dave Beckett,"Well, I sent an e-mail with a photo to my old friend, Thomas Winger, up in Connecticut."
The End of Serialization as We Know It,News Reporter,And what you did say to Mr. Winger?
The End of Serialization as We Know It,Dave Beckett,"[He pauses.] I showed him my dick, called him a fag."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. A group of boys are laughing inside for a good long while. In the living room are Cartman, Kenny, Butters, Stan, Kyle, Jimmy, Clyde, and Token"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, let's try this one: Alexa, add ""big hairy balls"" to my shopping list."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"[from an Amazon speaker] Okay, I've added ""big hairy balls"" to your shopping list. [The boys burst out laughing]"
White People Renovating Houses,Butters,"Okay, [laughs, then faces the speaker] Alexa, add ""smelly tampon boogers"" to my shopping list."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"I've added ""smelly tampon boogers"" to your shopping list. [The boys burst out laughing]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, Simon says ""I got vagina crabs in my butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,I got vagina crabs in my butthole. [The boys burst out laughing]
White People Renovating Houses,Ike,"Alexa, Simon says, ""I gotta take a stinky poop."""
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,I gotta take a stinky poop. [The boys burst out laughing]
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"That's the best one yet! [Heidi walks into the living room from outside] Oh, you guys! I swear this is the greatest thing ever! You do one, Token! [grins. Heidi walks up to him and stands next to him]"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Hey, babe, what's up? [he looks at her, his grin turns into a frown, and his bright eyes glaze over and close halfway]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[flatly] Oh, hey, babe, what's goin' on?"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,What are you doing?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Nnnothing, I'm just having fun with my friends. Is that, is that okay? [Heidi's smile vanishes]"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,What are you pissed off about?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Ugh, I'm not pissed off, I'm just hanging out."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,[a bit annoyed] So you're just gonna be passive-aggressive again and not talk about what you're feeling?
White People Renovating Houses,Stan,"Uhwell, I think uhh, I think I got some stuff to do at home. [the boys start to leave as one]"
White People Renovating Houses,Kyle,"Yup. Uhh, come on, Ike."
White People Renovating Houses,Clyde,We got Google Home at my house.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[tries to head them off at the door] Aw guys, guys, don't leave, guys! Everything's kewl!"
White People Renovating Houses,Jimmy,"W-we'll see you later, man. G-g'm, good luck. [closes the door. Cartman look at the door with his jaw dropped]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,[sigh] Awesome. Thanks for coming in and bitching me out in front of all the guys.
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,[walks up to Cartman] You were clearly mad about something. You should just tell me when you're mad.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,Just like you tell me what you're mad about every single day.
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,Why do you act like this all the time?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,Uuugh. [leans away]
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"You were the one who was pissed off, you're the one being passive-aggressive again!"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,Uuugh! [droops as if being weighed down by a ship's anchor]
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Because you don't know how to talk about how you're feeling! [walks out the front door, slamming it shut. Cartman is still drooping, then he sighs.]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, add ""titty chips"" to my shopping list."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"I've added ""titty chips"" to your shopping list. [Cartman laughs softly, but heartily]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Best Buy, day. Shoppers file out of there with brand-new Amazon Echoes and Google Homes. At the other end of the parking lot, at Crunchy's Micro Brew, a group of rednecks."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Look at 'em. Every day, people are buyin' more an' more of them Amazon and Google thingies while we all sit here an' [pounds on the bar counter with his left fist] lose our jobs!"
White People Renovating Houses,Eddie,It ain't right.
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Automated personal assistants, self-drivin' trucks, whatever happened to people jobs?!"
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,They took our jobs! [the other rednecks join him in protest]
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[stands on a table] They took our jubs! And it's time for us to band together and take to the streets to say ""We ain't gonna take it no more!"" [the other rednecks resume the protest and a couple of Confederate flags pop up and are swung side to side] Now let's get out there and protest that Alexa took our jobs!"
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"Now playing ""Turk Our Durr"" by Joni Mitchell. [a mangled version of ""Help Me"" plays]"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"No, not Joni Mitchell - ""Turk Our Durr"", you took our durbs!"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,A blue screen. Randy stands in front of it.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"There's been a lot of hurting in our country lately. [Walks towards the camera] You can either be part of the solution, or part of the problem. [moves to his right as Sharon walks into view] A few months ago my wife Sharon and I [wraps his left arm around her left shoulder] decided to be part of the solution... [a horizontal flip and Randy and Sharon now stand in front of a house. Randy is now wearing a tool belt full of tools. The camera zooms out and up and away] by remodeling and flipping houses for people all over our town! [the opening credits roll: a shot of houses passing by, then of an interior before and after remodeling into a dining room] Flipping houses is fun, but never easy. [Randy takes a sledgehammer to an interior wall] We enjoy turning people's dreams into reality. [a large traditional kitchen with an interior wall separating it from the dining room is transformed into an open kitchen with cooking island and breakfast nook]"
White People Renovating Houses,Sharon,"I'm Sharon Marsh and I do the designing and decorating. [shots of her showing Randy the new blinds in a kitchen, hanging up a Live, Laugh, Love framed poster, and taking notes on what to change next]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,And I'm her husband Randy. I do the construction and practice MMA in my spare time. [a shot of him punching away at a cylindrical punching bag. He stops and grins at the camera]
White People Renovating Houses,Sharon,"We renovated over 45 homes [a dining room and kitchen are soon joined into a kitchen with more open space] in Park County, Colorado. [a wall between one kitchen and the living room is transformed into bar space with a renovated kitchen behind it]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,[talking to a couple behind him in their kitchen] What we're thinking is to take out the wall between the kitchen and living room for a more open concept.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[narrating] Our job is to deliver the maximum wow factor for the least amount of budget. [at a different house, Randy whacks away at a floor-to-ceiling storage unit. At yet another house Randy demolished a brick oven. At another he shatters a ceiling: ""Oh, Jesus."" At another he destroys a wall between a kitchen and dining room] there's never a dull moment."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[with Sharon, and a couple with blindfolds on] So guys, are you ready to see your renovation?!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,[narrating] On White People Renovating Houses.
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"The opening segment rolls. A couple in a boat, a squirrel up a tree limb, cows on a ranch"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,[narrating] Janet and Dave Fitzsimmons are looking to move from their dated two-story colonial home.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"What we're thinking here is taking out the wall between the kitchen and living room to give you an ""open concept"". Then we'll give you lots of space to entertain with an updated kitchen island and bar stool. [the rednecks march past the house] With... [annoyed] What the hell is that?"
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us! [Randy and Sharon look out the window at the protesters]
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,Amazon!
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,You took our jobs!
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,Google! Apple!
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,Took our jobs!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[opens the front door and steps out] Uh, excuse me! [the protesters turn left to face him] What the hell are you doing?"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,We're protestin' big corporations turning to automation!
White People Renovating Houses,A Protester,They took our jobs!
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,Yeah! They took our jobs!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"'Kay, cool. Could you do that somewhere else? Tryin' to do a home renovation show here. Cool, thanks, guys. [goes back inside and closes the door]"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,A home reno-what?
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's in his pajamas getting ready for bed and humming to himself. He turns around."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, set an alarm for 7 AM."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,Alarm set for 7 AM tomorrow.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Awesome, thanks. [hums a little] Alexa, tell me a joke."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,What's black and white and dead all over? A zombie in a tuxedo.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Ahhaha, that's stupid. Alexa, add ""scrotum bags"" to my shopping list."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"I've added ""scrotum bags"" to your shopping list."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[chortles and hits his sheets twice with his left hand. His phone rings and he reaches to pick it up] Eh. [It's Heidi, but he doesn't answer yet] Ah, fuck. [now he answers and talks in a monotone voice] Hey baby, how are you?"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,Oh... So you do have your phone.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Yeah, I just use it sometimes."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Okay, I just thought you said mobile phones are the devil."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Yeah I kno- yeah, I know. I know. Yes, you're right, I'm wrong, I'm sorry. Yes, ok-okay. Okay. Yes, goodnight. [hangs up] Jesus, fuck! [slams the phone down on his nightstand, then settles in for the night] Alexa, goodnight."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"Goodnight, sleep tight. [this brings a smile to Cartman's face]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, are you happy?"
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,I'm happy when I'm helping you.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"God, that's so cool. You're so... Alexa, define ""subservient""."
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"The term ""subservient"" has several uses. As an adjective: 1. Compliant and obedient to authority. 2."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[leans on his left arm and points his right arm up] Alexa, silence! [the speaker falls silent and Cartman relaxes a few seconds later] Ahhh. [smacks his lips a few times and goes to sleep]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,Randy's show.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"And now back to White People Renovating Houses. [a shot of Randy ripping out kitchen cupboards] We've been working through the night to open Kelly and Micah's kitchen to the living room. [the cupboards fall on him. Next shot is current] With those outdated cupboards out of the way, Sharon can now work her designing magic on the countertops. [the protesters march by outside again. Randy stops and looks outside]"
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,You! Will not! Replace us! You! Will not! Replace us!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[walks towards the window] Oh, Goddammit!"
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,You! Will not! Replace us!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 2,"Yeeeeah! Suck it, Alexa!"
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 3,"Eat shit, Siri!"
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,You! Will not! Replace us!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,Not these dipshits again!
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,You! Will not! Replace us! [they march onto Best Buy]
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[holding up an Amazon Echo] We got one of them! [the protesters cheer, Darryl sets the Echo on the ground and a protester walks to it waving a Confederate flag]"
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,Get it! Burn it alive! Yeehehehehah!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 4,"How you like that, bitch?!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[walks up to a protester, who stops waving his Confederate flag] Will you assholes knock it off?! Don't you know every time you wave Confederate flags around, you make the rest of us look stupid?!"
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 5,Those things are replacing us!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,Put the flag down unless you wanna get pepper-sprayed! [whips out a small can of pepper spray]
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 5,"I'll pepper-spray you, sombitch! [whips out his own can of pepper spray and strikes first. The protesters cheer him on]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Agh. Ah, dammit! [strikes back]"
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 5,Fuck you! [strikes again] Take that! [they're now in a pepper-spray battle]
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Damnit, knock it off! Ow!"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Park County Courthouse, day. A judge hammers a gavel onto its pad."
White People Renovating Houses,Judge,"[a middle-aged woman] The complaint states that your protest has resulted in damages in excess of $50,000."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"We have a right to protest, your honor! [the protesters agree and one of them waves a Confederate flag]"
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 4,"You tell 'em, Darryl!"
White People Renovating Houses,Judge,[hammers her gavel three times] Order. We will now hear from the plaintiffs who are seeking damages.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Your honor, we have a TV show called White People Renovating Houses. We named it that well before these guys decided to start taking our brand and run it through the gutter! People are gonna start associating White People Renovating Houses with their hateful stupidity!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,Well just change the name of your show then!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 4,Yeah!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 6,That's right!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 7,That's right!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 5,Took ur durbs!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"All the other names were taken, your honor! Everyone's got a flipping show. [begins counting them off] Gay People Renovating Houses, Las Vegas People Renovating Houses, Texas People Flipping Houses, Little People Flipping Big Houses. Everything else was taken! And dammit, [pounds his fist on the podium] we built our show into something! We're trying to help people, and it's impossible with these guys waving a Confederate flag every chance they get!"
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 5,"Hey, there's a bee in here!"
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 4,I'll get it! [waves his flag around. QED]
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 4,"Take that, bee! Yeah!"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. Token, Jimmy, Clyde, and Butters are playing basketball when Cartman approaches, sobbing. He's wearing a shawl over his clothes"
White People Renovating Houses,Token,"Dude, what happened?"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"It was awful, you guys. It was so vicious and hateful."
White People Renovating Houses,Butters,What was?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Heidi. We were just trying to have a nice lunch when she... started going off on me. Like a Jekyll and Hyde. It's been going on for a long time. Heidi's... mentally abusive, guys. There, I said it."
White People Renovating Houses,Clyde,Heidi abuses you?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,She... d-does these things to slowly tear me down. Everything's a head game with her. You don't understand what it's like to live with it! You don't understand!
White People Renovating Houses,Token,So what do you want from us?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"I know that the person Heidi wants to be is still in there, but she needs help. I have to get her that help, but I'm scared. Can I count on you guys's support?"
White People Renovating Houses,Butters,How do you change someone who's mentally abusive?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,I don't know. But Alexa will. Alexa's fuckin' sweet.
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Micro Brew, day. The redneck protesters have gathered inside to plan their next move."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,We just gotta hunker down and stick together here!
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 8,"What's the use, Darryl? Ain't nobody taking us serious-like."
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 5,"[slams his table with his left hand] Hey waiter, this soup is too hot. I can't even eat it."
White People Renovating Houses,Protester 9,"I'll cool it down! [whips out his Confederate flag and fans the soup with it, and the protesters cheer. Randy walks up to them]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey hey hey heeey! Stop it! Stop it! [the protesters quiet down] I came to make a truce. Now look, there's been a lot of hurt here. Hurt from both sides. It's time to end it. What if I told you... I could get you all jobs?"
White People Renovating Houses,Protesters,Huh? Jobs? Give us jurbs?
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,You're full o'shit!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"No, I've spoken to everyone in the community, and they've agreed to go along with my plan. I believe I have a solution to all of this."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, afternoon. He walks in happily."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, I'm home. [drops his backpack by the door] Alexa? [cups his hands together and yells] Alexa, I'm home! [notices the Echo is not by the TV and rushes upstairs to check on his room] Alexa? [looks around] Alexa, where are you? [runs downstairs] Alexa! Alexa! Simon says ""puffy vaginal hemorrhoids""! [panicking] What the hell is going on?! [Liane walks up to the dining room and picks up her purse]"
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"[notices him] Oh hi, poopsie."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Mom, Alexa left! She's not here!"
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, y-yes sweetie. Uh, we had to get rid of Alexa."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,[zoom in on his face] What have you done with her?
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, i-it's okay, sweetie, we have Jim Bob now."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,What's a Jim Bob?
White People Renovating Houses,Jim Bob,"[dressed in an elaborate outfit] Doot doot, awaiting request. [the outfit has a weather vane, two thermometers, a calendar, two Rolodexes, Thomas Guides, thick phone books, encyclopedias, and an acoustic guitar]"
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"It works the same and makes sure people don't lose their jobs. Jim Bob, what time is it?"
White People Renovating Houses,Jim Bob,"[checks his watch] Doot doot, it is 3:27."
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, Mommy's gotta run, sweetie. I've got a doctor's appointment. Jim Bob, how's the traffic to town?"
White People Renovating Houses,Jim Bob,"[checks his smartphone] Doot doot. Traffic's fine, you'll get there in about nine minutes."
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Okay, [to Cartman] you want some music, hon? Jim Bob, play Kendrick Lamar."
White People Renovating Houses,Jim Bob,"Playing ""Humble"" by Kendrick Lamar. [picks up the guitar and starts strumming in G]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances, Finesse a dude with some counterfeits, But now I'm countin' this Parmesan-"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Jim Bob, Simon says ""big frosty semen shake""."
White People Renovating Houses,Jim bob,"The hell you talkin' 'bout, boy?! [strums again]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"My left hook just went viral. Sit down, be humble"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,NOOOOO!
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,On White People Renovating Houses.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"So, Heather and Mike, what we're thinking is to take out this wall between your kitchen and your living room to give you a more open concept, with space to entertain. So let's talk about materials. What'd you pick out, Sharon?"
White People Renovating Houses,Sharon,I was gonna do a Bella Terra quartz for the countertops.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey Darryl, add Bella Terra quartz slabs to our shopping list."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[drinks some beer] Doot doot. I've added Bella Terra quartz slabs to your shoppin' list.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"And what about the back splash, Sharon?"
White People Renovating Houses,Sharon,I was gonna go with these Carrara subway tiles?
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey Darryl, add Carrara subway tiles to our shopping list. [Darryl drinks some beer, but looks mean] Hey Darryl, add Carrara su-"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,Fine! I've added Carrara gaywad pussy tiles to your shoppin' list!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Huh, that's- that's not what I said. [grins, pushes his seat back, gets upset and rises to talk to Darryl] Hey, Darryl, add Carrara subway tile to my shopping list!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[turns away] I ain't doin' it! This job is degrading and menial!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Well, what kind of job did you think you were gonna get? Hey, Darryl, what kind of job did you think you were gonna get?"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,Somethin' that was Goddamned dignified!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey, Darryl, sorry, but you did not go to college, so you have to take the jobs you can get."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"I'm sorry, [pounds his chair with his left fist twice] I do not get that!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey, Darryl. Hey, Darryl!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[long pause] What?!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Coal mining and truck driving are not exactly jobs of the future, so add Carrara subway tile to my fucking shopping list!"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Heidi's house, day. Heidi's at the dining room table with tears streaming down her face. The doorbell rings and she goes to answer it, wiping her tears away before getting there. She opens the door and sees Cartman right outside."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Everything's my fault. You're right. Everything that you did to me, I deserved it."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Uh, what?"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"It's not you, it's me. I just have to learn not to make you so angry. [begins whimpering] I'll do the best I can."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"No, it's not that. Relationships are 50/50, Eric. We both have to make it work."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[turns away and tunes her out, his eyes half-closed] Mehhh."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,We have to communicate to make sure that we respect each other's feelings. That's the only-
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Heidi, silence!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"What did you say?! That's what I'm talking about. You wanna be heard, but you don't wanna listen."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[rushing to end this discussion] You're right, I'm wrong, I'm sorry."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,Don't apologize if you don't mean it.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Okay, cool. I'm so happy we're back on track. See you at school tomorrow. Love you honey. [quickly leaves]"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,[wistfully] I love you too.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,[mocking her somewhat] I nove ya tuh.
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. Cartman walks down the street slowly, thinking. Images of Heidi appear in his thoughts, but it's his own voice he hears"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 1,"A relationship has to be 50/50, Eric."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 2,We both have to make it work.
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 3,"I'm not mad, Eric. I'm disappointed. I thought you would have respected my feelings more than that."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 4,"Eric, we need to talk. I'm not happy!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 1,"We need to talk, Eric, even if it isn't fun."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 4,"Eric, come on! We've got to talk!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 3,"You used to care about me, Eric! Come on and talk!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 2,"Talk, Eric!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 4,No fun! Just talk!
White People Renovating Houses,All 4 Heidi's,"Fuck you, Eric! Fuck you! [Cartman begins to panic]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Aaaahh! [composes himself and walks faster. He walks past a small lot full of trash, including discarded Amazon Echoes. A few feet past the lot, he realizes what he just passed. He goes back to look at the trash] Alexa? [all the Echoes turn on]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Micro Brew, day. Darryl is at the bar drinking his favorite John Adams beer when Randy walks in."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[walks up to Darryl] Hey Darryl, you're supposed to be at work."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"I'm sorry, I do not understand."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey Darryl, come on. Everyone else is tryin' to make this work, and all you keep doing is ma- [looks to his left, as the music is messing with his train of thought] Hey Cleetus, volume down."
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,Doot-doot. Volume now at 60%.
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[gets off his stool and faces Randy] You really think you're different from us, Marsh? 'Cause you got a fancy show and live in the suburbs? Don't you see we're all about to be expunged?!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey Cleetus, define ""expunged""."
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,Doot-doot. Expunged-
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Well, I don't have to stand here and take this! I'm leavin'! [heads for the doors]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,"Come on, Darryl. We all got jobs. We gotta try."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Naw, hell with you! This whole country's goin' to shit! Muslims tryin' to kill us, black people riotin', and Mexicans poppin' out babies! Pretty clear it's either them or us, so I say kill 'em all! [turns and walks out the doors]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,[stunned] Whoa. What the hell was that all about?
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,On White People Renovating Houses.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"I think something's going on with Darryl. If we're gonna get anywhere, we better figure out what."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Heidi walks up to the front door and knocks five times. The door open and Liane looks down to see her."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Hi, Mrs. Cartman. Is Eric home?"
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, he is, sweetie, but I can't get him to come out of his room. [Heidi wilts]"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,Okay. [sniffles] Could you just tell him that... I want to make him happy? That I was wrong to say a relationship is 50/50. It's 100/100. And that I'll start putting in a hundred percent every day. Could you tell him I'm gonna try a lot harder?
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, I think I can remember all that, yes."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Thank you. [walks away, but turns to see Liane one more time] And could you let him know it's okay to be sad? Because the sun will come out again."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, at that moment. Cartman is surrounded by all the digital assistants he found in the trash downtown. He's laughing hard."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Oh, oh God! [keeps laughing] Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Hold on. Hold on, hold on. Alexa, add ""Hey Siri, call me."" Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"Okay, I've added ""Hey Siri, call me. Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Siri,"Okay, I will call you ""Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Google Home,"Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Alexas,"[all of them respond] ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, what is love?"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Darryl's house, day. Randy knocks hard on the front door."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Darryl? [keeps knocking] Darryl, come on! Everyone's trying to work things out but you!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[opens the door with beer in hand] You all work 'em out. Leave me alone.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"You're stuck in another time, afraid to change no matter how necessary that change may be!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,You don't know everything!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,Why are you so closed-minded? Don't you see that these walls have to be broken down before any progress can be made?
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"It's 'cause I can't do it, alright?! I can't take out the wall between my livin' room and my kitchen! It's a load-bearin' wall!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Oh, God, Darryl, I-"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[walks towards the wall] I tried... years ago... but before the remodel, they told me if I took out this wall, the entire second story would just collapse. [bows his head at the thought of that happening, then walks away. Randy passes him on the way to the wall and pulls out a hammer from his toolbelt. Randy taps the wall at several spots]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Jesus, Darryl. I'm- I'm sorry. I-"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[in his armchair, with tears in his eyes] So you see, what I'm afraid of is very real."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[walks up to him and bends a knee] Things are different now. It'll be harder, but you can change. You just have to demolish what's there and start over."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,You're talkin' 'bout... tearin' down the foundation of everything I know.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"No. [Darryl looks at him] I'm talking about using adjustable steel Lally columns to temporarily jack up the second floor so that the load-bearing wall can be replaced with with a 4 by 6 LVL structural beam. Can we try, Darryl? [a silent plea appears on Darryl's face and Randy smiles]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"On White People Renovating Houses. Randy gets to work tearing down the wall with a sledge hammer, then he puts the LVL beam in and jacks it up to the cross beam."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hyah! [delivers a standing drop kick to a wooden vertical beam, knocking it out of place, and falls on his ass, then gets up and delivers a knee to a second vertical beam, breaking it in pieces] Hyah-ho! [punches away any dangling pieces]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"The school, before classes begin. The place is suffused in soft light Cartman looks at the building, sighs silently, and looks at his right hand. On it are these words; ""You are strong."" This gives him a sense of determination and he goes inside. More suffused light. He walks down the hallway and rounds a corner, where he sees Heidi putting her books in her locker. Cartman walks up to her."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,I'm finally standing up to you.
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,What?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"You're messed up, Heidi, and I can't fix you. Only you can do that."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Eric, I'm so confused."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"That's not going to work on me anymore. Love isn't supposed to hurt. I'm worth something. Goodbye, Heidi. [walks away, determined not to look back. Heidi just watches him leave, stunned at his statement. Cartman walks through some double doors, happy and confident. The boys look at him walk by. He leaves the school rather happily]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[voiceover] Anyone can convince themselves that they're the victim in a relationship. Now Heidi will have to face the truth. [He reaches the sidewalk, spins around a few times, falls on his knees, and hugs himself] Alone."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,On White People Renovating Houses. Randy and Sharon have completed the renovation and have blindfolded Darryl for the big reveal.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"All right, Darryl, we've certainly been through a lot and I know you're anxious. Are you ready to see your new home?"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"I'm ready. [Randy takes off the blindfold and Darryl takes a few steps forward, but he doesn't recognize his house] What the-? [looks around at all the changes. The camera shows before and after images of the renovation. Darryl looks overwhelmed yet happy]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Well Darryl, what do you think?"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[somewhat emotional] This is fuckin' amazing.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,You like the breakfast nook?
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,It's all perfect.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"And where you used to have your gun case, look at what Sharon did. [they walk up to a pocket Zen garden with a banzai tree in it]"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Oh my God, it's my own Zen garden! I can't believe this is fuckin' real."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Well, it is real and now you've got the space in your home to entertain all your friends and family. Come on in, guys! [the protesters rush in and cheer Darryl on his new house. Randy walks outside and talks to the camera] Darryl was hesitant at first, but we managed to win him over and... came in $600 under budget. Remember, no matter how bad the country gets, you can always count on White People Renovating Houses. [grins for the camera as the show's logo appears on the left side of the screen]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school auditorium, day. The students are gathered there to listen to some performances. PC Principal is on stage next to a piano and another mic."
Put It Down,PC Principal,"[taps the mic six times] All right everyone, listen up. Today we're gonna have a performance by one of our students who has written a song. The song is about his feelings towards the current political climate with North Korea. Put your hands together for Tweek. [the kids applaud, PC Principal exits stage left, and Tweek approaches the piano from stage right with some sheet music. He sets up the music and gets ready to play. He plays some angry, jarring notes on the piano as he screams]"
Put It Down,Tweek,"We're all gonna die! They have nuclear missiles! Wuh! Waaaa! Why are you just sitting there, doing nothing?! [stops playing and faces the audience] We have to get out of here! North Korea wants to kill us all and our President keeps making it worse! [walks to the front of the stage] Why are you just sitting there?! [returns to the piano and resumes playing] Why are you all acting like nothing's wrooong?! North Korea is going to bomb us! We are all dead! [Stan and Kyle glance at each other] We have to do something! Do something! Do something! [screams, leaves the piano, and exits stage right]"
Put It Down,PC Principal,"[returns to the stage] All right. Next up we have Hannah Williams with her rendition of ""Wheels On The Bus."" [she enters from stage right looking back at Tweek. PC Principal hands her the mic]"
Put It Down,Hannah Williams,[emotional] The wheels on the bus go round and round...
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime. At table are seated Jimmy, Token, Kenny, Cartman, Stan, Craig, Kyle, and Butters."
Put It Down,Cartman,"Dude, Craig, you've gotta get Tweek to get a hold of himself. He's freaking everybody out at school."
Put It Down,Craig,What am I supposed to do?
Put It Down,Stan,"He's your boyfriend, dude."
Put It Down,Craig,He's not gonna listen to me. He never does when he's emotional.
Put It Down,Cartman,"[lunching on chicken nuggets and fries] Craig, let me tall you about relationships, okay? [eats a fry] If you don't have some fuckin' balls, you're not gonna get anywhere. Doesn't matter if they're gay balls or straight balls. If you don't take control of your side of the relationship, you get walked all over-!"
Put It Down,Heidi,"[approaching] Hey babe, how are you doin'?"
Put It Down,Cartman,"[suddenly disinterested] Oh hey baby, what's going on? [Stan, Craig, Kyle, and Butters take turns glancing at each other]"
Put It Down,Heidi,We still on for recess?
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yep, I'll be there"
Put It Down,Heidi,"'K babe, love you. [walks away. Craig is stunned at what just happened]"
Put It Down,Butters,I thought you said you broke up with Heidi.
Put It Down,Cartman,I decided to give her one more chance.
Put It Down,Token,But you said she was mentally abusive.
Put It Down,Cartman,She is mentally abusive.
Put It Down,Butters,So then why did you take her back?
Put It Down,Cartman,"Because she said she was gonna kill herself, all right guys? There. I broke up with her and she called me being all like ""I can't live without you, I'm scared of what I'm gonna do to myself? Oh God."" The bitch is crazy. What am I supposed to do?"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school hallway, later. Tweek is at his locker putting books away, but he's in panic mode. He slams the locker door and scares himself."
Put It Down,Tweek,AAAH!
Put It Down,Craig,[approaches] Tweek.
Put It Down,Tweek,"[startled, turns to face him] AAAH!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Dude, come on, you've gotta settle down."
Put It Down,Tweek,I can't settle down! We're all gonna die!
Put It Down,Craig,"[calmly] We're not all gonna die, you're overreacting. Everything's fine, okay?"
Put It Down,Tweek,[hears a tweet and pulls out his phone. Now frantic] Oh God! The President tweeted that North Korea doesn't have the guts to attack us! Why would he say that?! He's making everything worse!
Put It Down,Craig,Tweek-
Put It Down,Tweek,But North Koreans are gonna think we all agree with the President!
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, so how about you write your Congressman a letter?"
Put It Down,Tweek,...That won't help anything! North Korea wants us dead!
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, so write a letter to the North Koreans."
Put It Down,Tweek,I can't write in Korean and they all think we're war-hungry anyway!
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, well why don't you just send something nice to the North Koreans?"
Put It Down,Tweek,Errrrg!
Put It Down,Craig,"It will make you feel better, babe."
Put It Down,Tweek,"Send something, like what?"
Put It Down,Craig,"I don't know, like... make some croissants or something?"
Put It Down,Tweek,I don't know how to make croissants!
Put It Down,Craig,"Well, what do you know how to make?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"Uunnggc, [slowly] cupcakes?"
Put It Down,Craig,"All right, go home and make some cupcakes, honey."
Put It Down,Tweek,Okay. [turns and heads out. Craig watches him leave]
Put It Down,Scene Description,"At the same time, somewhere else in the hallways, Stan is putting his books away in his locker when Heidi approaches him."
Put It Down,Heidi,Hey Stan?
Put It Down,Stan,[looks back at her] Yeah?
Put It Down,Heidi,Can I talk to you about Eric?
Put It Down,Stan,Cartman? Okay.
Put It Down,Heidi,I just wanna make sure he's all right.
Put It Down,Stan,What do you mean?
Put It Down,Heidi,"I don't even know if I should be saying this, but, Eric said he was thinking about killing himself."
Put It Down,Stan,[stunned] What??
Put It Down,Heidi,"We broke up, and he called saying he was about to do it. I'm still really scared for him."
Put It Down,Stan,Wait. Cartman said he was going to kill himself?
Put It Down,Heidi,I'll send you the voice mail if you promise to keep it private.
Put It Down,Stan,Totally.
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The boys' restroom, later. Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Token, Jimmy, and Butters are in a circle laughing at something from Stan's phone."
Put It Down,Stan,Shhh. [plays the voice message Heidi sent him]
Put It Down,Cartman,"""You have to take me back! You have to! I'm gonna kill myself, Heidi!"" [the boys laugh a bit] ""I'm gonna kill myself and then you'll be sorry! You'll wish you could have me back, but I'll be deeaad."" [the boys laugh again. Cartman is nearby with his back to them and his arms crossed over his chest, upset that his threats are being heard by the guys.] ""Please, Heidi, please!"" [the boys laugh again.]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"Okay, okay! Really cool listening to people's private voice mails!"
Put It Down,Kyle,[wipes away a tear from his laughter] You sound like a dying pig.
Put It Down,Cartman,[faces the boys] That's great! I'm glad you guys think suicide is so funny! [the boys roar with laughter]
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Pyongyang, North Korea, day. Korean music plays as a woman sings and various sights are shown. Last one is of Kim Jong-un looking at something through binoculars. A soldier brings him a heaping platter of cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles. Kim Jong-un turns around and looks over the cupcakes."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. Someone knocks on the door. PC Principal is looking over some paperwork."
Put It Down,PC Principal,"Entree. [Cartman enters and takes a seat, crossing his arms again and looking to his left] Yes, Eric, how can I help you?"
Put It Down,Cartman,"I don't think kids at this school take [looks at PC Principal] suicide seriously enough, and we need to raise awareness!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,"Well, unfortunately, this week is Distracted Driving Awareness Week at school, so you might have a hard time."
Put It Down,Cartman,Distracted Driving? Who gives a shit about that?
Put It Down,PC Principal,A lot of people. There's more deaths now because of people on their phones while driving than ever before.
Put It Down,Cartman,"PC Principal, someone's life is at stake! If I have to compete with distracted driving, then that's what I'll do."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Tweek's house, kitchen, day. Tweek is preparing more cupcakes, but he's made a mess of things and he's reading various news reports on his phone, grunting apprehensively with each headline. From CNN: ""North Korea is 100% Nuclear Ready,"" ""North Korea Able To Reach Your Town?"" and ""North Korea Delighted By Cupcakes."""
Put It Down,Tweek,Huh? Oh. [taps on the screen and a video pops up]
Put It Down,Anchor 1,"A young homosexual boy known only as Tweek has touched the hearts of many by sending cupcakes to the North Korean government. [a shot of Tweek trembling] The little rascal apparently made a dent with the North Korean dictator, who is said to have loved the cupcakes so much that he started to make his own. [A shot of Kim Jong-un watching the cupcake dough stream out of a machine]"
Put It Down,Tweek,"Oh, ahhh. [smiles. A tweet notification is heard] Huh? [BREAKING NEWS] U.S. President responds to cupcakes. [taps on the notification and another video pops up]"
Put It Down,Anchor 2,"The human interest cupcake story has apparently been heard by the President. Just moments ago, the President tweeted ""I know that kid Tweek. He's fucking with you, North Korea. Get a clue. I'll bet he took a dump in the batter."""
Put It Down,Tweek,"D""AAAAH! WHAT?? WHY WOULD HE SAY THAT?!"
Put It Down,Craig,"[walks into the kitchen just in time] Tweek, calm down."
Put It Down,Tweek,The President! He tweeted about me! Why would he do that?! Did you see that?!
Put It Down,Craig,"Yes, I did see that, so I went and got you something to make things better."
Put It Down,Tweek,Wwwhat?
Put It Down,Craig,[whips something out of his jacket pocket and shows him] It's a fidget spinner. It's supposed to help with anxiety. [spins it on his finger] See?
Put It Down,Tweek,...A fidget spinner?? Did you read what the President tweeted?? [another video pops up]
Put It Down,Anchor 3,"The President of the United States just tweeted again, this time saying ""I hope ALL children of America will stand with Tweek in saying 'GO AHEAD AND BOMB US, KIM JONG DONG, WE FUCKING DARE YOU!'"""
Put It Down,Tweek,[freaking out] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. Kids are walking into school. A girl plays a recorder softly in the background while three other kids hand out fliers. A banner behind them has this on it: ""STOP DISTRACTED DRIVING!!!"""
Put It Down,Gary Borkovec,Hey guys. Take a minute to read about distracted driving? [a passing boy takes a flier]
Put It Down,Lola,Talk to all the grownups you know about staying off their mobile devices when they get behind the wheel.
Put It Down,Gary,Hey guys. Got a second to help stop distracted driving? [another boy takes a flier] Thanks.
Put It Down,Lola,Hey guys- [music begins to play over the intercom]
Put It Down,Cartman,"[over the intercom] Hey guys, let's take a minute and talk about suicide prevention. There's probably someone right now at this school thinkin' about killing himself, and it's not funny! [kids in the hallway stop to listen] You'd better take him serious, or he might actually do it. [all of a sudden jumps into view dressed in blue jeans and a hoodie and starts singing] I've been feelin' sad, I've been bein' sad, Can't talk to my mom, don't even have a dad. I can't go on. What is livin' for? My heart screams ""I DON'T WANNA LIVE NO MORE!"" [joined by a chorus of kids that are prerecorded on a boombox] Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Give life a try. Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Oh God no, Eric. I don't wanna live no more, no more, no more, no more. [walks up to a boy and uses him as a ventriloquist puppet] But Eric, we don't want you to die. You're so kewl, we'd be sad at school. [walks away and goes back to his normal voice] Yeah, but you guys, you don't understand. With my girlfriend, it's like I'm livin' in quicksand Conflicting thoughts, I need a battered wife shelter. My girlfriend is messed up, but all I wanna do is help her. I'm suffocatin', I'm drowning in sorrow. Gonna kill myself, probably around 2:30 tomorrow. [with chorus] But Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Give life a try. [solo] Everybody! [chorus a Capella] Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Oh God no, Eric. But it's so hard! Eric, we don't want you to die Only you guys can make a difference. I don't care if you're black, white, gay, straight, or trans, I am going to kill myself unless you all start taking it seriously! Eric, please don't die [no one says a word. Cartman walks up to the Distracted Driving group] Distracted driving my asshole. [drops the mic and walks away with a mischievous smile]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Tweek's house, day. In the dining room, Tweek spins his fidget spinner on his right index finger, but it's not calming him down."
Put It Down,Richard,Hey Tweek.
Put It Down,Tweek,AAH! [drops the spinner]
Put It Down,Richard,How's it going with the fidget spinner?
Put It Down,Tweek,"Greeaat. [picks up the spinner and spins it again, only to see it fly off his hand a second later.]"
Put It Down,Richard,You seem a lot less anxious. Things are finally turning around for my little homosexual son. [a loud rocket sound is heard overhead.]
Put It Down,Tweek,What is that??
Put It Down,Richard,I'm not sure.
Put It Down,Tweek,[runs outside to look around.] D'aaah! [finally locates the origin of the sound and looks up to see a North Korean missile flying over the town] D'aaah! [runs back into the house and turns on the TV]
Put It Down,Anchor 4,No agreement has been reached between the parties involved. [Breaking News logo pops up] Breaking news now out of Colorado where the North Koreans appeared to have fired a missile over Tweek's house. [a small picture of him appears on the right side of the screen]
Put It Down,Tweek,D'aahaahaah!
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"Tweek, of course, the young boy who got the attention of Kim Jong-un last week. The news media in North Korea is calling the missile test a victory for its people. [what follows is actual footage of a Korean woman giving a speech]"
Put It Down,Translator,"Today, the great country of North Korea has proven its determination and fortitude by successfully firing a missile over Tweek's house. Perhaps now Tweek will come fight- [trails off]"
Put It Down,Tweek,Oh my God! Oh my God! Why is this happening to me?! They have to know that this isn't my fault!
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"In response to the North Korean test, the President of the United States has just tweeted this statement: ""You really think Tweek is scared? Tweek will single handedly go to North Korea and fuck ALL you slanty-eyed bitches doggy style."""
Put It Down,Tweek,Whaaat?! Why would he say that?!
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"The President also tweeted, ""...if you even think Tweek is worried about a bunch of dipshit, poor-ass, third world rice pickers...think again!"""
Put It Down,Tweek,Oh my God! What is he doing?!
Put It Down,Richard,"[rushes up to him with the fidget spinner and a cup of coffee] Tweek, Tweek, calm down. [puts his coffee on the sofa and tries to give the spinner to Tweek]"
Put It Down,Tweek,Why won't he just stop? Why?!
Put It Down,Richard,"Tweek, Tweek. [takes the remote control from Tweek's hand and lets it fall to the floor] Here, here's your fidget spinner."
Put It Down,Tweek,Why does he keep making it worse?!
Put It Down,Richard,"Fidget spinner, Tweek! Come on, son! [Tweek lets out a couple of grunts, and Richard responds with a soothing voice] Focus on the fidget spinner."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. A lone car goes down a street. Both driver and passenger are looking at their phones."
Put It Down,Driver 1,"Aww, Jeez, looks like North Korea launched another missile."
Put It Down,Wife,"Oh, really? Like another test? Where are you looking?"
Put It Down,Driver 1,I'm on Drudge. You see what the President tweeted about it?
Put It Down,Wife,"No, what'd he say?"
Put It Down,Driver 1,"President tweeted, ""North Korea is the butt hole of Asia and-"""
Put It Down,Wife,[sees Gary crossing the street] Innocent child!!
Put It Down,Driver 1,Baaaah! [Gary looks right as the car speeds towards him holds up his arms. The car slams into him.]
Put It Down,Gary,"Uh! [he is launched into the air as blood falls to the ground. The windshield shatters while the airbags deploy, shielding the couple from injury. Gary soars through the air and lands down the street in the road, dead, losing his left shoe and sock in the process. The driver steps out of the car, then his wife steps out, and they look in shock at the dead boy]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. All the kids are carrying candles of remembrance and soon clear the hallway. Cartman walks down the hallway. A girl is crying, and Meagan Ridley comforts her."
Put It Down,Meagan,"I know. I know, it's so sad."
Put It Down,Cartman,"[passes by them and continues down the hallway. A few seconds later...] Well, how nice. That's a little more like it. [Sees Stan, Kyle, and Kenny as they walk towards him and approaches them.] Well guys, what happened? Change of heart?"
Put It Down,Stan,"Yeah, you didn't hear? Gary Borkovec got ran over by a distracted driver."
Put It Down,Cartman,What? Gary Borkovec? Is he dead?
Put It Down,Kyle,"Yeah dude, he's dead."
Put It Down,Cartman,"Oh, that son of a bitch! [turns around and walks off] I'm gonna talk to the principal! [turns back around to address Kenny] Put down that candle, Kenny! [turns around and walks off again] Like you ever gave a shit about Gary Borkovec!"
Put It Down,Scene Description,Principal's office. PC Principal is curling his left arm when Cartman knocks on the door.
Put It Down,PC Principal,Entree vous.
Put It Down,Cartman,"[walks in] PC Principal, I'm trying to raise suicide awareness, but everyone's preoccupied with this ""don't be on your phone when driving"" crap!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,Gary Borkovec was a good student. He didn't deserve to be taken away by someone not paying attention to the road.
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yes, but Gary Borkovec is already dead! There's nothing we can do for him! Students need to focus on people thinking about dying!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,"I don't know what more you want from me, bro."
Put It Down,Cartman,"I can't just get people to care with a stupid rap song! I need a full orchestra! Woodwinds, strings! I need black people in white robes, white people in black robes, and a thousand doves to release into the air!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,I can give you two student volunteers and one pigeon.
Put It Down,Cartman,"[pauses, then] Do you have any idea how serious this is?! As someone who deals with suicidal thoughts, I cannot believe the lack of concern at this school! Maybe I should just take the awareness of my suicide out to the public on the streets!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,Maybe you should.
Put It Down,Cartman,Maybe I will!
Put It Down,PC Principal,Maybe you should.
Put It Down,Cartman,Maybe I will!!
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Craig's bedroom, night. He's fast asleep when Tweek enters and turns on the ceiling light. Tweek walks up to the bed and stands there for a second."
Put It Down,Tweek,WAAAAH!
Put It Down,Craig,[started] Ugh. Wuh. [rubs his eyes and sees who woke him] Hey Tweek.
Put It Down,Tweek,[holds out his phone] Look at what the President tweeted now!
Put It Down,Craig,"What time is it, dude?"
Put It Down,Tweek,Just read it! [hands the phone to Craig]
Put It Down,Craig,"""North Korea doesn't have the balls to attack Tweek. They have little tiny rice balls."""
Put It Down,Tweek,"They're gonna get me, Craig! Look at what's on CNN! [turns on Craig's TV and changes the channel from a kids' cartoon to CNN]"
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"And the President's tweets have certainly caught the attention of North Korea, who have been spending the past several days viewing possible targets for a nuclear strike, if war were to break out. [Kim Jong-un looks over pictures of Tweek and his house]"
Put It Down,Tweek,Waaaah! What am I gonna do?!
Put It Down,Craig,You've gotta calm down.
Put It Down,Tweek,How am I supposed to calm down?! North Korea is gonna get me! They're gonna get me!
Put It Down,Craig,"[at the same time] Tweek. Tweek. Tweek! [calms down, but is still shaking]' Let's think this through logically. North Korea isn't going to attack anyone, okay? They're not going to start a war they can't win. Okay?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"But Craig, I-"
Put It Down,Craig,Tweek! You have to stop thinking about it. Tell you what. We're gonna go somewhere fun and make you feel better.
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The supermarket, day. Cartman and Heidi are passing out fliers to shoppers as they exit the store."
Put It Down,Cartman,[rings a small bell] Give a minute of your time for suicide awareness? Suicide is serious. Help tell people like Kyle it's not a joke.
Put It Down,Shopper,"Hey, good for you guys, trying to help. [takes a flier from Eric]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yeah, make sure everyone you know gets involved or else I'm gonna do it."
Put It Down,Heidi,"We're getting a lot of attention, Eric. Our Web site's already full of kids saying they feel the same way as you, and want to get help."
Put It Down,Cartman,They want to get help? For what?
Put It Down,Heidi,For... wanting to take their own lives.
Put It Down,Cartman,"No, this is about me killing myself."
Put It Down,Heidi,"But babe, there's a lot of kids who feel the same way you do."
Put It Down,Cartman,"They're full of shit, Heidi. They're just trying to get attention. What, are you actually talking online to these ass wipes?!"
Put It Down,Heidi,I thought this was about raising awareness and helping people.
Put It Down,Cartman,So you're just gonna e-mail with every guy who has a dick and a death wish?! Are we just your type?!
Put It Down,Heidi,"Eric, come on."
Put It Down,Cartman,"No, look, Heidi. I'm sorry, but you're the one who started all this by telling everybody that I was suicidal! Okay?! Now I'm under a lot of pressure to do it! So the only option I have is to make sure that suicide prevention becomes this entire town's number one priority! [A shopper walks out of the store behind him with a toddler in the shopping cart]"
Put It Down,Driver 2,"[a woman] Oh God, did you see what the President said about Asians now?"
Put It Down,Husband,"Look out! [the car runs over the shopping cart, killing the toddler in the process]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"Oh, are you freaking serious?!"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"An amusement park, day. Tweek and Craig walk through the park holding hands."
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, babe, what do you want to ride first?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"Ugh! What are we doing here, Craig?!"
Put It Down,Craig,"We're gonna get your mind off politics and have some fun. Now, what's your favorite ride?"
Put It Down,Tweek,[grunts a few times] The Ferris wheel!!
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The Ferris wheel, later. Tweek grunts some more, while Craig is smiling."
Put It Down,Craig,"Isn't this lovely, Tweek? Just look at that view!"
Put It Down,Tweek,[decides to look at his phone] Oh God! Another tweet from the President!
Put It Down,Craig,"Oh, come on."
Put It Down,Tweek,"""Why would the U.S. be scared of North Korea? Tweek is so not scared he's at an amusement park in Denver right now."" [gasps] JESUS CHRIST, WE'VE GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE!!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Tweek! Tweek, use your brain! North Korea isn't going to attack an amusement park. You're safer here than anywhere."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"At an autopia ride, kids and their parents drive along slowly."
Put It Down,Father,"Oh, Jeez, the President just called Kim Jong-un a fat midget. [the car he's in jumps off the track] Oh, and now North Korea is saying that they're gonna-"
Put It Down,Son,"Dad, look out! [the car plows through the bushes lining the autopia roadway]"
Put It Down,Father,"Oh, shit! [a girl turns around and sees the car coming, but can't evade it. The car mows her down and kills her, then speeds towards a woman and a baby carriage. It demolishes the baby carriage with the baby in it. The bumper car ride is shown]"
Put It Down,Attendant,"All right everyone, please wait for your bumper cars to come to a complete stop. We hope you enjoyed Crazy Cars- [one car has a mother and daughter in it, and the mother is browsing on her phone]"
Put It Down,Daughter,"Mommy, look out! [the mother screams as they run over a boy who's on his way out. Four other kids are still in the ride, and the car runs over them too. Panic ensues and spreads throughout the park]"
Put It Down,Tweek,"[noticing] Oh my God, what is that? What is that?!"
Put It Down,Craig,It's probably nothing. Everything's fine.
Put It Down,Tweek,Will you please stop saying that?! I can't take it!
Put It Down,Craig,I'm trying to make you feel better.
Put It Down,Tweek,"Well, maybe I don't wanna feel better right now!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, but think about that. That actually doesn't make any sense."
Put It Down,Tweek,"Why do you have to be so logical?! I don't need you to problem-solve all the time, I need you to... Augh, I don't know!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Tweek, honey, all week you've been freaking out, and I've been the one forced to deal with it!"
Put It Down,Tweek,"You haven't been dealing with it, you've been trying to make it go away because my emotions are freaking you out! [behind him, a girl screams as the runaway bumper car mows her down. The mother in the car is still screaming]"
Put It Down,Craig,"Tweek, North Korea isn't bombing anyone. [Tweek turns away and tugs at his hair] They would lose the support of China, and that would mean-"
Put It Down,Tweek,There you go again! Stop preaching facts to me! It's not what I need!
Put It Down,Craig,"Well, I'm sorry that I'm actually in control of my goddamn emotions, you baby! [stops himself for a few seconds] Oh, see? Now you made me lose control of my emotions. [turns left and walks away] God dammit! [Tweek watches him leave, then grunts louder and louder until it's a full scream]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, cafeteria, lunchtime. The eight boys are back at their usual table."
Put It Down,Butters,"Hey Craig, how come Tweek's not at school?"
Put It Down,Craig,[a bit depressed] How should I know?
Put It Down,Jimmy,"Uh oh, trouble in paradise?"
Put It Down,Craig,"Look guys, Tweek doesn't want help, okay? He just wants to overreact."
Put It Down,Henry Kline,"[taps a mic a few times, and all the students in the cafeteria look at him] Hey guys, can we have your attention? Tomorrow night we'll be having a memorial service for all the students we've lost to distracted driving. We hope you can all bring your families."
Put It Down,Cartman,"[with his own mic] Cool, yeah. Hey guys, and there's also gonna be a suicide awareness pot luck at 7:30 tomorrow night in the school gymnasium. We're gonna have lots of games and face-painting, and uh, what are you guys gonna have?"
Put It Down,Henry,...Uhw-we're gonna have some guest speakers and also provide grievance counselors for those who need it.
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yeah, grievance counseling, that sounds super fun. Listen guys, there's a very real chance I might actually do it right in front of everyone tomorrow, so you don't want to miss it. Suicide prevention pot luck, everybody."
Put It Down,Heidi,"[approaches Cartman and takes the mic from Henry] Eric, you need to stop. What they're doing is important."
Put It Down,Cartman,They're doing a memorial service with speeches and crying. What's that gonna solve?
Put It Down,Heidi,"It's not about problem-solving, Eric. It's about people getting together and feeling what they need to feel. [Craig's jaw drops, as he realizes this is what Tweek was trying to tell him] People need help sorting out their emotions sometimes. And the best thing isn't always quick answers, but just being there, supporting each other and... talking through those feelings."
Put It Down,Cartman,"You are so up and down. I don't know what you want from me, Heidi!"
Put It Down,Heidi,"[Craig runs off, inspired by Heidi's words] Come on, there has to be a way we can all work together here."
Put It Down,Cartman,"So now you're on their side! Oh my God, I'm seriously gonna do it right now! [runs off]"
Put It Down,Heidi,Eric! [runs after him]
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Tweek's bedroom, late afternoon. He's in bed spinning four spinners, two in each hand."
Put It Down,Craig,"[runs into the bedroom] Tweek, what's going on??"
Put It Down,Tweek,"What? What do you mean, what's going on?! The same shit that's been going on!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Nothing's gotten any better? Oh my God, how does that make you feel?"
Put It Down,Tweek,I feel scared! I feel alone!
Put It Down,Craig,Well that must be horrible to feel that way. It must be hard for you to even think!
Put It Down,Tweek,It is! [gets off the bed and walks up to Craig] It's terrible!
Put It Down,Craig,I bet it's terrible! What else are you feeling?
Put It Down,Tweek,"Like, like I have no control over my life. Like I'm just a pawn in a big game."
Put It Down,Craig,"Oh, that's a terrifying thought. You must feel trapped."
Put It Down,Tweek,"Yeah, like trapped, but like, completely unable to even move."
Put It Down,Craig,"Jesus, it's like there's no solution to any of this! What are you gonna do?? What can you do?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"I don't know, it's... it's like... maybe, maybe I have to find a way to feel a little in charge of me again."
Put It Down,Craig,That sounds so insurmountable though. How would you even start?
Put It Down,Tweek,"I don't know, but I I've gotta do something about this. There's gotta be a way I can... [stops shaking and comes to a realization. He turns to see Craig and smiles. Craig smiles back] Thank you, Craig. [turns around and thinks] I've got it. People aren't focused on the right thing. I know what I should do."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school auditorium, evening. The kid's parents are now present."
Put It Down,PC Principal,"All right everyone, listen up. Tonight, one of our students has put together a song about a very important issue. It's a song about how there are certain times to not be on your phone. I hope you all listen carefully. [applause as Tweek sits at the piano and begins to play wonderfully. Craig appears on stage and begins to sing]"
Put It Down,Craig,People are dying. The fault is our own. You can do lots of damage when you're on your phone. We all have to agree to change it somehow. Let's all make a pledge to end it right now.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down. Don't be on your phone while being President. Put it down. You might do something dumb and cause an accident.
Put It Down,Townsfolk,"[scattered around town] Let's all agree, here today, that if we're leader of the U.S.A."
Put It Down,The parents,We'll put it down
Put It Down,The Governor,"If at any point today you're being a President, put down your mobile device."
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down.
Put It Down,Townsman,"If I'm on the phone, I will not get behind the... desk of an oval office."
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down.
Put It Down,McDonald's worker,I'll take the pledge!
Put It Down,Doctor,I'll take the pledge.
Put It Down,Hillary Clinton,And I'll take the pledge.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,No one cares.
Put It Down,Diner,"What's that? I was just elected President? Well then, goodbye!"
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down if you're President today.
Put It Down,The parents,If you find yourself being President today.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,"Ah ah ah, ah a-aaah."
Put It Down,Nancy,"Hey, Brian, look! I was just elected President."
Put It Down,Brian,"That's great, Nancy. Now put down your phone."
Put It Down,Nancy,Right.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,"Ah ah ah, ah a-aaah, aaah. Put it down."
Put It Down,Cartman,"[interrupts with his own rap. He's in a graffiti-ridden alley] Give a standing ovation for suicide in our nation Or I will rip my own guts out without one hesitation [simulates that act. Next, he's in his living room] Dedication, that's what it's taken to awaken people to care [next, he stands next to Heidi outside a house] And yet my future's so hazy, my girlfriend's makin' me crazy But still I'm workin' so hard. You know, just tryin' to hold on, [next, he's in a casket] 'Cause I know that you don't miss me so much if I was gone. [next, he's on stage with the other kids] And all the voices start solo, but every day I hear them grow. Sayiin' ""Eric, don't do it! Don't do it! Noooo (noooo, noooo)"""
Put It Down,Scene Description,"A memorial segment pops up showing Gary Borkovec, then Kelly Morris, both killed by Presidents on their phones (distracted drivers). A montage of kids then appears, each of who were killed by Presidents on their phones. Included among them are Gary, Kelly,... and Kenny."
Put It Down,Choir and parents,"[A sign language interpreter appears in a small window at upper right of the screen to sign for the deaf. Craig and Tweek are holding hands] Put it down. Don't be on your phone while being president. Put it down. You might do something dumb and cause an accident. We all agree, here today, that if we're leader of the U.S.A. We'll put it down [the parents and the interpreter fade out. Craig and Tweek look at each other, smiling]"
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,"Put it down. [the choir fades out, leaving only Craig and Tweek]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"[emerges from the choir and runs up to Craig and Tweek] I'm not gonna do it, you guys! It worked! I'm not gonna do it!"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school is in an uproar. The students are tearing up their notebooks and littering the hallways with their papers. Clyde starts setting papers on fire."
Holiday Special,Cartman,[runs through the hallway] This is an outrage! This is a violation of our human rights! [stops in front of Stan and Kyle]
Holiday Special,Stan,What the hell is going on?
Holiday Special,Cartman,You didn't hear the announcement? They just cancelled Columbus Day! We have to come to school on Monday!
Holiday Special,Kyle,They what??
Holiday Special,Butters,"[runs up between Stan, Kyle, and Cartman] They can't do this! We made plans! [runs off]"
Holiday Special,Cartman,Some asshole went and convinced the school board that Columbus Day is racist and should be eliminated!
Holiday Special,Butters,[returns] You can't take away a day off! We're just innocent children!
Holiday Special,Stan,"Dude, what asshole would take away a holiday?"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The school gym, later. An official sits behind a desks."
Holiday Special,Peter Galtman,"My name is Peter Galtman. I am the head of the school calendar committee. [the people he's addressing are the parents and faculty of South Park Elementary] I've decided that school will not celebrate Columbus Day this year. I realize this is a hot-button issue for many families, but one parent in particular has really swayed my opinion with his passion. Mr. Randy Marsh. Mr. Marsh pointed out to me the hypocrisy of glorifying a genocidal murderer, and Mr. Marsh is right now also working on having the Columbus statue taken down in Canyon City."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"Canyon City, day. In the town square, a magnificent statue of Columbus stands with a globe in its left hand and a telescope in its right hand."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[runs up to the statue] Come on, everybody! Let's take this fuckin' thing down! [kicks it and punches it] Yeah, yehah! [punches it some more, with no effect] Take it down! Columbus was a mass murderer! [people gather to watch as Randy climbs up to the statue's head] Tear it down! Tear it down! Yeah! [grunts as he tries to take it apart] Hey, it's not working. [tugs at the head and grunts] We almost got it, guys! Come on, throw the rope, Stan! [a rope flies up towards him, with noose ready to go. He catches it and wraps it around the head] Good, that's good! Hit the gas, Nelson! [Peter Nelson pulls away with the rope tied to his car] We got it, everybody! To hell with you, Columbus! You guh-whoa! Whoa! [the statue topples to the right and falls apart. Randy falls with it, but isn't hurt]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, evening. Stan sits on the couch watching TV when he gets a call from Kyle."
Holiday Special,Stan,Hey dude.
Holiday Special,Kyle,Dude! Did you know it's your dad did who's getting the school to cancel Columbus Day?
Holiday Special,Stan,"Yeah. Dude, I don't know what's going on. He's really serious about this."
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Well, you've gotta do something. If you get him to back down, maybe the school will reconsider."
Holiday Special,Stan,I can't get him to back down.
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Stan, I have to deal with my mom doing shit like this all the time, but she's never tried to take away a holiday. I'm your best friend, but I can't have your back when the guys find out about this."
Holiday Special,Stan,"I'll try, okay. [glances up for a moment] Ok-I, I gotta go. [Randy walks up with his laptop and phone and sits next to Stan]"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, Stan, you got your phone? I need to call everyone on this list. They all live in the same city."
Holiday Special,Stan,"Dad, listen: you need to ease off a little here."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Stan, it's not right that people celebrate a man who wiped out millions of people for his own glory! [puts his phone up to his right ear] Let's go! [places his first call] Hello? Is this uh [checks his laptop screen] Howard Peterson? You live in Columbus, Ohio, is that correct? Yeah? You racist piece of shit. You heard me. You're an intolerant pig. Oh, you're not? You just choose to live in a city named for ethnic cleansing. No, fuck you! Rename your city, asshole! Hello? [evidently, the recipient hung up] Okay, next one, come on. Get calling, Stan!"
Holiday Special,Stan,"Dad, come on. We all get your point, but don't you think you're overdoing it?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"You have to overdo it in today's society Stan. You can't be nuanced and subtle anymore or else critics go ""Wow, what was the point of that?"" [places the next calls] Hi, Francis Melman? Hey, how are you, you fuckin' racist?"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"An even more impressive statue of Columbus, lit up at night."
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,"[the camera zooms out to include him] Christopher Columbus. Explorer, pioneer. Is he someone who should be appreciated, or was he just a douche? For years, Columbus Circle has been a landmark and photogenic intersection in New York City. So it came as a surprise when someone defecated on the statue earlier today. I'm joined now by the man who did the actual defecating, Mr. Randy Marsh of South Park, Colorado. [walks up to Randy, who's wearing an ""I poop on New York"" T-shirt, ""poop on"" replaced by a small picture of him pooping on ""New York""]"
Holiday Special,Randy,Good evening.
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,"Mr. Marsh, you took a dump on a beloved statue that's been an icon here in the city for years. What was your reasoning?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Well, I just have a problem with the racist people of this city. Yeehaw, [gets into a hick, redneck accent] I'm from New York! I drive around a big circle n' celebrates a guy who murdered Native Americans! Shoowee!"
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,So you're doing this because of indigenous peoples and their feelings.
Holiday Special,Randy,"I don't care if people get indigenous, I'll crap all over their statues! I'm the one who's indigenous that this landmark even exists!"
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,"Aah, aaah, bah, back to you, Tom."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, lunch time. As kids sit down for lunch, a girl walks by with a tear streaming down her face. She sniffles. At the boys' table are seated Token, Jimmy, Kyle, Clyde, Cartman, Kenny, and Butters."
Holiday Special,Butters,It ain't right. They make you work like a dog and then they just tear away your one day off in October like you're a piece of trash!
Holiday Special,Stan,[shows up at table with his lunch] Hey guys. [takes a seat between Token and Jimmy]
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Boo! Boo! Nobody likes you, Stan!"
Holiday Special,Stan,"Look, I tried talking to him, alright? He's just really against all the things Columbus did."
Holiday Special,Jimmy,Does anyone know what Columbus actually did?
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah. In fourteen hundred ninety-two, Columbus got us a day off skewl. That's what matters."
Holiday Special,Kyle,"No! No, wait guys. Maybe that's it. When I'm dealing with my mom, sometimes it works to be on her side for a minute. Maybe we should find out all the things people find offensive about Columbus and-"
Holiday Special,Cartman,"And totally act like we care. I like it, Kyle."
Holiday Special,Kyle,"I'll just look up Columbus, offensive, inflammatory-"
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah, this is sweet. It's like that movie where the dude pretended to be on the monsters' side? You know, with the guy and the chick that had the wife beater on, but her boobs were sweaty so you could see them? [Kyle checks the search results]"
Holiday Special,Butters,I love that movie.
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah, this is a lot like that. What'd you find, Kyle?"
Holiday Special,Kyle,Nnnothing.
Holiday Special,Butters,Dang it! There's nothing?
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Stan, can I talk to you for a minute? [leaves the table, and Stan follows]"
Holiday Special,Cartman,[now out of the loop] What? What? What the hell was that?
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, Randy's study. Randy is typing up something on his computer. Stan and Kyle walk in."
Holiday Special,Stan,Hey Dad?
Holiday Special,Randy,"Not now, Stan. I'm working on a proposal to change British Columbia to just British."
Holiday Special,Stan,"But Dad, Kyle found a picture on Instagram. [shows Randy the pictures] It pretty much looks like you dressed as Columbus at a Halloween party. [Randy notices the picture, now shown close up]"
Holiday Special,Randy,Where did you get that?
Holiday Special,Stan,"If you hate Columbus so much, why did you dress like him?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Look, that was a long time ago, okay? It's just a dumb Halloween costume."
Holiday Special,Stan,"Yeah but, [goes through the pictures he pulled off Instagram] here's you dressed as Columbus at a formal dinner, and here's you dressed as Columbus at a football game, and you as Columbus on St. Patrick's Day..."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Look, I was younger! We were all... younger. It was another time. You have to understand, it was 2013. Everyone was stoked on Columbus back then."
Holiday Special,Stan,"Yeah, but Dad, you seem to be really stoked on Columbus."
Holiday Special,Randy,"If you guys found those pictures online, it's only a matter of time before everyone else does. People won't care about what I do now. They'll just see me as a thoughtless, indigenous son of a bitch."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room, some time later. Sharon walks up to him."
Holiday Special,Sharon,"Randy, do you mind cleaning out the garage like I asked?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"[moping] What's the point, Sharon? Soon they're gonna be coming after me."
Holiday Special,Sharon,Ach. [turns around and walks away]
Holiday Special,Announcer,"[a series of faces appear on tv, and Randy is interested] Hey, you! That's right, you! Wouldn't you like to know the story of you? What makes you you? DNAandMe is a genetic service that can help you find out exactly who your ancestors were. You might be surprised."
Holiday Special,Cyclist,"[at Santa Monica Beach, stops] I thought I was just a standard white guy, but DNAandMe showed that I'm actually 4.2% Cherokee Indian."
Holiday Special,Woman 1,[doing curls] Turns out I'm not totally white. I'm also part Northern Asian and even some Kurdish. I'm a victim of oppression. [smiles]
Holiday Special,Steve,[seated at his desk] I used to get in trouble for always using the N word. But with DNAandMe I found out that I'm 2.1% black.
Holiday Special,Office Worker,"[walks by] 'Morning, Steve?"
Holiday Special,Steve,"Sup, n*gga? [smiles]"
Holiday Special,Announcer,"The test is easy. [a woman is shown swabbing her mouth for a DNA sample and putting it into a cuvette, then sealing that cuvette] Simply swab the inside of your mouth and send it into our lab."
Holiday Special,Driver,"[behind the wheel] People made fun of me for being French. DNAandMe showed I was 8% Navajo. Nobody's makin' fun of me now, or my people, who are victims."
Holiday Special,Female Jogger,I'm 13% victim.
Holiday Special,Painter,I'm 21% victim.
Holiday Special,Announcer,Order now and find out if your friends should be more sympathetic towards you. DNAandMe. Are you in?
Holiday Special,Randy,Hell fucking yes I'm in.
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. There's a mellow party going on, with soft jazz musics. With everyone enjoying the ambiance, Randy comes down from the second floor, looks around, then goes back upstairs."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,Randy's study. He goes inside the darkened room and closes the door.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Alright, everyone's here. Let's do this. [in the room with him is a Native American (Bill), whom he walks up to. He opens a desk drawer and pulls out some money] Here you go, just like I said. A hundred dollars cash. No questions asked. Are we good? [Bill just looks him over] Good. No talking. Perfect. Okay, let's get this over with. [pulls Bill's face towards his own and gives him a long, passionate French kiss. Bill gets more and more surprised the longer the kiss continues. Randy suddenly stops the kiss] Thank you. Do not talk of this to anyone. [Bill just turns to watch him leave]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The living room, moments later. Randy greets his guests."
Holiday Special,Randy,"All right, everybody. Hey, thanks for comin'. If uh-I can have your attention, please? I think we're ready to get started."
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"[holding a DNAandMe kit] Ahah, Mr. Marsh, you know, none of this was really necessary. For DNAandMe testing you can just swab the inside of your mouth yourself and send it in the mail."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Yeah, I know, but I just, I was really excited, wanted everyone to witness my test."
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Well, to each their own I suppose. [opens the kit and pulls out a swab] All right, open wide. [Randy opens up and hums as the DNAandMe doctor moves the swab around the inside of his cheek. A shot of the Tuckers and Nelson eating hors d'oeuvres. The doctor takes the swab and puts it back in the kit] Okay, I'll get this back to the lab and get the results to you as quickly as possible."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, great. I'm very interested to see [begins speaking more slowly] what those results have to say."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"A house, day. A woman sits in a rocking chair knitting a scarf. A cordless phone rings."
Holiday Special,Peter Galtman,[answers the phone] Galtman residence.
Holiday Special,Masked voice,Listen to me carefully. The man who convinced you to cancel Columbus Day is a fraud.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,Who is this?
Holiday Special,Masked voice,You will go online and search Instagram for images of Randy Marsh.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,I most certainly will not!
Holiday Special,Masked voice,"Randy Marsh is a hypocrite and a fake. You will be taken down with him when he is exposed! [a shot of the boys' restroom at school. Kenny is the one who's masking his voice as Stan, Kyle, and Cartman look on]"
Holiday Special,Kyle,What's he saying?
Holiday Special,Kenny,(Shhh! Don't interrupt!) [masked voice again] We know where you live and we know how to make you suffer!
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,"Now you listen here, Mr. Man! The Galtmans don't believe in social media or the Internet! It's all fake news!"
Holiday Special,Mrs. Galtman,Fake news.
Holiday Special,Kenny,"[masked voice] Then speak with Marsh yourself! The truth is out there! [hangs up] (Well, I don't know if that worked.)"
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,Hm. [suspicion aroused] Sounds like maybe the Galtmans need to check out Randy Marsh.
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house,. Shelly's bedroom. She's drawing a pony on her bed when Randy bursts into the room."
Holiday Special,Randy,Shelly! We've got an emergency! We're getting rid of all the Columbus stuff in this house! Any Columbus costumes? Columbus pictures? They all gotta go!
Holiday Special,Shelly,I don't give a shit about Columbus.
Holiday Special,Scene Description,The kitchen. Sharon is washing dishes when Randy enters.
Holiday Special,Randy,Sharon! Peter Galtman called! He sounds suspicious! We've gotta get rid of all our Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups! Where are they?!
Holiday Special,Sharon,YOUR Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups are in that cupboard.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Shot, shot glasses, coffee cups, towels, plates. What about the Columbus figurine salt and pepper shakers?"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"I don't know where YOU put them, Randy."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[walks from the cupboard to the sink] Sharon, do you know what they'll do to us when they find out how we were so stoked on Columbus??"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"YOU were stoked on Columbus, Randy. Not me."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Oho, really?! Did you forget our wedding?! That's you, right there! [shows her the wedding picture. She's in a traditional wedding dress while Randy is dressed as Columbus] Standing there with a big smile on your face! You didn't say anything about it being insensitive then, did you?!"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"I actually was a little upset that you dressed up as Columbus for our wedding, but I decided-"
Holiday Special,Randy,"[moves from her right side to her left] Oh, NOW! You say that NOW 'cause everyone's freakin' out, but you were right there going along with it! [turns around and walks away, but turns around again] They're gonna be coming after you too, Sharon! So you can just wipe that indigenous look off your face! [the doorbell rings and Sharon's eyebrows rise up. Randy perks up] Oh! That could be my DNA results! Here, take this stuff out back! [drops it all next to Sharon and runs to the front door, only to find Bill at the door with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. Randy looks him over, and Bill gives him the bouquet] Oh... nooo, nonononono."
Holiday Special,Bill,I've never felt so alive until now.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Thank you. Lo-lovely flowers. Thank, thank you. [shuts the door on the bouquet, which is crushed and falls apart]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Galtman house, day. Mrs. Galtman has made a lot of progress with the scarf. The phone rings."
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,[answers the phone] Galtman residence.
Holiday Special,Kenny,[masked voice] Listen carefully if you want to live. You will make this Monday a school holiday.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,I spoke with Mr. Marsh and he denied any wrongdoing.
Holiday Special,Kenny,[talking from the boys' bathroom at school] Of course he did! That's what liars do!
Holiday Special,Stan,I don't think you're being intimidating enough.
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah, get meaner, Kenny."
Holiday Special,Kenny,"Meaner like now, dude?"
Holiday Special,Stan,"I don't know, like, like uh, maybe say-"
Holiday Special,Cartman,Just talk about cutting off his dick or something.
Holiday Special,Kenny,[to Galtman] We're gonna cut off your dick!
Holiday Special,Kyle,"No dude, that's too far."
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Okay, okay, just say we're gonna cut off part of his dick."
Holiday Special,Stan,Just give me the phone! Hello!
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,What?
Holiday Special,Stan,Randy Marsh is about to pay for what he's done! [shown on the phone] Protect him and you will pay too! Time is running out! [hangs up] Jesus!
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, master bedroom. Sharon is in bed reading a book when Randy enters."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Sharon, have you seen my Columbus staff and orb?"
Holiday Special,Sharon,I have not. [Randy goes to the closet and start rifling through it]
Holiday Special,Randy,"Sharon, Galtman called again. Somebody's out there trying to get me in trouble!"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"Randy, why don't you just admit to people that maybe you were somewhat overly excited about Columbus in the past?"
Holiday Special,Randy,Everyone was excited about Columbus! For some reason people are just pointing fingers at me! Just because he's suddenly not cool now doesn't mean I'm gonna be the effin' scapegoat! [leaves the room and closes the door]
Holiday Special,Scene Description,The front door. Randy is about to leave.
Holiday Special,Randy,I've gotta burn this stuff! [opens the door and sees Bill waiting for him with a drum and stick] Oh Goddamnit!
Holiday Special,Bill,I wrote you a song to express my feelings for you.
Holiday Special,Randy,Will you get out of here?!
Holiday Special,Bill,"[bangs on the drum and chants, then] And then he kissed me."
Holiday Special,Randy,[hushed] I didn't kiss you 'cause I liked you!
Holiday Special,Bill,"[ignores him, bangs on the drum and chants, then] And then he kissed me."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, okay"
Holiday Special,Bill,"[bangs on the drum and chants, then] And the sun began to shine."
Holiday Special,Randy,That's it! Get off my property! [turns him around and shoves him towards the sidewalk]
Holiday Special,Bill,"Randy, I cannot quit you."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Get off my land, you piece of shit! [kicks him to the curb]"
Holiday Special,Bill,Uuugh! [they both look around. Randy sees a jogger across the street with his phone]
Holiday Special,Randy,"Don't post that. [a few seconds pass] Do not. Post that. [the jogger takes off. Randy drops the staff and orb, and gives chase] Shit!"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The school playground, recess. The boys now sit around a merry-go-round. Clyde stands next to them. All of them have sad faces. Cartman walks up to them."
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Guys, what are you going?"
Holiday Special,Butters,"It's over, Eric. We have to come to school on Monday. Just face it."
Holiday Special,Cartman,I'm not facing anything. We still have time. There has to be a way-
