Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Hey, where's Cartman?"
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"I don't know. Do you know where he is, Marvin?"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Marvin shrugs.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Looks like we have the turkey problem under control. It's time to embrace the spirit of giving with the canned food grab.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Come on, hurry up."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Kenny enters the ""Grab-O-Lux"""
Starvin' Marvin,Carol McCormick,Grab a lot son.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Have a happy Thanksgiving! Let 'er rip!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Air is pumped in to raise the cans, but Kenny goes up as well and floats around. Status indicator flash on and off."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Cuhome on, grab those cans little boy!"
Starvin' Marvin,"Stan, Kyle","Come on, Kenny!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Stuart waving his beer bottle.
Starvin' Marvin,Stuart McCormick,"Come on, son!"
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Now, let's see all the goodies you're going to take home to your family."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"She switches off the Grab-o-lux with the remote control, and Kenny and the cans drop to the floor. He gets up and exits."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,It...looks like he got a... a-a can of- string beans. Hehe.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The crowd cheers, but the sound of turkeys fills the air."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,What the-?!
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Dude, the mutant turkeys are back!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The turkeys charge over a hill.
Starvin' Marvin,Officer Barbrady,"Okay people, move along, nothing to see here you looky-loos."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"I tried to tell you, but you didn't listen."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Chef comes up and addresses the crown.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Gather around everybody, and listen good. Go to your homes and arm your..."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Chef looks down at Mephesto's companion, Kevin. The turkeys continue their attack."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,What the hell are you supposed to be anyway?
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,That's not important right now.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,No! What the hell is this little thing supposed to be? It doesn't look like anything.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Chef, the turkeys!"
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Oh, All right. Listen up everybody, and listen good. Go to your homes and arm yourselves with whatever you can. We'll meet back here in fifteen minutes. Hurry!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The turkeys continue their attack.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,We are not going to let our Thanksgiving be ruined by a bunch of turkeys.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Ethiopian Desert. Cartman walks slowly.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Damn, you guys, seriously, I'm hungry. I have to eat."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He sees a Red Cross van is in the distance. Ethiopians gather round it.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Ah, sweet! The Red Cross!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He approaches the van.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,I'll have fried chicken and a side of mashed potatoes please.
Starvin' Marvin,Red Cross dude,"Sorry kid, but we're out of food. We ran out of funding."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The female partner is putting some things away.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,What?!
Starvin' Marvin,Red Cross dude,"We just couldn't get enough sponsors back home, so now we've got to pack it up."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,But I'm not a starving Etheropian! I have to get back home too!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Now behind the van ready to leave.
Starvin' Marvin,Red Cross dude,"Sorry dude, we just don't have any funds. Here, have a Teiko sports watch."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He tosses Cartman a watch and hops into the van. The van drives off.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,WEEEEEEAK!!!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"In the woods near South Park. The screen is reduced to a wide screen format, so you know a movie reference is coming. The town is assembled for battle as the Mayor speaks."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"People, we all have to do our part against the evil turkeys."
Starvin' Marvin,Townsperson 1,There's too many of them.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Come on! Where is that Thanksgiving spirit?!
Starvin' Marvin,Townsperson 2,We can't stop them.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Chef rides up on a brown steed. His face is painted blue and white. He is wearing Scottish garb, wielding a sword and shield à la Braveheart."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Today, you fight for your city! You fight for your honor! These turkeys will continue to push until they have taken everything from us! These fudged up turkeys from the the crustaceous era can take our lives, but they can never take...our FREEDOM!!!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Now pumped for battle.
Starvin' Marvin,Crowd,"Wooo, yeahhh, woo."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,On a nearby hill the pack of turkeys is gathered together. One turkey is also painted in blue and white.
Starvin' Marvin,Leader turkey,"Gobble, gobble. Gobble gobble. Gob, gobble. Gob, gob, gob, Gobble!!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The other turkeys gobble like mad, then sally forth. The town residents stand ready for battle as the turkeys descend into the valley."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Here you go turkeys!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kyle moons the turkey forces.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The town force descends, the mayor and an aide stay behind."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Does my hair look okay?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Ethiopian Desert. The vulture still circles...
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Can't go on... need... appetizer... eh...
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He looks up to the sky for relief.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"I'm sorry, God, I'm sorry I mocked poor people. I'm sorry I wasn't more sensitive. Please, Please God, uhh."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He falls forward to the ground. After a few seconds he lifts his head.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Heh, my god has forsaken me. Eh, err."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"He sees something. A lone building stands in the distance. Cartman approaches. A sign reads, ""No Admittance""."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Huh, I wonder what's in here?"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Cartman opens the door and faces towers of Cheesy Poofs, Snacky Cakes, Boogie Bars and Veal Roll-Ups. ""Alleluyah"" is playing. Cartman stands in awe, then is overjoyed."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,SNACKY CAKES!! MMMM!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"He rubs up against them lovingly. He sees a large-screen TV and a potted plant, and walks towards them. He then looks to his right and sees Sally Struthers feasting on some cake and two Ethiopians fanning her with palm fronds. She sees him and stops eating. Cartman is mad."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Sally Struthers?!
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,Who the hell are you?!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Gimme that cake!
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,"Nooho, this is my cake!"
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"No Sally Struthers, you gimme that cake!"
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,NOO! You can't have any!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"No Sally Struthers, that's my cake eh-ehhhh!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,After some more whining he opens the door and sees some Ethiopians passing by.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"You guys, Sally Struthers is holding food from us!!!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,They turn to look at him.
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,Uh oh.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,She just can't eat that cake fast enough.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"South Park Forest. The battle continues. The turkeys fight valiently, but many are falling. Ike beheads a turkey. Marvin looks on and scratches his head."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,Stay close children.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,His shield blocks one turkey as he slays another.
Starvin' Marvin,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Yeaaa!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The turkeys rush towards Kenny.
Starvin' Marvin,Kenny,(O-Oh.)
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,One turkey manages to extract Kenny's eyeball as the others kill him outright. They speed away with pieces of him.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Oh my god, they've killed Kenny!"
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,You bastards!
Starvin' Marvin,Jimbo,"The last three are getting away, shoot 'em Ned."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Ned picks off the remaining three birds.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,We did it!!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"As the town celebrates, some townsfolk are still beating on the birds, one of them with a large mallet."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"My God, what have we done?"
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,We've saved Thanksgiving!
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"But all those poor turkeys, theh- they're all dead."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Every turkey dies, not every turkey truly lives."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"As horrible as they were theh- they felt like a part of me. Perhaps I shouldn't be toying with God's creations, perhaps I should-"
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Yeah, yeah, yeah."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Two secret service agents approach Chef and Barbrady, ignoring the carnage."
Starvin' Marvin,Agent 2,"Excuse me sir, we're looking for a little starving Ethiopian boy who was accidentally delivered to South Park instead of a Teiko sports watch."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Showing a picture of Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Agent 1,Have you seen anyone fitting this description.
Starvin' Marvin,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, that could be a hundred kids in this town mister."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Marvin approaches the two agents.
Starvin' Marvin,Agent 1,There you are. Are you ready to go home now?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Marvin looks at Mr. Garrison, then at Chef, then at Officer Barbrady. He quickly shakes an affirmative. The agents lead him away, but he turns back to get some turkeys. Stan and Kyle look on as Kenny's corpse lies motionless behind them."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Wow, it sucks he has to leave."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Yeah, I like him a lot more than Cartman."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"You know, I think I've learned something today. It's really easy not to think of images on TV as real people."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kenny's head moves.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"But they are. That's why it's easy to ignore those commercials, but, people on TV are just as real as you or I."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Yeah.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"A rat moves in and out of Kenny's empty eye socket, then scurries away."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,And that means that McGyver is a real person too.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Ethiopian Desert. Three Red Cross workers are present.
Starvin' Marvin,Red Cross Chick,We're terribly sorry about the mix-up little boy. We'll get you back home immediately.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"That's right you will, God-Damnit."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A male agent checks his watch.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Move it POVs, I'm an American!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A plane lands. Marvin exits the plane.
Starvin' Marvin,Ethiopian,"A baba, gluck gluck bababab ga."
Starvin' Marvin,Marvin,Baba gook gook ba.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The cargo door lowers in back of the plane and a bunch of dead turkeys fall out. The Ethiopians grab the turkeys and raise Marvin on their shoulders in triumph. They march away, passing by a spit on which Sally Struthers has been tied, with an apple in her mouth."
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,(What are you doing? Let me off of here!)
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kenny's House.
Starvin' Marvin,Stuart,"Lord, on this day of thanks, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude for this incredible bounty of green beans you have bestowed upon us. And though for some reason you found it necessary to take our son from us, and though you for some reason find pleasure in watching us suffer, still, we give thanks. Amen."
Starvin' Marvin,Carol,Amen.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,She takes a brief look around.
Starvin' Marvin,Carol,Does anybody have a can opener?
Starvin' Marvin,Stuart,God Damn-it.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The kids are gathered on stage at one end of South Park Elementary's gym.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Class,We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Stan steps forth from the choir and heads towards center stage.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Lights, please."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The lights dim. He steps into the spotlight and quotes from the Gospel of Luke (2:8-11,14)."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the fields, keeping watch over their flocks by night. And lo, an angel of the Lord came upon them, and they were sore afraid, and the angel said unto them, 'Fear not, for behold, I bring you tidings of great joy, for born unto you this day in the city of ...David is the Savior, Jesus Christ, the Lord. Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace, goodwill towards men' And now, South Park Elementary presents the Birth of Jesus."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Stan steps aside while presenting the Nativity scene. The curtains open, and nine students stand in and around the grotto. Kenny is the angel floating above the manger, Wendy is Mary, about to give birth; Kyle is Joseph, ready to receive Jesus; Cartman is one of the three shepherds on the left side of the stage, and three Wise Men stand on the right side. Wendy is simulating birth pangs."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,Unh [labored breathing] Oh!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Come on, Mary! Push!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,Aaaah!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I can see its head!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,UUuuhh-UUuuhh.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A doll pops out beside Mary and flips through the air. Joseph catches it.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,It's a boy!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Unfortunately, he's now holding the doll wrong."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Oohhhh!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Kyle has Jesus' head instead!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Wait a minute, wait, wait, wait, Kyle, what the hell was that? You need to hold the baby by the legs, not by the head. What kind of sick weirdo are you?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,...Sorry.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"And Wendy, I'm still not believing the labor pains."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,Okay.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila approaches Mr. Garrison.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Mr. Garrison, what the hell do you think you're doing?!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Well, I'm trying to direct the school Christmas play, but your son was holding the baby Jesus fetus by the head."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mary and Joseph are now looking at them argue.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,How dare you include the Nativity in a school play? Don't you realize my son is Jewish?!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle drops his head.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,...So?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,So what makes you think he should play Joseph of Arimathea?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Because it's Christmas???
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,Our family doesn't celebrate Christmas.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,All the kids gasp.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Oh god, you're not gonna lay that Hanukkah crap on me, are you?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Whatwhatwhaaat?!? You're not going to get away with this, Mr. Garrison!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Oh dude! Kyle's mom is here to ruin Christmas!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle shoots back.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Shut up, fat boy!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"I'm not fat, I'm festively plump."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Why are you Jewish on Christmas, Kyle?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Oh-kay! Kyle, is there anything you can do for the Christmas play that isn't related to Jesus?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"How about the dreidel song, bubbe?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I can sing the Mr. Hankey song...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,The Mr. Hankey song-how does that go?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo he loves me and I love y-"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Christmas Poo?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,What the hell is Christmas Poo?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo. Haven't you guys ever heard of it?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Kyle, that is enough!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"See, that's what you get when you raise your child to be a pagan."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Now that does it! I'm going straight to the mayor about you, Mr Garrison."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Garrison interrupts and follows her
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Oh wait wait wait. I'm sorry. Was it the pagan remark?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Wendy gets up.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,"You guys, look! It's snowing!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Snow is seen through a window. The kids step out of costume and rush out of school to take advantage of this opportunity, cheering all the way."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,In the school playground.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Whoa, Christmas snow!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,Try to catch snowflakes on your tongue.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A soft instrumental starts up.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,It's fun.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The kids shuffle back and forth catching snowflakes. When Kenny looks up an eagle passes overhead and dumps a load - right on Kenny's face.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Cartman is watching with glee.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,P'tooui.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"That was sick, dude!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Cartman seeing Kyle lolling for a snowflake.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Hey!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle is taken aback
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,What the hell are you doing? Jewish people can't eat Christmas snow!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"We can, too!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"...Nnnaw I think it's against the law, dude."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Officer Barbrady!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Officer Barbrady,What?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A car screeches to a halt as Officer Barbrady raises his arm.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Is it illegal for Jewish people to eat Christmas snow?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,After a long pause.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Officer Barbrady,Yyess.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Damnit!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Hey come on guys. We have to go to the mall and tell Santa Claus what we want for Christmas.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Yeah. We'll see you later, Kyle. Guess there's no reason for you to come, since you don't get Christmas presents."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,No. But I get Hanukkah presents for eight days.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Too bad it's usually a dreidel or something lame like that.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"We'll catch up with you later, Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Stan walks off with Wendy and the others.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Wait! I may not have Santa, but I do have Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Wha-what is this about Christmas Poo, dude?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey. He comes out of the toilet every year and gives presents to everybody who has a lot of fiber in their diet.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Uh, Kyle? Come on, seriously? You are really reaching right now."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Well! You're gonna be sorry when you see me riding around on Santa's sleigh with Mr. Hankey, fatass!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"You're not gonna ride on Santa's sleigh 'cause you're a Jew, Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Cartman and walks away.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"See you around, dude."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Stan follows Cartman away.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle is left alone in the playground as winds howl around him. The camera zooms in on him as the intro to his song plays.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas My friends won't let me join in any games And I can't sing Christmas songs or decorate a Christmas tree or leave water out for Rudolph 'cause there's something wrong with me My people don't believe in Jesus Christ's divinity I'm a Jew A lonely Jew On Christmas...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"He walks away, then peeks at the mall from behind a tree. Stan is on Santa's lap while Cartman and Kenny wait in line, now forming on Santa's left."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Channukah is nice, but why is it That Santa passes over my house every year? And instead of eating ham I have to eat kosher latke Instead of Silent Night I'm singing huhash dogavish And what the fuck is up with lighting all these fucking candles, tell me please? I'm a Jew A lonely Jew I'd be merry But I'm Hebrew On Christ-maas."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"He walks down the road, past a Toy Shoppe and a stand of Christmas trees. The camera pulls back as he walks out of view."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Outside City Hall a crowd gathers.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"Ahem. Okay everybody, settle down."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Large woman,"Mayor, we are deeply offended by the Nativity scene in front of the capital office. Church and State are separate!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Some men,No! Wrong!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle appearing among his friends.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"What's going on, you guys?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,The whole town's pissed off at each other. It's really sweet.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"That isn't all, Mayor! The school play is doing a Nativity scene! It isn't being sensitive to the Jewish community!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,You are the Jewish community!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Crowd,Yeah! Yeah!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Oh, boy! Super-bitch is at it again!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Don't call my mom a bitch, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,"Mayor, the Nativity is what Christmas is all about. If you remove Christ, you must remove Santa and Frosty and all of that garbage, too!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd cheers in agreement.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Woman,Hallelujah!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man,Amen!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Tree hugger,And we must put a stop to the cutting down of Christmas trees!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man 1,Raah!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man 2,Give me a break!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Uncle Jimbo,"And I'm sick and tired of those little flaps on coffee lids. If you don't want to spill your coffee, you shouldn't be driving with it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd processes Jimbo's words.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Crowd,Yeah! Yeah!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"Okay, people, we clearly need to reach a compromise. Perhaps we need a new icon for Christmas."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Assistant 1,"Oooo, brilliant idea, Mayor!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd mulls over the suggestion.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Hey! How about Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,Ex-cuse me?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey. He comes out of the toilet every year and gives presents to everybody who has a lot of fiber in their diet.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,Kyle! Sshhh!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"It's true. He doesn't care what faith you are. Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo he loves me and I love you Therefore, vicariously he loves you Even if-"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,[stopping Kyle] Never mind him. He's a very disturbed little boy.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Kyle's crazy!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Yeah.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Okay, Kyle, we're leaving right nowww."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila drags him away.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Wait...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"Anyway, I'll put together a crack team of my best workers to make sure this'll be the most non-offensive Christmas ever - to any religious or minority group of any kind. Are there any other suggestions?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Garrison raises his hand.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"Yes, Mr. Garrison."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Can we get rid of all the Mexicans?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Looks back, then."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"No, Mr. Garrison, we cannot get rid of all the Mexicans."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Rats!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle's house, the living room. Ike opens up his present - a dreidel. He gives it a spin. The camera pans to the right and stops at Kyle and his dad."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald Broflovski,"It is sick and disgusting, and we simply will not have it!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila pops out from behind Gerald.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Your father's right, Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Sheila, let me handle this. Having imaginary friends is fine, Kyle, but this simply will not do!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila pops out again.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Listen to your father, Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The dreidel has gone off to the right, and Ike goes after it, bumping into the coffee table. The Channukah menorah on it (day 6) falls on Ike, and he begins to burn."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Now, I want you to repeat after me: 'There is no such thing as Mr. Hankey'."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"But dad, he always sh..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,Say it!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,There's no such thing as Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,Again!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,There's no such thing as Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila pops out again.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"This is for your own good, bubbe."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Now, you go brush your teeth and march into bed! You won't be opening your Channukah present tonight!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"[softly, under his breath] Probably just another stupid dreidel anyway."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,What did you say?!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle enters his room.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I said Ike's on fire!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Ike,Oh oh. On flame? Oh oh. On flame?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,OH MY GOD!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Gerald quickly smothers Ike with a blanket to douse the flames.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle's house, the bathroom. He is brushing his teeth."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,It isn't fair! I don't want to be an outcast!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A voice is echoing from the toilet
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice,Kyle.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle faces the toilet, then returns to brushing his teeth."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I'm not hearing that.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice,Kyle.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle hops down and goes to the toilet, then looks into it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey pops up and makes his entrance wearing white gloves and a red elf cap.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howwwwdy-hoooo.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey jumps onto the sink.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, Kyle. Gosh, you're looking swell."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"[now wary] Go away, Mr. Hankey."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"You know something, Kyle? You smell an awful lot like flowers."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I said go away! My father said you aren't real.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Not real? Well shucks. If I weren't real, could I sing this jolly Christmas song?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"He begins to sing. As he does so, he skips around the room and leaves bits of poo behind."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Santa Claus is on his way He's loaded goodies on his sleigh To drop them off on Christmas Day And I'll say 'Howdy-ho'.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey! Sshhhh! I'll get in trouble.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Folks'll gather round the fire sing a song, stroll the choir Pretty song they'll all retire And I'll say 'Howdy-ho'."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He leaves 'NOEL' written in poop on the vanity mirror.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Gerald knocks on the door.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Kyle, what are you doing in there?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Nothing.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He knocks again.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,Open this door!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I hope that Santa comes real soon I've been waiting for some we...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, come here."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle grabs Mr. Hankey and muffles him, and turns as Gerald opens the door. Gerald sees a bathroom smeared with feces everywhere, and a boy facing him holding a big piece of it in his left hand. He gasps and remains speechless."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,KYLE!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle throttles the poo.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Say something, Mr. Hankey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"It falls over, and Kyle looks forsaken."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle's bedroom. Kyle is now in bed.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Now, you get to sleep, and think about how your poor mother has to clean that bathroom up!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,Whatwhatwhaaat?! Me?!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Gerald looks towards his room and quickly closes the door.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey is now on Kyle's comforter.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey! Where the hell did you go?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"You should be wearing socks to sleep, Kyle. You're gonna catch a cold."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Nobody believes in you, not even my friends."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Aw, gee, that's too bad."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Hey! How about you come to school with me tomorrow, so I can at least prove I'm not crazy to my friends."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Say, that sounds like a swell idea. We can show everyone the true spirit of Christmas."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Yeah! We'll show them!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle smiles, pleased with the idea."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Downtown South Park.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"Okay, people, we've got to turn this place around! Take down anything that is offensive to any specific group!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd sets about dismantling the decorations. A man removes Santa's head from his sleigh and tosses it onto the street.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Uncle Jimbo calls forth from his shop.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Uncle Jimbo,Is mistletoe offensive?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,Is anyone offended by mistletoe?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,One man raises his hand.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,Lose the mistletoe!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Jimbo clips it off.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Bus stop.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,You guys! I'm getting that John Elway football helmet for Christmas!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,How do you know?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,'Cause I looked in my parents' closet last night.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Yeah? Well I sneaked around my mom's closet too, and saw what I'm getting. The Ultravibe Pleasure 2000."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,What's that?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"I don't know, but it sounds pretty sweet."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle arrives.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Hello, everybodyyy."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"What's in the box, dude?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,It's a surprise.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Let me see!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The boys gather around the box.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,O-Okay. But don't scare him...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"A shot of what Mr. Hankey sees as Stan pops the lid open, then a top-down view as the poo is shown in all its glory. Cartman and Stan blink."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"[angrily] Dude, sick!!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle looks down at his poo.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Is this some kind of Jewish tradition?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(That is the sickest thing I have ever fucking seen!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Wait! You guys! He's alive!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle jostles the box.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Kyle, I think you'd better get home and get some sleep."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle is shaking the box now.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Come on, dance! Daaance! Dance, damn you!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Research Center, a Researcher is shown before at least six subjects."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Now this is very simple. I'm going to say words and the computer will measure how offended you are by them. In this way we can find out which words are least offensive for use in the holiday season. Are we ready?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The group looks back at him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Here we go: Christ
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Two responses.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Hm. Okay. Cherub.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,No response.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Hm... Camel
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,One response.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Hm. Sad.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,No response.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Stupid Wop Dago.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,All respond.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Bench...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. The janitors are clearing out the decorations."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Aw, do you have to take away the Christmas tree, too?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Janitor 2,Mayor's orders.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, I'm really having a hard time with our Christmas play. The new law states we can't sing any songs having to do with Jesus or Santa Claus."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Thanks to Kyle's mother.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Shut up, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,So does anybody know any non-Santa or non-Jesus Christmas songs.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Cartman raises his hand.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Yes, Eric?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"How about we sing ""Kyle's Mom is a Stupid Bitch"", in D minor."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"I told you not to call my mom a bitch, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"O-ho. Weeeeeeeeeellll Kyle's mom is a bitch, she's a big fat bitch, she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world She a stupid bitch, if there ever was a bitch, she's a bitch to all the boys and girls."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Shut up, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey pops to life.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,[hushed] Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Monday she's a bitch, on Tuesday she's a bitch, on Wednesday to Saturday she's a bitch Then on Sunday, just to be different, she's a super King Kamehameha bi-atch!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The class is clapping along gleefully by now, while Kyle looks at Cartman with ire."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Golly, that isn't very nice."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle turns to hear him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I'd sure like to teach him a lesson.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison joins in the clapping, but he's off beat."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom? She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world. She's a mean ole bitch 'cause she has stupid hair, she a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch she's a stupid bitch! Kyle's mom's a bitch and she's just a dirty bitch! KYLE'S MOOOM IS A - BIIIIII-I-I-ITCH - aahh."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, no!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Mmmrrr-aaarrrggghhh!!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey attacks Cartman.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,What the...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The poo is now on the floor, and the class gasps."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Gross, Kyle!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Oh my lord, Kyle, did you just throw doo-doo at Eric?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Uuuuuuhh...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,YOU SICK BASTARD!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Some snickers are heard.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The counselor's office, the window showing silhouettes of Kyle and Mr. Mackey. Another student waits outside."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo","Mr. Mackey, Jr.","Now, uh, Kyle, as your school counselor, uh I want to try and help you confront your problems, 'kay?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I don't have a problem.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Well it-it's my understanding that you umhm, yu-you have an acute case of fecophilia."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,What's that?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Well-uh, a fecophiliac is somebody who's obsessed with mookie-stinks, Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mookie-stinks?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Now I also understand that you're Jewish. Is that right, Kyle?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Wull, not on purpose."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"So this must be a pretty hard time of year for you, being Christmas and all. Do the other kids make fun of ya?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Well, sometimes..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,And that must make you mad.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Well sure.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Mad enough to kill, Kyle???"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Mackey looks at him up close.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"No, dude!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Oh that's good. You see, Kyle, sometimes we feel like an outsider, we-we create friends, Okay-in our minds, Okay?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,But Mr. Hankey seemed so real...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,Well of course he does; in your screwed-up little head he's the only friend you have.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey sips from his coffee cup, Mr. hankey is now bathing in the cup."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Kyle!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle lowers his head.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle is shocked.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Right now you're nuttier than Chinese chicken salad, m'kay-I mean, you're one screwed-up little kid do you understand?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle looks back up in horror at the counselor, who takes another sip of coffee. Kyle closes his eyes in dread anticipation. Mr. Hankey is still bathing in Mr. Mackey's coffee."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Santa's loaded up his sleigh flying around his merry way...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"To try and stay positive stay away from drug and alcohol, and in the meantime I'm gonna put you on a heavy regimen of Prozac..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Mackey notices the poo in his cup and gasps.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Uuuuuuugghh-oh my God, you sick little monkey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle's mouth is twisted with chagrin.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. Christmas lights are still hanging and lit."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, we've just received word from the mayor that the Christmas play can't include any Christmas lights, since they offend people with epilepsy..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Students,Hhmm.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"...so Kenny, would you please go over and pull the lights cords out of the wall?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"a low faucet is dripping next to the outlet, creating a puddle that goes past it. The class looks at the sight, then Kenny goes over..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Careful now, Kenny, those are very, very dangerous."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kenny tugs at the cords and they come out. He looks at the class, then walks back to his spot."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Okay. Now let's practice our...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey rushes in, followed by Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,No! Get away from me!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Here. Just look more closely at it.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"No! Go away! Stan, you need to do something about your friend, m'kay. Get him out of here before he hurts anybody! M'kay?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Mental House.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Hullo, we need to commit our friend, Kyle please."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Nurse,Reason?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I'm a clinically depressed fecophiliac on Prozac.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Nurse,Any allergies?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,No.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Nurse,Jacket!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Two burly men come out through the doors on either side of the nurse and wrap Kyle up, then take him inside, chattering all the while."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Bye, Kyle! Happy Channukah!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, does everyone have their leotards on?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"They do, and just look back. The camera now looks out to the audience."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Artsy Man,"Good, it looks like they have taken the Christmas trees down."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",His Date,"Yes, and there's nothing Christian, either. This should be great!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Oh, this could be such a wonderful Christmas play - I wish our little Kyle was here to see it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila is now sobbing.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Mental House.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I will play Second verse, same as the first Dreidel, dreidel, dreidelll-I ma..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. The MC is on stage."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,Welcome to the South Park Elementary Holiday...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man 1,"[pointing] Wait, wait, there's a star above the stage. That's very offensive to non-Christians."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Uncle Jimbo,"Oh, come on!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man 1,"Hey! Don't put your beliefs on me, buddy!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Randy Marsh,I agree.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Garrison peeks through the curtain.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Oh brother.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He steps back.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Kenny, would you please climb that ladder and take down the star above the stage?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny approaches the ladder and starts climbing.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"And be careful not to fall in that little pool below you, Kenny, the shark for the third act is in there."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny looks down at the pool.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Hunh?)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He looks back at Mr. Garrison.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,"Ladies and gentlemen, Welcome to the South Park Elementary Holiday Experience. Before we bring out the kiddies for the play, here's a non-offensive, non-denominational holiday song by the school chef."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"I'm gonna lay you down by the Yule log I'm gonna love you right Baby, I'm gonna deck your halls And silence your nights."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny reaches the star and makes sure he's safe.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"You'll hear the herald angels sing When I'm sliding off your bra I just can't wait to jingle your bells and falala your love... You can break my heart, and that means..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,I wish Kyle was here. It just doesn't seem right without him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"...We should make love,"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Well. Ol' Kyle's gonna be locked up for a while, so get used to it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,...'Cause if we don't-
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, kids, get ready to take your places."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,"Thank you, Chef!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny finally descends with the star.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Phew!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,"And now, South Park Elementary presents the happy, non-offensive, non-denominational Christmas Play, with music and lyrics by New York minimalist composer, Philip Glass!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Philip Glass moves into position and start playing his keyboards. The curtains draw back, and the kids look out at the audience. They begin to move around."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice-over,"As I turn and look into the sun, the rays burn my eyes."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"A track saying ""Happy Happy Happy, Everybody Happy"" is added, along with an arpeggio. Members of the audience look confused."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice-over,How like a turtle the sun looks.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,What the hell is this???
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The kids just keep moving and turning.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,This is horrible!!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,This is the most God-awful piece of crap I've ever seen!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,You're the ones who made it this way!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,"Yeah, it's because the Jews said it couldn't be Christian."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,It wasn't our idea to take out Santa Claus!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Elderly Tree Hugger,All you bastards ruined Christmas!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd descends into brawling. A person in blue is thrown towards the stage. The Broflovskis trap Father Maxi.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,Get him in the ribs!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila punches Father Maxi.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,Oof.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Picking up the elderly tree-hugger.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man in audience,Damn tree-hugger!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Tosses him away.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"This sucks, dude. This is like the worst Christmas I have ever seen."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,Yeah.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Chef is now on stage behind the children.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"Say, where's Kyle?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,We committed him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,What? Why?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,'Cause. He kept seeing this little brown piece of Christmas poo everywhere that he went.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,Chirstmas poo? You yuh-you mean Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Huh?! O-oh.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The crowd continues to brawl. Sheila uses a chair on her husband, who quickly falls to the floor. She watches him fall."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A Mr. Hankey Commercial Plays.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Back at the gym. The man in blue is thrown from his post for the third time - an obvious blooper, as the Broflovskis have Father Maxi trapped again."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"This is horrible! Everybody's fighting and my best friend is in an institution, all because we didn't believe in Mr. Hankey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,Well! You can believe in him now.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A woman backs up across the stage as a man flies towards her. The crowd is more violent now.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Woman,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,I believe.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A piano begins to play softly.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,I believe in Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"A shoebox at one side of the stage starts to jump, and the lid pops off. Mr. Hankey jumps up and floats in the air, surrounded by pixie dust."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Hoooowwwwwdy-ho!!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Everyone on stage gasps.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy, folks. Gosh you sure do smell all nice and flowery."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo","Cartman, Stan",Whoa!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, Chef!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"Howdy-ho, Mr. Hankey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Okay, that does it! Screw this, I'm goin home!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Moves toward stage left.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Talking poo is where I draw the line!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,What's all the ruckus?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"I'm glad you're here, Mr. Hankey. The whole town is about to kill each other."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I reckon this could be a job for Mr. Hankey!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He sees the crowd fighting and whistles. They stop and turn to see him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,STOP FIGHTING!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",The Mayor,"Oh my God, what the hell is that thing?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Come on, gang, don't fight. You people focus so hard on the things wrong with Christmas that you've forgotten what's so right about it. Don't you see? This is the one time of year we're s'posed to forget all the bad stuff, to stop worrying and being sad about the state of the world, and for just one day say, ""Aw, the heck with it! Let's sing and dance and bake cookies""."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Father Maxi finally gets up from the floor as a single person begins to clap, and the crowd turns to see that the person clapping is Gerald. Then others start clapping and the town begins to cheer. Mr. Hankey is overjoyed at the response."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Mental House. Kyle sits on the floor of a padded room.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I'm a Jew A lonely Jew...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, Kyle!!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Thinking it's a hallucination.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Oh no, I'm not sane yet!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I brought some friends with me.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Friends?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle gets up and looks lout a small window. He sees all the townsfolk and smiles, relieved."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"Merry Christmas, Kyle Broflovski!!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,You mean you can see him? Ah-I'm not crazy?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The nurse releases him and he rushes out the door. Mr. Hankey follows.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey kisses Kyle.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"...he loves me and I love you Therefore, vicariously he loves you..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey begins tossing presents to everyone.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,...Even if you're a Jew
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Pirrip,"Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny, he can be brown or greenish-brown But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve, he might come to your town"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo He loves me. I love you Heeeeeeee Looooooves Yoooooouu!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey, during the second chorus."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Well, I've got a loong night ahead of me. Bye-bye and Merry Christmas."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He floats up to meet Santa as he passes by.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Good-bye Mr. Hankey! Bring me lots of presents! I always believed in you!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Santa Claus,Howdy-ho ho ho!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"You know, I learned something today. I learned that Jewish people are okay. And that...Hanukkah can be cool, too."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Yeah...[concerned] You know, it seems like something's still not right."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The camera pans over to Kenny.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Yeah, something feels...unfinished."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Drum roll.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Wh-what could it be?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The drum roll heads for a climax.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,THE END.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Yee he hee!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,End credits roll.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Public Access. A light is on.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Jesus is on the Jesus and Pals set alone.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Jesus,"Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Jesus blows out the candle on his cake and ends up in the dark. He blinks. Credits resume rolling.
Damien,Scene Description,Classroom: Cartman enters humming with a stack of envelopes. He starts handing them out.
Damien,Cartman,"Here you go, Kyle... And here's yours, Stan..."
Damien,Kyle,"What is this, Cartman?"
Damien,Cartman,They're invitations to my birthday party this weekend.
Damien,Stan,"Oh, sweet! Your mom's giving you a big party again this year?"
Damien,Cartman,"Thaat's right. 'Cause it's my birthday, my bu bubu birthday..."
Damien,Kyle,"Kick ass, dude! Cartman's mom throws the best birthday parties ever."
Damien,Cartman,That's right.
Damien,Stan,"Yeah. If my mom could cook like Cartman's mom, I'd be a big fat-ass, too."
Damien,Cartman,That's ri-aayy.
Damien,Pip,"Oh, Eric. I didn't get an invitation."
Damien,Cartman,"[darting over] Oh, really? Gosh. Where could I have put Pip's invitation?? Let's see, Pip's invitation, Pip's invitation... Oh! I remember!"
Damien,Scene Description,Pip smiles hopefully.
Damien,Cartman,I shoved it up my ass!
Damien,Scene Description,Pip's hopes are dashed.
Damien,Cartman,"Yeess, that's right. I wrote it out, put it in an envelope, sealed it, and then shoved it right up my ass, forever ruining any chance you had of coming to my birthday party! Sorry, Pip ol' chap!"
Damien,Scene Description,moves on
Damien,Cartman,"Here's yours, Wendy... and here's yours, Clyde..."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"[excitedly] Children, children! Today is a very special day."
Damien,Cartman,"No, my birthday isn't until Saturday."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"I'm not talking about your birthday, Eric. We have a new student joining our class today."
Damien,Cartman,Eeeeeeh!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Now, some of you know what it's like to be the new kid in town, so I want you all to take special care to make him feel welcome. I want you all to meet our new classmate... [leans down to the new kid, Damien] uh-uh, what's your name again?"
Damien,Damien Thorn,Damien!
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus...dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,"Dark music and changing plays as Damien's eyes show flaming, crackling pupils."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Say 'hi' to Damien! [Silence.] And where are you from, Damien?"
Damien,Damien,The seventh layer of hell!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Ooooh, that's exciting, my mother was from Alabama."
Damien,Scene Description,"Damien goes around the teacher's desk and hops up on it, kicking away the apple. Garrison steps aside."
Damien,Damien,"My arrival shall note the end of the Beginning, the beginning of the End, the new reign of my father!"
Damien,Ominous voice,... rectus... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Mr. Garrison,Your father?
Damien,Damien,The Prince of Darkness!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, we have royalty in our class. Why don't you take your seat, Damien? We're gonna finish our lesson on great singers of the Baroque era."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien hops down and goes to sit next to Cartman.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Now, children, Nancy Sinatra was quite a choice piece of ass..."
Damien,Cartman,"Hey, new kid. Do you want an invitation to my birthday party?"
Damien,Damien,Here begins the rule of pain! The new domination of...
Damien,Cartman,"Psych! I wasn't gonna give you an invitation, hehehehehehe! Hey, who cut your hair? Stevie Wonder?"
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,Damien turns to Cartman and concentrates. Cartman's desk suddenly turns over and dumps him onto the floor.
Damien,Cartman,Byah. Oof!
Damien,Scene Description,The desk goes out the window. The class sits up.
Damien,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Damien,Ominous voice,Sancti...
Damien,Kyle,"Damn, what a freak!"
Damien,Cartman,[Getting up off the floor.] Hey! I had a poofy pie in that desk!
Damien,Ominous voice,Cheesy poofs...
Damien,Damien,Now feel the wrath - of the fallen angels! The plague of night is upon ye.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Damien, do you need to sit in time out for a few minutes?"
Damien,Scene Description,Damien blinks.
Damien,Cartman,"Eheh. [Taunting.] You got in trouble, you got in trouble."
Damien,Scene Description,The cafeteria: The boys already have their lunches.
Damien,Stan,"Hey, Cartman? How come the birthday invitation you gave me says 'Green Mega Man'?"
Damien,Kyle,Yeah. Mine says 'Red Mega Man'.
Damien,Cartman,Right. That's what your supposed to get for my birthday.
Damien,Stan,Dude. You're not supposed to tell people what to get you for your birthday.
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah, that's weak!"
Damien,Cartman,"Look, it's very simple guys. Green Mega Man goes with Red Mega Man and Yellow Mega Man to make the Ultra Mega Mega Man. You have to have all three or it doesn't work, see?"
Damien,Stan,Up yours. Cartman. I'll get you whatever the hell I want.
Damien,Scene Description,Kyle crumples up the invitation and throws it away.
Damien,Cartman,"Oooh. So maybe you don't want to have any of my mom's cake, pie, and ice cream, then."
Damien,Stan,"Oh great, Green Mega Man it is."
Damien,Cartman,"Now. As you can see, Kenny, you are to get me Yellow Mega Man. That's because Yellow Mega Man is the cheapest one, and I know how poor your family is."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien arrives.
Damien,Stan,"Heeyy, what do you think you're doing, new kid?"
Damien,Cartman,"Yeah. You can't sit with us, weirdo!"
Damien,Damien,Infidels! I will turn you all into beasts of burden!
Damien,Kyle,"You can't sit with us, new kid. Go find another table!"
Damien,Scene Description,Damien walks off.
Damien,Cartman,"Yich. Anyway Kenny, Yellow Man is only $8.95, so maybe your mom can put it on layaway and make payments for a year or two."
Damien,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle laugh, then Cartman laughs. Kenny punches him."
Damien,Cartman,Eeyy!
Damien,Scene Description,Damian walks over to where Pip is.
Damien,Pip,"Oh. Good day, Damien. My name is Philip, but everyone calls me Pip - because they hate me."
Damien,Damien,Then I will call you Pip.
Damien,Pip,Right-o.
Damien,Stan,Hey new kid!
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman turns around. Kenny is already facing him.
Damien,Stan,"Kenny says he saw... your mother drop you off this morning, and she's a real dog."
Damien,Kenny,"(Yeah, I feel that she's a freakin' bitch!)"
Damien,Damien,That does it! Woo-paah.
Damien,Scene Description,Points his index fingers at Kenny.
Damien,Ominous voice,... rectus... dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,"Kenny trembles for a moment, and then a moment of silence."
Damien,Stan,What the... ?
Damien,Kyle,Dude! He turned Kenny into a duck-billed platypus.
Damien,Stan,A what?
Damien,Kenny,Quack-quack.
Damien,Cartman,"Eeyy! Uh-turn him back you butt-hole, he has to buy me the Yellow Mega Man!"
Damien,Scene Description,Chef comes up behind them.
Damien,Chef,"Hello there, children."
Damien,Stan,"Hey, Chef."
Damien,Chef,How's it going?
Damien,Kyle,Bad.
Damien,Chef,Why bad?
Damien,Kyle,"Chef, there's a new kid in school, and he's a total weirdo freak."
Damien,Chef,"Oh children, children, you shouldn't not like somebody just because they're different. Here, let me sing you a little song, We're all special in our own way everybody's different, but that's okay, 'cause even though we might-a have different-colored skin, different points of view, be tall or thin, it doesn't mean I can't lay you down, woman, and touch your silky skin,"
Damien,Scene Description,A psychedelic scene appears behind him.
Damien,Chef,"With my love deep inside you, where no man has ever been,"
Damien,Scene Description,He stands behind a lovely black woman wearing trunks and a big smile.
Damien,Chef,"Rub you legs, caress your thighs and uh..."
Damien,Scene Description,"He floats on a cloud with a lovely white woman, then he's back in the cafeteria"
Damien,Chef,What were we talking about again?
Damien,Kyle,The new kid.
Damien,Scene Description,Damian is standing on a table.
Damien,Damien,Death to the holy! The wrath of the fallen angels now heads for you all!
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Scene Description,"Pip's cap flies off, followed by milk and lunch trays, large tote bags, wall poster, clocks..."
Damien,Stan,Whoa!
Damien,Chef,Oh! That is one fudged-up little cracker!
Damien,Scene Description,"...Footballs, bunnyfish, desks, telephones, fire alarms, rifles..."
Damien,Kyle,"We told you, dude."
Damien,Scene Description,Kids scream. Pip is awestruck. Kids and lunch tables begin to rise and fly around.
Damien,Chef,"We've got to do something, children!"
Damien,Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey flies by, then Kevin Stoley, then a cow. (think Twister)"
Damien,Damien,Bring me Jesus! My wrath shall continue until I speak to Jesus!
Damien,Ominous voice,... rectus... dominus... cheesy poofs... rectus... dominus...
Damien,"Stan, Kyle",Jesus?
Damien,Scene Description,"The set of Jesus and Pals. Jesus freshens up, and Roland the cameraman comes in"
Damien,Roland,"Two minutes to air, Jesus."
Damien,Jesus,"Thanks, Roland. Blessed art thou. [Stan and Kyle dash in.]"
Damien,Stan,"Jesus, Jesus!"
Damien,Jesus,"Ah-hi kids, I only do autographs after the show."
Damien,Stan,"No no. There's a big problem at school. Some new kid showed up, wearing all black, and and Chef thinks he's evil."
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah. Look what he did to our friend, Kenny."
Damien,Kenny,Quack-quack.
Damien,Jesus,Wow. That's pretty heavy.
Damien,Stan,"This new kid, he just keeps throwing things around and... saying stuff aboout his dark prince father coming. He says he wants to talk to you."
Damien,Jesus,The Dark Prince?
Damien,Stan,Yeah.
Damien,Kyle,Yeah.
Damien,Jesus,"So it was written, and so the cycle of years brings the Son of the Evil One."
Damien,Stan,[To Kyle.] Whoa. Huduh now he's talking like the new kid.
Damien,Jesus,"Thou must taketh me to this seedling of Satan, so mine eyes can confirm the wretched truth."
Damien,Kyle,... K.
Damien,Scene Description,School playground
Damien,Groundskeeper,"Five minutes until recess is over, you little bastards!"
Damien,Scene Description,"Cartman is heard speaking. Three kids look at him: Wendy, Clyde, and Brimmy, who is taking notes. Cartman stands next to an easel, pointing at drawings he made earlier. A boy with a blue hat joins them later"
Damien,Cartman,"Now, as you can see, the Red Mega Man uses thee... Mega Cycle, which is what Clyde will be getting me for my birthday. Wendy, you were supposed to get me the Mega Power Chopper, illustrated... here, but, I'm changing your present to the Yellow Mega Man, since Kenny has been turned into a... duck-billed platypus. That means that the Mega Man beach house, illustrated... heuh, will be a gift given by two people at once, 'cause it costs more money..."
Damien,Scene Description,"A football lands in front of Damien, who sets fire to it. He then points to the slide, which catches fire and sends Red into another student as Bebe looks on."
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus... sancti...
Damien,Red,Aaaaa Bebe!
Damien,Bebe,Our slide!
Damien,Damien,Feel my wrath!
Damien,Scene Description,"Damien sends a small fireball from his fingertip to the see-saw, setting it aflame and knocking off Kevin Stoley and Token."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien torches the hobby elephants. A boy with a brown hat screams as fire is set to the hobby elephant he's playing on.
Damien,Pip,"[As Damien torches the hobby elephants.] Oho Damien, you shouldn't be so upset, you know. I know it's hard being the new kid, but the children may accept you someday."
Damien,Damien,I don't need acceptance. I'm the Son of Satan!
Damien,Scene Description,He torches the jungle gym. Butters screams as he falls off.
Damien,Pip,Believe me! I know what it's like not to have friends. Perhaps you should speak to the school counselor. He helps me a lot when I'm feeling lonely.
Damien,Ominous voice,... Rectus... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Jesus,Damien!
Damien,Damien,Aaah! Son of Stench! Cursed Ruler of the weak!
Damien,Jesus,"So it is thou, Son of Lucifer!"
Damien,Damien,"Your time on this earth is short. Soon, my father comes."
Damien,Jesus,Let him come then. I shall stop him!
Damien,Damien,Behold! He is already upon us! [Clouds begin to conceal the sun.
Damien,Kyle,"Ohh, dude!"
Damien,Satan,Hic dominus ampullicus unum sum. Forante onlisam dum sameli etludemus.
Damien,Scene Description,Another whirlwind comes up.
Damien,Jimbo,What the hell's going on here?
Damien,Scene Description,A crowd begins to gather.
Damien,Father Maxi,Look! It's that guy from the public access show!
Damien,Blonde,What's happening?
Damien,Chef,"Come over here if you're scared, women! I'll protect you!"
Damien,Scene Description,Garrison leans onto him.
Damien,Chef,"Not you, dammit!"
Damien,Satan,Forante onlisam dum sameli etludemus.
Damien,Damien,"Jesus, my father says... he chooses you! He calls you out! Be here at this time tomorrow! Then the terms will be discussed!"
Damien,Jesus,Very well. Let the final battle between Good and Evil be fought - right here in South Park!
Damien,Jimbo,"Come on, Ned! We've got to get our asses to the bookie!"
Damien,Scene Description,The Crowd disperses.
Damien,Stan,You're gonna fight Satan?
Damien,Jesus,"This fight has been ordained since the beginning! My children, this is the most crucial and serious time... of all history."
Damien,Commercial,Who will win our souls?
Damien,Scene Description,An hourglass spins on a horizontal axis.
Damien,Commercial,Our Savior and Lord?
Damien,Scene Description,Jesus launches a fireball into the darkness.
Damien,Commercial,Or the Prince of Darkness?
Damien,Scene Description,A red demon looms over several fleeing people.
Damien,Commercial,It's the final battle between Good and Evil.
Damien,Scene Description,A black figure and a white one bump heads.
Damien,Commercial,"And it's only on Pay Per View! Jesus Versus Satan! Live, from the South Park Forum on Saturday. Call now to order, only $49.95."
