Douche and a Danish,Lennart,"Get everyone back inside. If this girl really is that smart and funny, we might have another shot here. [the other Dane goes away]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Mars in Cartman's fantasy.
Fort Collins,Cartman,[jumps] Whee! [waves at someone far away] Hi! [looks at a human city] So cool! [leaps towards the city]
Fort Collins,Unnamed characters 1 and 2,[wave at Cartman] Hi!
Fort Collins,Unnamed character 3,[waves at Cartman] Hi!
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Hi! [stops and sees a roller coaster] Dude, Mars rules. [leaps to the roller coaster] Mars rules!"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,M Burger. Cartman is smiling while on a date with Heidi.
Fort Collins,Heidi,"What are you thinking about, Babe?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,Just thinking about how much we could accomplish if... people weren't so close-minded.
Fort Collins,Heidi,"You're worried about him again, aren't you? Your friend, Kyle?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,"[sighs] He's not a bad person, Heidi."
Fort Collins,Heidi,Then talk to him babe. Tell him what we're doing. Maybe you can get him back.
Fort Collins,Cartman,"You're right. You're right, Heidi."
Fort Collins,Scene Description,The Broflovski residence. Gerald is at his office trolling people.
Fort Collins,Gerald,"[repeatedly clicks on keyboard and talks softly] Ha ha, yeah. I'm yours, bitch. Ha ha. [speaks louder]. Suck it! [moves the mouse] How about a dick in your mouth?! There you go! Ha ha, ha ha ha ha. [notices the door bell ringing] Aw! [walks to the front door, and opens it]"
Fort Collins,Trolls,Hi Skankhunt!
Fort Collins,Gerald,[gets shocked] Ah! [tries looking behind him] What are you guys doing here?!
Fort Collins,Dick,We came to celebrate!
Fort Collins,PurpleheadedQueeflicker,Not everyday you troll a whole country.
Fort Collins,Anonymous821,[showed a case of John Adams beer] We brought some beer. Let's have a trolling party.
Fort Collins,Scene Description,The trolls have sat down and laughed each other
Fort Collins,PurpleheadedQueeflicker,We did it!
Fort Collins,Dick,"I think if anything, we proved that trolls really can have an effect on the world."
Fort Collins,Trolls,Yeah! Yeah!
Fort Collins,Troll 7,You said it!
Fort Collins,SupersexyLisa18,Thanks to us!
Fort Collins,Dick,"And I think on the next one, [raises his beer] we're only gonna get better."
Fort Collins,Troll 4,No doubt about it.
Fort Collins,Gerald,"Wh-what are you talking about ""next one""?"
Fort Collins,Dick,"Skankhunt, we got an entire country to sign off social media and... stop what they were doing. Imagine what effect we can have on the rest of the world?"
Fort Collins,Anonymous821,We're like super-trolls who could change anything.
Fort Collins,Gerald,[leans to Dick] Can I talk to you for a second?
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Gerald and Dick walk to the kitchen
Fort Collins,Gerald,Why did you bring them here?!
Fort Collins,Dick,"What do you mean? We're all on a team, Skankhunt."
Fort Collins,Gerald,That was a one-time deal so nobody would find out who we are!
Fort Collins,Dick,But you saw what we did when we worked together? Just think what we could do to like the Presidential Election.
Fort Collins,Gerald,The election?! I don't give a shit about the election! You don't troll to be political!
Fort Collins,Dick,Of course it's political!
Fort Collins,Gerald,"No, I just do it to laugh, like I did when I was a kid! Don't you just remember being a kid and calling someone a fag for no reason?!"
Fort Collins,Dick,I remember being called a fag for no reason.
Fort Collins,Gerald,"Right! Like it was just fun, right?! Getting political doesn't do anything for me. I just like remembering when I was a kid. That's it. You need to get those people to go and then you need to go."
Fort Collins,Dick,"Okay. [puts down his beer mug] Sure, Skankhunt. Whatever you say. [walks away]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Marsh kitchen.
Fort Collins,Garrison,Presidential election is only two weeks away. We have to [lifts a bag of memberberries talking] destroy these things.
Fort Collins,Jar Berries,'Member the Bi-wing fighters? 'Member the Service Droids? I 'member.
Fort Collins,Randy,[setting up experiment] That's much easier said than done. They're resistent to just about everything I tried.
Fort Collins,Experiment Berry,"'Member, 'member Mos Eisley? 'Member the Rancor, 'member? 'Member sand people? 'Member the Cantina? 'Member-- [gets torched by Randy and screams] My eyes!"
Fort Collins,Jar Berries,"What's going on now? They're using a torch on him. Oh, are they gonna use a torch on us?!"
Fort Collins,Experiment Berry,"Ah, Aaaaah! [stops getting torched] 'Member Bespin? 'Member Wedge? I loved Wedge. 'Member?"
Fort Collins,Randy,"Uh, there has to be something."
Fort Collins,Garrison,Try the acid.
Fort Collins,Experiment Berry,'Member Mon Mothma? 'Member the rebel transports? [screams while acid is poured on him]
Fort Collins,Jar Berries,"They're trying to destroy us. They are?! Our whole species?! They can't do that?! Yeah they can! 'Member the Death Star blowing up Alderaan? Oo, Alderaan, I 'member."
Fort Collins,Experiment Berry,"[keeps on screaming until Randy runs out of acid] 'Member the Cloud City? 'Member IG-88, the bounty hunter droid? 'member, that was fanta'tic."
Fort Collins,Randy,Damn it! [takes off flashlight] These things are impossible to get rid of.
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Broflovski bathroom. Kyle sits on the toilet, using his phone and then hears a knock from the other side of the door]''"
Fort Collins,Kyle,[tilts head up] Yeah.
Fort Collins,Cartman,"[opens the door halfway and leans] Hey, Broship. You got a minute?"
Fort Collins,Kyle,"Oh, what do you want now?!"
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Just a second. Please, Kyle?"
Fort Collins,Kyle,Hurry up!
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Okay, [walks with Heidi in the bathroom] come on, Baby."
Fort Collins,Kyle,"Ah! Dude, what the fuck?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Kyle Kyle, I know you haven't had a serious girlfriend, but you've stop caring about seeing each other in the bathroom."
Fort Collins,Kyle,I'm going to the bathroom!
Fort Collins,Heidi,"Eric really cares about you, Kyle. He feels like he's losing you and he's really upset."
Fort Collins,Kyle,Why?
Fort Collins,Cartman,"[walks away from the toilet] I remember not that long ago, Kyle, when you told me in this very room I believe, that you were going to prove who the troll was no matter what. Do you remember that, Kyle? Where's that Kyle?"
Fort Collins,Kyle,"[looks down] I have to stay with my group, Cartman."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"[walks to the sink] No no, I know. Being in groups is great; you get to gang [opens sink draw and grabs Lysol spray] up and smash people's stuff, pull up your wiener in the cafeteria. [sprays Lysol at Kyle and walks near Heidi] I wonder what the old Kyle say about this Kyle. I wonder if old Kyle would be pretty disgusted right now by who he's become. Heidi's been working with Denmark now, Kyle. I want to show you what she's done. It's gonna change the way you think."
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Gerald's office. Gerald keeps on trolling.
Fort Collins,Gerald,"Ha ha ha. ha. You stupid bitch. God. Fuck you! Nobody cares about your fat, little-- [sees FaceTime call from Dick] Ah. Oh no, not again! [accepts his call] Yes?"
Fort Collins,Dick,"Hey, Skankhunt, it's Dildo Shwaggins."
Fort Collins,Gerald,I told you to stop FaceTiming me while I'm on the computer. It's very distracting.
Fort Collins,Dick,"Well you haven't been answering my calls, so I know this is the only way I can only talk to my buddy."
Fort Collins,Gerald,I'm trying to just use the Internet! People should be able to use the Internet without being harassed.
Fort Collins,Dick,"[sighs] Oh, alright. Look, [grabs his guitar] I wrote a song about our friendship. Can I just play it for you?"
Fort Collins,Gerald,No!
Fort Collins,Dick,[sings badly while strumming his guitar] Two lone wolves on the plains of darkness. The Valkyrie flies from the wailing clouds. The last of the--
Fort Collins,Gerald,"[ends the call] Bye! Jesus, what is wrong with people?! [drinks wine] Huh. [keeps typing] Nobody cares about your fat sister with Lyme Disease, skank."
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Turner residence. Cartman, Heidi, and Kyle walk near Heidi's room. Heide blocks the door before they go in."
Fort Collins,Heidi,"'[To Kyle.]' This is gonna seem a little weird to you, okay?"
Fort Collins,Kyle,What is?
Fort Collins,Heidi,"Before I quit Twitter and threw my phone away, I was trying to prove who our school message board troll was."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Like you said what you would do, Kyle, except she actually meant it."
Fort Collins,Heidi,"Before I stopped searching, I learned something. [opens her door] Take a look."
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Cartman, Heidi, and Kyle enter Heidi's room. Kyle walks closer to Heidi's wall to his shock"
Fort Collins,Kyle,What is all this?
Fort Collins,Heidi,"To try and prove who the troll was, I started to for patterns in how students used emojis; then I crossed-referenced that with the troll's writing. I call it ""emoji analysis"". People can hide behind a fake name, but the way they use emojis gives them away."
Fort Collins,Kyle,"Wow, that's pretty smart."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"She's funny too, Kyle."
Fort Collins,Heidi,"After I had eliminated nearly every student, I have started to realize that the troll's emojis were more archaic and less elegant than the average kid's. That's when I realized it; whoever Skankhunt42 is on the school message boards, it isn't a student, it's an adult."
Fort Collins,Kyle,You mean like one of the teachers?
Fort Collins,Heidi,I think... it's one of the parents.
Fort Collins,Kyle,Are you sure?
Fort Collins,Heidi,"I had enough examples of the teachers' texts and emails to do an emoji analysis, they were much more in lines with Skankhunt's, but still not a match."
Fort Collins,Kyle,"Emoji analysis, it's genius!"
Fort Collins,Cartman,You're not giving her credit for being hilarious.
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Denmark. People are living their usual lives while some mourn at Freja Ollegard's grave. The setting moves to TrollTrace Headquarters.
Fort Collins,Danes,[sing] En junker red ved juletid Tjing tjang tjing nutillej Omkring ham dalet sneen hvid Tjing tjang tjing nutillej Han stred sig frem i regn og blæst Med et der segnede hans hest Tjing tjang lu Tjing tjang lu Tjing tjang tjing nutillej [stop singing]
Fort Collins,Dane 8,"[runs towards Bedrager] Sir, take a look at the [shows Bedrager analysis] statistical analysis. The servers are working."
Fort Collins,Bedrager,So then we don't need any more funding?
Fort Collins,Dane 9,"[walks to Bedrager] No, sir. Using Heidi's emoji analysis, we have the final piece of the puzzle."
Fort Collins,Dane 5,"So far we have narrowed down the location of the troll attack on Denmark. [walks to map of the U.S. with state of Colorado highlighted] It is a location in the middle of the United States: a place they call ""Colorido""."
Fort Collins,Bedrager,Colorido? That's a very goofy name.
Fort Collins,Dane 5,We believe that very soon the servers will give us the place in Colorido that the troll originated.
Fort Collins,Bedrager,"[walks closer to map] Hmm hmm. Go on and hide in your cave, little troll. Soon, everyone will know where you live."
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Marsh kitchen. Randy gazes the berry with electricity while its in pain.
Fort Collins,Randy,[stops putting in electricity] Damn it! [takes off flashlight] Nothing kills these things!
Fort Collins,Garrison,We have to keep trying. [walks to the jar and grabs it] Where did they go?
Fort Collins,Randy,"They're not in the jar? [turns around] That's it. Look, it's over."
Fort Collins,Garrison,"No, I'll go find more. [leaves kitchen]"
Fort Collins,Randy,"[follows Garrison] It's over! Don't you get it?! [walks closer to Garrison] Even if we've found a way to eradicate them now, we don't have time to implement it nation-wide."
Fort Collins,Garrison,Then how do we stop them from getting me elected President?
Fort Collins,Randy,"[walks away from Garrison] There's no other choice, Mr. Garrison. [stops walking] The American people have to be made to understand what's going on here. [turns around] You're gonna have to talk to them."
Fort Collins,Garrison,"[raises his hands near his head] No, no! I am done giving political speeches: I've tried being dirty, I tried being vulgar. [spreads his arm a little] Nothing matters!"
Fort Collins,Randy,"[walks closer to Garrison] For the first time ever, [stops walking] you're gonna have to speak from the heart: not make it about you."
Fort Collins,Garrison,Well that's just impossible.
Fort Collins,Randy,"You know what these things are capable of. Even if you lose the election, another one like you is gonna rise up and take your place. J.J. Abrams is seeing to that."
Fort Collins,Garrison,"[lays his hand on his face] Don't you get it, Randy? I'm not a politician. I never was."
Fort Collins,Randy,"All I know is that for the future of our country, you're gonna have to give one last speech: the speech that everyone needs to hear, a speech where you finally just talk like a normal human being."
Fort Collins,Garrison,Oooh geeeeez!
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, day. Kyle is at his desk working on math problems. His door is open and Cartman walks in."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Hey man, can we have a quick chin wiggle? Look, the other day when you said Heidi wasn't funny, that was pretty lame, man."
Fort Collins,Kyle,She wasn't being funny.
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Oh my God, will you let it go?! Why do you have to have this hangup against women?!"
Fort Collins,Kyle,I don't!
Fort Collins,Cartman,"You do, Kyle! You have to think about the things you say! They matter! [turns to leave]"
Fort Collins,Kyle,"Cartman, [leaves his chair] I did some research on the Danish Web site you've been helping out. You do realize that once TrollTrace is online, anybody can use it on anyone, right?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Yeah, to catch trolls."
Fort Collins,Kyle,"So somebody, like Heidi, could use it to see your entire Internet history. Everything you ever said and did on the Internet, even before you were together."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"[a look of fear crosses his face] Well, Heidi doesn't actually use the Internet. We've sworn off that stuff, so it's kewl."
Fort Collins,Kyle,"Right, but somebody, like me, could look up your entire Internet history, print it out, and give it to Heidi. I would imagine there's some things you've done or said on the Internet you wouldn't want Heidi to know about."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"[thinks for a moment] ...Uh oh. [the recent past flashes through his mind, stopping off at the moment he saw Heidi's vagina in his room with the lights out, then moving on to the day he saw Ghostbusters]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. Cartman and his mom leave the theater"
Fort Collins,Liane,"Did you like the movie, hon?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,"No, it sucked! I'm gonna send Butters an e-mail right now. [whips out his phone and types] ""Dude, don't bother with new Ghostbusters. Totally not funny. Chicks ruined it."" [puts the phone away] Can we get ice cream now? I wanna get the taste of ass out of my mouth. [fast forward to the present]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, present day"
Fort Collins,Cartman,How can they make what I said on the Internet available to the public? That's bullshit!
Fort Collins,Kyle,"It's available to everyone, stupid!"
Fort Collins,Cartman,I gotta go! [runs out]
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Randy's kitchen, night. The lights are out, only the moon shines in through the window above the sink."
Fort Collins,Unknown Memberberries,"Heehee, hurry! Come on, we have to hurry! Let's go."
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,"[rolls away from toaster] This way, this way! We have to go this way, 'member?"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,"[bounces away from toaster] Oh, I 'member!"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 3,"[rolls away from toaster] Come on, we have to hurry! [rolls while Berry 1 bounces]"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,[bounces away from toaster] 'Member Jabba the Hut? [bounces while following the others]
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,"Yeah! Come on Tubbs, you have to keep up! 'Member?! [rolls while following the others]"
Fort Collins,Tubbs,"[bounces while ] Hehe, sorry. I 'member."
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,"Okay, almost there."
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,[stops] 'Member the Battle of Endor?
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,Shh.
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,[talks softer] 'Member the Battle of Endor?
Fort Collins,Memberberry 3,[stops] Oh I 'member. [berries keep on moving].
Fort Collins,Tubbs,Hehehe. Are we almost there?
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,Shh.
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,"Come on, 'member?"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,Oh I 'member!
Fort Collins,Scene Description,The Broflovski residence. Dick rings the doorbell and Gerald answers.
Fort Collins,Dick,I miss my friend.
Fort Collins,Gerald,Oh you got to be--Are you joking?!
Fort Collins,Dick,"I don't know how things got derailed but, I-I'm sorry if I made you upset. I want to be buddies again."
Fort Collins,Gerald,Buddies like when? When were we buddies?
Fort Collins,Dick,"Come on, let's just have a couple of beers and do some trolling."
Fort Collins,Gerald,"I don't have time for you! I'm sorry, dude, but I have a life. I have a wife, and kids, [raises his arms] and shit to do!"
Fort Collins,Dick,Why are you mad at me'?
Fort Collins,Gerald,Because you won't go away and let me just have fun!
Fort Collins,Dick,I refuse to believe that Skankhunt is that shallow.
Fort Collins,Gerald,[turns to his side] Oh here we go!
Fort Collins,Dick,"When you Photoshopped penises in Kesha survivors' mouths, it's not just to make people laugh."
Fort Collins,Gerald,[faces Dick] Yes it is!
Fort Collins,Dick,"If someone Photoshopped a dick in your wife's mouth, would you just think it was funny?"
Fort Collins,Gerald,You mean my [shows his phone to Dick with image of Sheila Photoshopped] fucking screensaver.
Fort Collins,Dick,It's true. You're just an asshole. I thought you were the ultimate rebel. I actually looked up to you and you're nothing but a super... dick.
Fort Collins,Gerald,"And what are [points at Dick] you, Dildo Shwaggins? Huh? You think you're a fucking political activist hauled up in your shitty little midget condo. You're nothing but a pissed off little giant, lashing out at everyone because you can't get laid!"
Fort Collins,Dick,"At least I have a reason to be angry. What do you have, that it's funny? Hurting people is just worth the laughs?"
Fort Collins,Gerald,Stop trolling me.
Fort Collins,Dick,One day you're gonna wake up and realize that you don't have anyone either.
Fort Collins,Gerald,Stop fucking trolling me. [shuts the front door]
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"TrollTrace Headquarters. Dane 2 walks to Bedrager while singers sings ""Tjing Tjang Tjing""."
Fort Collins,Danes,Den jomfru sad i høje torn Tjing tjang tjing nutillej Og vendte ham som til forn Tjing tjang tjing nutillej
Fort Collins,Dane 2,We have it! We think we have it! [stops walking] The emoji analysis worked. We've found the IP address of the troll that trolled us.
Fort Collins,Bedrager,[turns around] Triangulate the servers.
Fort Collins,Scene Description,[servers triangulated an area on North Colorado]
Fort Collins,Bedrager,Focus everything on that area. It's time to see what these puppies can do.
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"Fort Collins, Colorado, MLKKK's house. MLKKK types at his computer and hears an air-raid siren and then turns on the TV."
Fort Collins,News Reporter,"Once again, if you live in the city of Fort Collins, there is a chance that all your emails and your entire Internet history has been made accessible to the public."
Fort Collins,MLKKK,[checks his neighbor who is seen running out of the house screaming]
Fort Collins,Fort Collins Citizen 1,"[exits the house] Who the fuck are these emails to, and what the, what the fuck is MarriedButHorny.com?! [throws the Mac at her husband]"
Fort Collins,MLKKK,[sees his phone and picks it up with caution] Hello?
Fort Collins,Unknown Caller,I know where you live now you son-a bitch.
Fort Collins,MLKKK,[throws his phone on his desk and runs away to his car where he drives]
Fort Collins,Fort Collins Citizen 2,I've been hacked! Help me I've been hacked!
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Everyone in Fort Collins is panicking.
Fort Collins,Fort Collins Citizen 3,They'll never forgive me! [jumps down from a high building]
Fort Collins,MLKKK,"[quickly presses the brake pedal, but crashes to the car in front of him. He leaves his car behind]"
Fort Collins,Fort Collins Citizen 4,[gets out of her car and clings onto him] They know everything I said about them! The club knows--
Fort Collins,MLKKK,"[pushes the woman] Get away from me! [runs away, but then gets stopped]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"From an alleyway, the back of a man holding a bucket is seen as he calls out to MLKKK"
Fort Collins,Unknown Caller,"Hello MLKKK! [the man is now visible and is accompanied by his disabled daughter] You called my daughter ""R2-D2"". You know how long I waited this day, you son-a bitch! [charges forward and throws the bucket's liquid content onto MLKKK. He then strikes a match and throws it onto MLKKK, immediately setting him on fire]"
Fort Collins,MLKKK,Ahhhh! [begins to run around and screams in pain as he is engulfed in flames]
Fort Collins,Unknown Caller's Daughter,"Is he burning, Pa?!"
Fort Collins,Unknown Caller,"He's burning bright, little girl."
Fort Collins,MLKKK,Ahhhh! [continues to run around and scream as father and daughter watch]
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"A highway. Evening. A toy car is driven with a few Memberries on them. The berries talked while the song ""Africa"" is played."
Fort Collins,Toto,[sings] It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do I bless the rains down in Africa Gonna take some time to do the things...
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,'Member which way we're going?
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,I 'member.
Fort Collins,Tubbs,"Hey hey, 'member the Ewok village?"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 3,Oh I 'member!
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,I 'member that!
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,"Oh sure, I 'member!"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,'Member 'member!
Fort Collins,Scene Description,[a knocking sound is heard from the trunk]
Fort Collins,Memberry 2,"Oh shit, hang on. [pulls the car over and stops the song]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,[the berries show left the car and opened the trunk to reveal a hostage berry]
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,"Hey you, shut the fuck up!"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,"Yeah, we're gonna kill you, 'member?"
Fort Collins,Mickey,"Oh, I 'member. [trunk gets shut]"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,"The Memberberries dance and talk while ""Africa"" is playing."
Fort Collins,Toto,It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
Fort Collins,Memberberry 3,"Oh, 'member this song?"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,"Sure, I 'member."
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,"I love this song, it was fanta'tic, 'member?"
Fort Collins,Unknown Memberberries,Oh I 'member. Oh I love it when you 'member! 'Member! 'Member?
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Gerald's work office. Gerald watches a live stream news report on his computer.
Fort Collins,News reporter,"Complete panic and mass-hysteria tonight as the City of Fort Collins has been hacked. [aerial footage of an interesection is shown, with burning cars and a bus smashed together while people run through the streets in panic]"
Fort Collins,Gerald,"Oh my god. Oh my god, they've done it."
Fort Collins,News reporter,"The Danish are taking complete credit for the cyber-attack, blaming its successfully exposed and notorious troll. [A black and white photo of MLKKK's with the caption ""MLKKK ANTHONY WEBSTER"" is shown] The man has been identified as the Internet troll MLKKK, [the original photo moves to the side and a phtoto of MLKKK running while engulfed in flames as the unknown caller and his daughter look on is now shown] and was burned alive by one of his apparent victims."
Fort Collins,Gerald,Ah!
Fort Collins,News reporter,"The Danish claimed this was only a beta-test and soon the servers will be available worldwide. [turns his head to his left] Wait, so like they'll be releasing everyone's Internet history? Uh, I gotta go. [runs away]"
Fort Collins,Gerald,"No! No no no no no! [FaceTimes Dick] Dildo, they done it! The Danish figured out how to hack everyone's Internet history!"
Fort Collins,Dick,[ends the call]
Fort Collins,Gerald,Ahhh!
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Mars in Cartman's fantasy. There's a severe dust storm.
Fort Collins,Cartman,"Not kewl! Not kewl! [holds onto a rock and sees someone caught in the storm, flying away] Not kewl! [tries to walk to the station]"
Fort Collins,Unnamed character 3,[holds onto a station] Wait!
Fort Collins,Unnamed character 1,Have fun! [gets blown away by storm]
Fort Collins,Scene Description,[roler coaster gets damaged]
Fort Collins,Cartman,It's all falling apart! Weak!
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Cartman's room. Heidi notices Cartman is worried.
Fort Collins,Heidi,"What is it, Eric? What's wrong?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,"I-I, I don't know."
Fort Collins,Heidi,"Come on. We don't keep secrets, remember?"
Fort Collins,Cartman,It's just hard.
Fort Collins,Heidi,"You said you wanted to be perfectly honest with me, always."
Fort Collins,Cartman,"And I do. [breathes heavily] This one time, [wipes his nose] I think it was over the summer I went to see the new Ghostbusters movie."
Fort Collins,Heidi,Yeah.
Fort Collins,Cartman,"And, and during the movie I was like ""Wait, where is my phone?"" and I couldn't find it; and then Jimmy said ""Ha ha ha, screw you, Cartman,"" and he was holding my phone and he ran off with it and said, ""I gonna send a bunch of texts and emails from your phone so that everyone thinks it's from you,""; and I was like ""No, that's not cool!"" and he said ""Yeah,"" and he said a bunch of mean stuff before I went to go get him and I took my phone back; and I'm just worried th-that people look at my Internet history, they're gonna think all that stuff came from me!"
Fort Collins,Heidi,"Well I'm glad you told me, 'cause now I know."
Fort Collins,Cartman,So you totally believe me?
Fort Collins,Heidi,"Of course. [Cartman and her touch hands] You've never given me a reason not to believe you, babe."
Fort Collins,Cartman (fantasy),[sees Mars restored] Kewl! [leaps]
Fort Collins,Heidi,"You have no reason to worry. People will know it wasn't you. With emoji analysis, everyone will be able to tell exactly where any comments came from."
Fort Collins,Cartman (fantasy),"[holds onto a rock, noticing a severe dust storm] Ugh! No, [lets go of the rock] nooo!"
Fort Collins,Scene Description,A campaign. Mr. Garrison gives a speech.
Fort Collins,Garrison,"My fellow Americans, we live in an un-presented time of uncertainty. I want to speak to you human-to-human because with God's grace, this will be the last time you ever hear from me. When I started this campaign I was saying a lot of shit because I was angry, [Gerald is seen in a bar, worried] and then I turned that anger into pushing buttons by more and more outrageous. Slowly, people started paying attention to me and I guess it made me feel powerful. Well now the chickens have come home to roost. [Kyle, Ike, and Sheila are seen having dinner in their home] Sooner or later, we all get exposed. [Gerald sees his family having dinner] We're all held accountable for what we say, what we do. [Garrison is seen again] There is only one thing that matters now. On November eighth, you must vote against me, and show the world that you didn't think the new Star Wars was all that good. When you're in that voting booth, remember that every vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote that shows the world we agree that The Force Awakens was more like a happy day reunion's special than a movie. The choice is yours, America. Please make the right one."
Fort Collins,Scene Description,Clinton's office. Two FBI agents enter.
Fort Collins,FBI agent 1,"The Danish claim they will soon have the ablity to publish anyone's Internet history. We have to act fast, Mrs. Sandwich."
Fort Collins,Clinton,I'll have you treat me with more respect. Haven't you seen the polls? It's president elects Sandwich.
Fort Collins,FBI agent 1,We may not want to get too far ahead ourselves. [takes out a file of Skankhunt42 from envelope] TrollTrace must be stopped. [gives file to Clinton]
Fort Collins,Clinton,Who is Skankhunt42?
Fort Collins,FBI agent 1,We believe he's the only one who can save you now.
Fort Collins,Scene Description,A restaurant. The memberberries are together.
Fort Collins,Memberberry 1,Here we are. We made it.
Fort Collins,Tubbs,We did?
Fort Collins,Memberberry 2,"Yeah, we have to go with Plan B, 'member?"
Fort Collins,Memberberry 3,"Ooh, I 'member."
Fort Collins,Memberberry 4,"[talks to Hostage Berry] Sorry asshole, end of the line for you."
Fort Collins,Mickey,"That's okay, I 'member. [gets pushed into a drink]"
Fort Collins,Waiter,"[grabs the drink and brings it to a table] Here you are, ma'am, gin and tonic."
Fort Collins,Caitlyn,[grabs drink] Thanks.
Fort Collins,Waiter,"Should be an interesting election this year, huh?"
Fort Collins,Caitlyn,"[takes a sip] Buckle up, buckaroos."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"South Park Community Center, night. The 2016 Presidential Election Night Viewing Party is over. Hillary's campaign poster is seen on an exterior wall. One man is passed out on the lawn off to the right with a bottle of beer nearby, another man throws up after walking out the doors. Most everyone there is either tired or disappointed. Inside, there are a few more people watching the results"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Keegan,"And uh, definitely a bit of a surprise here. Looks like America has voted for a change of pace. The world is in a bit of a shock, uh... Is this? We're, we're for sure this is for real, right?"
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"What have you done?! You maniacs! [a man seated near the entrance pulls a gun out his back pocket and shoots himself in the head, falling off the chair.]"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Keegan,"We uh... I guess we're going live to the acceptance speech now? Uhh okay, here we go."
"Oh, Jeez",President Elect Douche,"[with Caitlyn beside him] The people have spoken. Just as J.J. Abrams did with Star Wars, I will make this country great again."
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,This isn't how it was supposed to happen.
"Oh, Jeez",President Elect Douche,"All my efforts this past week have paid off. And now, let's begin... fucking them all to death!"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Cartman is at his front door knocking. Butters answers it"
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"Hey hey Butters, can I talk to you?"
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,What do you want?!
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"[walks in] Do you remember an e-mail I sent to you a few months ago, after I saw the new Ghostbusters movie? In which I might have said something to the effect of it totally sucking balls because women aren't funny?"
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,"Well I don't know, Eric."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"I just need to see exactly what I e-mailed you, Butters. And then I need you to e-mail me saying what an awesome prank that was e-mailing you ""Ghostbusters sucked balls"" when actually I told you it was really funny several times in person."
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,NO! I'm not doing anything for you! You're a traitor!
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,A traitor?
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,"Yeah! Boys and girls were at war, but you go and kiss your little girlfriend's ass! Whatever happened to sticking with your kind?!"
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,Sticking with my kind? You guys broke all my stuff!
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,"Because girls drove us to break all your stuff, dumbass! If anyone should be pissed at chicks, it should be you! But no, you got your bitchy little girlfriend pullin' your strings now!"
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"Please do not call her that, Butters. I really like her."
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,"Oh God, listen to you! [mimics his last sentence] ""Please don't call her that I really like her."" You've changed, Eric! You've really changed! Now get the fuck out of my house! [Cartman is taken back, but closes his mouth and walks out the door. Butters slams it closed behind him]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,Channel 9 News. A reporter stands near some scaffolding around a newly-walled city
"Oh, Jeez",Tom,"A historic election, and all the votes are in. Except of course in the city of Fort Collins, Colorado. It's been several days now since Fort Collins was hacked. Everyone's e-mails and Internet history became accessible to the public after being targeted by the Danish Trolltrace program. According to our eye in the sky, their votes will not be tallied anytime soon."
"Oh, Jeez",Eye in the sky,"It's complete bedlam inside the city limits, Chris. [traffic accidents at every intersection, a broken fire hydrant spewing a geyser of water, three giraffes running through the streets...] Since the city was hacked there have been murder, suicide, and complete lack of civility. We also understand that nearly everyone within Fort Collins who was married is now divorced. Back to you, Tom."
"Oh, Jeez",Tom,"This barricade behind me was put up not only to make sure nobody goes into Fort Collins, but also to make sure nobody gets out, since there's no telling whose Internet histories they've seen"
"Oh, Jeez",Dangling Man,[at the top of the barricade] Please! [Tom glances at him and the camera zooms in] My wife is so pissed at me! [a bullet strikes him from the air and he falls to his death several stories down.] Guh!
"Oh, Jeez",Tom,"[faces the camera] The defiant Danish company is still declaring Trolltrace a success, and claims that it will be available worldwide at any moment."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"South Park, night. A helicopter flies over the kids' neighborhood and a camera on the chopper scans the area. A night sun comes on and focuses on a house. It's Gerald's house - he looks out a living room window and panics"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Oh God... [he looks up at the sky and sees the helicopter] Oh God! [he goes outside for a better look. Two government vehicles pull up right away and agents pour out of them]
"Oh, Jeez",Lead agent,"We have him. The subject is home. [Gerald looks around, then runs inside and closes the door]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,Inside the Broflovski house. Gerald runs past the stairs as Kyle and Ike come down to see what's going on.
"Oh, Jeez",Kyle,"Dad, what the?"
"Oh, Jeez",Ike,"What's goin' on, Dad? [Sheila comes out of the kitchen]"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"[runs up to her] They're coming for me, Sheila! They know everything!"
"Oh, Jeez",Sheila,About what??
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Everything I did online! It's over!
"Oh, Jeez",Lead agent,"Sir, if you'll come with us?"
"Oh, Jeez",Agent 2,We need to speak with you?
"Oh, Jeez",Sheila,[shields him] You people really have nothing better to do?! What he did online is his business! Or maybe it's me. Maybe I'm the one that likes being peed on and I sucked him into it. Did you know that urine is 100% sterile?! How dare you burst into our home! [a shot of Ike and Kyle looking confused]
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Sheila!
"Oh, Jeez",Sheila,Urologia has been around since the time of the Greeks!
"Oh, Jeez",Agent 2,Sir. Please come with us now. [Gerald walks towards them]
"Oh, Jeez",Sheila,"Gerald, you don't have to listen to them."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"I'm sorry, Sheila. Please know that I love you so much. Goodbye Kyle, Ike. [all three look on helplessly]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Neighborhood park, night, the bench. Heidi and Cartman are there again. They're wearing Beauty and Beast shirts, respectively. Cartman looks helpless"
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"I can't believe it, babe. I really didn't think things would end up like this."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,Yeah. Neither did I.
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"I just... feel so disconnected from the world, you know? I really thought this was gonna be the moment that proved girls could do anything, like you always say."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,You can't stop believing that. Now more than ever you have to stay strong.
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,I'm just glad I have you. At least I know you believe girls are smart.
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"You are smart, Heidi."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"And funny too, right? You're always saying how people need to get over that girls are funny."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"[getting emotional] You're funny. Oh my God, when Amy Schumer talks about her vagina I seriously lose my shit."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"Hey, are you okay? This election really got to you too, huh?"
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"Yes, Heidi. For the first time I'm really scared for the future."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"Me too, babe. [scoots in and rests her head on his shoulder] Me too."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Freemont Bridge, night. One of the government vehicles stops at one end of it and the agents take Gerald out of it."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Where are you taking me? [the agents take him down the riverbank to the riverbed] Wait! Please, there's been a mistake! Someone set me up! I'm not Skankhunt42! [the agents take him to a shadowy figure under the bridge] Dildo?"
"Oh, Jeez",Hillary Clinton,[comes out of the shadows] Hello. Mr. Cunt.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Turd Sandwich... I don't understand.
"Oh, Jeez",Hillary Clinton,"Things... have not turned out the way they were supposed to. This election was stolen. And while this government is still in power, we have to prove it. We've come to ask for your help."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,My help?
"Oh, Jeez",Hillary Clinton,"Leave us. [the agents leave and head up the riverbank] As I understand, there's quite a lot you've done online you don't wanna have come out. But I also understand you weren't trying to get a woman to kill herself. You were just being funny."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Exactly!
"Oh, Jeez",Hillary Clinton,The Trolltrace program is the most sophisticated of its kind. The government has only a few short weeks to try and use that technology to stop the President-elect from taking office.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,What do you want me to do?
"Oh, Jeez",Hillary Clinton,You've proven one thing: that you have the ability to pretend to be someone you're not. We wanna send someone into Denmark undercover and steal their technology.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,You mean like... like James Bond? [looking hopeful]
"Oh, Jeez",Hillary Clinton,"Totally like James Bond. You and I need each other, Skank. What do you say?"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's house. Randy knocks on the front door repeatedly
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"Garrison! Garrison, what the fuck have you done?! [Caitlyn answers the door] Where is he?!"
"Oh, Jeez",Caitlyn,He's resting. He's had a busy week.
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,[goes inside] Yeah I'll say he has! [sees him on the sofa and walks up to him] Do you have any idea what you've done to our country?!
"Oh, Jeez",Garrison,Yeah. Fuck them all.
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"You admitted you didn't know how to run a country! You agree people were supporting you just because they like the new Star Wars, and you begged me to help you lose!"
"Oh, Jeez",Garrison,I changed my mind. The new Star Wars was actually really good.
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,No it wasn't!! Something else has to have happened!!
"Oh, Jeez",Caitlyn,Maybe some people enjoy nostalgia and going back to what feels comfortable.
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"There's nothing great about rehashing all the old Star Wars moments into a new- [Caitlyn vomits out a gusher of member berry juice.] Ah! Aaah! Aaaaaah! [bits of member berries are on Randy's face] Aaah. [member berry voices are heard] I, I suppose... I suppose I can watch it one more time. Give it another chance."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,Turd Sandwich's office
"Oh, Jeez",Agent 2,[hands him a dossier] You're flying to Denmark under the guise of being a foreign ambassador. The Danish think you want to help them. Here's your fake passport and here are your nifty camera glasses. [the lead agent hands those over to Gerald]
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Wow...
"Oh, Jeez",Agent 3,"Once inside the Trolltrace building, you will plant this. [the fourth agent walks forward with a briefcase] Looks like an ordinary briefcase, but at exactly 9:30 Danish standard time. the case will open, detonating an EMP device that will take out their entire facility."
"Oh, Jeez",Agent 2,"It'll fry all their equipment, servers, and backup computers. After it detonates we'll be on the roof to pick you up."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,[smiles] And then everything can go back to normal.
"Oh, Jeez",Lead agent,"One last thing: to pass yourself off as the ambassador, you have to pretend to be from the Turkish Islands. Are you any good at... changing your voice?"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"That depends. Are you asking me? Or are you asking... [does his first impersonation] me, Andy the drunk sheriff? *hic* [next impersonation] Or me, the old Irish dart player? [third impersonation - Peter Griffin] Or me, from Family Guy? [fourth impersonation - Stewie Griffin] Or me, from Family Guy? [fifth impersonation - Chris Griffin] Or me, from Family Guy? [The lead agent and agent 2 give him thumbs up]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Ike's room, day. Ike is playing Minecraft when he gets a FaceTime call - it's his father."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Hi Ike, it's Daddy. Everything OK there? [Ike look around] Listen, buddy, you remember how we talked about trolling and just between us guys we agreed it was pretty funny? [Kyle walks by Ike's room, hears Gerald's voice and stops to look inside] Well it turns out that even the-"
"Oh, Jeez",Kyle,Dad! [runs into Ike's room] Where are you?
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Oh, hey Kyle."
"Oh, Jeez",Kyle,"Dad, what's going on? Mom is freaking out."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Tell your mom everything's fine, okay? I'm helping out the government. It's top-secret stuff, but everything's finally gonna be okay."
"Oh, Jeez",Kyle,"No, Dad, I need you back home. Please, I-I'm so confused right now."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Kyle, you've gotta lighten the fuck up, buddy. Every day with you it's ""Dad, I feel guilty about this. Dad, I'm so confused about that."" You're a kid. You're supposed to just laugh and make fun of shit. [smiles] Stop being such a pussy, okay pal? Fuck. [hangs up, leaving Kyle a bit stunned]"
"Oh, Jeez",Ike,Daddy called you a pussy.
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,South Park Elementary gymnasium. PC Principal stands before a big screen with speakers on either side
"Oh, Jeez",PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. I know that many of us were shocked to the core with last night's election. But we cannot allow our school to be any further divided. It is time to try and start the healing process, and so here, to try and help us heal, is Bill Clinton. [claps. He's the only one to do so. Bill Clinton steps out from behind the screen]"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Hi kids. I'm Bill Clinton, and I was almost the first gentleman in America. Thank you. Even though we might have lost the election, it doesn't mean that my work to be a gentleman is goin' to stop. I'm gonna ask all you boys to agree to join Bill Clinton's Gentleman Club. [its logo shows up on screen] But I can't do it alone. Sometimes, I wish there were two of me. Oh wait, there are. Oh Bill!"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,"Yes, Bill?"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,Come on out here.
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,"Hello, boys and girls."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,I'm Bill
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,And I'm Bill
"Oh, Jeez",Bill & Bill,And together we're Bill and Bill Two birds of a feather comin' to your school Gonna show you all about what gentlemen do. When you're not quite sure how you feel Ask Bill and Bill.
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Say, Bill?"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,"Yes, Bill?"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,Would you like to join my gentlemen's club?
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,"You know I would, Bill."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Heidi's room, day. She's writing some stuff down when Cartman enters her room."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,Heidi? Heidi!
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,Hey babe. What's the matter?
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"Sorry, I have to talk to you. It's really important."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,Okay.
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"Heidi, we... have to get to Mars."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"I know, babe. You've talked about how humankind needs to get to Mars for a few weeks now."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"No, Heidi, we have to get to Mars like, now. [walks around a bit] I've seen what's gonna happen when Trolltrace goes online. I think... a lot of people have said and done things online that will make a lot of other people angry and, it's going to be very bad. Humankind is going to destroy itself and its only hope are the people who go to Mars, where there's no wifi. So nobody can see what anybody said or did on the Internet, ever."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"Babe, there's no way to get to Mars right now."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"Yes. [walks up to hold her hand] Heidi, I think there is. But you have to totally trust me, and know that I'm doing this to save... us."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,I trust you with everything I have.
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,That's kewl.
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Copenhagen, day. ""Tjing Tjang Tjing"" plays. The arrivals area is shown, and Gerald descends on an escalator. The music switches to an action-paced score."
"Oh, Jeez",Ticket agent,"Your name, please?"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Miller. Von Miller. [adjusts his cuff links] I'm the ambassador of technology from the Turkish Islands.
"Oh, Jeez",Ticket agent,"Oh yes of course, Ambassador Miller. You're here to support our country's-a Trolltrace program, yes?"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,That's right.
"Oh, Jeez",Ticket agent,"Your escort is-a right over there. [points to her left. Dane 5 waits at the exit holding a welcome sign up: ""AMBASSADOR VON MILLER""]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"A Trolltrace vehicle. Dane 2 is driving, Dane 5 is in the passenger seat, and Gerald is in the back seat."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Nice little country you have here. Really clean.
"Oh, Jeez",Dane 5,"Yes, ambassador. Denmark is ranked the nicest place to live in all the world almost every year. [the car stops at the Trolltrace entrance and the occupants step out] This is it, ambassador. All of Trolltrace is housed in this building."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Mhm. [takes a picture. They go inside and Gerald looks around the lobby] Wow, this is really impressive. [takes a few more pictures]"
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart Bedrager,"[appears] Thank you for coming. [Gerald turns around] Welcome to Trolltrace. I cannot tell you how much I've been looking forward to your visit, [somewhat ominously] Ambassador Von Miller. We have so much to talk about. Won't you join me upstairs for frikadellers and leverpostejs?"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,A table at a restaurant. Stan is in a chair.
"Oh, Jeez",Stan,"I can't imagine how you're feeling right now. I know that the election didn't go the way you'd hoped. What I want to say is, I'm sorry. [Wendy is shown facing him across the table] I know that girls have gone through a lot lately, and I just want you to know that... I'm here for you."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Okay, okay, that's good, but now, make sure she knows how you're gonna change."
"Oh, Jeez",Stan,"I am gonna change. I, I am."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,Whether she takes you back or not.
"Oh, Jeez",Stan,"Yeah well, but I, but I want her to take me back."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,"[pops into view as he leans back on his chair] Yeah, but if you're just changin' to get her back, then you're bein' selfish again."
"Oh, Jeez",Stan,"Okay, look. The bottom line is, you still have to have faith... in boys, because... because I miss you, Wendy. [some knocking nearby. Stan and Wendy look in the direction of the knocking]"
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,"Traitor! [Stan, Wendy, and Bill Clinton see him outside with four other boys - Craig, Clyde, Tweek, and Francis] Fuck you, Stan! You're a traitor! [drops his pants to show his wiener and puts his fist high up in the air]"
"Oh, Jeez",Stan,Go away Butters! [Cosby leans back to see what's going on]
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,Who's that?
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,How dare you be ashamed of who you are?! [steps forward and presses his wiener onto the window]
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Cosby,"Oh, he's pressin' pickle!"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Trolltrace building, boardroom. Gerald and Lennart enjoy a meal, surrounded by servers outside the room."
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,Enjoying the frikadellers?
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Oh. Yes, they're nice."
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,And the leverpostejs are seasoned to your liking?
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Ah, I wouldn't know. Ha, haha."
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,"You keep-a checking your watch, Ambassador Von Miller. Are you late for something?"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"No, no I, I-I'm just anxious to get a look at your servers. They must be quite impressive."
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,Yes. Well a database that can identify everybody's Internet activity is-a very complex. I'm so pleased you want to help us rid the world of-a trolls. Do you happen to recognize... [clicks on a remote controller and a black and white picture of Freja Ollegard appears onscreen] this woman?
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,Ahhh... no.
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,"Her name was-a Freja Ollegard. She was Denmark's-a national treasure. [pours himself some Gold Top wine] She had an amazing breast-cancer awareness website, and some... troll... decided to Photoshop-a wieners in her mouth. [Gerald stifles a laugh by putting a napkin over his mouth]"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Oh, wow. That's terrible."
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,"Her final straw was when she was trolled on a live TV show. [pours some more wine into a second glass] When the troll posted comments about-a breast cancer with-a fake doctors' names. Would you like to know what the doctors' names were? The first one was a Dr. Boobsoff. Dr. Cootsier Boobsoff. [Gerald stifles a second laugh] Then I believe there was a Dr. Juerdior Titsgo. [Gerald stifles a third laugh] But probably most insensitive of all was when the troll said he was Dr. Ipples. Dr. Now I'm Only-n Ipples. [Gerald stifles a fourth laugh, but it's getting harder and harder to do so. Lennart notices and gets in his face] Are you alright, Von Miller?!"
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"I'm fine. I... I think the frikadellers gave me a little heartburn. Ah, if you wouldn't mind, could I see the servers now?"
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,It would be my pleasure.
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"The Stotch house, night. The doorbell rings and Stephen answers it."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Hello, I'm Bill Clinton, and I was almost the First Gentleman in America."
"Oh, Jeez",Stephen,"Oh my gosh! Honey, it's the nearly-Gentleman!"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,May I come into your lovely home?
"Oh, Jeez",Stephen,"Well of course, that's very gentlemanly of you. [Clinton enters]"
"Oh, Jeez",Linda,"Oh my goodness, it's him. Hello, sir."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Hello, ma'am. I wasn't expecting someone so stunning. [takes her right hand and kisses it] I'm so sorry for the intrusion, but I was wondering if I could speak with your son."
"Oh, Jeez",Stephen,"Oh. Well, I'm afraid Butters is grounded for pressing pickle at the nail salon again."
"Oh, Jeez",Linda,"Stephen, this is a guest, a gentleman."
"Oh, Jeez",Stephen,"Uh but, but of course we'll make an exception. [takes Clinton upstairs and to Butters' door] Butters has been grounded quite a lot lately. Don't know what's gotten into him. [unlocks the seven locks and latches used to keep Butters in his room]"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Well, maybe I can help."
"Oh, Jeez",Stephen,"That'd be great. No matter how hard we ground him, he remains defiant. [finally opens the bedroom door. Butters is standing on his bed looking out the window, with his wiener out] Butters, stop smooshing snake! The gentleman is here to speak with you."
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,[over his shoulder] What?
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Hello, young man. Come on, sit down. Let's talk."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time. The family is eating dinner, but Stan is missing and Randy is still under the influence of member berry juice."
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"Well, I don't know about you guys, but I sure am excited. America is going to be great again. Aren't you excited, gang?"
"Oh, Jeez",Shelly,"No I'm not excited! It sucks, Dad! This country is gonna suck for four years!"
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"Aww, come on, Shelly. We've learned that women can be anything. Except for President."
"Oh, Jeez",Sharon,Randy! You just spent the last month convincing me that the only reason people wanted to go back was because of a childish nostalgia they all had for the new Star Wars!
"Oh, Jeez",Randy,"Have you really watched it, Sharon? It has more to offer than just nostalgia. Let's all watch it again tonight."
"Oh, Jeez",Sharon,What?! I don't wanna watch Star Wars any more than I- [Randy vomits member berry juice on her]
"Oh, Jeez",Shelly,"Dad, what the hell is wrong with y- [Randy vomits member berry juice on her]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Trolltrace headquarters, day. Lennart Bedrager opens the server vault."
"Oh, Jeez",Lennart,"Please, ambassador, explore the servers at your leisure. Let us know if you have any questions."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Thank you. [the Danes leave, and Gerald goes into spy mode, entering the vault and locking it. He takes pictures every few steps and passes by Dick unaware]"
"Oh, Jeez",Dick,You can stop being an idiot now.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,[notices him] What the-? Dildo?
"Oh, Jeez",Dick,Skankhunt.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,What the fuck are you doing here?
"Oh, Jeez",Dick,I was sent here by the government to do international espionage like James Bond.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"Nononononono, that's what I'm doing. Hillary Clinton says I was the only one capable of-"
"Oh, Jeez",Dick,"Of being smart and funny enough to pull it off. Yeah, that's what she told all of us."
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,All of us? Who? [Dick looks to his left and Gerald follows his gaze. The other trolls in their group are there with their own briefcases]
"Oh, Jeez",Anonymous 821,Hey Skankhunt.
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,What the hell is going on?
"Oh, Jeez",Dick,Don't you get it? The government made some kind of deal with the Danish. They handed us over so they wouldn't go forward with their Trolltrace program. They wanted the troll who killed Freja Ollegard and his associates. We got sold out because of you!
"Oh, Jeez",Gerald,"No! [runs to the vault door] No, you've got to let me out of here! I'm not one of them! [pounds on the door in vain. The briefcases begin to beep]"
"Oh, Jeez",Anonymous 821,"[notices] Hey look, it's 9:30. The briefcases are about to go off. [When the briefcases pop open, they prepare to die, but they get rickrolled instead.]"
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"Butters' room, night. Bill Clinton is still talking to Butters, who's still mad. They sit side by side on Butters' bed."
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"What do you think you're gonna achieve, young man? Do you really think all this pickle-pressing is gonna get you anywhere?"
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,"Well, I'm just angry, Mr. Gentleman. I'm tired of girls saying boys need to change. Somebody has to stand up for our rights!"
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"What happened, son? Did a girl break your heart?"
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,[suddenly tears up] No.
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"I know. I know how hard they can be. But... somethin's about to happen that you aren't aware of. [stands up and walks off a bit] You see, Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. And trust me, my wife is a crazy bitch. She and all the other women in the world are about to get payback. And we are all completely fucked. It's my fault, really. I've done things my whole life that gradually broke her spirit. And now that she's lost everything, let me assure you: she is piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissed. [walks back to the bed and sits down] Now, our only chance is to keep our heads low and act like we're changed men. Because, we're very close to the end."
"Oh, Jeez",Butters,The end? Of what?
"Oh, Jeez",Bill Clinton,"Women are sick of our shit, son. And soon, they're gonna know everything we've said and done online. And unless we start kissin' their asses, we're all gonna be put in a big chamber underground and milked for our semen."
"Oh, Jeez",Scene Description,"A hill in Hawthorne, California. Cartman and Heidi make their way to its crest."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,"Eric, we're so far from home."
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,"We aren't gonna see home again, babe. We're gonna make it. There's no turning back."
"Oh, Jeez",Heidi,You really think there's hope?
"Oh, Jeez",Cartman,Yes. I do. [before them is SpaceX]
Members Only,Scene Description,Tom's Rhinoplasty. A government agent speaks with Bannon.
Members Only,Government agent,"The political world is watching, Bannon. [gives Bannon a file] We need to make sure the president elect has a smooth transition."
Members Only,Bannon,All indications are that his transition [flips a page] is going to be fine.
Members Only,Surgeon,"[walks by] We're just doing some finishing touches, but everything went well. You can see him now if you like."
Members Only,Caitlyn,I'll go.
Members Only,Scene Description,"Caitlyn walks into a technologically advanced room where Garrison is seen having a blond, push-back wig put on his head by a mechanical arm."
Members Only,Garrison,"[talks with Caitlyn] Well, do I look presidential?"
Members Only,Caitlyn,"Honestly, you look twenty years younger."
Members Only,Garrison,"They really worked on my stank face. Look! Whenever I don't know what people are talking about, I just do this, [lowers his body] like look. [shows his stank face] I can do this. [shows his stank face again] This is, this is my stank face. [shows a different stank face] It's like, I'm not listening to you, see? [shows his other stank face] They did a really good job on my stank lips."
Members Only,Caitlyn,It's an amazing transition.
Members Only,Garrison,"Now I feel ready to take care of business and do what really matters... [sits up straight] in just a minute, I'm gonna do the UV rays a bit longer."
Members Only,Scene Description,[the machine closes enseals Garrison]
Members Only,Scene Description,SpaceX. Cartman and Heidi walk to the desk.
Members Only,Secretary,Can I help you?
Members Only,Cartman,"Hello. I understand that you're trying to get to Mars. This is my girlfriend, Heidi. She's really smart and really funny."
Members Only,Secretary,...Okay.
Members Only,Cartman,We've given up social media and we'd like to be somewhere as far from the internet as possible. Is it true Mars would have really shitty Wi-Fi?
Members Only,Secretary,"...That'd be an understatement, yes."
Members Only,Cartman,"Well, we'd like to go. We can't tolerate this world anymore and we'd like to talk to whoever we can about getting to Mars as soon as possible please."
Members Only,Secretary,Uh-huh. Take a number and join the others.
Members Only,Cartman,What others?
Members Only,Scene Description,"[Cartman, Heidi, and the secretary turn their heads see a bunch of other people waiting, including Cher singing]"
Members Only,Cher,[garbled and auto-tuned] If I could turn back time...
Members Only,Cartman,"What the fuck, dude?!"
Members Only,Secretary,Lot of people want to leave the planet right now.
Members Only,Cartman,"Ah god dammit, is that Cher?!"
Members Only,Cher,"[garbled and auto-tuned] Do you believe in leaving the world, oh..."
Members Only,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, principal's office."
Members Only,PC Principal,God [knocks down papers] dammit! [knocks down lamp] How the fuck did this happen?!
Members Only,Mackey,"[knocks the door and opens it] Uh, sorry PC Principal, but someone wants to speak with you."
Members Only,PC Principal,"I told you to leave me alone, Mackey! [slams fist on the desk] I'm not in the mood!"
Members Only,Mackey,"But, but sir, the president elect is here. [moves away from Garrison]"
Members Only,Garrison,"[enters the office with two Secret Service agents following him] So sorry for the intrusion. You're not too busy, I hope."
Members Only,PC Principal,"Uh, not at all. Please uh, have a seat, Mr. Garrison."
Members Only,Garrison,Excuse me?
Members Only,PC Principal,"Uh, please have a seat, Mr... President."
Members Only,Garrison,"That's better, bitch. [sits down and takes out a piece of gum]"
Members Only,PC Principal,"Certainly want to uh, congratulate you on the election."
Members Only,Garrison,"Do you remember the day you fired me, PC Principal?"
Members Only,PC Principal,"I know we've had some differences, uh..."
Members Only,Garrison,"I was upset because a bunch of immigrants were changing my class and I believe your response was that I needed to go and ""learn their language"", ""be more open-minded""."
Members Only,PC Principal,I'm sorry that your position here at the school was terminated.
Members Only,Garrison,"Are you really? [makes stank face] Are you really sorry? [makes different stank face] Because you see PC Principal, you helped create me. You insisted that I was a bigot, that I was an intolerant relic left over from another time. But now, I'm your president. And if there's one thing I've learned about becoming president, it's that your penis can get really dry. When all the skin on your penis is drying out from working so hard to get elected there's only one thing that can fix it, isn't there? Saliva, from a good friend who once doubted you. I need you to fix my problem, PC Principal, so that we can be even-stevens. What do you say, bud?"
Members Only,PC Principal,[is in complete shock]
Members Only,Scene Description,Outside of unknown club. Two people got out of the club. The berries head to a tiny door.
Members Only,Unknown berries,"Oh, 'member when it fell in her drink. Yeah, I 'member."
Members Only,Memberberry 1,'Member when Han shot Greedo?
Members Only,Memberberry 2,"Sure, I 'member Greedo."
Members Only,Tubbs,"Ha, I 'member Greedo."
Members Only,Memberberry 3,'Member?
Members Only,Memberberry 1,[knocks at the small door]
Members Only,Guard Berry,"[opens small window] What's the password, 'member?"
Members Only,Memberberry 3,"Yeah, I 'member."
Members Only,Memberberry 1,You 'member?
Members Only,Guard Berry,"I 'member. [opens the door, lets the berries in, and then closes the door immediately]"
Members Only,Scene Description,"Inside a Memberberry bar. Random berries keep on saying ""'Member""."
Members Only,Memberberry 1,"Ha ha, 'member this place? [hops away]"
Members Only,Memberberry 2,"Sure, I 'member. [rolls away]"
Members Only,Memberberry 4,[hops away] 'Member the Tantive IV?
Members Only,Memberberry 1,"Oh, I love that ship. [stops moving]"
Members Only,Memberberry 3,"[goes with the other berries and talks to an old berry] Hi, it's us, 'member?!"
Members Only,Don,"Ah sure, I 'member."
Members Only,Memberberry 4,"We did the thing with throwing Mickey in the drink, 'member?!"
Members Only,Don,"Ah sure, I 'member; just 'cause of youse, we won the election."
Members Only,Tubbs,"Yeah yeah, 'member?"
Members Only,Don,"Waiter, round of drinks for our heroes here, 'member?"
Members Only,Waiter Berry,I 'member.
Members Only,Don,"You done good poisoning the lady's drink. Now our man is in office, 'member? But I still have things I need you to do."
Members Only,Tubbs,"Hehe, hehe, I 'member."
Members Only,Scene Description,TrollTrace Headquarters: vault. Gerald repeatedly knocks on the exit door with all his might.
Members Only,Gerald,"Please, you have to let me outta here!"
Members Only,Dick,"Skankhunt, stop!"
Members Only,Bedrager,"[talks from above] Yes, please. You're making a very jackass of-a yourself."
Members Only,Gerald,[walks to see Bedrager's face]
Members Only,Bedrager,"Well well, what do we have here? Looks like your little troll-party."
Members Only,Troll 4,"You Danish pricks, you tricked us!"
Members Only,Bedrager,"We didn't trick you, your own government did. They thought if they handed you over to us we would agree not to go forward with the TrollTrace program."
Members Only,Gerald,You can't hold people prisoner! I haven't done anything! People are gonna be looking for me!
Members Only,Bedrager,"[takes out his phone] By all means, [tosses the phone to Gerald] contact whoever you want. Of course, you'll have to tell them why you're here."
Members Only,Dick,What are you gonna do with us?
Members Only,Bedrager,"We're going to use you to set the world on fire. When the servers go online, there will be chaos, panic, and war. And from the ashes, a new world will rise: a world where everyone is happy, and singing, and has no secrets, [yells] like Denmark! [punches a railing]"
Members Only,Dick,You think you can turn countries in the world against each other? Our president will never let that happen.
Members Only,Scene Description,Unknown supermarket. Garrison and Secret Service agents enter the store.
Members Only,Garrison,"Hey everybody! [walks to a checkout line, takes a mic, and hums ""Hail To The Chief""] Guess who's here? It's the President of the United Fucking States. [mic drop, then walks around the store] Oh, it's been a while since I've heard from you guys. Hi, Janice. [takes a small bottle of water from her shopping basket and opens it, tossing the cap away] Hello, Stephen."
Members Only,Stephen,[looks away] Mr. President.
Members Only,Garrison,"[walks around the store some more] I was just, you know, passing through the old neighborhood [checks out a tomato paste can from another shopper] thinking about what laws I might get rid of, when suddenly, out of nowhere, my penis got really dry. You know if they have anything at this store for a dry dick? Huh? No? You guys can't think of anything? Oh, I know. What about [points to] Eduardo Hernandez? I believe it was Eduardo who told me I couldn't double-bag my groceries, even though he's from fucking Guatemala. Well, what do you think now, Eduardo? You wanna double-bag somethin' else? [his phone rings, and he pulls out out of his back pocket to answer it] This is the President."
Members Only,First general,"Sir, we need you at the Pentagon. It's a matter of national security."
Members Only,Garrison,"Oh, really? I'm kinda busy right now, jeez."
Members Only,First general,"Sir, the Danish have released a statement. I'm afraid... we may be going to war."
Members Only,Garrison,War?
Members Only,Scene Description,"Ike's room, day. He's playing a first-person shooter game when a Skype call comes in."
Members Only,Gerald,"Ike?! Ike, buddy, can you hear me?! I need you to do something, okay? Daddy needs your help! I need you to go to your browser and sign on to the school message board, okay? Can you do that for me? The school message board and then log in. Lowercase S, skank-hunt-4-2. You got it?"
Members Only,Scene Description,The other trolls witness Gerald's actions.
Members Only,Dick,Wow.
Members Only,Anonymous821,"Wow, what?"
Members Only,Dick,He's gonna have his son sign in and troll for him.
Members Only,Gerald,"[covers his phone and faces the other trolls] If Skankhunt is still out there trolling, then they have the wrong guy! Get it?! It's called ""using your brain"", fatso!"
Members Only,Anonymous821,So they'll blame your kid?
Members Only,Gerald,"Nobody cares if a kid trolls! What are they gonna do, get a slap on the wrist?"
Members Only,Dick,[stands up] Didn't you hear what that guy said? They're gonna set countries against each other! We have way bigger problems!
Members Only,Gerald,"You don't know my fucking wife! [faces the phone] Ike, you got it? Great, pal! Okay, now I need you to go to the comment section, okay, and type in ""You should all get raped by gorillas"". You got that pal? Ike, ""You should all get raped by gorillas""! Come on, we have a lot of work to do here!"
Members Only,Scene Description,SpaceX. Heidi and Cartman sit next to each other on separate chairs.
Members Only,Cartman,"Jesus, I didn't think getting to Mars would take this long."
Members Only,Heidi,"You really think this is what we should do, babe? I gonna miss everyone."
Members Only,Cartman,"I know, but it'll be worth it, babe. We'll be left alone to make our new world better."
Members Only,Butters,"Hey, Eric! [seen right near Cartman]"
Members Only,Cartman,[speaks to Butters] What the hell are you doing here?
Members Only,Butters,"Well I want to get the fuck off this planet, but they told me I had to take a number."
Members Only,Cartman,"Oh no no no! You're a male chauvinist sexist pig, Butters. You don't get to go to Mars."
Members Only,Butters,"[shows complete fear] No, you don't understand. I've seen the light, I'm a changed man, I thought boys were being treated unfairly, but now I know... shit's about to get a lot worse."
Members Only,Scene Description,Outside of the White House. Memberberries start incoherent 'membering.
Members Only,Memberberries,"'Member The Fugitive? '[Millions of Memberberries are 'membering.]' 'Member Aliens? '[They begin to jump the fence]' Here we are! Ah, yeah! I 'member. Come on, everybody, 'member? '[The large group of Memberberries continue 'membering.]' 'Member snow speeders? '[They approach the front door.]' Yeah, I 'member! 'Member not hearing? '[They breach the front door and pour into the main foyer.]' 'Member the invasion of Hoth? Haha! 'Member ""you rebel scum""? I 'member! '[They fill the entire floor of the White House entrance.]' Oh, 'member the rebel transports? '[Thousands of Memberberries open the door to the Oval Office, and pour in.]'"
Members Only,Memberberry 1,"""We did it!"" 'Member? '[Five Memberberries take their place on the president's desk.]'"
Members Only,Memberberry 2,"Sure, I 'member!"
Members Only,Memberberry 3,What do we do now?
Members Only,Memberberry 4,Don't you 'member?
Members Only,Tubbs,"Ooh, I 'member."
Members Only,Scene Description,Ike's room. Ike sets up the profile photo of Mrs. Herrera and a penis in a small Photoshop tab while Gerald is on Skype.
Members Only,Gerald,"Okay now make sure the little worm is in the woman's mouth, got it?"
Members Only,Ike,[puts penis in photoshopped mouth]
Members Only,Gerald,"Now I need you to type ""You're a fat retard"" in the comments."
Members Only,Ike,"[types in the comment section] ""You're a retard."""
Members Only,Gerald,"No, you have to say ""a fat retard"", Ike! It's a nuance, but it's very important!"
Members Only,Ike,"[types in the comment section] ""You are a fat retard."""
Members Only,Sheila,[sees what Ike is doing and is in shock] Ike! What are you doing?!
Members Only,Ike,What he says.
Members Only,Gerald,[exits Skype chat]
Members Only,Sheila,"[walks into Ike's room and gets a closer look] It was you, all this time! What have you done, Ike?! Do you have any idea the damage you've caused?! How could my child be such a monster?! [answers the call on her phone] Yes yes, hello?!"
Members Only,Gerald,"[talks on his phone to Sheila] Hey sweetheart, how's everything going?"
Members Only,Sheila,"You have to come home from helping the government, Gerald! I just caught Ike trolling Mrs. Herrera!"
Members Only,Gerald,Are you serious?
Members Only,Sheila,"Yes! The school troll is our son, Gerald! You should see all the things he's posted on his computer!"
Members Only,Gerald,God dang it! Let me talk to him right now!
Members Only,Shelia,[hands her phone to Ike]
Members Only,Ike,Hello?
Members Only,Gerald,"Hey Ike, just stay calm and act like I'm yelling at you, okay pal? Okay, give it a few seconds, wait. Good. Okay, now--now say ""I'm sorry, dad. I guess I'm just fucked up inside""."
Members Only,Ike,No!
Members Only,Gerald,"Ike, you have to listen to me. On your mother's life, this is a matter of national security! You have to say ""I'm sorry, dad. I guess I'm just fucked up inside""!"
Members Only,Ike,[angrily] I'm sorry dad. I'm just fucked up inside.
Members Only,Gerald,"That was amazing, kiddo. It'll all be worth it, okay? I'll make this up to you. Give me back to your mom."
Members Only,Sheila,[takes her phone back] Gerald?!
Members Only,Gerald,"He's full of shit, he's not sorry! If he felt sorry, he wouldn't be able to do it in the first place!"
Members Only,Sheila,I know!
Members Only,Gerald,"I'm gonna get home as soon as I can to deal with this, okay? We can deal with this together. Just don't say anything to anyone for now, all right?"
Members Only,Sheila,"Okay. Okay yeah, I love you too. I know. Bye. [ends the call and talks to Ike] You just sit in here until we figure out what to do; and if you get back on that computer, you are done, you got it?! [leaves Ike's room]"
Members Only,Gerald,"[starts a Skype call on Ike's computer] Ike! Okay there's just a few more things I need you to do. I need you to type ""How'd you like a donkey dick?""."
Members Only,Scene Description,Pentagon. Garrison and four Secret Service agents walk to the general.
Members Only,First general,"[salutes] Welcome to the Pentagon, sir. I've been ordered to show you around. [turns around] This way, please."
Members Only,Garrison,"[follows the general] So I can do whatever the fuck I want in here now, right?"
Members Only,First general,"Yes, sir. Here are all [gives Garrison a folder of classified information] our military secrets and all classified information."
Members Only,Garrison,"[takes folder] Okay, good."
Members Only,First general,[stops everyone by the Drone Program entrance] This is the Drone Program. In there you can kill anyone on Earth remotely. Here's the keys. [gives keys to Garrison]
Members Only,Garrison,Thanks!
Members Only,Scene Description,[everyone continues walking]
Members Only,First general,In here is satellite surveillance where you can monitor anyone's conversation live.
Members Only,Garrison,Oh that will come in handy.
Members Only,First general,Extreme interrogation [stops everyone] room in case you find interrogation necessary.
Members Only,Garrison,"Oh hell yeah, it's necessary. Let's do it."
Members Only,First general,"[gives Garrison a briefcase] And here of course is the famous ""football"", where you could order a nuclear attack in four minutes. [walks away]"
Members Only,Garrison,Love me some football. [follows the general]
Members Only,First general,"[stops everyone by the Diplomatic Strategy entrance] And finally, in here, is the diplomatic strategy and negotiating room. [opens the doors, having everyone enter the room]"
Members Only,Scene Description,People in the room are noticing high alerts across the world.
Members Only,Garrison,"Well, jeez, this doesn't look very fun."
Members Only,Second general,Thank God you're here sir. We need your guidance.
Members Only,Scene Description,SpaceX. Butters sits next to Cartman by his left side.
Members Only,Butters,"Loolooloo, I've got some apples. Loolooloo, you've got some too."
Members Only,Cartman,"Butter, Butters! You expect people to believe that you went from being the biggest asshole in the school to a softhearted feminist like me? Fat chance."
Members Only,Butters,"No no, believe me. I'm a changed man. Girls are really smart, and they'll be running the country soon, and they deserve total respect."
Members Only,Cartman,"Yeah? You just forgot one thing, that women are funny too. That didn't occur to you, did it, Butters?"
Members Only,Butters,Well I don't think there was ever any question women are funny. Remember that movie 9 to 5 with Lily Tomlin and Dolly Parton?
Members Only,Heidi,"Oh yeah, that movie was funny."
Members Only,Butters,Well I laughed my butt off and it never even occurred to me that they were women. I don't know why things changed. I don't know why people make such a big deal about women and comedy now. I mean what about Carol Burnett? She was great.
Members Only,Heidi,"Wow, I guess you're right."
Members Only,Cartman,"Yeah, I mean, when women make vagina jokes I think it's the funniest thing ever!"
Members Only,Butters,"Yeah, well I swear I don't care how many times Amy Schumer talks about her vagina, I laugh every time."
Members Only,Cartman,"[looks at Heidi, then at Butters, then in a low voice] Oh, I see what you're doing."
Members Only,Heidi,"What, babe?"
Members Only,Cartman,"Oh nothin', babe. I'm just... Do you think you could tell me some jokes?"
Members Only,Heidi,[giggles] Why do you want me telling you jokes all the time?
Members Only,Cartman,Because you're [glares at Butters] fucking hilarious.
Members Only,Heidi,"Well, did I tell you the one about the skeleton and the skunk?"
Members Only,Butters,[laughs] That's already funny! [Cartman gets frustrated and makes a fist with his left hand]
Members Only,Scene Description,The Pentagon
Members Only,Second general,"All around the world, countries are mobilizing armies and preparing defensive countermeasures."
Members Only,Garrison,Why? What the hell happened?
Members Only,First general,This is everything you need to know about the TROLL TRACE program.
Members Only,Garrison,What's TROLL TRACE?
Members Only,First general,A plan by the Danish to release the full internet histories of everyone on Earth.
Members Only,Second general,"The previous administration tried to work with the Danish by handing over several trolls, but the plan didn't work."
Members Only,First general,The entire world has become very uncertain and unstable.
Members Only,Second general,We think we should order all navy vessels to the Bering Sea.
Members Only,Garrison,For what?
Members Only,First general,"Because when the Chinese are able to see all our e-mails and online activity, we believe they will most likely attack us. Also, there are ground troops mobilizing in Paris because the French believe when we see all their e-mails, we will most likely attack them."
Members Only,Third general,"Mr. President, sir! The Russians are asking what we intend to do about the Danish."
Members Only,Garrison,"Well, why are you asking me?"
Members Only,Second general,"Please, sir, we have very little time before this escalates beyond our control."
Members Only,Scene Description,"The Kremlin, Russia, day. What follows is what's on the video, although the language is said to be Russian."
Members Only,Aide 1,"Президент Путин, Датское утверждает, что они всё ещё готовы включить программу Troll Trase."
Members Only,Putin,"Это всё, что я сказай, всё, что я сделай на Интернет будет доступно моей подруге?"
Members Only,Aide 1,"Да, кажется так."
Members Only,Putin,"Датское должно быть оставновлены! Мы нужно знать, как Соединённые Штаты стоят на этом! [behind him, the phone rings at his desk and a second aide pops in to answer it]"
Members Only,Aide 2,"Э... Господин президент, Овальный кабинет. [Putin walks to the phone]"
Members Only,Putin,"Да, это президент Путин."
Members Only,Memberberry 3,'Member the Death Star?
Members Only,Memberberry 1,"Ahahaha, 'member cutting open tauntauns?"
Members Only,Memberberry 4,"Yeah, yeah, 'member the Force? [the berries chuckle]"
Members Only,Putin,Что это такое?
Members Only,Tubbs,"Heheh, heheh, yeah, sure, I 'member."
Members Only,Memberberry 1,Member McGy-?
Members Only,Tubbs,"Sure, I 'member."
Members Only,Memberberry 3,'Member?
Members Only,Memberberry 2,"Heheh, hey hey hey, 'member the Cold War?"
Members Only,Memberberry 1,Oh I loved the Cold War! That was fantastic!
Members Only,Scene Description,"SpaceX, day. Everyone is still waiting for the ride to Mars."
Members Only,Tour assistant,"Okay, Numbers 204 through 215, you can come on through."
Members Only,Cartman,"[leaves with Heidi] Oh, finally."
Members Only,Butters,"Hey, that's me too. Yippee!"
Members Only,Tour assistant,"Right in here, everyone. [The group, which includes Cher, walks in, and the door slams shut behind them]"
Members Only,Elon Musk,"Hello, everyone, and welcome to the tour. I'm Elon Musk. Are we gonna have some fun today?"
Members Only,Cartman,"Oh great, a stupid tour guide. Can we just talk to someone important please? We want to go to Mars."
Members Only,Elon Musk,"And getting anywhere takes ingenuity. Oh, Mrs. Door? Would you mind... opening, please?"
Members Only,PA door voice,"[interactive doors] Yes, Elon. [the doors rattle, but don't open. Elon turns and opens them manually. A chime plays as the doors open, and Elon leads the group onto the factory floor]"
Members Only,Elon Musk,"The only way for humankind to survive is with imagination and technology. Cars that run on electricity. Solar panels that replace roof shingles. Even food that changes form. You see this? It's a pizza, only four inches long. And yet, when heated, it expands to make enough pizza to feed a hundred people. I call it the pizza... pocket."
Members Only,Cartman,[whispering to Heidi] They already have Pizza Pockets.
Members Only,Elon Musk,Who would like to see the Hyperloop? A new mode of travel that can take you from here to Dubai in nine minutes.
Members Only,Cartman,"Excuse me, Mr. Musk, this is all super interesting and shit, but can we see the Mars rocket now?"
Members Only,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, at the Pentagon..."
Members Only,Staffer 1,"Sir, India is moving aircraft carriers into the Gulf of Mexico."
Members Only,Garrison,Well why would we care about Mexicans?!
Members Only,Staffer 2,"[in winter fatigues] Sir, a message from Saudi Arabia. They say they pinky-promise not to look up our Internet history if we pinky-promise not to look up theirs."
Members Only,Garrison,Well what does that even mean?!
Members Only,Staffer 3,"[in winter fatigues] Still waiting on if we should send troops into Japan, sir."
Members Only,Garrison,"I don't know, jeez!"
Members Only,First general,"Sir, it's the UK Secretary of Foreign Affairs calling from London. He says they have advice for you."
Members Only,Garrison,What?
Members Only,Boris Johnson,"Yes, hello? Things aren't looking good here. We just want to say, whatever you do, don't eat the membberries."
Members Only,UK aide,[overhearing] Don't eat the membberries. They are bad.
Members Only,Garrison,Memberries?
Members Only,Boris Johnson,"I'm afraid everyone here who ate the memberries wanted to go back in the past, you see. Hasn't worked out too well for us."
Members Only,UK aide,We shouldn't have ate the memberries!
Members Only,Boris Johnson,"The memberries cloud your judgement. They get inside your head, you see."
Members Only,Garrison,"Get inside your head... Wait a minute... Nobody gets in my head, you limey bitch! Are you insulting me?! Stop wasting my time! 'Cause I'll have you here on a plane in five hours suckin' my dick!! [slams the phone down on the receiver]"
Members Only,UK aide,What'd he say?
Members Only,Boris Johnson,I believe they've eaten the memberries.
Members Only,UK aide,"Ooh, dear!"
Members Only,UK aide 2,"Ooh, dear!"
Members Only,Scene Description,"SpaceX tour, day. The tour is winding down."
Members Only,Elon Musk,"Here you see our Falcon 9 full-thrust rockets. They are actually able to take off into space and land safely back on Earth for reuse. [the group moves back to the lobby] Well, I certainly wanna thank you all for joining our tour today. You've been a wonderful group. Give yourselves a round of applause."
Members Only,Groups,Huh?
Members Only,Cartman,"Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what about going to Mars?"
Members Only,Elon Musk,Mars? We're still about ten years away from going to Mars. Maybe eight.
Members Only,Groups,Awwww.
Members Only,Cartman,"No, no nonono, we have to go now!"
Members Only,Elon Musk,"Well I'm sorry, but it's a bit more complicated than a pizza pocket. Going to Mars is gonna take a lot of very smart people working very hard for a very long time. Now, if you don't mind, I have hundreds of more tours to do. [turns to exit the lobby]"
Members Only,Butters,"Mr. Musk, wait! [Musk turns around] Maybe we can help you get to Mars sooner. I'm not sure if you know our friend, Heidi. She's really smart, and really funny. [Cartman flashes an angry face at Butters]"
Members Only,Elon Musk,Like... how funny?
Members Only,Scene Description,"The White House. Some member berries have formed a group and are performing ""Africa"". A vintage car horn is heard and the mob boss arrives with some henchmen. ""Sing Sing Sing"" blares from the radio."
Members Only,Don,"Out of the way, 'member?"
Members Only,Berry Henchmen,"You'd better 'member if you know what's good for youse! [the car moves through the crowd, down the corridors and into the Oval Office]"
Members Only,Memberberries,"Hey look, it's them. 'Member? Sure, I 'member. [the mobster berries get out of the car]"
Members Only,Don,"Ey, youse did good. Who's in charge, 'member?"
Members Only,Memberberry 3,We decided he's in charge.
Members Only,Memberberry 1,"No, we said I'm in charge, 'member?"
Members Only,Memberberry 4,"No wait, I 'member. We all said he's in charge. [leans to the left]"
Members Only,Memberberry 2,"Oh yeah, I 'member."
Members Only,Don,Wrong. [shoots Member Berry 2 clear through. Member Berry 2 collapses and bleeds out green juice]
Members Only,Memberberry 3,Waaah!
Members Only,Don,'Member stormtroopers?
Members Only,Memberberry 2,"Sure, I 'member."
Members Only,Don,Not those stormtroopers! The real old ones. People wanna 'member? They're gonna 'member.
Members Only,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house. Kyle comes home from school and is about to go upstairs when he sees Ike in a corner, in time out. Ike has his head against the wall."
Members Only,Kyle,"Ike? [Ike looks back at Kyle, then puts his head on the wall again] What are you doing?"
Members Only,Sheila,Don't talk to him! He is in big trouble!
Members Only,Kyle,Well what'd he do?
Members Only,Sheila,"It's him, Kyle! Your brother is the internet troll who's caused all this pain in our community!"
Members Only,Kyle,What?
Members Only,Sheila,It was him all along. Now we have to figure out what to tell people when they learn this ugliness came from our family. [walks back into the kitchen]
Members Only,Kyle,You made people quit Twitter? You started a war between boys and girls? You...?
Members Only,Scene Description,Kyle stops and thinks back to the clues he's heard in recent days.
Members Only,Heidi,"I call it ""Emoji Analysis"". It isn't a student, it's an adult."
Members Only,Sheila,This ugliness came from our family!
Members Only,Heidi,I think it's one of the parents.
Members Only,Gerald,You're suppose to just laugh and make fun of shit.
Members Only,Ike,Daddy called you a pussy.
Members Only,Kyle,"[stops thinking back] Oh my God. Oh my God! Ike, come on! [grabs Ike's hand and rushes out the front door with him. Sheila hears the front door open and looks around for her boys. She reaches the open front door]"
Members Only,Sheila,Kyle? Ike?! Whatwhatwhaaat?! [her voice echoes around the neighborhood]
Not Funny,Scene Description,In front of Park County Police Station. A crowd gets riled up while Harrison starts a speech.
Not Funny,Harrison,"Everyone calm down, please. We have to have civil order. Listen to me."
Not Funny,Scene Description,[crowd stops chattering]
Not Funny,Unknown person,Really?
Not Funny,Harrison,"Now I know everyone's scared, but we have to keep control. Yes all of our emails and Internet histories are about to become public knowledge."
Not Funny,Scene Description,[crowd chatters]
Not Funny,Harrison,"[raises his arms] But, but,"
Not Funny,Scene Description,[crowd stops]
Not Funny,Harrison,"we all need to understand that TrollTrace will never happen if people don't log on to use it. The website is a massive database that cross-references everything ever said on the Internet. It relies on people typing in a name and address of someone else [lays arms on stand] to add to that database. If we could all agree to resist the urge to look up other people's Internet histories, [looks at Maggie] Maggie, okay? As long as we all respect each other's privacy, darling, [looks straight ahead] then our town won't suffer the same fate as Fort Collins."
Not Funny,Stephen,"And what are the police gonna do to make sure people don't use it?! I know I'll certainly respect others' privacy, but about other people like [points at Laura] Laura Tucker the Blabbermouth?"
Not Funny,Laura,Excuse me?
Not Funny,Harrison,"And that's why we have to come together as a community, and resist any temptation to use TrollTrace, [looks at Maggie] Maggie. We have to stay in control. [looks in front of him] This hack of our city will never happen, so long as we rely on the rationality and the basic decency of the American people."
Not Funny,Scene Description,[crowd panics and runs away]
Not Funny,Harrison,Guess I could've worded that differently.
Not Funny,Scene Description,Kyle's room. Kyle sits on bed with his head lowered while Sheila stands near the doorway.
Not Funny,Sheila,[yells] What were you thinking?! How dare you outright defy me like that! Your brother was being punished for using the computer and you decide to just leave with him?
Not Funny,Kyle,"I just felt bad for him, ma."
Not Funny,Sheila,"You felt bad for him, after all the horrible things he said to people online?! Your brother is a sick troll, Kyle! You just wait until your father gets home. [leaves the room and closes the door]"
Not Funny,Scene Description,Ike's room. Ike sits on his bed miserably. He suddenly gets a Skype call from Gerald. Ike goes to his computer and accepts the call.
Not Funny,Gerald,"Ike, where the fuck have you been?! Daddy needs your help. You don't want Mommy and Daddy to get divorced, do you? [paces] You know how bad your mom is, she completely overreacts to everything. That's where your brother gets it from. You don't want to be like Kyle, do you?"
Not Funny,Kyle,[goes in front of the computer] Hi dad.
Not Funny,Gerald,"[gets shocked] Hey, buddy! Everything good there?"
Not Funny,Kyle,"It was you, this whole time. You're the troll that caused all of this trouble."
Not Funny,Gerald,"No, it was your brother. I don't know what's wrong with him, Kyle. He needs counseling..."
Not Funny,Kyle,Heidi Turner did an emoji analysis. It was an adult. It was you.
Not Funny,Gerald,"[starts talking right before Kyle finished] Shh, shh. Shh, shh. Okay, keep your voice down."
Not Funny,Kyle,[talks softly] Why dad? Why did you do this?
Not Funny,Gerald,"Because it's fucking funny, Kyle. It's called having a sense of humor, and laughing. You should fucking try it once in a while!"
Not Funny,Kyle,Putting a penis in the mouth of a mom who has cancer is funny?!
Not Funny,Gerald,"Because it's so not funny, God! Pushing people's buttons to get a reaction can actually be very good for society, Kyle. Listen to me, the Danish are fucking crazy. You have to get people to stop them."
