Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. One of the good witches rings the doorbell, and Randy lets him in."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"Randy, can I talk to you?"
Sons A Witches,Randy,"Sure, Stephen."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"I've been doing a lot of thinking, Randy. About the past. About what we've done. I think it's time we come clean and tell everyone about the crack. And the spells against our wives."
Sons A Witches,Randy,"[quickly closes the door and walks up to Stephen] Okay, look. You're freaked out, it's understandable."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"I have to admit what I've done wrong, Randy! I feel like everything's crashing down and I want Linda to hear it from me first."
Sons A Witches,Randy,"Okay, we smoked a little crack. We put harmless spells on our wives. We were just messing around, it was harmless fun."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,Was it? Or did we close our eyes to what Chip Duncan was becoming?
Sons A Witches,Randy,"Stephen, you can't turn on your own kind. That's what these witch pursuit thingies do, okay? They make everyone go crazy."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"I'm sorry, Randy. I have to clear my conscience."
Sons A Witches,Randy,"[sighs] All right, Stephen. At least give us till tomorrow morning to talk to our wives and prepare them, all right? Can you just give us till morning?"
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"Yeah, sure. [walks to the front door] I'm sorry."
Sons A Witches,Randy,"It's okay. It's okay. [Stephen leaves. A few second later, Randy is on the phone calling up someone] Hey, it's Randy. We’ve got until tomorrow morning to sacrifice Stephen to the Devil. I'll explain later, just get everyone together. And, maybe bring just a little bit of crack."
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"The woods, night. Cartman and Heidi, dressed as Hansel and Gretel, wander through it."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,"Don't you think we should stay on the main roads, Eric? This seems like a bad place to be right now."
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"Don't worry, Heidi. This is the fastest way to the party. [loudly] I'm sure the witch won't even notice us."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,"Eric, come on, this is a bad idea. Let's turn around."
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"Well, Heidi, if we'd been on time, we wouldn't need to take a short cut. But I wanted to give you your space to get ready."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,"[sensing the sarcasm] Is that what this is about? You're still mad about the pumpkin patch, aren't you?"
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"Why would I be mad? You wanted to make sure you looked right, and then you had to eat and use the bathroom 40 times. I can't blame you for missing the pumpkin patch."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,"I didn't use the bathroom 40 times! [Chip is heard above them] What was that? [the leaves in the trees rustle and she looks up] Eric! Did you hear that?! [she turns to see him, but he's gone] Eric?! Eric! Oh my God! Eric, are you okay?!"
Sons A Witches,Chip,"[finally appears] Well, well. What have we here?"
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"[barely above a whisper, hiding behind a fallen tree trunk] Sweet. Come on, come on."
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Stan, Kenny, and Butters show up, and Stan knocks on the door. Kyle answers the door."
Sons A Witches,Stan,"Dude, is your dad home?"
Sons A Witches,Kyle,"No, I, I don't know where he is."
Sons A Witches,Stan,We can't find our dads either.
Sons A Witches,Butters,"Yeah, and it turns out our dads and the bad witch were all part of the same witch group."
Sons A Witches,Stan,"We asked our moms, and they said this has been going on for years. We've got to find them before something stupider happens."
Sons A Witches,Kyle,How are we gonna do that?
Sons A Witches,Stan,There's another guy. Someone else who was in the witches' club that hasn't been around for a while.
Sons A Witches,Kyle,Who?
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"The White House, night. The President, also dressed as a witch, is in the Oval Office."
Sons A Witches,President's Aide,"[opens the door and looks in] Mr. President, you have an urgent call from a Butters Stotch?"
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"[lost in thought, he perks up] Butters? What's he want? [picks up the phone at his desk] This is the President."
Sons A Witches,Butters,"Oh, uh, eh hello Mr. President. How are you?"
Sons A Witches,Stan,"[in Butters' room with Kyle and Kenny] Butter him up, Butters."
Sons A Witches,Butters,"How uh, how is runnin' the country going?"
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"Oh, it's fine. You know, just makin' the country great again."
Sons A Witches,Butters,Did you get rid of all the immigrants like you said?
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"I got rid of like, six of 'em so far. You know, it's a little harder than I thought."
Sons A Witches,Butters,Cool. Ah-and did you build that big wall you were gonna build?
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"Don't be a dick, Butters. Are you just callin' to shit on my Halloween?"
Sons A Witches,Butters,"N-no, sir! I uh, well, the thing is, uh, didn't you used to do J and C Witch Week with our dads?"
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"Yeah, it was my favorite time of year. Now I just have to celebrate it alone."
Sons A Witches,Butters,"Well, the thing is, Mr. President, one of the guys did a spell and took a bunch of children, and he's gonna eat 'em all."
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"Lemme guess: Chip Duncan. Oh, that guy was always such a douche."
Sons A Witches,Butters,"Mr. President, please, you've gotta help. Our dads can't do anything 'cause they're scared people are comin' after all wtiches."
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"Comin' after all witches? Oh, Jeez..."
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night. It's all decked out for Halloween."
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,So you were there when the witch showed up and took your girlfriend.
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"Yes, it just came out of nowhere. I tried to save Heidi, but it was too late."
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,What was your girlfriend wearing?
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"She was dressed kind of like me, but had a simple Munich dirndl from Germany."
Sons A Witches,Rick,And you didn't stop at all to think that what you were doing might attract a witch?
Sons A Witches,Cartman,Excuse me?! Are you actually trying to blame the victim here?!
Sons A Witches,Rick,"No, I'm just saying that if there's a big fat witch around, maybe you shouldn't walk around in the woods dressed as Hansel and Gretel."
Sons A Witches,Cartman,Ohhhhh!
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,"Whoa, whoa, not cool, Rick. Not cool."
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"I will have your badge, sir!"
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,"[looks towards the camera] Sorry folks, sorry."
Sons A Witches,Cop 1,Detective! Detective! Call just came in. The witch has been spotted at Ross Dress For Less.
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,"Everyone to Ross Dress For Less, now!"
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"Ross Dress For Less, night. Only a couple of cars are in the parking lot, and the store is closed. A witch wanders into view."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,Guys? I'm here. Guys? What's this all about?
Sons A Witches,Randy,"Hello, Stephen."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"Oh, hey. What are we meeting here for?"
Sons A Witches,Ryan,"It's too late, Stephen. We called the police. We know you took those children."
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"What? What uh, What are you doing?"
Sons A Witches,Steve,"[accompanied by Stuart] Here he is, everybody! Stephen's a bad witch!"
Sons A Witches,Stephen,Nooo! [people begin to gather around the witches]
Sons A Witches,Randy,"We're putting a stop to you, Stephen, because that's what good witches do!"
Sons A Witches,Stephen,Oh my God! I see what this is! This witch pursuit thing has you on a witch pursuit thing now! [several police cars pull into the parking lot and officers pour out of them] I'm innocent. Please!
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,"It's over, Stotch. What have you done with the children?"
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"Noho, don't you see?! They're just doing their own witch pursuit thingy now! This is madness! [Chip is heard cackling from up in the air. Everyone looks up to see him flying over Ross Dress For Less, then hug their kids to keep them safe]"
Sons A Witches,Chip,"[lands and gets off the broom] Hey, what's up, bros?"
Sons A Witches,Stephen,"""What's up, bros?"" Chip, do you see all the chaos you've caused?"
Sons A Witches,Chip,"Yeah, so? I'm a witch."
Sons A Witches,Randy,"Ugh, you understand everyone associates us with you, right?"
Sons A Witches,Chip,"Of course they do. You're all witches too, dudes!"
Sons A Witches,Steve,Not like you!
Sons A Witches,Stuart,What'd you do with the children?
Sons A Witches,Chip,They're all in here! See? [opens his bag]
Sons A Witches,Kids,"[voices heard while light emanates from the depth of the bag] Daddy, help! Mommy, help! Ahh!"
Sons A Witches,Chip,I'm going to use their souls to increase my power!
Sons A Witches,A townsman,Look! Another witch is flying down now! [a shot of Air Force One flying towards town]
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"Butters' room, night. He's typing something on his computer when Stan enters his room with Kyle and Kenny behind him."
Sons A Witches,Stan,"Butters, come on! We've gotta go!"
Sons A Witches,Butters,Okay! Where?
Sons A Witches,Stan,"I guess our witches were gonna sacrifice your witch, but then the bad witch showed up and now the witch we called just arrived. There's witches everywhere!"
Sons A Witches,Butters,Holy moly! [leaves his chair and follows the others out]
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,The Ross Dress For Less parking lot. Randy tries to reason with Chip.
Sons A Witches,Randy,"Look, Chip, if we had known you were gonna hurt people, we would have never even hung out."
Sons A Witches,Chip,"Oh, give me a break, Randy."
Sons A Witches,Randy,"No, seriously."
Sons A Witches,Chip,"Like if one of you guys had the power I have, you wouldn't use it."
Sons A Witches,Randy,No we wouldn't!
Sons A Witches,Garrison,Excuse me. [makes his way to the front of the group]
Sons A Witches,Chip,"Oh, hey man!"
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"You're ruining the party for everyone, Chip! I'm here to take you out!"
Sons A Witches,Chip,[cackles] You'll never stop me! [levitates] I grow more powerful every moment!
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"You wanna see real power? [into his pocket mic disguised as a lapel pin] All right, take the shot. [a solar-powered satellite takes aim at the President's location with three beeps, and two lasers shoot down towards it. The shot obliterates Chip, but his bag and broom fall away unscathed. A few moments of stunned silence, and the witches celebrate as Garrison fist-pumps. Two officers quickly come up and open the bag]"
Sons A Witches,Peter,[pops out of the bag] I'm free! [two girls pop out]
Sons A Witches,A girl,Mommy! Daddy! [the boy Chip plucked first pops out of the bag]
Sons A Witches,Sgt. Yates,Is that all of them?
Sons A Witches,Cop 2,"There's one more little girl. Come on out, little girl."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,Okay. Just a second.
Sons A Witches,Cop 2,"Com- come on, little girl. Everyone's waitin' on ya."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,Okay. Almost ready. Hang on.
Sons A Witches,Cartman,[sighs] It's gonna be a while.
Sons A Witches,Gerald,"Well, we did it, guys."
Sons A Witches,Ryan,Everyone will be stoked on us now.
Sons A Witches,Randy,Hey! And there's still a few nights left of Jack and Crack Witch Week.
Sons A Witches,Garrison,"Everybody follow me! I've got tons of Jack, tons of crack, and a jet! [the other witches cheer and follow him to the jet]"
Sons A Witches,The men,"Party's back on! We did it, guys!"
Sons A Witches,Randy,"[looks back at Sharon] Don't wait up, Sharon! I'm gonna party with El Presidente. [Sharon and remaining townspeople are mad]"
Sons A Witches,Scene Description,"The Turner house, day, Heidi's room. Cartman waits for Heidi on her bed as she plans out her costume in the closet. They're dressed in traditional Halloween costumes, he as Count Dracula, she as a black kitten."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,All ready to trick or treat?
Sons A Witches,Cartman,"[bored] Yeah, no. I've been ready for a couple hours now."
Sons A Witches,Heidi,"Cool. I just wanna put on some lip gloss. Do these stockings go with this outfit? I thought maybe I should use the red ones. [Cartman removes his fake teeth and throws them on the floor] Is it cold out? You think I should put a hoodie on over this? Nah, covers up my costume too much, don't you think? [Cartman throws his plastic jack-o-lantern pail to the floor] Okay, all ready. [Cartman perks up a bit] Oh wait, hang on. [she goes back into her closet, Cartman's perk is gone] I can't decide if I should wear leggings or not. Is it gonna be cold? Should I just-"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Heidi's house, night. She's in her room, in bed, but can't sleep. She has her phone with her, on her bed. A call comes in and she picks up. It's Cartman, of whom she has a wallpaper on her phone. She sighs and answers."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[expectantly] Yes, Eric?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,[sobbing uncontrollably] Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi! Heidi!-
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Eric, this isn't working."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Heid- Heidi, no, please! Heidi, Heidi, I would be nothing without you, okay? I'm sorry. Okay? Please!"
Doubling Down,Heidi,You called me a whore and pushed me in front of a car.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Heidi, I was in a bad mood! I told you, that's what happens after I eat! My blood sugar spikes and I get all anxious, and then I cra-"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Eric, you just can't keep being mean to me and blaming it on your blood sugar."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"But ih, but it's true, Heidi! It's all my mom's fault. She feeds me all this crap, and my body doesn't know how to process it. Mom! Mom!"
Doubling Down,Liane,"Yes, hon?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"You fucked up my life, Mom! Fuck you! How could you feed me like that, you bitch?! Get outta here!"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Eric, if blood sugar is really the problem, then you need to change how you eat, right?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Right. Like, whattaya whattaya mean?"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Eric, every time I've talked to you about maybe being a vegan with me, you just tell me vegans are pussies. But then you try and blame food and your mom for being-"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"It is the food, and it is my mom, Heidi! It is! I wanna be vegan with you! I need your help to show me how. Please, Heidi. I need you right now, more than ever. I wand to do this. Please!"
Doubling Down,Heidi,You really mean it?
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Yes, Heidi! That's how much I love you! I'm vegan from now on."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"All right, Eric. We'll see how this goes, okay? See you tomorrow."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Okay. Okay, bye, honey. [hangs up]"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The cafeteria, lunchtime. The boys are at their usual table chatting, and Cartman looks pissed again."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"That dirty whore! Who does that bitch think she is?! Packing my lunch for me?! Fuck her, dude!"
Doubling Down,Jimmy,"Pissed off at your girlfriend again, huh Eric?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"She's not a girlfriend! She's a controlling, manipulative whore!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"That's enough, Cartman! I am so sick of hearing you call Heidi horrible things!"
Doubling Down,Cartman,That's because you don't understand how much it sucks to be in a relationship!
Doubling Down,Heidi,[approaching] Hey babe.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Oh hey babe, what's going on?"
Doubling Down,Heidi,What are you up to?
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[uninterested] Nothin', just tellin' the guys how awesome it is to be vegan."
Doubling Down,Heidi,[happy] That's great. You wanna come eat with me? I can explain what I packed.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Yeah, sure. That sounds awesome. [he leaves with her]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,I don't get it. I just really don't get it. How is she still supporting him?!
Doubling Down,Stan,"She loves him, I guess."
Doubling Down,Kyle,But he clearly sucks! She has to know he sucks. What the hell is going on?!
Doubling Down,Butters,"Well, it's not our problem."
Doubling Down,Kyle,It is our problem. This is affecting us! Our whole school. There's got to be a reason she sticks by him.
Doubling Down,Scene Description,After school. The bell rings and kids pour out of the building.
Doubling Down,Kyle,"[spots her and runs up] Oh Heidi? Heidi, you got a sec?"
Doubling Down,Heidi,Oh. Hey Kyle.
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Hey. Uh, listen, uh... I-I know you and Cartman have an anniversary coming up and, I was just wondering, you know, um. How do you think he's doing? Aaas a boyfriend."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Well, whattaya mean?"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Well, you know, like, some of us are thinking that, uh, maybe he's not super-qualified to be with you?"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Oh, God, not you too."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Just, like, what are the things about Cartman that you find remotely redeeming?"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Look, don't you think I get it enough from my girlfriends? ""He sucks, Heidi. What's wrong with you? Why can't you admit he's a loser? How could anyone ever go with him?"" I was just following my heart. Isn't that what you're supposed to do?"
Doubling Down,Kyle,You don't have to get defensive. I just-
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[gets in his face] Who's being defensive?! He's great! We're doing great! I didn't make a bad decision! I don't need you to stand there and say ""I told you so!"" [turns around and walks off]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"I didn't say ""I... [she whips around again] told you-"""
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[points at him] You know, you don't know what Eric's like when we're alone, okay? He's actually really good to me. [turns around and walks away]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,Wooow.
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Heidi's house, day. Cartman is at the front door knocking insistently. Heidi walks to it and opens it."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Heidi! [walks in with a bag of food] Oh my God, you're not gonna believe this."
Doubling Down,Heidi,What?
Doubling Down,Cartman,You were so right [Heidi closes the door] when you said there were vegan options for everything. [puts the food on the table] Remember how you told me about Beyond Meat?
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Yeah, the vegan meat that's made with all vegetables and plants."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Well, I tried it and you were right. You can't even tell the difference between that and real meat."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Really? That's great, babe."
Doubling Down,Cartman,So now I've been trying all kinds of vegan foods. You gotta try this. It's called Beyond KFC.
Doubling Down,Heidi,Oh wow.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"It's all plant based, soy protein, and just- y-you gotta taste it. Just try it."
Doubling Down,Heidi,[Heidi tries a breaded breast] It tasted just like KFC.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"I know, right?! Isn't that crazy?! [Cartman eats another breaded breast] Like, like seriously, how can you even tell that this was vegan? Try the, try the Beyond Mashed Potatoes and Gravy too. [hands her the mashed potatoes and gravy] They say you can even drink the Beyond Gravy by itself as like a protein boost. [eats some more of his breast while she eats the mashed potatoes and gravy] I don't know about you, but I could eat this every day."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Yeah, it's really good."
Doubling Down,Cartman,[evilly narrowing his eyes to slits] Delicious.
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The bell rings as students go to their lockers to switch out books. As Stan, Kenny, and Butters walk down the hallway. Kyle catches up to them. Token joins them as well."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Guys, listen: I think I know why Heidi won't admit Cartman's a horrible boyfriend."
Doubling Down,Stan,"Dude, are you still on this?"
Doubling Down,Kyle,Yeah! It's important.
Doubling Down,Butters,"Maybe she's telling the truth, Kyle. Maybe Eric really does love and support her in ways that we don't see."
Doubling Down,Cartman,[running up to them] You guys! You guys! Have you seen Heidi? [walks on past them]
Doubling Down,Stan,No.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Well uh, we've been trying some different foods lately and uh, [turns around] Heidi's put on some pounds, you guys."
Doubling Down,Token,Heidi's getting fat?
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Yeah, Token. Don't start rippin' on me for havin' a fat girlfriend, alright? Just try and be cool about it. [smiles]"
Doubling Down,Heidi,[walks up behind him] Hey babe.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Oh, hey hey hey, Heidi. What's goin' on? [a surprised look flashes on his face]"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"I-ah, I'm not feeling the best again. [Cartman smiles again] I might see if my mom can come pick me up."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Pick you up? That could be tough. [a shot at the boys, who just look blankly at him and Heidi. Kyle, though, is not amused]"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"I, I know, but I just feel bloated. I think there might have been something bad in that Beyond Arby's."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Yeah, well, cool, babe. Maybe you should uh, just waddle on down to the nurse's office. [the surprised look flashes on his face again, then disappears]"
Doubling Down,Heidi,Can you come with?
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Oh sure. [they turn around and walk away, but Cartman looks over his shoulder and points at Heidi's bloated figure]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,We have to help that girl. Can't you see what's happening?
Doubling Down,Stan,"Kyle, it's none of our business."
Doubling Down,Kyle,You're wrong. In a way... I think we're all going out with Cartman right now.
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, day. The President is on the phone."
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Uh huh. Yeah, I understand that, faggot. And you should understand how my balls are gonna taste when your country starts needing money. I don't give two shits about a treaty. You're a Polish midget. [A knock is heard at the doors] Come in. [three advisers come in - Mike Pence, Paul Ryan, and Mitch McConnell - and Garrison gets back on the phone] Uh huh. Hang, uh hang on. I'm gonna call you back. Yeah, go fuck yourself, retard. [hangs up]"
Doubling Down,Mitch McConnell,"Mr. President, we have a problem. People are pretty upset."
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Hoh, don't tell me people are still made about that n*gger thing."
Doubling Down,Mike Pence,"It's pronounced Niger, Mr. President. And it's a country in Africa."
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Oh, aren't we fancy. Okay, I don't want a bunch of [finger quotes] Nigers in Africa aiding terrorists."
Doubling Down,Paul Ryan,"Mr. President, you need to be a little more careful. There's an investigation. A worker with ties to Russia was found raped and executed."
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Raped and executed? Oh, you mean fucked to death? Oh yeah, that was me."
Doubling Down,McConnell,"Mr. President, people are starting to question your oath to the office."
Doubling Down,Garrison,"My oath to the office was that I would fuck everyone to death, remember?"
Doubling Down,Memberberries,"Ooo, I 'member. Me too, I 'member. I 'member that."
Doubling Down,Garrison,"[to the berries] You guys be quiet, [to his advisers] and you guys just get out there and put a positive spin on this whole thing."
Doubling Down,McConnell,How are we supposed to put a positive spin on it?
Doubling Down,Ryan,It's getting pretty hard to keep defending you. Maybe it's time we put our foot down.
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Oooo. [whips out a remote control and presses a button on it, making the doors close and lock automatically. The advisers turn to see this] Hope you brought some condoms."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. Most of the girls are in vollyball practice, but six of them are in the bleachers. The side gym doors open and Kyle walks in. The girls stop practice only when he gets onto the court. He holds his hands up. The girls are not happy to see him."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Hello. I know things have been difficult between us lately. I know you think all boys are sort of pigs, but just know that a lot of us boys think girls are amazing and smart and beautiful. [dead air] Not, not like hot-beautiful, I mean like inside-beautiful. I, I'm not saying you're hot. You're not, you're not hot. I'm not saying you're ugly. It doesn't matter- you're all hot on the inside. If we could all just see inside you, it would be hot. [realizes he's out on a limb] Oh, shit."
Doubling Down,Wendy,"What do you want, Kyle?"
Doubling Down,Kyle,It's Heidi Turner. You guys shouldn't criticize her so much for going with Cartman.
Doubling Down,Annie,Why not? Eric Cartman's a horrible person.
Doubling Down,Kyle,"I know! I, I know that, okay? Trust me, I hate Cartman as much as any of you, but just, give her some space, you know? You can't keep on saying ""We told you so"", because if you make her feel dumb, she just doubles down and tries to prove herself that it wasn't dumb."
Doubling Down,Nichole,Why do you care? Do you like Heidi?
Doubling Down,Kyle,No!
Doubling Down,Molly,"Oh my God, he so likes Heidi."
Doubling Down,Lola,Obvi.
Doubling Down,Kyle,No I don't! ... Do I?
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The school hallway, day. Kyle is sitting on some steps surprised at his fondness for Heidi showingn through."
Doubling Down,Butters,"[walks up to him] Hey, Kyle. Hey, I was thinkin' about what you said. How we should all help Heidi break up with Eric? You're right, it's our moral obligation."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Yeah, no, we're not getting involved with that."
Doubling Down,Butters,"Oh, we're not?"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"[stands up]Yeah, no, yeah, I uh dya, I think we need to stay out of it. [walks away]"
Doubling Down,Butters:	Oh. Okay then.,Dialog
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Cartman's locker, moments later. Cartman is switching out books when Kyle walks up to him."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Cartman, can we talk?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Sure, Kyle. What's up? [brings out a harness and puts it on]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"I just, I hope that maybe you can realize what you have with Heidi and, and just try to be good to her, okay?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Kyle, let me tell you something about relationships. There's always two sides, okay? You compromise, she compromises. Sometimes you criticize each other, but it's all part of trying to make each other better. [picks up a big bass drum and straps it onto the harness, then picks up some drumsticks] Someday, maybe you'll have a girlfriend and you'll understand. Oh, here she comes. [at the far end of the hallway, Heidi rounds the corner and walks towards them, and Cartman starts beating the drum] BOOM baba BOOM baba. Clear the hallway everyone, Heidi's comin' through."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[walks up to Cartman] Wha, what are you doing, Eric?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,I was just practicing marching bass drum for my buddy Kyle. It's his favorite.
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Oh, okay. Um, are we still on for lunch?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"You betcha, can't wait."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Okay, see ya. [walks away, vaguely upset]"
Doubling Down,Cartman,[resumes the drum beat] BOOM baba BOOM baba BOOM!
Doubling Down,Scene Description,Breaking news.
Doubling Down,Anchor Bill Keegan,"Some concern over the President's competency again today. It was during a Middle East peace conference when the President referred to the people of Saudi Arabia as a bunch of ""dirty sand Nigers"". Though the comments seem divisive, Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, says he's sticking by his President 100%. [next shot is of Paul Ryan with a black eye stained with semen]"
Doubling Down,Reporter,"Speaker Ryan, it's the anniversary of the President being elected. How do you think he's doing?"
Doubling Down,Ryan,Well whattaya mean? He's great. We're doing great. A lot of people judge him and just see the negative. People don't know how great the President can be behind closed doors. They don't get to see all his good qualities.
Doubling Down,Reporter,Uh huh. And is that semen on your black eye?
Doubling Down,Ryan,"Oh. No, I-uh I tripped on a doorknob and uh that's just, that's doorknob cum."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. Heidi is all alone there, sitting on the bottom bleacher lost in thought. Kyle sees her from one end of the court. He sighs quietly and walks up to her."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"You doin' okay, Heidi?"
Doubling Down,Heidi,I keep thinking Eric's going to change.
Doubling Down,Kyle,"[sits down next to her and sighs] Heidi, people like Cartman, they always make things someone else's fault. We all wrongly see ourselves as the victims sometimes, but Cartman sees himself as the victim all the time. He'll always find someone to blame for his shortcomings, and because of that, he's never gonna change."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Before we started going out I was in a really bad place. I felt... pushed away by society. Then this guy came along who told me all the things I wanted to hear, and I just went with it. Does that make me a bad person? [Rihanna's ""Unfaithful"" begins to play]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"No, Heidi. Good people make bad decisions every day."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"I've been defending him for so long. I don't know how I'm gonna face people if I finally give up. [next scene is Heidi looking through her scrapbook at the memories she and Cartman created together. His discomfort begins to show in the fourth picture. She closes the book, and her location is shown - she's in bed. Next scene shows her at her locker putting books away when she notices someone looking at her. It's Kyle, looking at her from his locker. He then puts his books into his locker. Next scene shows Heidi and Cartman at the park bench, where she leaves him and he grabs onto her leg to delay her departure. Next scene has Kyle receiving a letter from Heidi. He reads it and smiles. Next scene has Garrison and Xi Jinping holding a news conference, and three bar patrons back at home turning away and crying. Next scene shows the Turners having dinner at a restaurant, in a booth by the window]"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[sobbing outside the window] Please Heidi! [he pounds on the window a few times before finally sliding down to the ground] Please! [her parents are stunned. Next scene shows Kyle and Heidi on the school swings, chatting away]"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Token's house, night. A light snow is falling when Cartman knocks on Token's door. Token answers and Cartman breaks out in tears."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Hei-... Hei- Hei- Hei-, Hei- .... Hei- [Token slams the door on him. Seconds later the doorbell rings. Token goes back to answer it] Hei-, Hei-, Hei-"
Doubling Down,Token,[not happy] What do you want?
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Hei, Hei, Heidi broke up with me, Token."
Doubling Down,Token,So?
Doubling Down,Cartman,"I have nothing now, Token. She was my whole world. Can, can I just stay here with you, please?"
Doubling Down,Token,What?! Why?! You still have a house!
Doubling Down,Cartman,"I know how you feel now, Token. To be pissed off at the world. To feel completely screwed over by society. I totally get it now. I wanna do what you guys do and go disrespect the flag and flip over cars and stuff. [Again, Token slams the door on him. Again the doorbell rings, and again Token goes to answer it] Token, pleeease! I'm sorry for everything! I really understand now how you guys feel! Please, what time is your family gonna go disrespect the flag and stuff? I wanna go with!"
Doubling Down,Token,Get outta here!
Doubling Down,Linda,[appears behind Token] What's going on?
Doubling Down,Token,"[upset with Cartman] Nothing, Mom."
Doubling Down,Cartman,Heidi broke up with meeeeee.
Doubling Down,Linda,"Token, he's freezing. [to Cartman] Come on in out of the snow."
Doubling Down,Cartman,[entering] Thank youuuu.
Doubling Down,Token,...NO!!
Doubling Down,Scene Description,The White house. Paul Ryan opens a door and looks both ways down the hallway and closes the door. He's got a folder with him as he joins two other men in the dark.
Doubling Down,Ryan,"Okay, we're safe to talk."
Doubling Down,Pence,"It's not safe! Nowhere is safe, don't you understand?! We're all about to get killed!"
Doubling Down,Ryan,"Sshh, keep your voices down! Look at this!"
Doubling Down,Pence,What are all these numbers?
Doubling Down,Ryan,"The latest approval ratings. I've been researching our own independent poll. The President is tanking. These numbers are so low that we just might have an out. Well, don't you guys see what this means?"
Doubling Down,McConnell,"I don't know anything, I'm just a turtle."
Doubling Down,Ryan,It means that the swing voters are turning against him. It's those people that matter. Those are the ones who can finally turn this thing around!
Doubling Down,McConnell,And then we don't have to get killed! We can't let the President know about this. just let him- [the door opens]
Doubling Down,Garrison,[walks in] What are you guys talkin' about?
Doubling Down,Pence,"No, nothing, Mr. President."
Doubling Down,Ryan,Nothing!
Doubling Down,McConnell,"No, nope!"
Doubling Down,Garrison,Just having' a little chat or somethin'?
Doubling Down,Pence,"[looks at the folder Pence is holding, takes it, and walks over to the President] It's an opinion poll, Mr. President. Your numbers are down and I wanted to show you so you could do something."
Doubling Down,Ryan,"Oh, you bitch! [to the President] I was the one who researched the poll, Mr. President!"
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Let me see that. [takes the folder and leafs through it] Huh. Isn't that interesting? But it's not a problem. See, I know something about societal psychology that you three turd balls don't. Everything's gonna be fine."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Token's house, night. Cartman is eating dinner with them, still sniffling."
Doubling Down,Cartman,So... You guys about done with the soup?
Doubling Down,Linda,"Don't you like it, Eric?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Well yeah, no, it's great. It's just- well, what time do you guys usually go out and disrespect the flag and stuff?"
Doubling Down,Steve,What?
Doubling Down,Cartman,Oh no... Don't tell me you guys already disrespected the flag and flipped over cars today. Did I miss it?
Doubling Down,Steve,What the hell are you talking about?!
Doubling Down,Token,I told you not to let him in.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Please, I don't know what to do with all this anger and hurt!"
Doubling Down,Linda,"I'm sorry your girlfriend broke up with you, Eric, but... maybe you'll get back together."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"No, no, we've broken up before, but this time it's different. I can tell. Something's changed with her. Heidi won't even answer my phone calls."
Doubling Down,Steve,Heidi? Turner? The Turners' daughter?
Doubling Down,Cartman,Yeah...
Doubling Down,Steve,I thought she was with that Kyle Broflovski kid.
Doubling Down,Cartman,[sadness switches to anger in a flash] What?
Doubling Down,Steve,I saw them at the park today holding hands.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[dramatic music begins] Kyle? Kyle?! Kyle!! [a montage begins with five marching happy Kyles appearing] Kyle! Kyle! Kyle Kyle Kyle! [a big red heart appears and breaks, and a line of smiling Kyles marches out of it in shades of pink. Next scene is a Jewish dance performed by hasidim. Next scene is Cartman out on the street striking a match...] Kyle! [...and burning a giant flag on the ground with it.] Kyle! [the flames spread to fill up the screen. The next scene shows a cackling Kyle coming up out of the water like a giant sea monster as Eric and Heidi hold on to each other. Kyle holds a menorah reminiscent of a trident. Next scene is another group of hasidim dancing] Kyle! [next scene is Cartman and Heidi running away, only to be stopped by Kyle popping up before them like an exploding volcano, cackling. Cartman and Heidi turn and run away again, but the ground around them is compromised and Kyle's shadow covers them both as they look up at him. Next scene is back at the dining room at Token's mansion] Kyle..."
Doubling Down,Steve,"Yeah, Kyle."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elelentary, day. The school day begins as the last students walk in. Kyle walks down the hallway minding his own business when a scream makes him apprehensive."
Doubling Down,Cartman,KYLE! [the other kids in the hallway clear the way as Cartman appears at the end of the hallway behind Kyle. Dramatic Western showdown music plays] I should have known. You lying snake!
Doubling Down,Kyle,"[turns around] Cartman, I didn't mean for things to happen the way they did."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Did it bother you that I was happy?! Is that why you took her from me, Kyle?!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Cartman, you weren't happy."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Shut up, Kyle!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,All you did was bitch about her all the time.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"You're not gonna talk your way out of this one! This is the end, Kyle! It's you and me!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Come on, Cartman. I-"
Doubling Down,Cartman,[slams Kyle into the lockers] You took everything from me!
Doubling Down,Kyle,Stop it!
Doubling Down,Cartman,All you've ever done is work to ruin my life! Well now I'm finally gonna fight back!
Doubling Down,Butters,"Fuck him up, Eric!"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[goes in for the attack] Aaah! [Kyle delivers a punch] Ugh! [Cartman goes down straight away] Fuck you, Kyle!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Cartman. You just have to accept that Heidi's moved on."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Buca De Faggoncini, night. The girls have taken Heidi out for dinner."
Doubling Down,Molly,"Guys, I just wanna say, here's to Heidi. Welcome back to the land of the living."
Doubling Down,The other girls,Yay Heidi!
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[giggles] Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking me out. This is really fun."
Doubling Down,Red,No worries. We're just glad you finally came to your senses.
Doubling Down,Annie,"Yeah, no kidding. We seriously thought you might marry that piece of shit! [the girls laugh]"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[a bit sheepish] Well, you know, he- he actually had some good qualities too."
Doubling Down,Red,"Uhh, yeah, like what? Racism?"
Doubling Down,Bebe,Or the sociopath part?
Doubling Down,Courtney,"Yeah. I mean, no offense, Heidi, but what the fuck were you thinking?"
Doubling Down,Lola,"Guys, she admitted she made a mistake."
Doubling Down,Molly,You make a mistake on your homework. What Heidi did was more like a momentary loss of all sanity. [the girls laugh]
Doubling Down,Heidi,[feeling pushed away again] It was just what I believed in.
Doubling Down,Bebe,"Don't worry, Heidi. We're not gonna keep telling you we told you so."
Doubling Down,Lola,But we told you so. [the girls laugh]
Doubling Down,Bebe,The only thing I wanna know is... how did you bring yourself to actually KISS him?
Doubling Down,The girls,Eewwww!
Doubling Down,Red,Can you imagine? Eric Cartman's breath on your mouth?
Doubling Down,The girls,"Ew, ugh! [this is depressing Heidi as sad music begins to play]"
Doubling Down,Courtney,"[imitating Cartman] Heidi, come here. I want to kiss you with my tongue!"
Doubling Down,The girls,"Ew, ugh! [they laugh as Heidi wilts]"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The park, day. Cartman sits at the park bench alone. Heidi walks up to him."
Doubling Down,Heidi,Hi Eric.
Doubling Down,Cartman,What are you doing here?
Doubling Down,Heidi,I don't know. I think I- I just wanna make sure... you're doing okay. I want you to know I'll always care about you.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[sniffles] That's good to know, 'cause like, nothing helps more when you're down than knowing that your girlfriend who broke up with you might care."
Doubling Down,Heidi,[sits next to him] I'm sorry that I've hurt you. I think maybe I am just stupid and I don't know what I want and it ends up hurting people.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"No... You need to know something, Heidi. None of this is your fault."
Doubling Down,Heidi,But I'm the one who-
Doubling Down,Cartman,"No. Heidi, none of this is your fault. There's stuff I never told you. It's time... It's time I did."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. He's in the bathroom getting ready for a date with Heidi. He styles his hair and puts hair gel on it. The doorbell rings, and he goes to answer it, putting on his hat on his way there. He opens his door and finds Heidi facing away from him."
Doubling Down,Heidi,Hey.
Doubling Down,Kyle,Hey! You all set to go?
Doubling Down,Heidi,[walks in] I wanted to talk to you first.
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Okay, sure."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Kyle, I've been under a lot of stress lately, and it was all making me really confused."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Yeah, that's understandable."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[turns and holds his hands] I was being manipulated, and I didn't even see it. I never do. And, I don't think you saw it either, Kyle."
Doubling Down,Kyle,What do you mean?
Doubling Down,Heidi,"I've come to realize that it's not my fault. It's your fault, Kyle. You made all this happen. Made me question who I was."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"But Heidi, I thought-"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[puts her index finger on his lips] Shh. [walks away] But it's okay. You can't help it. It's how you were raised, what you were taught. My heritage is Irish, so I'm prone to being moody. And your heritage... well, you know... you can be a little sneaky sometimes and not even realize it. [turns left to walk out the door] I'm sorry, Kyle, but everybody's trying to live life the best they can. It's hard enough without your people always trying to get ahead. [walks out and closes the door]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Dude... did she just call me a dirty Jew? [he walks to the window to see her walk away, and sees Cartman waiting for her. Cartman sees him at the window. Heidi meets Cartman and they walk away together, with Cartman looking over his shoulder at Kyle with a smug look on his face]"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, evening. Pence, Ryan, and McConnell carry an anniversary cake over to the President. They're still wearing blankets, which could mean the White House isn't wasting money on heating."
Doubling Down,"Pence, Ryan, McConnell",Happy anniversary to you.
Doubling Down,McConnell,Cha cha cha.
Doubling Down,"Pence, Ryan, McConnell",Happy anniversary to you.
Doubling Down,McConnell,Cha cha cha.
Doubling Down,"Pence, Ryan, McConnell","Happy anniversary, Mr. President. Happy anniversary to you. [they put the cake on the desk, and the President blows out the candles]"
Doubling Down,Ryan,"Congratulations, Mr. President."
Doubling Down,McConnell,Looks like many more years of the same are to come.
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Oh, I don't think so. [walks out from behind the desk with a giant dildo strapped to his genitals.] I think the next three years are gonna be even better. [begins to laugh. Pence, Ryan, and McConnell laugh in response, but soon begin to cry, as they know what that dildo means]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the Special Education Bungalow A-5. Class is in session, with Counselor Steve teaching."
Moss Piglets,Steve,"Okay guys, it's November and who can tell me what that means? [points] Yes, Francis?"
Moss Piglets,Francis,It's time for the Special Ed Science Fair. [the other kids cheer]
Moss Piglets,Steve,"That's right, the Science Fair is this weekend, and I know you're all very excited to show the projects you've been working on. [more cheers] This week we'll be hearing all about your projects and first up we have Nathan and Mimallah. [amid some applause and chatter, Nathan and Mimsy walk in with their project, a volcano]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"For our science fait project, we will be showing the destructive force of nature by simulating a volcano!"
Moss Piglets,The kids,Ooooooh.
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"With vinegar and baking soda, we will make this paper-mâché volcano EXPLODE."
Moss Piglets,The kids,Aaaaaaa.
Moss Piglets,Nathan,With the power and fury of Mount Kilauea. Our science fair project is sure to be... a blast. Get it? A. Blast.
Moss Piglets,Steve,"All right, what do you guys think of Nathan and Mimallah's project idea? [the kids clap and cheer]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"We've done it, Mimsy. We're gonna win the science fair for sure. And then, every chick in this school is gonna wanna have sex with us."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Uh, gee boss, I don't know about sex with no chicken."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"[smack] Not those chicks, numbskull. I'm talkin' 'bout bitches. You know what girls like? They like winners. And when we win the science fair, we're gonna be up to our ears in pussy."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime. There are seven girls at a table with room for an eighth. The seven are Wendy, Nichole, Red, Theresa, Isla, Bebe, and Millie."
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"Is it just me, or are things around here getting worse and worse?"
Moss Piglets,Millie,It's definitely not just you. I think everyone's in shock that Heidi went back to Cartman.
Moss Piglets,Theresa,What keeps driving her back to him? It's so weird.
Moss Piglets,Isla,She's so... mean and angry these days.
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"People change. They say you become more and more like the person you're with and, I guess it's true with Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[joins the girls at the table] Hey guys. What's up?
Moss Piglets,Isla,"Hey, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,What are you guys talkin' about?
Moss Piglets,Nichole,Nothing.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Bullcrap, you're all talkin' about me again. 'Cause you're judgmental bitches. [burps] Ehhh."
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"Heidi, are you okay? It's just... you look..."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I look what?
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"Ngh, you know, y-you just look-"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"What? I look fat? Is that what you wanna say, Wendy? Fuck you, bitch!"
Moss Piglets,Theresa,"She's just concerned, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[mimicking] ""Mehmehmehmehmehhh, Heidi"". I'm just trying to enjoy my lunch here! Can I do it without you guys shitting on all over me?!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, day. Jimmy and Timmy are hard at work.]"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"All right, good, Timmy. Test 42a is successful. Let's move on to the next phase. [Nathan and Mimsy walk in]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Well hello, gentlemen."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh hey fellas, we're doing great."
Moss Piglets,Timmy,Timmih!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Thought we'd stop by to see how your- science fair project is going.
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Dah I thought we was comin' to rub their faces in how good our science fair project was, boss."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"[gets mad, then smacks Mimsy] Shut up, Mimsyyy! [to Jimmy and Timmy] So what are you guys workin' on?"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, it's fantastic. This year, Tim-Tim and I are doin' our project on [looks into the microscope] water bears."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Oh. Water bears. [backs up to Mimsy] You hear that, Mimsy? Like there's any such things as water bears. That blue science fair ribbon is as good as ours. [to Jimmy and Timmy] Well, we've gotta get back to our lava volcano. Good luck finding your, pft, water bears. [he and Mimsy turn around to walk out]"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, would you like to see them?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,[he and Mimsy stop and turn] What? Uh what are you talking about?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Timmy and I have gathered thousands of water bears. Take a look in the microscope. [Nathan steps forward to look into the microscope. He sees some water bears swimming around on the specimen slide. Jimmy continues] Water bears are water-dwelling, eight-legged micro-animals."
Moss Piglets,Timmy,Timmah.
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"They're one of nature's most resilient animals. [next slide] Studies have shown they can survive lava, and even the vacuum of space."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,What-? How-? [looks up] Where the fuck did you learn about these things?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,Where all good scientists learn from. Octonauts.
Moss Piglets,Timmy,Octonauts!
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,Some scientists believe the study of water bears is key to human survival.
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Aw jeez, that sounds a lot better than a lava volcano, huh boss?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Well, not really, because the science fair is supposed to be an experiment. I fail to see what the experiment is here."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, that's easy. You see, for the past several weeks, Tim-Tim and me have been training the water bears to respond to different sound waves. We found that they respond best to Taylor Swift. Hit it, Timmy. [Timmy presses a button offscreen, and Taylor Swift's ""Look What You Made Me Do"" begins to play] Take a look. [the Water Bears soon form a circle of eight of them on the specimen slide. Timmy turns off the player] We still have some training to do, but we're excited about the results. I have to admit, your lava volcano is pretty great too. Maybe we could tie for first place. [Nathan looks at Jimmy, then at Timmy, in shock]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, day. Someone knocks at his door]"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,Come in.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[enters the office] You wanted to see me, Mr. Mackey?"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Oh yes, Heidi, uh, we just wanted to see if you have transportation to the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend, or if you wanted us to set somethin' up for you."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,What?
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"...Uh, Saturday is the science fair, and, you're the judge for the competition?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Judge a special needs science fair? Ahem, no thanks."
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Well, Heidi, is there a problem with you bein' the judge this weekend?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Uhh, yeah? It's Saturday, and I don't wanna be at skewl?"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,But you're always the judge of the Special Ed Science Fair because you're our best science student.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,So now I'm gonna be punished by being force to judge a bunch of handicapped kids?!
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"But... Okay, you see, the problem is that you volunteered last month, Heidi. You said you wanted to do it, m'kay?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Well how can you expect students to commit to things a month in advance?! [puts away a stray lock of hair under her cap] I don't even know what I want for dinner tonight.
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Look, the kids have worked really hard and have done some amazing projects."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,You're gonna force me to come to skewl on a Saturday?!
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Heidi, eh... is everything all right?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Oh what? Are you gonna call me fat now too?! It just so happens I'm a vegan, which means it'd difficult for me to get enough protein, so my body doesn't burn fat, it burns muscle, which makes it look like I'm fat, but I'm actually WAY healthier than any of YOU!!"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Heidi, you're judging the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Oh, Goddammit!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, night. Nathan goes up the wheelchair ramp to the room door."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,[looks around] Mimsy! Come on! [reaches the door]
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,Okay Nathan. [joins him]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Shhh, shut the fuck up! [picks the lock and opens the door. They go in, look around, then go to Jimmy and Timmy's project]"
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Gee, we could get in a lot of trouble. Ya, you sure we should mess with Jimmy and Timmy's science fair project?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Mimsy, do you know what Jimmy is? He's a cock blocker."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,Eh what's a cock blocker?
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Every time I come up with a way to score with the ladies, there's Jimmy tryin' to one-up me. This science fair is supposed to finally make us successful enough to get chicks."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"D'aw, gee, I don't know if we should use our position of power to exploit women."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"... [smacks Mimsy] I'm not letting those assholes win the science fair! [opens a medical bag] That's why I say, the only good water bears are dead water bears. [pulls out a bottle of lighter fluid and pours it into the tardigrade tank, then follows that up with a bottle of lye. He then gets a curling iron, plugs it in and turns it on, and sticks it into the tank, where it sparks and causes a chemical reaction] Let's go! [they run out of the bungalow as the reaction continues inside]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Instead of the usual four boys standing there, it's four girls - Wendy, Isla, Theresa, and an angry Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,This is bullcrap! How can they force me to be the science fair judge?! Now I know how it feels to be a slave!
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"It's... not exactly like being a slave, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Yes it is! Am I being paid to judge the science fair? No. Do I have a choice? No. ""Ohhh, yes masah. Lemme judge that science fair for ya, suh!"""
Moss Piglets,Theresa,"God, will you stop?!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Theresa, don't get all aggro on me because you're pissed off your family lives in a trailer."
Moss Piglets,Theresa,My family doesn't live in a trailer. We live in a tiny home. My parents downsized to make a smaller footprint on the environment.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,That's what I said. Your family lives in a trailer.
Moss Piglets,Theresa,There's lots of progressive people living in tiny homes. There's five others on my block.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Right. That's called a ""trailer park."""
Moss Piglets,Theresa,A-hi don't live in a trailer park!
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"[to Theresa, about Heidi] Just don't even respond to her. Just ignore her."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"I'll try, but she's such a bitch."
Moss Piglets,Isla,"She wasn't talking to you, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Oh, looks like Isla has something to say, you guys. Hold on, I'm sure this is going to be really profound. Go ahead, Isla, knock us out with you wit and satire. This should be good, you guys."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[walks up to Heidi] Hey Heidi, what's up?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[uninterested] Oh hey babe, what's going on?"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,What are you up to?
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[her voice trails off] Nothiiing, just talking to my girlfriends about tiny homes."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school day has started and the last few students are going in. Nathan and Mimsy walk up to Nichole, Bebe, and Nelly."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Well hello there, ladies."
Moss Piglets,Nelly,"Oh, hi Nathan."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,We just wanted to remind you [hand Nichole a flyer] that this weekend is the Special Ed Science Fair.
Moss Piglets,Nichole,"Oh, cool."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Yeah, that's right. Pretty soon you'll all be impressed with what you see. Hope you can make it. [walks off with Mimsy. Moments later...] Did you see that, Mimsy? The way those girls bit their bottom lips when I said ""science fair""? We're about to be drowning in muff."
Moss Piglets,Francis,"Nathan! Mimallah! Yuh, you've gotta get to Special Ed!"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Special Ed class isn't for another two hours.
Moss Piglets,Francis,"Nono, you've gotta see this! Jimmy and Timmy's water bears! They've changed!"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,What?
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, moments later. Counselor Steve is checking out the specimen slide through the microscope as the class gathers around and chatters."
Moss Piglets,Steve,"Jimmy and Timmy, this is incredible! You've somehow made them even smarter. [Francis, Nathan and Mimsy enter]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,What's goin' on?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Nathan, it's amazing. The water bears we've trained are starting to display social advancements."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,But they're supposed to be dead. [Nathan smacks him]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,[walks up to Jimmy and Timmy's table] What social advancement?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,They've actually evolved to the point of doing the hokey pokey.
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"The hokey pokey? [looks down into the microscope and sees the tardigrades. ""The Hokey Pokey"" plays as the water bears begin synchronized dancing] You've gotta be fucking kidding me."
Moss Piglets,Steve,"Boys, this might be the single greatest Special Ed Science Fair project I've ever seen!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Cartman and Heidi walk down the hallway holding hands looking angry."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Butters.
Moss Piglets,Butters,Whoa. [turns around] Uh hey.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,How would you like to be the judge for the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend?
Moss Piglets,Butters,"Uhh, I can't. I'm going to a birthday party."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Butters, don't be a dick!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Yeah, don't make up excuses because judging handicapped students sounds terrible!"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yeah, Butters! God! [rolls his eyes]"
Moss Piglets,Clyde,[walks up to Heidi and Cartman] He's not making it up. It's my birthday party.
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Well then, could you invite Heidi, please? She needs an excuse not to have to go to the Special Needs Science Fair."
Moss Piglets,Stan,[walks into view with Kyle] What's wrong with supporting them? They're our friends.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Because nobody wants to be trapped, in a gym, with Special Ed Science."
Moss Piglets,Kyle,"Actually, some of their projects are pretty cool."
Moss Piglets,"Cartman, and Heidi","Shut up, Kyle! [to each other] Samesies! [they kiss each other on the lips]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Look, it's all just a complete waste of time! It's not like the Special Ed Science Fair is actually gonna contribute to society. [a helicopter is heard over the school. In front of the school, the helicopter lands on the lawn as several black cars and vans roll up to the school. A bunch of men in black suits get out of the vehicles and walk into school]"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"[leading the men] Move. Move aside, kids. Official business!"
Moss Piglets,An NFL owner,"Move it, children. [the kids make way for the NFL owners]"
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"Excuse me, can I help you?"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,We understand that you're about to have a science fair with some very interesting experiments.
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"That's right, the science fair is this Saturday from 10 am to 2 pm."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,We're here to help however we can. Your special ed department has all our resources and all our support. This science fair... just might be what saves us all.
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school playground, day. As the other kids play, an upset Heidi walks around Cartman."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"What the hell is going on?! Everywhere I turn, people are being given handouts while I'm forced to work my ass off! It's total bullshit!"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yeah... uh... Babe, uh I understand that you're pissed off, but, um, you know, it is recess. Maybe we should relax and have some fun?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[stops pacing] Relax?! How can I relax?! I get straight A's! I ace every test! And who gets all the support?! The Special Ed Department!
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, day. It's been considerably beefed up, with two tents, one on either side, connected to it, and an even bigger tent behind it. A tower with two satellite dishes and two poles with lights on them standing behind the smaller tents. Two workers haul some equipment up the ramp and into the classroom."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,Good. Bring it on in. These kids need to have access to everything they need.
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Wow, look at this, Tim-Tim. They've all been researching water bears too."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"That's correct. [two workers roll up a whiteboard with a diagram of a tardigrade on it, with parts of the body clearly labeled] Like you, we've come to realize that water bears are the key to our future. [walks up to the project right after Jimmy and Timmy do] Are these the special water bears that we read about on your school message board?"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,That's right. The water bears we've been working with appear to be evolving somehow.
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Then they are the key to our survival, boys."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Gentlemen, perhaps I can interest you in a lava volcano. You won't believe your eyes when I add some simple baking soda."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"[turns to face him] There's no time for that! We need everyone working on Jimmy and Timmy's project. I'm gonna let you kids all in on a little secret. We don't wanna create a panic, but... the End is very near. And we have very little time."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. An assembly has been called and all the classes are there. Heid is at the podium while Cartman stands next to her."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Fellow students, I have asked to speak today because of the hypocrisy and bullying that is coming from the administration at this so called... skewl. It is an outrage that our principal and counselor denand our participation in privileged programs that are outrageously overfunded. Why is it that the school allows funding that only goes to special needs students? Are the rest of us not special? If we are continually asked to work for no money and ask our parents to pay for our programs, then soon we will all be poor, and forced to live in a trailer park like Theresa."
Moss Piglets,Theresa,It's not a trailer!
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Theresa, [that lock of hair comes down again] get over it, you live in a trailer park, it's not a big deal. [she puts the lock back in place]"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Uh, o-okay honey, you're kind of getting off-topic, sweetie."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,What did you say?!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Uh just, uh-uhm, I just want you to stay on point so we can get this over with."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,GET THIS OVER WITH?! You're supposed to be supporting me!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"I am supporting you, sweetheart!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Being supportive doesn't mean you criticize me, asshole! Just forget it! My point is, if the school administration doesn't cancel the science fair, I will see to it that they are all fired for discrimination!"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"[standing by the gym doors, to PC Principal] She's... kind of like Cartman, but with the ability to follow through."
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"Oh, dude. Bro."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed Bungalow, later. Jerry Jones and a few other owners stand behind Jimmy and some other students as Jimmy looks into the microscope."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Francis, can you hand me the sound wave generator? [Francis hands it to him]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,This is bullshit! The Special Ed Science Fair is turning into a lovefest for Jimmy and Timmy's project! They're gonna get all the fame and glory!
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"D'aw, I guess we kind of shot ourselves in the foot, huh boss? If it weren't for us, those water bears wouldn't have even gotten smarter in the first place."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"[stops and thinks] Hey, Mimsy, that's right. They don't deserve the credit, we do. [speaks up] Uh, excuse me. If you're all trying to figure out why these water bears are different, you're talking to the wrong guys. [Everyone turns to face him]"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Wha-what do you mean, Nathan?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Mimsy and I did some experimenting with the water bears on our own.
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,We was tryin' to kill 'em. [smack]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"It was us who made them evolve, so we should be the ones working for the government."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,The government? Wuh we aren't the government.
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,Yuh you're not the government? But you said you were here to help stop us from becoming extinct.
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Not you, us. We're with... the NFL. Our fans are leaving at an exponential rate. We've been hit with anthem protests, protests of those protests, and worst of all, concussions. The more reports that come out, the more people are getting turned off by football. We've been experimenting with water bears because... we believe they are our last hope."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, I get it. You've been experimenting with water bears to see how to make humans more impervious to concussions."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,No. We've been experimenting with water bears to try and make them... FANS.
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,NFL Sunday Night Football on NBC.
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 1,A beautiful night for football here in Los Angeles as the Chargers take on the Buffalo Bills.
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 2,"And a record sellout crowd here at the stadium. Football clearly more popular than over with a whopping 17 million in attendance. [shown are a smattering of fans, with the rest of the seats being occupied by small tanks of tardigrades]"
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 1,"The NFL, of course, working really hard to reach new viewers, and it looks like they found their answer in tardigrades."
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 2,"[a camera crew focuses on one tank] The water bears are thrilled to be here and of course, love seeing themselves on the Jumbotron. [which shows that tank's sea bears onscreen] They're all ready for some football and enjoying the fan favorite Kiss Cam. [two tardigrades are shown kissing]"
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 1,And we're ready for kickoff as the cheers of 17 million fans rock the stadium! [the Chargers kick off and the Bills catch the football and begin their charge. Nothing but crickets are heard as a Bills player is taken down]
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed Bungalow, later. The NFL owners now look over Nathan's shoulders as he looks into the microscope. The other students are at their own tables."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,We're running out of time. We have to see if these water bears truly are different. Insert the box. [a fellow owner grabs a microscopic box with tweezers and carries it over to the table. He puts it into the specimen slide] Gently. What do you see now? [the tweezers are removed]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Ahhh, Iii see the box. [a microscopic FedEx box] What, what's in the box?"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,What are the water bears doing?
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Uhhh, they're just walkin' around and ubb, oh wait! They appear to be interested in the box."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"These water bears are different. [the classroom door opens and in walk Heidi, Cartman, Mr. Mackey and PC Principal]"
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"All right, everyone, listen up. Give me your attention please. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are cancelling the Special Ed Science Fair. [the students begin to talk amongst themselves]"
Moss Piglets,Owners,What? Cancelling?
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,You can't cancel the science fair. We're on the verge of a breakthrough here.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,It's cancelled. You guys can get all this shit out of here and leave. Thank you!
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,You don't understand! The Special Ed Science Fair is our only hope!
Moss Piglets,Mr. Mackey,"Oh I'm sorry, but um, our hands are tied... by Heidi. [Jones and the other owners whip out their guns]"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,I think you all fail to see the seriousness of our situation! Football is dying!
Moss Piglets,Mr. Mackey,"[he and PC Principal put their hands up] Whoa, whoa whoa, okay."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,[to another owner] Close the door! [the owner closes the door] Everyone back to work! Nobody... [two special ed kids and Cartman slip out of view] will stop this Special Ed Science Fair!
Moss Piglets,Another owner,[with his gun aimed at Nathan] Do what he says!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Oh! Uh okay, Jesus Christ!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[finds Cartman] Are you just gonna stand there?! Do something!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,What the hell do you want me to do?!
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I want you to have some BALLS and act like you care about me!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Heidi, you need to stop being such a bitch!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[gets closer to him] Call me a bitch again! Do it! [gets in his face] Call me a bitch again!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,You are... acting... like a... bad girlfriend.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,That's what I thought!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Hey, uh wait a minute! The water bears have changed again. I think it's working."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Let me see that! [looks through the microscope] Yes. Yes, they're starting to adapt. [the water bears now sport jerseys from various teams. He increases the magnification] Sonofabitch, we just might have ourselves some fans! [stands up] Now quickly, children! We must replicate these water bears to create more! [Nathan gets back on the microscope]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"If nobody else is going to do anything, I will! [runs up to the microscope, yanks the fish bowl from it, and runs to the door]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Wha-ah?
Moss Piglets,An owner,The water bears!
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The playground, moments later. Heidi runs across it, followed by the NFL owners, followed by the special ed kids, followed by Mr. Mackey and PC Principal, ...followed by Cartman."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Heidi! Heidi, will you please listen to me?!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school hallway, moments later. Heidi runs down it, pushing other kids out of the way."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Move it! Get the fuck out of the way! I said get out of the way, you assholes! [followiong are the NFL owners, the special ed kids, Mr. Mackey and PC Principal, ...and Cartman]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school entrance, moments later. Heidi goes out the front doors, but sees more NFL owners in front of her and she panics."
Moss Piglets,Another owner,"We got the fat girl, front of the school."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Shit! [turns around and goes back inside, only to see all the people chasing her down]"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Little girl, stop! [Heidi begins to pant] It doesn't have to end this way."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[makes his way to the front of the group] Move aside! Move aside! [finally sees Heidi] Heidi, seriously, you need to listen to me!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I don't... have to listen... to anybody!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yes, yes you do! You need to listen!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Fuck you!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"No, fuck you!"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Little girl, please! What you have in your hand is very special."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Well I'm sick of everyone treating me like shit!
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,Think about the NFL. How much joy it brings to everyone!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Don't listen to them. Give the water bears to me. I deserve all the fame and bitches.
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Heidi, you've gotta stop being so angry."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Look, if you- if you don't do it for the NFL, what about humanity? Those creatures are showing the first signs of sentience. Think about what they could mean for science. For medicine. Making people better."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Come on, babe. We all want the old Heidi back. [Heidi looks up at the balcony and notices Wendy, Theresa, and Isla looking down upon her]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[looks down at the water bears, then looks up again] Screw all you guys!"
Moss Piglets,"NFL Owners, Special Ed kids","NOOOO! [Heidi chugs the fish bowl down like a college student, wipes her lips, then burps]"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Dude, wwow."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. He and Heidi sit on the sofa, with Heidi doing all the eating and channel-switching while covered by a purple blanket."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[angrily] Is there something you wanna talk about?
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"No. I was just... trying to... figure out why you decided to drink 20,000 microanimals that were showing signs of intelligence."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Whatever. It's Saturday, and I'm not in skewl."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yeah, you're, you're not in skewl."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[goes back to eating chips] How come we never snuggle anymore?!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[alarmed] Wha, what?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,We used to snuggle all the time and it's totally gone away! What happened?!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Well, but honey, we still-"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,SNUGGLE!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[gets closer to her] Yes yes, let's, let's snuggle, yes. [she shares her blanket and snuggles]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Goddammit, how come there's nothin' to watch on Saturday but kids cartoons?!"
Moss Piglets,Blue Horse on TV,"Hohall right, kids. Now let's do the hokey pokey. [begins to sing the song]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Oooo. [her belly begins to move to the music] What's goin' on in here?
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Oh, what is goin' on in here?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I feel somethin' moving around. I-it- [farts]
Moss Piglets,Cartman,Yeesh. [backs away]
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[farts again] SNUGGLE!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Okay, okay, honey. [gets close to her again, but she farts again] Eughah, ah."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"NFL Headquarters, New York City, day. Roger Goodell sits in his office flanked by two other officials."
Moss Piglets,Roger Goodell,"Well, did you have any luck, Mr. Jones?"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"I'm afraid, Commissioner, that the Special Ed Science Fair failed to produce more viable water bears."
Moss Piglets,Officlal 1,Then the NFL truly has no hope.
Moss Piglets,Officlal 2,We're done for.
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,Not quite. [a lab worker wheels something in and leaves] We were able to obtain somethin' else [picks up a beaker] that just might be our future. [pours the beaker into the volcano Nathan offered to him earlier]
Moss Piglets,Goodell and the officials,Ooohhhh!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Netflix headquarters, day. The President of Netflix is talking to some prospects."
SUPER HARD PCness,Netflix President,"Welcome to Netflix. [smiles] Last year we approved 16 original shows and movies; and this year, it is our goal to make that number 1,087. That's why we here at Netflix are thrilled to be working with you two comedy geniuses, Terrance & Phillip. [Terrance & Phillip are shown, now as elderly gentlemen. Terrance raises his left leg slowly and lets out a wet fart. The president laughs and claps] Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Classic stuff. Now go ahead and pitch what you're thinking for your Netflix original series."
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,"Well, we were thinkin' that we'd do a show where Phillip and I are on a farm... with a cow."
SUPER HARD PCness,President,"[still enthused] Okay, I love it so far."
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,[slowly] The sun is just starting to come up and then... I fart on Phillip.
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"[slowly] And I say, ""Terrance, you farted,"" and I fart on Terrance."
SUPER HARD PCness,President,And it's like a back and forth kind of thing? It's sort of like a-?
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"[slowly] It's like a back and forth kind of thing. I fart on him, he farts on..."
SUPER HARD PCness,President,On you. Got it!
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,No! On the cow. [they both laugh]
SUPER HARD PCness,President,"Welcome to Netflix, you sons of bitches. YEAH!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance & Phillip,Hooray!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are at their lockers switching out books. Other kids run by, causing a commotion. Craig and Tweek run by Stan holding hands."
SUPER HARD PCness,Craig,"Come on, Tweek. Hurry!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,What's going on?
SUPER HARD PCness,Tweek,"[running by] Cartman and his girlfriend are fighting again. [Stan closes his locker door and joins the others. They get to the actual fight, where Heidi throws punches at Cartman]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,Oh. Uh. Oh. Ugh! Goddamn! [he punches her once] Oh. Sweetheart!
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Piece of shit! [punches him four times, he grunts as he gets hit]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Honey, I wanna watch Terrance & Phillip with my friends!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,You promised we'd have a date night! [punches him twice]
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"It's just one night, babe. Stan is having a viewing party, honey. [punches her once]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,So then why can't I come?
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Terrance & Phillip is a guys' night thing, baby."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"[arrives to separate them] Uh, hey, hey, hey! What the hell are you all doing?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Wendy,Watching Heidi get her bitch-ass kicked!
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Fuck you, Wendy!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Craig,"Don't take that crap, Heidi! Let Cartman have it!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Guys! Guys, this has gone on way too long. Can't we all stop being so mean to each other? [a moment of reflection around the crowd]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Shut up, Kyle. You sound like your mom. [everyone laughs]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Th- that was awesome, baby. I love you. [reaches out and takes her hand]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"I love you too, babe."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kids,"Awww. [disappointed, everyone disperses]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Craig,Dammit.
SUPER HARD PCness,Butters,Fight's over. Kyle ruined it. [Kyle is left all alone in the hallway]
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The school gym, assembly. PC Principal addresses the kids."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. As you know, there's been a lot of bullying and insensitivity at our school. To counteract this, it is my firm belief that South Park Elementary is in desperate need of s a strong woman. So in looking for a new vice principal, we wanted to find a powerful, intelligent, and independent female to be a role model for us all. And with that said, I'd like to introduce our new vice principal, Strong Woman. [claps, then hands the mic to her as she walks up]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Thank you, PC Principal. Alright everyone, listen up. I'm the new vice principal of this school. My name is Strong Woman. I've already spent a few days here at the school watching and observing and we definitely have things we can all be working on. [at this point, Butters is whispering something in Clyde's ear]"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,[snatches the mic from Strong Woman's hand] Hey! Stotch! You do not disrespect Strong Woman by talking when she's talking!
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You really think I couldn't have handled that? Myself?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Oh. Uh, I was just making sure everything was uh-"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You really had to grab the mic out of my hand like that?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Shit. I mean, no, sorry, sorry, I'm not u-, uh, here you go. [hands the mic back to her]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"I want the girls here at this school to know that they can talk to me about anything, but I also want the boys to know what I'm looking for is a better place for everybody. [walks forward a bit] Turning this school around is going to take work from everyone."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,From everyone!
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[glances back at him] Sorry, am I not doing this correctly?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"No. NO! Sorry, I thought I'd... add, just add for emphasis."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You felt it wasn't strong enough? Me just saying it?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"No-I, I'm... Uh, I'm sorry."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[sighs, turns back to students] I'm looking forward to being your vice principal, and I'm looking forward to turning this school around."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"[moves up] Alright, now if we have any q-"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,I'm not finished!
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"[backs up] Right, right, uh, I'm sorry. Every- pay attention everybody!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The Terrance & Phillip Show. As the announcers speak, the logos come up."
SUPER HARD PCness,Announcer 1,It's the Terrance & Phillip Sho-o-ow.
SUPER HARD PCness,Announcer 2,On Netflix. [the camera pans down to the duo. Terrance holds a pitchfork]
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"Hey Terrance, what did the black lawyer say to the Muslim priest?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,"I don't know, Phillip. What? [Phillip climbs up a three-step ladder, turns around, and farts on Terrance. They laugh at each other. The kids watching at Stan's living room laugh at them, but Kyle looks rather disinterested. The doorbell rings]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,Come in!
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,[walks in with Heidi] Did we miss it?
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,It's just starting.
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Oh look, honey. Kyle's mom is here. Shouldn't you be at temple, Ms. Broflovski? [Kyle is shocked as the others laugh]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Canadian Mexican,[walks into view] Hola. Would you like to buy some chimichangas?
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,"Si, mi amigo. [climbs onto the hay bale next to him as Phillip goes up the stepladder] Here, I'll give you two pesos. [he and Phillip take turns farting on the vendor. The kids in Stan's living room laugh]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Dude, that's awesome."
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,"[notices Kyle isn't laughing] What, what's wrong, dude."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,For the first time I feel kind of bad for the person being farted on.
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Uf, Kyle's mom doesn't like the cartoon, guys. Better shut it off. [everyone laughs]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Baby, I fuckin' love you so much."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary faculty room, day. PC Principal has called a faculty meeting."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you all know, we've been looking for a strong woman to take on the role of vice principal at this school. We couldn't be happier with the selection we've made and we're sure she'll be making our school a better place. So with that let me turn over the floor to our new vice principal, Strong Woman. [applause all around]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Thanks everyone. Alright, listen up. [gathers her papers up] I fully appreciate that some of you might be uncomfortable with me being here. Earlier today, I noticed that some faculty weren't sure whether to call me ""Miss Woman"" or just ""Strong."" If I were a man, you'd probably address me as Vice Principal Woman, so why should it be any different, huh? We good?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Uhm'kay.
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"So I've been getting to know some of the students here and I'm definitely hearing a lot of frustration and confusion over issues that all the schools are facing right now. I also spent some time observing in the cafeteria and was pretty shocked by the abusive and intolerant language. [as she speaks, Hootie & The Blowfish's ""Hold My Hand"" begins to play in PC Principal's head] Not sure if any of you have noticed, but a lot of the girls are eating their lunches out on the playground to avoid being around the toxic environment that's been created. It's my intention to make the cafeteria... P.E. class is another huge problem at this school. The girls' gym outfits seem not to have been updated since the '60s. We have a lot of work to do here. I intend to do it quickly. [in PC Principal's mind, everything around her fades out and all he sees is her against a pink background with hearts everywhere, soon replaced by flowers and leaves, then a blue sky with clouds]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Excuse me uh, I'm sorry, but uh, is anyone else hearing Hootie & The Blowfish like, very very softly?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Substitute Teacher,"Yeah, yeah, I hear it."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[rises and walks towards PC Principal] It's, it's coming from over here somewhere."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"E-excuse me everyone, I um, I need to get to the restroom. Sorry, I'll be right back. [rushes out the door, and the song disappears with him]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The playground, recess. Kyle is on his iPhone lookiing at YouTube videos of Terrance & Phillip over the years. First is a teen Terrance farting on Cher on the Soony & Cher Show, then a teen Phillip farts and sits on Sonny. Next is a video of Terrance & Phillip farting on a deer, then one of Terrance & Phillip farting on a woman and her dog, then one of Terrance farting on a News Canada reporter, then one of Terrance & Phillip farting on a woman and her baby. A song comes up, reminiscent of Michael Jackson's ""Man In The Mirror""."
SUPER HARD PCness,The Preacher,"Therefore what God hath joined together let no man [Terrance farts on the preacher] Oh! [the duo laugh. Kyle just gets off the merry-go-round and walks off campus. He walks onto a small stone bridge, where he looks at his reflection on the water below. He then leaves the bridge and goes home to look at his reflection on full-length mirror in his room. He takes off his jacket and hangs it up]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Michael Jackson,"That's it. That's it, Kyle. [Kyle takes off his Terrance & Phillip T-shirt and puts it away is his trash can, then goes to his dresser to pull out a baby blue shirt and puts it on. He then goes to the vanity mirror, takes off his hat, and gives himself a haircut] No more. No more of them doody jokes. [he leaves the bathroom and goes back to the mirror in his room] No more watching cartoons of people, people having go doody. [he checks himself out on the mirror] And poo-pooing on each other's heads. [he puts on his jacket and hat back on] It's not funny anymore, is it, Kyle? [he checks himself out once more]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Dr. Gauche's office, day. PC Principal has gone in to have his hearing checked. Hootie & The Blowfish is still in his head. The doctor walks in."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,"Hello there, misterr... Principal, is it?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"That's right, I'm PC Principal."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,Hm what's bringing you in today?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,I'm uh... having this problem with my ears. There's like a persistent kind of ahh ringing going on.
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,"[checking the right ear canal with a scope] O-kay, can you describe the ringing?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"It's um, Hootie & The Blowfish."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,You're hearing a song? [walks to the other side to check out the left eat canal]
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Yeah, uh, ahem, there's a new woman that has joined our faculty. Her name is Strong Woman, and uh, she seems to have set off some kind of device in my ears."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,So maybe you're having some feelings for her.
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"No, that couldn't be it. We work in the same place, so it would be impossible for me to like her. I'm thinking there's some sort of device in my ears."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,"Well, I looked, and Hootie & The Blowfish aren't in your ears. I believe you're hearing them in your mind and your heart."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Oh, dude. Bro."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Vice Principal Strong Woman's office, day. Kyle stands outsdie the office door. To one side are ""What is Gender"" pamphlets for boys and girls separately. Kyle knocks on the door."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You may enter. [Kyle walks in and sees her putting her books in order]
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Vice Principal Woman?
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,Yes? [sits at her desk] What can I do for you?
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"My name's Kyle, and I've been doing a lot of changing lately. I came because I might be able to offer some... insight into our problem here."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Please, by all means."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"You see, there's a culture at this school that embraces meanness, and I believe now that it comes from a Canadian TV show. All the boys watch it. I did too. We all laughed while they... farted... on innocent people's heads. The thing is, I never felt for the person being farted on. Until now. I want to work with you to open people's eyes, because I get it now."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[not following] You want to blame farts? That seems kind of ridiculous, doesn't it?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,What?
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"I mean, it's a slippery slope when we start pointing the finger at our own shortcomings."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"But, but I thought for sure YOU would be on my side."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Kind of sounds like something my mother would say, actually."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"What?? D'oh, forget it! [turns around and walks out]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,The school hallways. Kyle walks by himself as other kids are at their lockers. Cartman's voice is heard over the PA system.
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"May I have your attention please? Mrs. Broflovski, your tampons are available at the front desk. Mrs. Broflovski, your tampons are available at the front desk. Thank you. [begins to laugh. The kids around Kyle begin to laugh as well]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"[over the PA system] Come on, we've gotta get out of here."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Rrrrr!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, later. PC Principal tries to block out ""Hold My Hand"" from his ears, but it only gets louder. His office door opens."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"You wanted to see me, PC Principal?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Uh YES. Yes, Mackey, um, I just wanted to see how you thought it was going with Strong Woman."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Well, she seems to be acclimating fine, ukay, the kids really respect her."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Do you know, uh, [begins to fumble on his words] Do you know if Strong Woman has a boyfriend?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,What??
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,No-nothing. Just forget it. [leaves his desk and walks towards the door]
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Are you out of your fuckin' mind?! Askin' if a coworker is available in today's times?!
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"I just wanted to know because she's unavailable, then maybe I can get my head off of her, alright?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Oh boy, this is bad! This is real bad!"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,[turns around] I don't know how it happened. I know it's inappropriate and yet I can't stop thinking about her. I think I'm... sick.
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Look, this is real fucking fire you're dealing with, uhkay?! I'm gonna get someone down here from HR!"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,HR? Is that like... Hootie Removal?
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,No! Human resources! The people that come in to make sure everything's kept on the level! We gotta get you back on track!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,Special Report.
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,"Is Canada a bad influence on the United States? A group of young people called ""Millennials Against Canada"" thinks so, and we are joined by their leader, Kyle Broflovski."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Thanks for having me, Tom."
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,"Young man, you say Canada is to blame for most of our problems."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,All I'm saying is that there's a culture that originates from Canada which is at least partly to blame for the state of our country now.
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,To respond to this we're now joined by the Canadian Minister of Streaming.
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Thanks for having me, buddeh."
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,"Minister, how do you answer to these angry millennials?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Well, they're pissed off because their country sucks, so they wanna point the finger at us."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"I'm saying we're all guilty too. I grew up watching Terrance & Phillip, and I thought it was funny."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"So you thought it was funny, but now it's not funny?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"No, it was never funny. I see it differently now."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Oh, so you want to censor it."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"We don't wanna censor it, we just wanna... get rid of it."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Uh huh, you sound like a Jewish mother."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Oh, see? That's what I'm talking about, right there! That kind of mean, degrading, Canadian trash!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,Now I resent that! I find that racist-
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Canadians should care about the rest of the world!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"You are a racist, fwiend, and if you have a problem with Canada, maybe you should speak to your backwards President!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Maybe I will!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"'Kay, go ahead!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Maybe I know the President!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Oh, sure you do! Just like all Jewish moms, 'cause you don't understand how-"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Stop calling me that!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,Can I finish?!
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,That's all you know is how to be mean-
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"That's not a- Can I finish, please?!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Because you were all raised on it yourselves!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Please, can I finish?! [a few seconds of silence] Alright, I'm finished."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary faculty room, day. PC Principal has called a faculty meeting."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you know, we want to provide a safe work environment for all our employees. Sometimes feelings do arise and we are tempted by the Devil to act upon them. So we've been reaching out to Human Resources division as I think we can all use someone to tell us about what is and isn't considered misconduct. She has some great advice for us, so please welcome Heather Conduct. Go ahead, Miss Conduct."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"Hello, everyone, my name is Miss Conduct. I'm hear to talk about making sure we avoid any trouble at this school. M'alright?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,[smiles] Uh m'kay.
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright. Now, by a show of hands, who's ever had inappropriate feelings for a coworker? [Strong Woman raises her hand. PC Principal is surprised]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The Terrance & Phillip Show, guest-starring a Canadian girl scout selling cookies."
