Butterballs,Stan,"Aw Butters, you ruined it. This is all one big long shot and you ruined it."
Butterballs,Butters,"Mm, but this is just gonna make things worse for me."
Butterballs,Stan,"Butters, you're the star of the video!"
Butterballs,Kyle,"He doesn't wanna do it, dude."
Butterballs,Stan,"Well come on, do you just wanna be bullied your whole life, Butters? [Kyle walks off in a huff] Kyle?"
Butterballs,Scene Description,In front of the school. Kyle walks out and away. Stan runs out after him
Butterballs,Stan,"Kyle? Kyle, dude, where are you going?!"
Butterballs,Kyle,"[stops, then turns around] Why are you doing this, Stan?"
Butterballs,Stan,To stop bullying.
Butterballs,Kyle,You're gonna stop bullying.
Butterballs,Stan,YES.
Butterballs,Kyle,With Cartman singing about his vagina.
Butterballs,Stan,"...It's about awareness dude. Don't you understand how important this is? Bullying? Do you realize that in America, hohoh, over 200,000 students are afraid to come to school every day because of-"
Butterballs,Kyle,"Don't, don't act for me, Stan! Really?! Because every minute I'm watching this video become less about awareness and more about you!"
Butterballs,Stan,"Kyle, I'm trying to make a difference!"
Butterballs,Kyle,Okay. Just be careful you don't end up naked and jacking it in San Diego. [turns around and hurries away]
Butterballs,Stan,What the hell does that mean?
Butterballs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, evening. The family is having dinner at the table"
Butterballs,Grammy,"Oh heavens to Betsy, Linda. This is such a yummy yummy ham. I just love your cooking. [takes her fork under the table and jabs Butters with it. He winces in pain.]"
Butterballs,Stephen,"Our Linda certainly knows her way around a pork. [Butters winces again] What's the matter, Butters?"
Butterballs,Butters,"Nnothin' Dad. Jjust a little gassy. [Grammy jabs him again, and he winces in pain]"
Butterballs,Stephen,Oh. Well don't fart on Grandma. She's tryin' to enjoy her ham.
Butterballs,Butters,"Okay Dad, I won-aaaaah! Gaaaah-ow. [the doorbell rings]"
Butterballs,Stephen,I'll get it. [rises and walks away]
Butterballs,Grammy,"[notices something] Linda, is that a new clock on the wall?"
Butterballs,Linda,"[looks at the clock] Oh yes. Stephen and I got that last month. It's from Germany, I believe. [while Linda talks, Grammy picks her boogers and smears them on Butters' mashed potatoes] I just love the cute little canary on the dial. And, every hour it chimes. [turns back to Grandma as Stephen brings Butters' friends over.]"
Butterballs,Stephen,"Your friends wanted to see you, Butters."
Butterballs,Stan,"Dude, Butters! We have awesome news! A Hollywood movie company is gonna buy our bullying video!"
Butterballs,Grammy,"Oh, an anti-bullying video? How adorable. [jabs him harder with the fork, and he screams in pain]"
Butterballs,Stan,"Yeah, and Butters is the star! The movie company wants to do a photo shoot with him so we can make movie posters!"
Butterballs,Butters,HAAAAA! [pounds the table fiercely to relieve the pain from Grammy's fork]
Butterballs,Stan,"I know, right?! [Stan, Cartman, and Kenny all imitate Butters' pain]"
Butterballs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Stan walks in to a hero's welcome. Cheers greet him as he walks down the hall towards the boys' restroom. He walks in and noticed Mr. Bailey waiting for him with arms crossed."
Butterballs,Bucky Bailey,Whassup?! [walks to the bathroom door and locks it]
Butterballs,Stan,"Oh, hey."
Butterballs,Bucky Bailey,You went and made a video and sold it without lettin' me know.
Butterballs,Stan,Huh?
Butterballs,Bucky Bailey,"Doin' a video was my idea! It's the property of Bucky Bailey's Bully Buckers ™, you got that?! [crosses his arms again]"
Butterballs,Stan,"But I worked hard on that! It's, it's been really stressful and I-"
Butterballs,Bucky Bailey,"Oh, it's been stwessful?! [gets in his face] What's wrong with you?! Kids are getting bullied at school and with this money, Bucky Bailey's Bully Buckers ™ can finally become the legit organization it deserves to be! You greedy, selfish, little PRICK! [Stan lowers his head in shame] Oh what? You gonna cwy?"
Butterballs,Stan,No.
Butterballs,Bucky Bailey,"No, go ahead, cwy. Let me see ya. [rubs his eyes as if he's the one crying] Let me see you cwy. [Stan begins to cry]"
Butterballs,Stan,[Stan Sobbing.]
Butterballs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night, Butters' room. He's pacing back and forth"
Butterballs,Butters,"[having a conversation with himself] We don't have a choice, Butters. You have to defend yourself! [switch] Oh, but violence is never the answer. [switch] But she's gonna kill you, Butters! You know she is! [switch] You're right, Butters! I don't have a choice! [goes into his closet and pulls out a box] Sorry, Grandma, but you brought this on yourself! [unpacks his Professor Chaos costume and puts it on] It's time you met... Chaos! [he bursts into the hallway] I've been pushed around for the last time! [runs to the guest bedroom, where Grammy is staying] Now I'm coming! And heck's coming with me! [bursts into Grammy's room, but is suddenly surprised at what he sees - Grammy in a supervillain outfit]"
Butterballs,Grammy,"Oh, look, it's Captain Pussy! [Professor Chaos is frozen in place] You can't stop me, Captain Pussy! Don't even try!"
Butterballs,Professor Chaos,Grandma? but how di-
Butterballs,Grammy,"I got inspired when I came across your gay little costume in your closet. [changes mood] Now come on, Captain Pussy! Time for you to get your Gummi bears!"
Butterballs,Professor Chaos,"No! Grandma please, nnnot Gummi bears!"
Butterballs,Grammy,Come 'ere! [rushes towards him]
Butterballs,Professor Chaos,Ahh! Grandma! [backs into a corner next to a small table. Grammy knocks the table over and pins Chaos against the wall]
Butterballs,Gramm,Stand up for yourself! Fight back! Be a fucking man!
Butterballs,Professor Chaos,I can't.
Butterballs,Grammy,Then it looks like you get... Gummi bears! [reaches into her mouth and pulls out her dentures] Gummy bears! [begins to gnaw at his left arm with her gums]
Butterballs,Professor Chaos,Awww! Eewww!
Butterballs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Mr. Bailey walks down the hallway to the boys' room. He goes inside and is surprised"
Butterballs,Nick Jabs,"[waiting with arms crossed] What's up? I'm Nick Jabs, president of the movie company that bought the bully video. [goes to lock the door]"
Butterballs,Bailey,Oh what? Stan Marsh got you to come talk to me?! That little cliché conflict resolution Kevin!
Butterballs,Jabs,"[advancing, making Bailey back up] The video was conceived, written, and directed by the South Park student body, you got that?!"
Butterballs,Bailey,It was my idea. I told the students to make the video and I-and I produced the entire thing! I deserve to have my name on it!
Butterballs,Jabs,"Yeah, only problem is America doesn't give a SHIT about an old fart with a Captain Kangaroo haircut! They wanna believe kids did something on their own. [hands him a sealed envelope] Here's a cease and desist letter from our lawyers. If you ever claim any authorship of the video again, we will sue you for everything you have!"
Butterballs,Bailey,But... but this was gonna be the thing that finally made Bully Buckers ™ a national organization.
Butterballs,Jabs,"Oh, you gonna cwy?! Oh don't cwy, you'll wook bad wif your wittle Captain Kangawoo haircut! [Mr. Bailey goes to the bathroom door, unlocks it, and walks out sobbing]"
Butterballs,Scene Description,"The hallway, around the same time. Cartman and Kenny are handing out posters and putting them on lockers. Kenny is positioning one of them on a locker as Kyle walks up to them"
Butterballs,Cartman,"'Kay kewl, hold it right there. Kewl. [nearby, Craig and Clyde take notice]"
Butterballs,Kyle,"Excuse me, what are you doing to my locker?"
Butterballs,Cartman,"We're putting up movie posters, Kyle! The premiere is tomorrow! But since you walked out on the video, you don't get to come! [blows a raspberry at him]"
Butterballs,Kyle,I don't wanna go to your stupid movie premiere! [walks away] And don't tape that to my locker! [walks into the boys' room and sees Stan waiting by the sink with arms crossed] Oh God. [Stan goes to lock the door]
Butterballs,Stan,"What's up, Kyle? Why are you trying to trash-talk our theatrical release?"
Butterballs,Kyle,Do you really think that this is good for Butters? To have his face put all over signs as the poster child for bullying?
Butterballs,Stan,"Butters is totally fine with it, dude."
Butterballs,Kyle,"Yeah? Well Butters is ten! He doesn't exactly know what's best for him, and neither do you!"
Butterballs,Stan,"Alright Kyle, that's enough! I'm not gonna be bullied by you, okay?!"
Butterballs,Kyle,What?! You were waiting for me in the bathroom!
Butterballs,Stan,Oh yeah.
Butterballs,Kyle,"Look, this is all getting way too big! Tell the movie studio you aren't selling the video to them."
Butterballs,Stan,"This video can change how people think about bullying! It needs to be seen by everybody, Kyle!"
Butterballs,Kyle,"If it needs to be seen by everybody, then why don't you put it out on the Internet for free?! [long pause] Well?!"
Butterballs,Stan,"...What, what was the question again?"
Butterballs,Kyle,"[slowly] If you really think every kid in America should see your anti-bullying movie, then why don't you put it on the Internet, for free?!"
Butterballs,Stan,"...Get, get out of here, Kyle! I'm trying to go to the bathroom!"
Butterballs,Kyle,"[turns around and walks out] Fine! But when you're naked and jackin' it in San Diego, don't ask me for help! [closes the door.]"
Butterballs,Stan,[left wondering] Why does he keep saying that?
Butterballs,Scene Description,The Dr. Oz Show
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,"We all know that bullying has become an epidemic. Like AIDS, bullying is escalating and is spread mostly by penises. But now a few school kids are trying to make a difference with a video to make bullying kill itself. [Switch to Camera 2, which shows Stan and Butters seated next to Dr. Oz. Butters is not too happy to be there, so he rests his head on his right hand] I'm joined by the film's director as well as the weak little boy who's the main subject of the film. Stan, congratulations on all your success."
Butterballs,Stan,"Well, I just got tired of seeing people like Butters getting pushed around, and I knew I had to do somethin' about it. [the audience applauds]"
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,And how about you? What would you like to say to your bully out there?
Butterballs,Butters,"Oh uh, nothin'."
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,"Come on, this is for everyone who's been a victim. What do you wanna say to bullies all across America? Go ahead. [Butters raises his head] Right now. Say it."
Butterballs,Butters,Uh stop... Stop trying to make me say things I don't want to on your TV show.
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,"Do you hear that, bullies? Stop making kids say things on your TV shows! [the audience applauds] What else do you wanna say, Butters?"
Butterballs,Butters,"[feeling cornered] Please, leave me alone."
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,"Leave him alone! But that doesn't work, does it Butters?"
Butterballs,Butters,No it doesn't.
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,Tell us in graphic detail what the bully does to you?!
Butterballs,Butters,Stop it!
Butterballs,Dr. Oz,"Come on, this is for America! [Stan begins to get concerned. Butters looks to Stan for some reassurance] Do you realize that in America, ohohoh, over 200,000 students are afraid to go to school because of bullying?! [Butters' anger begins to rise] Don't you care?! You better care! [Butters loses it and attacks Dr. Oz. The audience cheers him on. Dr. Oz collapses to the floor and Butters begins to punch him in the face]"
Butterballs,Scene Description,"The movie company's head office, day. Stan has been summoned to the office"
Butterballs,Mr. Jabs,What the hell were you thinking?! Everyone just saw that the bully victim in your movie is actually a violent psychopath!
Butterballs,Stan,I didn't know.
Butterballs,Mr. Jabs,"This could kill our box office. People are gonna come after us now, saying we didn't check our facts!"
Butterballs,Stan,I didn't beat up Dr. Oz! Don't be mad at me!
Butterballs,Mr. Jabs,"It's your fuckin' movie! Now I'm gonna have to work overtime with marketing to make sure people still sympathize with our victim! Jesus, just get the fuck out of here! I've gotta go to the bathroom! [goes to the bathroom as Stan leaves. Inside the bathroom he runs into Jesus with his arms crossed] Uh oh."
Butterballs,Jesus,"My child, [goes to lock the door] have you ever heard of a place called Hell? It's eternal fire, and it's gonna hurt real bad."
Butterballs,Mr. Jabs,Uh... [lowers his head]
Butterballs,Jesus,"Oh, what are you gonna do? cwy now?"
Butterballs,Scene Description,"Grammy's room, night. Butters cracks the door open and walks in while she's asleep. She's facing away from him, so he can't see how she responds"
Butterballs,Butters,"Grandma? I did it, Grandma. [she opens her eyes] I finally stood up for myself. I got real mean and I beat the snot outta Dr. Oz. [she frowns] I can't lie, it felt kind of good. [she smiles] At first. But since then all I have is just... a kind of dark, empty feeling. Then I realized... that's how you must feel. All the time. [her smile fades] Poor old Grandma. You know, I-I've been gettin' lots of advice how to deal with you. Stand up to you, tell on you... But I kind of realize there's just people like you out there. All over the place. When you're a kid, things seem like they're gonna last forever. But they're not. Life changes. Why you won't always be around. Someday you're gonna die. [the anger leaves Grammy's face] Someday pretty soon. [he approaches Grammy] And when you're layin' in that hospital bed, with tubes up your nose, and that little pan under your butt to pee in, well I'll come visit ya. I'll come just to show you that, that I'm still alive and I'm still happy. And you'll die. Bein' nothin' but you. [walks back to the door] 'Night Grandma. [exits and closes the door]"
Butterballs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next morning. Stan walks through the front doors and the students all boo him and throw wads of paper at him"
Butterballs,Stan,"Huh? Aw, come on! [comes across Clyde, Craig, and Cartman and stops] Dude, what's going on?"
Butterballs,Clyde,"You didn't hear?! Now that America knows Butters was actually a violent psychopath, they're saying you made a bull-crap bullying video!"
Butterballs,Stan,Wha? What's the movie studio saying about it?
Butterballs,Cartman,The studio backed out! The producer had a change of heart! BOOOOO!
Butterballs,Red,You made us look like uncaring idiots!
Butterballs,Craig,Yeah. Boooo!
Butterballs,Stan,How was I supposed to know Butters was actually a violent psychopath?
Butterballs,Timmy,[rolls up] Boooo!
Butterballs,Stan,[moves off a bit] Everyone loved me sixteen hours ago.
Butterballs,Mr. Mackey,"Stan? Stan, okay, ABC called and Dr. Oz is suing you and our entire school! What are you gonna do?!"
Butterballs,Stan,"[sighs in resignation] I guess, there's only one thing left for me to do."
Butterballs,Scene Description,"A plane moves through the sky and lands at San Diego International Airport. Stan walks through the airport with two suitcases, then through the San Diego Zoo, then through Coronado Island, then takes a taxi ride through the Gaslamp District."
Butterballs,Singer (background singers),"Baaam badam baaam baaadam. Baaam badam bam Baaam badam baaam baaadam. Baaam badam bam I'm gonna jack it where the sun always shines. (He's gonna jack it) Been spreadin' the word and now I need to ease my mind. (Jackin' it) (Ohhhh...) Been plantin' them apple seeds and while the apples grow, I'm gonna go out jackin' it in San Diego! [the singers pop up] (Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack Spankin' it, jackin' it, spankin' it smack) [Stan is at a street corner and begins to undress] I don't need no shirt, no, gonna take 'dem pants right off (he's about to jack it) On such a bright day who needs underwear or socks? (Jackin' jack it) (Ohhhh...) Been around God's country, and there's one thing I know. [Stan begins to dance] There's no better place for jackin' it than San Diego! [the two background singers arrive and stand between Stan and the camera] (Jack it, jack it, jackin' it jack Smackin' it, smackin' it, smackin' it smack Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack [the lead singer comes in] Jackin' it, smackin' it, smackin' it smack) Jackin' for the Loooord!"
Butterballs,Jerry Sanders,"[Mayor of San Diego] Come to San Diego. There's so much to see. [real photos of the places he mentions appear] From the sparkling waters of Mission Bay to the warm tortillas of Old Town. And after a day of sight-seeing, why not try spankin' it in one of our charming city streets? San Diego. Come, take a load off. [Behind him, Stan is still dancing at the street corner]"
Butterballs,Scene Description,"The three singers are at Sea World. Stan dances across the screen at Coronado Island with his back to the camera, then dances at a Mission-style building, then is back at the corner masturbating at passing cars. Someone captures the spectacle from a nearby window. A priest walks by reading a newspaper. He notices Stan and is surprised enough to lose the paper"
Butterballs,Singer (background singers),"(Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack Spankin' it, spankin' it, smackin' it smack A whackin' it, whackin' it, whackin' it whack Smackin' it, jerkin' it, smackin' it smack) The cars are passin' me by, they're honkin', say hello."
Butterballs,Passenger,[from a passing car] Hey that guy's jackin' it!
Butterballs,Singer (background singers),"From his window there's a guy shootin' video. (Video of him jackin' it) And if the good Lord Jesus comes knockin' on my door, Just tell him that I'm jackin' it in San Diego. [a tourist map shows up with Stan dancing on it] (Jackin' it, jackin' it, jackin' it jack Spankin' it, spankin' it, smackin' it smack (he's about to jack it) Whack it jack it whack it jack it whackin' it jack Whack it whack it smack whack whackin' it whack)"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"The opening shots this week parody those of ""I Shouldn't Be Alive"", with dramatic zooms and pans. Then a shot of Stan running in zipline gear"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,Kyle! [his voice echoes as he looks around frantically]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,The opening shots again
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. [A shot of Kyle running, also in zipline gear, through the forest.]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,AAAAAAAH! I can't take it! [a shot of Cartman moving down the zip line helplessly]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Somebody help us! [motion blur back to opening shots]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"Trapped in an unforgiving mountain wilderness with no way out. [a shot each of Kyle, Kenny, and Stan screaming, then of a bloodied Stan on the zip line, then of Cartman, then of Kyle] The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,[being interviewed] We were stuck. We were completely stuck. [cut to Cartman running]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Kyle, hurry! [a shot of Stan with Kyle]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Kyle, wake up! You've gotta wake up, Kyle! [a shot each of Kyle, Kenny, Stan, and Cartman screaming, then of the four boys on a wooden platform at the top of a zip line, then of Cartman, then of a trip through the esophagus, then of Cartman, and back to the first shot]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"For four elementary school boys. an ordinary day becomes a descent into madness on tonight's episode of ""I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining""."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"[inside a van, in a window seat] Oh God!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,[running towards the camera] No!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"""The events in this film took place over 4 hours in the Colorado Rockies"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,Help! We're trapped! [A shot of all four boys bloodied and woozy] We've gotta get out of here!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"""This is a true story."""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,A bright sun rises over the town of South Park
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"It's the last day of Spring break, [a shot of the school] and all over the small mountain town of South Park, [back at the park, kids play on the basketball court or go down a slide, or fly kites.] students are trying to have as much fun as possible. [a girl shows off her dog to two friends, a boy aims his water gun at another boy and runs after him, two other boys toss a football between them. The camera stops at a table with four boys. Tow of them sit at the bench, two others stand. Kenny plays with a twig] For ten year old Stan Marsh and his friends Kyle, Eric, and Kenny, the last day has come too soon."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] We really had spent the whole spring break watching TV and playing Xbox, you know, so, we, we wanted to go out and do something really adventurous."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,We could go to the city pool. They have a water slide
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Noo nono, I'm not getting in a pool with Kenny. He has herpes."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,[offended] (What?!)
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Look at his lip. [to Kenny] You've got herpes, dude."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,"[throws the twig away] (This is not herpes, it's a cold sore!)"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"No- cold sore is what girls call it, Kenny. It's actually herpes."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Come on guys, the day is wasting away. What would be something really cool we could do?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] And then like, out of nowhere, somebody came up with the idea of ziplining."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Hey yeah, ziplining! That could be really cool!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,We've definitely not done that before!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,I think there's a place just outside of town. I'll see if my uncle Jimbo will drop us off.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Cool! Ziplining.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Ziplining. Hell yeah.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"Within thirty minutes, the boys are getting a ride to the ziplining outfitters from Stan's uncle Jimbo. [a shot of the boys chattering in the back]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"[being interviewed] We were in a good mood, just jokin' around, you know, mostly making fun of Kenny's herpes."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Hey Kenny! You got herpes, dude! Ah I almost touched him. [leans over to see how close his finger can reach without touching] Zi- [Kenny puts his right mitten over his mouth and Cartman pulls his left hand back playfully] Oh, sick Kenny! No! Gross."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,"(Dude, it's just a fever blister!)"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Heh, did you hear that guys? Kenny said it's just a fever blister. [laughs] You sound like a chick, Kenny. That's herpes, dude. You got that shit till you die."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,It's the idyllic spring break getaway with friends and laughter. [a shot of the boys cheering as they approach Backcountry Adventures]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"Inside Backcountry Adventures, day"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Clerk,"Hey, you guys here for the 2 o'clock zipline tour?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,Yeah.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Clerk,"All right, let me get you some helmet and some gear and we'll get up there and hit that fresh nar nar."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] And so they put us in these harnesses and helmets. I th-I think that's when we started realizing, ""Oh wow, this is actually pretty dangerous."""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Clerk,"[he's got the boys dressed up] All right, you guys look ready to zipline!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Alright!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Clerk,"Okay, just follow me over to the waiting room and we'll have you take a seat with the others."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] And we were like, ""Other? We have to do this with other people?"" [a shot of the boys entering the waiting room, where there are seven other people waiting]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Woman 1,Hi there.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 1,Hello.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Woman 2,Hi
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"The boys have just made a sobering discovery. [a shot of Stan's internal organs and spine] For ten year old Stan Marsh, the realization that he will be with a tour group has caused his adrenal glands to slow down. [this is shown] The average human acts a certain way when surrounded by friends and family. [Stan's brain and skull are shown] But, in a tour group, the brain has to work overtime, acting nice and pretending to care about people on the tour."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Woman 2,"[quite pregnant] Hey, how are you?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,[mimicking] Good. How are you?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] So then we sit there for like, thirty minutes, because we had to wait for this couple who was running late. [the couple arrives]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Clerk,"Alright, our last zipliners are here. [Kyle and Cartman are visibly angry]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 2,"Sorry we made you wait, everybody. [A shot of Kyle's mouth interior is shown]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"Inside Kyle's mouth, the muscles contract to force a smile, even though in his brain, Kyle is thinking, ""Dude, fuck you!"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,We don't mind.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"[being interviewed] Now everyone was there. We thought things would start getting fun, but... that's when we had to watch the safety video. [the benches are rearranged so the zipliners can watch a TV screen above them]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Clerk,Welcome to Backcountry Adventures! Well hey there Michael!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"[who's just the clerk, naturally] Hey there Michael. [Everyone behind the boys laughs.]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] It was... I don't know, ten, maybe fifteen minutes of pure hell. [return to the tour]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Oh, and don't forget... to take in the nar. Back to you, Michael."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,Thanks Michael. [turns off the TV] Anybody have any questions?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,...No.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 2,I have a question: Can we review the best ways to hold a rope again? [the boys are stunned that this needs to be done]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] ""Really? You're gonna make us all listen to it again 'cause you couldn't understand? Really?"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,Let's get out there and get zippin'! [everyone rises and heads out of the waiting room]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Finally!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"The boys think their ordeal is over, but what they don't realize is that things are about to go from bad to worse."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,Outside Backcountry Adventures
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Here we go guys! Zipliniiin'! [goes into an open-leg stance, makes a fist with his left hand, holding out the thumb and pinkie]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide 1,"[a woman, waiting by a van that has been out earlier in the day] Everyone just step on in the shuttle. [opens the van's sliding door. The zipliners head for it]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,...Shuttle?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"How, how long do we have to take the shuttle?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,It's about forty-five minutes.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"It's a devastating blow. For Kyle, it's almost too much to bear. [a look at Kyle's brain] His brain is already lacking excitement, and now just the word ""shuttle"" makes Kyle's brain fire neurons [this is shown] that bring up memories of just how lame shuttles can be. [two images of overloaded shuttle buses appear, then footage of the Space Shuttle Challenger going up and exploding, and Kyle is scared]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Well, come on, we don't have a choice. [leads the others to the shuttle van.]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"The shuttle ride, later. It sure is bumpy."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright guys, should be about forty five minutes to the freshest nar nar. Why don't we go around the van and get to know each other a little bit?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,Uh that's okay.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 3,"Well my name's Pete Nichols and this is my wife Donna, and uh... make a long story short, we came out here to see our relatives who live down in Moab. They uhhh been livin' there about twenty years now, and uh, long story short, they told us that as long as we were in the Rockies we should try ziplining, so, long story short, we looked around in the newspapers and on the Internet and... on billboooards, and... you know, make a long story short, we found this company and thought we'd give 'er a try, so then we called and, we made a reservation, and that's when, you know, long story short, we just thought- [Cartman begins to mutter angrily]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"[hour 2] It's almost three o'clock, and the boys are still on the shuttle."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,We're gettin' close. Are you guys gettin' psyched?!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Adults,Wooo!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"But what the boys don't realize is that a massie storm is brewing. [Cartman is drinking some Mountain Dew from a can. The camera looks around the van] Last night, Eric Cartman had kung pao spaghetti from California Pizza Kitchen. [the camera goes down Eric's esophagus] Inside Eric's stomach, the kung pao has just met with the Del Taco he ate for breakfast. It has already started to tear down the layers of barbeque BK toppers that have been building up for months. [the camera comes back up the esophagus and out Cartman's mouth] And now, to compensate for all the annoying tourists, Eric is ingesting massive amounts of Mountain Dew. [the camera goes back down Cartman's throat] The caffeine and sugar turn the soupy fast-food liquid in his stomach into a toxic gas. [a quick journey through the intestines is shown] When the gas is released, it carries with it tiny particles of Eric's fecal matter. [the sphincter is shown] Fecal matter which floats up and into Kyle's nasal passage. [this is shown, along with Kyle's reaction]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"Dude, did you fart?!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Mmmm, no?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright buys, we're here! [The van pulls up to the first entrace to Zipline Adventures. Both Stan and Kenny look sleepy]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,Thank God. [everyone is out of the van as Guide 1 goes up to the launch pad two stories up. The pad is attached to a pine tree]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright, here we are. Looks like we got some good nar to zipline through today. Uh, but before we climb up and start ziplining, does anyone care to know about these trees' biology?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,The trees' biology?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"We are running a little late, but if anyone really wants to know, we could take a few minutes."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,I think we're good.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 2,[raises his left hand] I'd like to know about the biology of the trees.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Okay, well, this is a Ponderosa pine. It covers a more extensive area than other Ameri-"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] So after Asshole gets his biology lesson, we finally get to go ziplining! [Cartman is hooked up]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright, remember to keep your clear of the cable and just let your equipment do the work. [a shot of the tour group] Now, when you're about halfway down the zipline, the camera's gonna take your picture, so when I call out ""Shockabra!"", look up and give the camera a nice ""shockabra"" [two fists with thumbs and pinkies extended]. Alright, you ready?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Yeah. [Michael shortens the strap between Cartman and the zipline, and holds him up]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,Ready to do some ZIPPIN'?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Yeah.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright, let's hear you say ""Zipliiine!"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Zipliiine. [Michael sends him on his way]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,[voice-over] Shockabra! [Cartman holds out his fists as indicated above and the camera takes his picture]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide 1,"Woohoo! Alright, nice zip!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"Well? How was it, Cartman?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Totally fuckin' stupid, dude!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[as Kyle is prepped] Oh, really??"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Yeah dude, it's fuckin' boring as shit!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright Kyle, give me a ""Zipliiine!"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Zipline. [Michael sends him on his way]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Shockabra! [does the fists. Kyle does the fists too and the camera takes his picture, but he's mad]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] It was like having the life sucked out of you. That' all it is, sliding down a cable. Maybe without a tour group it'd be ...kind of fun. Maybe. But, this was just... a complete disaster."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"After a grueling twenty minutes, waiting for everyone else to ride the zipline, the boys relaize they have just wasted hours of their time. And that, is when the unthinkable happens."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright guys, let's get movin'! Only ten minutes till our next zipliiine! [the others cheer, but the boys are worried.]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"[being interviewed] ""The next zipline? What are you talking about?"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"E-excuse me, w-we aren't going back now? Aren't we done?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,This is Zipline Tours. We got sixteen more to go.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,[being interviewed] And it was like WHAM. [makes a fist with his right hand and punches his left handn with it.]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,STOP!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,NOOOO!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide,Everyone back in the shuttle!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,"Kyle, Cartman",NOOOO! [the adults and a fifth kid get back into the van]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"The boys realize that their ziplining nightmare has only just begun. [the boys scream and some scens of the next ziplines flash by: Michael sends someone down the zipline, he plays guitar during a break ""led me through that""]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide,Anyone have any questions about the creek we're about to cross?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 2,Yes.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Boys,"AAAA! [shots of Kyle, Kenny, and Stan]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Adults,"""Ack"" went the little frog one day. ""Ack"" went the little green frog..."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! [opening shots return]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,Let 'er rip! [sends Man 2 on his way]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 4,Zipliiine!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Next zipline's up here, we call it the Terminator."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Wugh!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Trapped in an unforgiving mountain wilderness with a tour group.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Pete,"But, you know, to make a long story short, I woke up this morning and- [Woman 1 is shown going down, then man 1, then]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 2,[with his wife] Could you get another picture of us? [hands Kyle the camera]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,[frustrated] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! [a shot of the whole group is shown]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,[on his way down a zipline.] I'm so fucking bored! [Hour 3 arrives. Michael sends the next zipliner on down. The others cheer her on]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Alright, you going next, Ricky? [hooks Ricky up and sends him down]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,The boys,[on the ground] Help! Somebody! Help us! [the adults on the launch pad cheer the next zipliner down]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,It's no use. There's nobody around for miles.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,There could be a helicopter. Maybe one will fly overhead.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,[grabs Stan's arms] Face it Stan! Nobody's coming for us! [another zipliner goes down]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Zipliner,Zipline!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Adults,Woohoo!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"We should have never listened to you, Kyle."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Me?!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Yeah you! In the park this morning?! ""I know, let's all go ziplining! We've never done that before!"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"Oh no, don't try to pin this on me! You're the one who brought it up!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,I brought it up because you already brought it up!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,[being interviewed] That's when I realized nobody remembered. Nobody remembered it was me who came up with the idea to go ziplining. Me.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,You fat piece of shit!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Fuck you Kyle!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Guys, guys, does it really matter whose idea it was?!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,"Cartman, Kyle",Yes!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Alright, look, we can make it, you guys. We can't panic. If the four of us don't zipline the tour will move faster. We are gonna make it out of here, okay?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"But what the boys don't realize is that Eric's body is already shutting down from stage 4 diarrhea. [the camera goes down Cartman's throat.] Inside his stomach, bile has just dislodged an Arby's Ultimate Angus. In the average human, this would only cause mild diarrhea. [the camera goes back up his throat and out his mouth] But Eric Cartman is now drinking Double Dew, a Mountain Dew product with twice the sugar and caffeine of regular Mountain Dew. [the camera goes back in] His rancid feces is now rapidly converting to a thick paste. [a quick trip through Cartman's intestines, as before] The diarrhea shoots out of Eric's anus and into his underwear. [this is shown, and the smell wafts up into Kyle's nose] Eric Cartman is a ticking time bomb."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,DUDE! Did you just shit your pants?!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Nnnn-mo...
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] So, I just tried to keep the tour group moving, as fast as possible."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"All right guys, this is where we're going to break for lunch."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide,"[standing in a covered lunch area] Come in by the waterfall, gang! [it's a small waterfall]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Oh no, could, could we skip lunch and keep going?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Man 2,Skip a free lunch? Not me! [runs to the lunch area. The other zipliners follow]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide,Wo wants sandwiches? [pulls out sealed sandwiches from a portable ice box] We got ...turkey. [Man 2 takes that one] Ham. [another zipliner takes that one] Turkey ham. [another zipliner takes that one...]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Pete,"[in the background] Long story short, we picked up our bags and went to our hotel. [in the foreground the boys are sitting on their own log with the word HELP on the ground before them made with twigs and branches]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Oogh! Ugh! You guys, seriously! Something's wrong in my tummy! [keeps sipping the Double Dew]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"The stop drinking Double Dew, fatass!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"This is Diet Double Dew Kyle! It only has half the caffeine and sugar of Double Dew. [at the bottom of the can is a blurb saying ""DEW THE MATH!""] Oh man, you guys, I gotta get to a bathroom fast."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,You're in a forest! Go take a crap!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"If I crap in the woods, the blood will attract beavers, Kyle!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[runs up to the tour guides] Hey ah, I'm so sorry, but we have an emergency. Our friend is really really sick."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Oh, you mean the little kid with the herpes?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,...Yyyeah.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide,"That's not herpes, it's a cold sore."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Right, sorry."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Yeah, his, his cold sore is really bad, and uhh he's losing blood, so we've gotta go."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Jesus, sorry dude, but we're at the summit. The only way down is to zip down."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Some adults,Zipline! Wooo!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Guide,What about the stables?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Michael,"Oh yeah, the stables. There's, there's a ranch right past that hill that rents out horses. I, I bet they can get you back."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] Suddenly, Stan says he knows about some horse stables. Ih it seemed too good to be true."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Rancher,"Now let me get this straight: You want four horses, one for each of ya?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Yea, please!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Rancher,Well I think we can set ya up.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"Oh, thank God!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,You see guys? This is gonna be sweet after all.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Rancher,"Step right out here, we'll get you going. [leads the boys out to a horseback riding tour] Got four more for you, Duncan. [All the riders wave and say hello, and a few take pictures]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,NOOO! [opening shots return]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"AAAAH! [the boys are now shown on horseback in this order: Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,[still aching] Eeeeugh.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Trapped in a tour group on horsback that is only allowed to travel four miles an hour. [the camera tries some dramatic moves]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Can we please go faster?!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,(I can't take it!)
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Duncan,We got some lunch set up for ya up ahead. Some turkey sandwiches and Diet Double Dew.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,AAAAAAAAAAH!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,Uh oh. [lets out a wet fart]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Rider 1,"[to Kyle] So anyway, long story short, I was born in 1953 at six in the morning."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"An attempt to make a bad day better becomes a descent into madness on... ""I Should Have Never Thought Horseback Riding Would Be Any Better Than Ziplining"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"The lunch site, moments later."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Duncan,This here waterfall is called Heartbreak Falls. Would you all like to know why it's called Heartbreak Falls?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Rider 2,"Well I certainly would! [Other riders do too. Nearby, Kyle has collapsed]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Kyle. Kyle? Kyle, come on, wake up!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Just go. Go without me.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"No, we're not leaving you here, Kyle!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"I can't take it anymore. [his voice gets weaker] Why do people say ""long story short""? They're not making it short, Stan."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] I just sat there, watching Kyle die and... I wanted to tell him the truth right then and there. But then this... fire rose up inside of me, I... I thought ""I can find us a way out!"" I ran off and went searching for, I don't know how long. Twelve minutes? And that's when I found it."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[returns from his search quite excited] You guys, you guys! Get up! Listen to me! There's a lake a hundred yards down that way! They've got a marina with boats just sitting there!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,A marina?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"We can take a boat, you guys! We can probably take it all the way back to Fairplay!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,What's the point?
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,Come on you guys! A boat all to ourselves? It'll be fun! What could possibly go wrong?! [an announcer says the following lines]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"""The following program contains graphic re-enactments that may be disturbing to some audience members."" The marina. This is the live-action segment of the episode"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. [shots of the boys screaming on various parts of the boat] Trapped on a 42-foot powerboat [named Puffin] which is only allowed to go five miles an hour. [some footage is dropped to speed up the boat in time-lapse form]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Because we keep getting screwed over by your diarrhea!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Well it's not my diarrhea's fault that you took us all ziplining, you fuckin' Jew!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"Ziplining was your idea, you fatass!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,The fourth graders are in a nightmare they cannot escape.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"Kenny, whose idea was it to go ziplining? Mine, or Kyle's?"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,[slurring his speech] I don't know. I really don't give a shit.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"For four elementary school boys, an alrady tragic day becomes a descent into madness on... ""I Should Have Never Got On A Goddamn Boat"" [more shots of the boys on the Puffin]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Oh no. [Cartman lowers a 20-oz. bottle of Mountain Dew] You're not stinking up the entire boat! You're taking a crap off the side into the water!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"""The events in this film took place over 4 hours in the Colorado Rockies."" Cartman is shitting over the side of the boat, Stan screams, Kyle and Kenny vomit over other sides, Cartman continues to shit"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,Beavers! [a beaver is swimming in the water]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"""This is a true story."""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,The boys are resting on a bench on the boat now
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"After cleaning Cartman's diarrhea and fighting off beavers, the boys have made a terrifying discovery: that boating is just as boring as ziplining."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,[being interviewed] The boat went really slow and it just went round and round.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,WAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"If the boys fall asleep now, from the lack of excitement, they could die. [Stan looks ready to sleep. Cartman takes a swig of Mountain Dew]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Here! [takes Cartman's bottle] Everyone drink some Mountain Dew!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] I don't know, I-I just thought if we all drank the Mountain Dew, the caffeine and the sugar would help us stay awake. I told Cartman he has to share it."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,I'm not sharing with Kenny. He has herpes!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kenny,"Hey. [tugs on Cartman, who turns to look at him] Fuck you, Cartman."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Scene Description,"The Puffin, some time later"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Four young boys in Colorado are on a trip from hell. [individual shots of the boys. They all have oral herpes now] And just when it seems it can't get any worse... [the boys are nodding off again]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"...Kenny? Kenny! [Kenny has slid down on the seat, but his eyes are open]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,Kenny McCormick has died of boredom.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny! YOU BASTARDS!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"No, not they, YOU! Look what your ziplining idea has done! You killed Kenny, YOU're the bastard!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"IT WASN'T MY IDEA, IT WAS YOURS! YOU KILLED KENNY, YOU BASTARD!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed] And finally, I couldn't hold it in anymore. I said ""Stop it!"""
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,[rises and walks a bit] Stop it! It was me! My idea.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,You?!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Four days ago, I came across a brochure for ziplining. [reaches into his pocket and pulls out the brochure for Backcountry Adventures, then looks at it for a few seconds] I thought it would be fun. I only acted like it was an idea we all came up with together. [Kyle and Cartman look at each other]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"So you intended for us to go ziplining all along? Why, Stan?!"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[turns to face them] If you signed up three friends, you got a free iPod Nano. [the camera pans down and sure enough, the offer is on the brochure cover: Sign up 3 friends and get an iPod NANO!!!]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,You sold us out?! For an iPod Nano?!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,I had no idea ziplining would be so boring.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,[points at Stan] You... You killed Kenny! [Stan begins to weep]
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"You BAStard! You BAStard, Stan! [a shot of Kenny, then a shot of the three surviving boys crying. Kyle cries on Cartman's shoulder and Cartman comforts him]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,"[being interviewed] How many iPod Nanos is friendship worth? I guess, one."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"[being interviewed, crying] The hardest part about it is knowing you can't take it back. [wipes away the flowing tears] I mean, it was the fifth-generation Nano, so I can't trade it in anywhere."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"But then, miraculously, the boys' prayers are finally answered. [the boys look around, startled]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,[being interviewed] It was a miracle. He came to save us and take us back home.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,You came for us!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Kyle,Mr. Hankey!
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Stan,"Thank you. [whispers] Mr. Hankey. [Mr. Hankey has landed on the boat, at the top of an armrest]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Mr. Hankey,"[without the falsetto voice] Howdy ho, boys? Let's get you back home. [the boys are overjoyed at their good fortune]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,[being interviewed] We were saved. It was over.
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"After nearly four hours in the Colorado wilderness, the boys are finally going home. From the boat, the boys were airlifted aboard Mr. Hankey's magical helicrapter. [shown, the images are back to the cartoon form] In the four hours since they had left home, the boys had traveled so far that Mr. Hankey then had to fly them on his Seven Turdy Seven. [a jet plane made of poo] From there, it was only an hour ride back home on the Poochoo Express. [The ziplining Shockabra pictures are shown] Four friends, turn apart by tragedy [Kenny's image vanishes, leaving the forest background in place], would now start the long journey back to forgiveness. Kenny McCormick's remains were finally brought home to his parents. [Mr. Hankey delivers them personally. The parents are distraught] And the boys received treatment for their herpes. [two paramedics treat Stan and Cartman as Mr. Hankey looks on from above. Stan and Cartman focus on Mr. Hankey.]"
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"[being interviewed] No, I didn't get herpes, I just had a cold sore."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Narrator,"[shots of the scenes being described are shown] Kyle Broflovski spent twenty seven days in the hospital having fecal matter removed from his nasal passages. Stan Marsh dedicated himself to raising awareness about the boredom risks of ziplining. [a lecture tour. Stan is shown on stage with a ""No on Ziplining"" logo] His awareness videos became so popular that Stan once again ended up jacking it in San Diego. As for Eric Cartman, [shown as a mountaineer] he refused to let the tragedy stop him from doing what he loves most. In just two weeks, he was back to drinking Diet Double Dew, defiant to dew the math."
I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining,Cartman,"[being interviewed] It's diet, dude. Diet soda doesn't give you diarrhea. [takes a long sip]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway, day. The kids are milling around as Butters' wail is heard."
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"[runs across the hallway] Fellas! Fellas! Fellas! [spots them in another hallway and runs to them] AAAAH, fellas!"
Cartman Finds Love,Stan,What? [most of the fourth grade boys gather around]
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"[stops and catches his breath, then jabs his right index finger at the floor] Guess what Larry Barsky just told me?!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,What?
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,[jabs his finger again] Guess!
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Just tell us, Butters."
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,There's a new girl that started school here today. And she's joined the cheerleading squad.
Cartman Finds Love,Craig,"Oh, we have a new cheerleader?"
Cartman Finds Love,Clyde,What's she look like?
Cartman Finds Love,Kenny,"(Yeah, what's her name?)"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[taking control of the situation] Alright guys, alright! If there is a new girl at our school, we're not gonna start putting claims on her and getting into big fights! It's gonna be her choice who she likes the most."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The school gym, moments later. Some double doors are open and Butters peeks in. The other boys gather behind him, and soon all their jaws drop."
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"Look, look, there she is. [near the bleachers opposite the doors are five girls: Red, Wendy, Bebe, Lola, and Jenny. Between Wendy and Bebe are two pompoms waiting for a sixth cheerleader, who arrives shortly. It's a black girl. The other five girls begin talking to her all at once]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Oh my God. Token, aren't you stoked? [Token looks over at him. The girls start practicing] Aww, that's awesome, Token. I'm happy for you."
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[anger flashes across his face] Why?! Why are you happy for me?!
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Dude, I'm being seriously. You guys will be really cute together. What are you gonna say to her?"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Nothing! [walks away]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[confused] What the? ...Oh, Token's shy. Oh my God, that is adorable."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Fourth Grade class, some time later. Mr. Garrison is at the blackboard teaching the class about Game of Thrones"
Cartman Finds Love,Mr. Garrison,"And so what we start to see now is a pattern in world history much like the Greeks and the Romans. Remember that there were seven families fighting for control of the land of Westeroth. The king of Westeroth was who? Robert Baratheon [circles BARATHEON on the board], and he asked Eddard, also known as, of course, Lord Stark, to serve as hand of the king. You remember that Lord Stark accepted, or course. The queen's family - that's the Lannisters - were really trying back then to take control, weren't they? So where were the Targaryens at this time? Well, they were across the sea. We all talked about how they were also trying to take the throne. So we've got the Greeks, the Romans, the Starks, Lannisters, Baratheons, Targaryens, all headed for a big blowout right in Season 2. Now, what I really wanted to get into today is what was going on in the north, because that's just a whole other mess- [during the lecture, the following takes place]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[fairly whispering throughout, beginning when Mr. Garrison mentions Lord Stark. He sits between Token and the new girl and grins as he looks at each of them by turn] Dude... Token! [jerks his head a bit in the girl's direction and points at her] Token. Dude. [Token looks at him, then goes back to taking notes. Cartman smiles] Psst. Token. [points to the girl again, but puts his right hand up so she doesn't notice. Token is annoyed] Go ahead. Go ahead dude. Token! Yeah, get in there."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"[annoyed as well] Will you shut the hell up?! [goes back to taking notes. Cartman finally picks up his pen, but doesn't write anything]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,...Token. You want me to pass her a jelly bean?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[whispers back] No!
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Huh?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[louder] No!
Cartman Finds Love,Mr. Garrison,"[stops talking and turns to the class] Token, is there a problem? [Token is a loss for words, but Cartman fields this question]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Ah, he's just a little sick, Mr. Garrison. He's got boneritis. [begins to laugh at his own joke] Right guys? [tries to hold the laugh in]"
Cartman Finds Love,Mr. Garrison,"Everyone pay attention! [goes back to the board] Now, what I really wanna get into today is what was going on in the north, because that's just a whole other mess that's pretty hard to keep straight, isn't it? The Night's Watch- [while Garrison resumes his lesson, Cartman resumes his prodding]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[quickly looks at the girl and at Token] Token. [leans back in his seat so Token has a clear view of the girl] Dude, dude. Dude."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Bebe and Red are at Bebe's locker, talking."
Cartman Finds Love,Red,"So then Kelly I guess told Stacey that she wasn't invited, so now Stacey's pissed at us."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[approaching] Hey, guys? Can I talk to you?"
Cartman Finds Love,Bebe,[shuts her locker] Why?!
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[motions to his left] Just, can I talk to you, real quick? [walks the girls over to the end of the hallway] What kind of stuff is the new girl saying about Token?"
Cartman Finds Love,Red,About Token? Why?
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Well, Token's really shy, so, I'm just here, sort of on his behalf 'cause, you know."
Cartman Finds Love,Bebe,Token likes Nichole?
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Yeah, of course. [the girls look at each other]"
Cartman Finds Love,Red,"Oh yeah, I don't think she has any idea."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Yeah, so, could you guys just let her know that, you know, she might have to make the first move?"
Cartman Finds Love,Bebe,Okay.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Thanks, you guys."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Bebe's basement, day. She and the other five cheerleaders are playing the board game, Living. Lola rolls the dice and releases them."
Cartman Finds Love,Lola,"[moves up four steps] One two three four, sorry Bebe."
Cartman Finds Love,Bebe,"Oh, that's okay. [the girls laugh about it] So, Nichole, guess what? One of the boys here already has a crush on you."
Cartman Finds Love,"Lola, Jenny, Red, and Wendy",Ohhh.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Oh my gosh, who?"
Cartman Finds Love,Red,That boy Token.
Cartman Finds Love,Wendy,"Oh he's really nice, Nichole. I dated him for a little while. [the other girls chime in, showing their support. The camera pulls back a bit, and Cartman is shown eavesdropping just outside a basement window]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Oh jeez, thanks you guys, but to be totally honest, I kinda think this other boy is cute."
Cartman Finds Love,Bebe,[excited] Who? Whowhowhowho?
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"That kid, with the orange coat and the green hat?"
Cartman Finds Love,Wendy,"Oh, you mean Kyle?"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Yeah.
Cartman Finds Love,The Girls,"Ooooh, Kyle."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,WHAT?! KYLE?! [the girls don't hear him]
Cartman Finds Love,Bebe,Nichole loves Kyle! Nichole and Kyle sittin' in a tree.
Cartman Finds Love,The Girls,K-I-S-S-O-M-G!
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Haha, shut up you guys! It's just a crush. [the girls laugh while Cartman gets livid]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Motherfucker! [gets up and runs off]
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. The girls are practicing on the football field as three random boys watch from the bleachers"
Cartman Finds Love,The Girls,"We are Cows, proud and true! Count on South Park, moo moo moo! Goooo Cows! [Cartman approaches Nichole]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Hey, ah, Nichole, right?"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Yeah. [Wendy stops practicing]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Can I talk to you for a second, just for a second, right over here? [takes her to another set of bleachers nearby] Listen uh, I heard through the grapevine that you've got a thing for Kyle?"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"[taken aback] Oh no, who told you that?"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Just, the grapevine. Um, there's something you should probably know. [fakes a sweat] Oh man this is hard. Um, the thing is, me and Kyle are kind of, you know ...together?"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Ohhh.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Yeah, he's my man. I'm more out than Kyle is, but... it sucks, because he acts like we're not a couple at school because he's embarrassed, but... we get home and he's the best boyfriend I've ever had."
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Wow, I-I'm sorry. I totally respect that. [puts her right hand on his left shoulder] Hey, thanks a lot for telling me."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Cool, just, you know, don't touch me 'cause I'm not into girls, so it kind of grosses me out."
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"[withdraws her hand] Oh, I'm sorry."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Yeah, kewl. Anyway, thanks a lot and just, you know, stay away from my man, bitch. [snaps his fingers and walks away]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The hallway, later. Kyle is at his locker putting some books away. Nichole approaches him"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Hey, uh, I just wanna let you know, if you ever need somebody to talk to, I'm here."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Oh, thanks. [smiles. Nichole turns and walks away, smiling. Kyle sees Craig and Timmy nearby and runs towards them] Dude, that new girl's into me!"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Another hallway. Cartman hides around the corner and makes like he's real cool, wearing shades and with hands in his jacket pockets, one foot resting on the wall. Butters walks past him on the cross-hallway without noticing"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Psst Butters. Butters! [Butters stops and notices, then walks over to Cartman] At the end of PE class, tell Nichole that the gym teacher wants some towels delivered to the boys' locker room."
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,How come?
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[takes off his shades] Let's just say that by this time tomorrow, Token and Nichole are gonna be practically married."
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"Are you sure, Eric? I mean, maybe they just aren't meant for each other."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"No no. [walks him towards the camera] Love is like taking a dump, Butters. Sometimes it works itself out, but sometimes, you've gotta give it a nice hard slimy push."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The football field, after PE. Nichole packs her pompoms away as Butters arrives with towels for Nichole to deliver"
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"Oh hey, Nichole? Coach wants you to take these to the boys' locker room. [hands her the towels]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Oh, he does? [Butters nods] Okay."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The boys' locker room. Token is taking a shower alone when Cartman leans in to check on him, then walks away. The other boys are changing into their regular clothes."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Guys! Guys, get outside! It's the Bat-Mobile! Bat-Mobile, you guys! [the boys make a break for the front of the school and exit the front doors]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,In front of the school.
Cartman Finds Love,Craig,Where?
Cartman Finds Love,Jimmy,I-I don't see a b-b-Bat-Mobile.
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Back at the gym, Nichole reaches the boys' locker room, opens the door, and backs into the room. Cartman looks from around a corner and sees her go in. He has a chain and lock with him, and as soon as the door closes he goes and locks them with the chain"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"[keeps walking, unaware of what Cartman just did] Hello??"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[walks in dressed in a towel and drying his face with another] AAA!
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,OH! Oh gosh I'm so sorry!
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Where is everybody? What's goin' on??
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Coach wanted me to... [winces] I'm sorry. [drops the towels, turns and goes back to the doors. She tries to open them but can't]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, afternoon. Some of the students are walking together: Kyle, Craig, and Timmy in back, Lola and Jenny up front."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Hey guys. Guys! Hold up. [runs up to the girls, who stop and turn to face him] Hey uhm, you're kind of friends with that Nichole girl, right?"
Cartman Finds Love,Jenny,Yeah?
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,Well... what kind of stuff does she like? Do you know?
Cartman Finds Love,Lola,"She likes... movies, cats."
Cartman Finds Love,Jenny,[to Lola] She likes basketball.
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Ogh. Oh cool, she likes basketball? That's perfect! Thanks, you guys!"
Cartman Finds Love,Lola,"Well- Hey Kyle, [he stops and returns] we were gonna head over to the mall. You wanna go with us?"
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Oh. Uh, can't right now, but maybe another time. See ya! [runs off]"
Cartman Finds Love,Jenny,Guess he has a crush on Nichole.
Cartman Finds Love,Lola,[looks away for a moment] I don't think so. I heard Kyle swings for the same team.
Cartman Finds Love,Jenny,Really?!
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"[back with Craig and Timmy] It's perfect! I could take her to a basketball game. [looks back at the girls, who look at him, then giggle as he turns back to the boys] Man, I-I don't know what's happenin', but... it seems like all the girls are... kind of into me lately. [looks back at the girls and waves. They grin and wave back]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Back in the locker room, Token tries to get himself and Nichole out, but groans and doesn't get anywhere"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Hey! In here! [punches the door]
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,You think the janitors are still here?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,"Don't worry. It's gonna be okay. We've got water, and, and maybe somebody even left some food laying around. Come on. [takes her around the locker room. Nichole notices a table with food and some other things on it]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Look! [walks to the table] Somebody left a deli platter. [Token joins her] And board games. And massage oil.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Oh... Good.
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The school, just after sunrise. Firefighters have arrived at the locker room and have snapped the chain in two with bolt cutters."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The school, out front. The firefighters have taken Token and Nichole outside and left them alone as they leave."
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Well that was sure an interesting night.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,It sure was.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Hey, thanks a lot for making me feel safe in there. That could have been really scary."
Cartman Finds Love,Token,"Yeah. Now that it's over, I... I guess it was kind of fun. [smiles]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Yeah, it kind of was. Maybe... I-I don't know. Maybe we should get some lunch tomorrow."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[hiding in the bushes, weeping silently] Oh my God, sooo cute."
Cartman Finds Love,Token,I'd like that.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Cool. Well... thanks again. [they hug each other]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,[sweetly] Ohhhhh my God.
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"[pops out of Cartman's head] We did it, Eric. We found them each other's ray of sunshine."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"You're my ray of sunshine, Cupid Me. [tickles the little cupid]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheeheehee. [pops back into Cartman's head, leaving behind a trail of hearts]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Montage. Cartman sings ""I Swear"" as Token and Nichole get to know each other better."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"I see the questions in your eyes I know what's weighing on your mind You can be sure I know, my heart Girl I'll stand beside you through the years You'll only cry those happy tears And though I make mistakes, I'll never break your heart I swear by the moon and the stars in the sky I'll be there I swear (I swear) like a shadow that's by your side (Keep it down, girl) I'll be there For better or worse (better or worse), till death do us part (death do us part) I'll love you with every black beat of my heart And I swear. I swear. I s-we-e-e-ear Yeah, I swear. Straight up. What it do?"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, recess. As the kids play and chatter, Token is pushing Nichole on a swing, then he tickles Nichole and she giggles. Cartman is rather pleased with how things are progressing between Token and Nichole"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Did you see that? Token was gonna push her, but then he tickled her instead. [behind him, on the merry-go-round, are Stan, Kenny, and Butters. Stan and Kenny are playing with a ball.]"
Cartman Finds Love,Stan,"Dude, why are you so into their relationship?"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"I don't know, it's just so... perfect. [Stan and Kenny resume playing]"
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"You motherfucker! [runs into view and punches Cartman, who falls on his face]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Kyle, Jesus Christ!"
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,What the hell are you doing telling people that we're a gay couple?!
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Oh, heard that through the grapevine, did you?"
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"The new girl liked me, and so you lied to her!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Somebody had to intervene, Kyle! You were standing in the way of Token and Nichole! They belong together!"
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Just because two people are the same race doesn't mean they belong together, you fat racist piece of fucking garbage!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Oh! Oh, I'm a racist, huh?! I'm a racist! It's how nature works, Kyle! Look! Look, what about Luke Covina and Maria Sanchez? [points to a Hispanic couple riding play elephants] Is it a coincidence they ended up together?!"
Cartman Finds Love,Stan,"Actually, I heard they're together because they got locked in the school gym overnight a few months ago."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Oh did they? I hadn't heard about that.
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"[reappears, and Cartman smiles at him] Teehee, that was us, remember, Eric?"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Shh, quiet, Cupid Me."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,What?
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Nothing.
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,Who is Cupid Me?
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Nobody.
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,You are gonna tell everyone that you lied and that we aren't a couple!
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Why, Kyle?! So you can try and ruin things for Token and Nichole?! Look at how happy they are! [can't fault him there. Nichole giggles again. Kyle looks defeated] Is it that you want to ruin that or are you just homophobic?!"
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,Goddamnit! [walks away angrily]
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Nichole's house, night. Inside, she and her parents are eating dinner: turkey, mashed potatoes, veggies. Nichole begins to fiddle with her food and look at the ceiling dreamily."
Cartman Finds Love,Dad,[clears his throat] Nichole? Your mother tells me that you already have a boyfriend at school.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,His name is Token. He's really nice.
Cartman Finds Love,Dad,Well that's good. But... your mother tells me that this boy is... black.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,So?
Cartman Finds Love,Dad,"Well, Nichole, it's just... You know, just because you're black doesn't mean you can only date black boys. It's just a little weird that we moved to this whole new place and you're immediately drawn to the one other black person."
Cartman Finds Love,Mom,"Oh stop, William. There's nothing wrong with her dating a black person."
Cartman Finds Love,William,"I'm not saying it's wrong, I'm just saying... she's gonna have to deal with racist people out there! People turning their heads and saying, ""Oh, look at the two black people together. That figures!"""
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"It's not like that, Dad. We just happen to like each other. I know it seems like a strange coincidence, but it really is. A coincidence."
Cartman Finds Love,Mom,"And we are very happy for you, sweetheart. Here, have some more turkey."
Cartman Finds Love,William,"Yeah, just try the white meat. I know it's a little dry, but... there's a lot more of it."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. He's pounding on the bathroom door."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Come on! [pounds on the door some more] Other people have to use the bathroom, you know? Can you hurry it up in there?! [pounds on the door some more. The door opens and Cupid Me floats out]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheeheehee, teehee."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Jesus Christ, Cupid Me, you givin' birth in there?!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,[giggles] Sorry. [Cartman goes in]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"That's- Oh, oh, Cupid Me! [covers his nose with his bath robe] Sick! What the fuck have you been eating?!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,Teeheeheeheeheehee.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Dude, at least flush the toilet! [walks over to it] Aww, it's cute, it's little chocolate hearts."
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,They're fudgey charms of sunshine.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"You're my fudgey charm of sunshine. Come here, you! [tries to catch Cupid Me, but Cupid Me keeps away]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheeheehee, teeheeheeheehee. [flits here and there]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,I'm gonna get you! [chases Cupid Me out of the bathroom]
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheehee, no! [flits on down the hall]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"I almost got you! Almost! [Liane walks out of her room with clean laundry, and there's no sign of Cupid Me]"
Cartman Finds Love,Liane,"[sees Cartman dancing around] Everything okay, sweetie?"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Everything's great, Mom. [to the invisible Cupid Me] No! Come back here and flush the toilet, you silly! Noohoho! [dances away]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Nichole's room, evening. She checks out the teddy bear she thinks she got from Token. She reads the tag: ""To My Boo."" She turns the tag over and reads it, her smile vanishing: ""'Cuz Blacks Belong Together"""
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Oh no...
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. Token is at his locker in the hallway, and Nichole approaches him. Token closes his locker door, not noticing her coming."
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,[sad] Hey Token.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[smiles and turns around] Hey Nichole.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Can I talk to you for a sec?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Sure! [she takes him to the same drinking fountain Kyle took Jenny and Lola to earlier] What's up?
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Listen, I... ugh, I don't think this is gonna work out."
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Oh.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"I'm so sorry. It's just... I don't believe we're really on the same page, you know?"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Okay...
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,I think you're really great... W-w-we just...
Cartman Finds Love,Token,I think... you're really great.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,...I'm sorry.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Yeah. I'm sorry too. I'll see you around. [turns and walks away sadly]
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Okay. [she turns towards the drinking fountain]
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, that afternoon. Cartman is devastated."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[crying inconsolably, sometimes sneezing into a tissue] It's not fair! They were so... happy!"
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"[holding Cartman's right hand] It's gonna be okay, Eric."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,It's NOT gonna be okay! Why did they break up?! They were meant for each other!
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,They'll find love somewhere else.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"No, they won't!"
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"Yes, they will."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"No, they won't! Fuck you Butters, you're an asshole!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,[pops out again] Teeheehee. Looks like somebody could use a little arrow of sunshine.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,And you! I should have never believed in you!
Cartman Finds Love,Butters,"In... In who, Eric?"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"[grabs the imaginary cupid] I never wanna see you again! [hurls it into his closet door. It flies low. Cartman gets out of bed, grabs a bat that's conveniently leaning against his bedroom door, and bashes the cupid over and over] Take! Your sunshine! And fuckin'! Die! [puts the bat up against the door and crawls back into bed. Butters takes Cartman's hand again and Cartman resumes crying]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The park, late afternoon. Token is sitting alone on the park bench. Kyle walks by and notices him there. A few seconds later, he walks up."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,Hey man. You okay?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Yeah.
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,[sits next to him] What happened? It just didn't work out?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,"Yeah, I guess."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"So, you guys are totally broken up then? It's... It's done?"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[long sigh] Yeah.
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"[scratches his head behind the ear] So then, she's gonna be seeing other people? Is she, sort of, available?"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,"Yeah, we're through."
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Sooo, theoretically, if someone was to step in, it would beee, okayyy?"
Cartman Finds Love,Token,[getting the wrong idea] I'm sorry Kyle. I like girls. [gets off the bench and walks away]
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,"Huh? [suddenly remembers] Dude, what the fuck?"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Cartmans house, afternoon. Cartman is in the living room watching TV in the dark, wrapped in a blanket and eating chocolate fudge ice cream."
Cartman Finds Love,Announcer,We'll be back with more of the Jeffersons right after this.
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,Commercial. A businessman finishes his work day.
Cartman Finds Love,Man,"[leaves his office] I work hard, so I need a laxative that works hard too! [walks off. Next he's on the ground floor] I can't be constipated on the job. [stops and holds up a box] That's why I need... Soft Serve. [at a tennis court. He serves] Because when I'm constipated, sometimes even a hard push isn't enough. [Cartman's interest is aroused. In the commercial the man is heading for the restroom. Another businessman comes out and the first one stops him] Don't give up. Get back in there and get to work! [now trying to poop in the toilet] 'Cause when the going gets tough, the tough gets going!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"That's right... That's right! [runs up to his room, goes into his closet and digs through his stuff until he finds the shoe box he put Cupid Me into after whacking him almost to death. He takes off the lid] Ohhh. [Cupid Me is shown laying face down battered and bruised, with a dry blood stream still near his mouth] I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have doubted you. Please come back. I know I got a little angry but... I believe in you. Do you hear me? I believe in you."
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"No, you don't."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Yes, I do, Cupid Me. Love is the bestest feeling in the world. I believe you can change everything."
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"No, you don't. [opens its right eye for a second]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Please, I can't do this alone. They need us. And I need you. My little flicker of twinkle stars. [tickles the cupid]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teehee, stop it."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Come on, twinkle stars, we got work to do."
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheehee, teeheeheehee, [flies out of the box] teeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehee."
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Nichole's house, day. Cartman pounds on her door, and her father William answers."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Hi, can I speak to Nichole please? It's very important."
Cartman Finds Love,William,"I'm sorry, but she's at the Denver Nuggets game."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Denver Nuggets game?
Cartman Finds Love,William,"Yeah, she went with a nice white, Jewish boy."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,[dolly zoom] NOOOOOOO! [runs away quickly]
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"The Pepsi Center, around 7 pm. The bleachers are filled with cheering fans waiting for the game to begin."
Cartman Finds Love,Announcer,"Welcome to today's matchup between the Denver Nuggets and the Los Angeles Clippers. [the starting five from both teams take the court. A vendor hands Kyle two drinks, one of which he gives to Nichole. They look at each other fondly and take sips from their sodas.] And now, here to sing the National Anthem, country music star Brad Paisley. [he stands at center court and waves as a spotlight shines on him]"
Cartman Finds Love,Brad Paisley,"O! say can you see by the dawn's early light, What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming, Whose broad stripes and bright stars- [As Brad sings, Kyle and Nichole look at each other and smile, then look at Brad. Nichole notices someone clear across the center. It's Token, with Craig and Clyde. Token still has a heavy heart, keeping his eyes focused on the floor while Craig and Clyde smile. Kyle looks at Nichole, who's still surprised to see Token there, and grins at her. She looks back at Kyle and smiles.]"
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,"Outside, a tour bus drops Cartman off near the center and Cartman runs for it."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Nooooooo!
Cartman Finds Love,Scene Description,Inside.
Cartman Finds Love,Announcer,"Nuggets fans, please direct your attention to center court and the president of Halitosis Kidz. [she's shown on the MegaTron waving to the spectators behind four men who are holding a Halitosis Kidz banner], who invites you to join the Denver Nuggets in the fight against morbid halitosis in children. [POV change from MegaTron to center court] Here to attempt a three-point shot for adolescents with terminally bad breath is [two of the men leave with the banner and an obese girl steps forward] the poster child for Halitosis Kidz, Stacy Muleburg. [the two other men cover their noses with their Denver team jackets as one of them hands Stacy the ball. She rushes up and throws the ball, but it's a brick] And a good try. [the two Denver men, two cameramen, the announcer, and the HK president all gather round her]"
Cartman Finds Love,Stacy,Aaahahahaaaa.
Cartman Finds Love,Adults,Awww! [they all back away as fast as they can. The spectators clap for the effort. Kyle and Nichole clap as well]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,[running into the center] NOOOOOOO! [triggers an alarm]
Cartman Finds Love,Guard,Tickets please.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,No time! NOOOOOOO!
Cartman Finds Love,Announcer,"We're all set for the tipoff. [The ball is thrown into the air and a Clipper tips the ball. A Nugget - Arron Afflalo - grabs it and the game begins. Afflalo throws it to JaVale McGee for an alley-oop, and McGee makes the first shot. The crowd cheers]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Attention! Attention please! [Kyle and Nichole are surprised to hear his voice. Cartman is on the MegaTron] This is a message for all of you out there who have just ended a relationship. Sometimes, love is hard. But you can't just run away from it. When you start to have something special you have to work at it! [Token is surprised to see Cartman there too, but Craig and Clyde are unfazed] Even though it might seem like the world is against you, you still have to hold on! With both hands! [Nichole begins to take this in] Don't let society dictate who you can and can't be with. Kyle, I love you babe. You can run all you want, try to pretend you like girls, but damnit, when we kiss there's magic! Don't let it go, Kyle. [Kyle is getting pissed off]"
Cartman Finds Love,Crowd,Awwwww. [everyone looks at Kyle]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"I want to hold you every morning and love you every night, Kyle. I promise you nothing but love and happiness. I swear by the moon and the stars and the sky [Cartman and Kyle are paired on the MegaTron and the lovecam is activated - a heart appears over their images, Cartman on the left, Kyle on the right] I'll be there, Kyle I swear [Crowd: ""Awwww."" Kyle tries to push it all away] like the shadow that's by your side Kyle, swear to God I'll be there. For better or worse [Brad appears: ""better or worse""], till death do us part [Brad: ""death do us part""] I'll love you with [Cartman and Brad] every gay beat of my heart!"
Cartman Finds Love,Brad,"I swear, Kyle."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"I swear, Kyle. [the crowd erupts in applause, as do the players. Kyle leaves his seat, steaming mad]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Where are you going?
Cartman Finds Love,Kyle,That fat turd up there is the one who set up you and Token 'cause he thinks blacks belong together! [walks away]
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,He did that? Oh no.
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Thank you! Thank you all. That's all I wanted to say. That and... The Bat-Mobile's outside. [now with urgency] Seriously you guys, you gotta see it. It's the Bat-Mobile! It's outside."
Cartman Finds Love,Spectator,"What? [leaves his seat. Soon everyone is leaving the center, including the players from both teams. Token and Nichole find themselves looking at each other just outside the bleachers]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Token. Hey.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,Hi.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,"Token, I'm so sorry. I thought you were only with me because I'm black."
Cartman Finds Love,Token,I'm sorry too. I wouldn't even talk to you at first because you were black. [they turn aside for a moment to avoid each other]
Cartman Finds Love,Both,Do you think we could... Do you still want to... [they smile at each other]
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Maybe we can give it another try?
Cartman Finds Love,Token,There are still people who will look at us funny. And think we're supposed to be together.
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,Let them look. I don't care.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,"I don't care, either. [Cartman has a camera trained on them, while he takes up the whole screen on the MegaTron, praying for this to work out]"
Cartman Finds Love,Nichole,I just think you're a great person. The color of your skin doesn't matter.
Cartman Finds Love,Token,YAY! [they run to each other and hug each other]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Oh my gohhhd, so cute! [runs out of the control room. Cupid Me appears]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheehee, a place for everything, and everything in its place."
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"That's right, Cupid Me. People who are the same belong together."
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"That's right, and I found somebody who's just the same as you!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Really?!
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"There she is! [points to Stacy, who turns around and growls at Cartman, showing her rotten teeth]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"What?! Fuck you, Cupid Me!"
Cartman Finds Love,Cupid Me,"Teeheeheeheehee, fuck you! [gives him the finger and then goes and shoots some arrows onto Stacy's face. Stacy's pupils become hearts]"
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,"Hey, stop it!"
Cartman Finds Love,Stacy,Haaagh! [Cartman spins around and runs. Stacy gives chase]
Cartman Finds Love,Cartman,Nooo!
Cartman Finds Love,Stacy,Haahahaagh!
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"Invesco Field, Denver, Colorado, night. A Goodyear blimp hovers over the packed stadium. The broncos face off against another team."
Sarcastaball,Dan,"[describing the action on the field] Artonius Jackson catches the ball [Jackson makes his way around a group of players], he's running down the sideline- [Jackson gets tackled to the ground by #48] Oh!"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"the Marsh house. Randy, drinking some Smores beer, has the fourth graders over so they can study the game."
Sarcastaball,Randy,BOHHHHH! Did you see that hit? BOOOOM!
Sarcastaball,Dan,"Jackson stops at the 45 and he is slow to get up. [once he's up, he dusts himself off.]"
Sarcastaball,Randy,That was a great hit boys. Remember that at practice tomorrow.
Sarcastaball,Commentator,"Yeah, Jackson took a real shot and... [Jackson dusts himself off and turns around] well I'm not sure what he's doing now, but uh, it appears as if he's looking for his keys, Dan."
Sarcastaball,Dan,"Yeah, and that doesn't make a lot of sense, because ever since his concussion in '06, he doesn't even have a license."
Sarcastaball,Commentator,"Coach Martin is coming over to tell him that now, but Jackson appears to think he's in a car driving home. [the coach tries to get his attention]"
Sarcastaball,Dan,"Well, during this time out we're happy to be joined by the commissioner of the NFL, Roger Goodell. Commissioner, a lot of hoopla about concussions this year in the NFL. How's the league handling all that?"
Sarcastaball,Goodell,"Well, there certainly are interesting statistics coming out, Dan, and we are deeply concerned, anduh and waiting to see if there's... really any direct correlation between football and head trauma."
Sarcastaball,Dan,"Oh, and it looks like some of the MFL alumni are takin' the field now. There's All-Pro safety Martin Gregors [fat, but the most lucid of the alumni. He stops and waves to the crowd], and fullback Jim Harris. Looks like his pants are down around his ankles. [Harris stops and waves]"
Sarcastaball,Commentator,"Somebody should let him know. Oh, and Old Surehand Mike Tafthill [a black alumnus who's stooped and walking slowly holding an imaginary tray], who seems to be baking an imaginary cake, Dan."
Sarcastaball,Dan,"Yeah, not sure if that's meant to be a cake or, or perhaps a, a loaf of bread, but he definitely thinks he's baking something."
Sarcastaball,Butters,"Boy, I just don't get football. Guess that's why I suck at it."
Sarcastaball,Stan,"You don't suck at football, Butters, you suck at all sports."
Sarcastaball,Butters,"That's true. Old Eric tells me I should work at a Thai massage parlor, I'm so good at sucking."
Sarcastaball,Cartman,"That's right, Butters."
Sarcastaball,Dan,And with that the Browns are ready to kick it off back to the Broncos
Sarcastaball,Randy,"All right all right, here we go boys! Watch them on the kickoff, all right? Special teams are the most important plays."
Sarcastaball,Kyle,We don't have kickoffs anymore. [only the TV is heard for a few seconds]
Sarcastaball,Randy,[looks at Kyle] Huh?
Sarcastaball,Stan,"The school said they're the most dangerous plays, so they don't have us do 'em anymore."
Sarcastaball,Randy,"[stands up as his eyes widen to saucers] Wait wait wait, wait. Whoa! What! The! FUCK?!"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, night. The parents and teachers are gathered in the library for a PTA meeting"
Sarcastaball,Principal Victoria,"[flanked by Mr. Adler and Mr. Mackey] Okay, before we get started with this PTA meeting, does anyone have any outstanding issues?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Yeah, I'd like to talk about this genius new rule in the football program about no kickoffs?"
Sarcastaball,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, yes, we've decided to go without kickoffs because of the concerns raised over concussions, m'kay?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"[becoming sarcastic] Oh yeah, we don't want our kids getting hurt playing football! But I think I have a way to make it even better! Why don't we have the players just wear bras?!"
Sarcastaball,Mr. Adler,Bras?
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Yeah, the players should all wear bras! And instead of helmets, they should wear little tinfoil hats, 'cause, you know, it's the future and we shouldn't be so barbaric! [other parents look at each other and whisper amongst themselves]"
Sarcastaball,Linda,How would the bras and tinfoil hats make it safer?
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Oh, you're all not getting it! See, while we're at it, we'll have a balloon instead of a ball, and whoever catches the balloon tries to run while all the other players hug!"
Sarcastaball,Mr. Mackey,"Huh. You, you, think the students would like that?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Oh they'd love it! A sport where safety is all that matters? How about we call it ""sarcastaball""?!"
Sarcastaball,Mr. Mackey,"Mmkay, would, would you mind being the coach of the South Park sarcastaball team?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"[angry that no one is with him on this - that is, that no one has caught on to his sarcasm] Jesus Christ! Yes, I would love to be the coach of the sarcastaball team!"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary football field, day. And lo and behold, there's Randy as the coach, not something he was hoping for last night. Eleven boys are present, with Butters leading one team and Cartman the other. Butters does the kickoff to Cartman's team, and DogPoo catches it. The opposing players now hug each other. Stan and Kyle hug, and Stan looks at Randy"
Sarcastaball,Stan,"Dad, do we really have to wear bras?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Yes Stan, this is what people want! Don't worry, you look really cool. [thumbs up]"
Sarcastaball,Butters,"I got the balloon, Coach Marsh. Err, what should I do with it?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Oh, you know, try to get it into the end zone, but be really polite about it."
Sarcastaball,Butters,"Okay! Hey, hey, heh excuse me. Pardon me. Heh, [passing Clyde and Kevin] you guys look terrific. Wow, this game is great!"
Sarcastaball,Principal Victoria,"[walks up to Randy] How's it going, coach?"
Sarcastaball,Randy,How's it going? Awesome! Nobody's getting hurt and the kids are learning valuable life lessons! 'Cause hugging and safety are what the world is all about!
Sarcastaball,Principal Victoria,So you're happy with these changes?
Sarcastaball,Randy,Happy? I'm thrilled! Look at how much better this is!
Sarcastaball,Principal Victoria,[surveys the situation and decides to leave] Okay. [The boys are still hugging each other and Randy blows his whistle]
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,News 4 Special Report
Sarcastaball,Anchor,"Is football safe for your kids? Concerned Parent Randy Marsh says ""No,"" and has started a movement to reform the sport, gathering followers by the hundreds."
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"A rally at the park. Randy continues being sarcastic, but no one catches on."
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Oh, this is good! Nice for you all to turn out in record numbers to show your support for sarcastaball! [the crowd waits a second, then applauds] Yeah, yeah, we're, we're through with our kids getting knocked on the ground and tackled! Let's make sarcastaball the official school sport nationwide! [the crowd applauds and cheers] Go on, pat yourselves on the back! [and so the crowd members turn and pat each other on the back]"
Sarcastaball,Anchor,"Showing just how much one concerned parent can do, Marsh then found himself in front of the leaders of Washington."
Sarcastaball,Randy,"[addressing Congress] Yeah, yeah! Let's do that! We got the economy in the toilet, a big election coming up, but this country's number one priority should be making football safer! [Congress applauds. The President and his wife are present, and clap with Congress.]"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, boys' locker room. The team is suiting up, with bras and tinfoil hats the last items to go on. DogPoo walks in"
Sarcastaball,Kyle,[removes his bra and throws it to the floor] This is ridiculous! Are we really going to go out there and play North Park like this?!
Sarcastaball,Clyde,I can't even remember if we're supposed to hug the fullback or compliment him. I'm so confused.
Sarcastaball,Stan,This game is stupid. I have no idea how to go out on the field and be as nice as I can to the other team!
Sarcastaball,Cartman,"Yeah, you know what? [removes his bra and throws it to the floor] Screw this!"
Sarcastaball,Butters,"Hey, whoa! Well I can't believe what I'm hearing! [silence] We've been practicing and gettin' ready for this game, and you fellas just wanna quit?!"
Sarcastaball,Kyle,We don't even understand how this game is played.
Sarcastaball,Butters,"This great game isn't about plays. It's about sportsmanship. And compassion. And when I look around this locker room, well I see some of the nicest, most compassionate guys I've ever met! [walks up to Token] Well Token, you're nicer than anybody I know. [walks up to Clyde] And Clyde! Well you give better hugs than anyone out on that field!"
Sarcastaball,Cartman,That's true.
Sarcastaball,Butters,"Are we just gonna let North Park walk away with a victory because we think they know how to be nicer than us? [stands on a bench] Bein' nice is about what's inside you! When your enemy is nice to you, you just be nice right back! And if they give you two balloons, well you give them three!"
Sarcastaball,"Clyde, Kenny",Yeah.
Sarcastaball,Butters,"And when they try an-and thank you for those balloons, you say ""Ah I don't need any thanks! I did it 'cause it was the right thing to do!"" And then you give them a smile!"
Sarcastaball,Boys,Yeah!
Sarcastaball,Butters,"And when that other team tries to cover you, well that's when you gotta reach deep down. Right down to your creamy center. Well that place, well that place inside of you where, where all the gooey happy-lovin' goo sits and you just gotta use that and be the nicest, most compassionate player you've ever been, and let the world know that we will not fall down so easy!"
Sarcastaball,Boys,[jumping up and down] Yeah! Yeah!
Sarcastaball,Cartman,"[puts his bra back on] Let's do this. [turns his back towards Stan] Stan, hook up my bra."
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,NFL press conference. Roger Goodell is at the podium
Sarcastaball,Goodell,"As commissioner of the NFL, I am so thrilled to see our nation's youth embrace sarcastaball over traditional football. Oh, but why stop there? Since football is so barbaric, we should change too. So let's give a biiig welcome to the new coach of the Denver Broncos, Randy Marsh. [Randy gets applause from the audience as he rises. Goodell shakes Randy's hand] Congratulations, Marsh. Good job!"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Oh thank you, commissioner! I'm thrilled to be a part of this! Thanks!"
Sarcastaball,Goodell,Nice going!
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Yeah, no, you nice going! [they're still shaking hands]"
Sarcastaball,Photographer,"Hey guys, how about a nice fucking picture to welcome in the future of sports? [click]"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"Invesco Field, Denver, Colorado, night."
Sarcastaball,Announcer,Welcome to the inaugural game of the National Sarcastaball League! As we bring you today's matchup between the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders.
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Yeah, lookin' good, guys! Let's kick some butt! [crosses his arms]"
Sarcastaball,#24,"Give them hell, coach! Lovin', not shovin'!"
Sarcastaball,Randy,"Oh yeah, good one! [the crowd begins to cheer the teams]"
Sarcastaball,Announcer,"And now, here are your Denver Whoop de fucking do girls!"
Sarcastaball,Cheerleaders,Woo! Woo!
Sarcastaball,Cheerleader 1,Go Broncos! Go!
Sarcastaball,Cheerleader 2,Whoop de fuckin' do!
Sarcastaball,Announcer,"And now, here to sing the sarcastaball anthem, recording artist, Cee-Lo!"
Sarcastaball,Cee Lo Green:,I love sarcastaball It's so much better than football I'm so glad they got rid of violence in sports 'Cause sarcastaball is so super fun to watch
Sarcastaball,Fan 1,"Woo! Nice job, Cee-Lo! Good to see you on TV some more!"
Sarcastaball,Fan 2,"Yeah, I'm a big fan of all your hit songs!"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway, day. The boys are walking to class. Kenny's not around, and Clyde and Craig join them"
Sarcastaball,Kyle,"Dude, what do you mean ""We don't have a coach.""?"
Sarcastaball,Stan,"Look, I'm sorry guys, my dad said he's too busy with the Broncos. He doesn't have time for us."
Sarcastaball,Kyle,But our big game with Lakewood is Saturday!
Sarcastaball,Stan,[stops and faces his friends] I'm sorry. My dad is taking professional sarcastaball really seriously.
Sarcastaball,Clyde,"Well, we might as well call up Lakewood and tell 'em we forfeit. [looks down at the floor]"
Sarcastaball,Kyle,We can't.
Sarcastaball,Clyde,"[somewhat cross] We don't have a coach, Kyle."
Sarcastaball,Cartman,Who needs a coach? We have Butters.
Sarcastaball,Butters,Huh?
Sarcastaball,Craig,Hey yeah.
Sarcastaball,Stan,"[walks up to Butters] The guys are right. From now on, you're team captain, Butters. You lead us to victory."
Sarcastaball,Butters,"Oh jeez n-no, I I don't know, fellas."
Sarcastaball,Cartman,"Butters, you understand this game better than anybody."
Sarcastaball,Butters,"Yeah, but I uh, I I can't be team captain. I... Well I suck at everything."
Sarcastaball,Stan,Not at this you don't! What about that creamy filling you talked about? That gooey goodness inside you that makes you the butteriest Butters we know?
Sarcastaball,Butters,'At's in there. It's overflowing sometimes. [sticks out his tongue a bit]
Sarcastaball,Kyle,"[steps in] We need you, Butters. You're the man! [Butters begins to feel the anticipation]"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"Butters' bedroom, night. He's in bed asleep, and a dream sequence begins. He's first hoisted up by his teammate and tossed up in the air..."
Sarcastaball,The Team,Bu-tters! Bu-tters! Bu-tters! Bu-tters!
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,Next he's driving a new red sports car down the street and a crowd of fangirls call out to him as he passes by.
Sarcastaball,Fangirls,"Butters, rah, Butters!"
Sarcastaball,A Fangirl,"I love you, Butters!"
Sarcastaball,Butters,"[stops his car and looks at the girls] I love you too, ladies. [blows them a kiss]"
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,"Next he's at an ice cream parlor with Wendy, in a booth with access from both ends."
Sarcastaball,Wendy,"[to Butters' left] Oh Butters, you know how I feel about the captain of sports teams."
Sarcastaball,Red,"[slides in to Butters' right] Leave him alone, Wendy! He's mine! [they each take a cheek and plant a big kiss on him.]"
Sarcastaball,Butters,Woohoohoohoohoo!
Sarcastaball,Scene Description,all the excitement in his dreams wakes him up
