Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Well, John Stamos' older brother is all set to sing 'Loving You' during halftime. We want that bomb to go off when he hits that high F."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,What high F?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"You know, Loving you is easy 'cause you're beautiful doo-nn-doo-nn-doo-doo... Aaaaah."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,"Right, right, so you want the trigger on the doo-nn-doo?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"No, dammit! The aaaaah!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,Aaaaahh?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,Aaaaahh.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Aaaaahh!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,Aaaaahh.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Great.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,Doo-nn-doo-nn-doo-doo - Aaah.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,Doo-nn-doo-doo
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,You got it.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,Doo-nn-doo-nn-doo-doo...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,Aaa - dooo...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Aaaaahh!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,"Alright, yeah, okay..."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,On the sideline at practice.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"What's the matter Stan, you seem down."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"I just, I can't concentrate 'cause my dog is gay."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Well, you know what they say: you can't teach a gay dog straight tricks."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Coming up to see what's the matter.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, stop filling his head with that queer-loving propaganda."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Say what?! You of all people should be sympathetic.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,What do you mean?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Well, you're gay aren't you?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,What?! What the hell are you talking about?! I am not gay.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Well, you sure do act like it."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"I just act that way to get chicks, dumbass."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Chef looks puzzled, wondering."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,On the field.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Kyle runs up from behind.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,What's the matter dude?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I don't know where Sparky is. He usually follows me to football practice.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,Maybe he went shopping for some leather pants. [Stan punches him] Ow!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Snowy mountains. Sparky is trekking through the snow, stops, and looks around. A floating castle nears him. It's Big Gay Al's Big Gay Animal Sanctuary."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Hello there little pup, I'm Big Gay Al."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky looks at him.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,Have you been outcast?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky pants an affirmative.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Well, then I'm so glad you found my Big Gay Animal Sanctuary. We're all big gay friends here. Would you like to live with us?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky pants an affirmative.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Come on in little fellow, nobody will ever oppress you here."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Kenny, Kyle, and Cartman are at the Bus Stop. Stan walks up."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Have you guys seen Sparky, he still hasn't come back."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Wow, it's been like two days."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I think he might've run away.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,Did you check the shopping ma- [Stan punches him] Ow!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"We'll help you look for him after the game, Stan."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I'm not playing.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,You what?!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I'm not playing in that stupid game. I have to find my dog. [leaves]
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Middle Park Elementary School.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"[whispering] Come on Ned, and keep quiet."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,[louder] Okay.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"They climb over the fence and approach the Middle Park mascot, a horse."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Hello there, Enrique."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,What are we doing here?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Well Ned, we always kidnap Middle Park's mascot. But this year, we're gonna booby-trap it instead."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Jimbo puts the bomb on Enrique's back.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"And when John Stamos' older brother hits that high F in ""Loving You"", Boom!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Enrique gets wide-eyed.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,No more Middle Park players.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Jimbo and Ned laugh, and Enrique starts to tremble."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"God damn, I love football!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan is in the stormy mountains.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Sparky! Where are you?! Where could he be?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,South Park Elementary.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The Middle Park Cowboys exit the bus.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cowboys,Kill that Ken! Kill that Ken!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,South Park Football Field. The bleachers are filled with fans decked out in COWS! gear. Even Ike is wearing a GO COWS shirt and bouncing about.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank Hammond,"Hello everyone, this is Frank Hammond, South Park public radio, AM 900, Welcome to tonight's match-up between the Middle Park Cowboys and the South Park Cows."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Pounds the table, and Phil's mike falls over. He scans the sidelines."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Well, it looks like Chef, the South Park Cows coach, looks a little nervous. This is probably because his star quarterback has yet to show up."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"[between his teeth] Oohh, come on, Stan..."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"Uh, Mr. Chef, if Stanley doesn't show up, can I use his helmet?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"No Pip, I'm sorry!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stormy mountains.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Sparky! Sparky!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"South Park Football Field, first quarter. The game is about to begin."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Referee,Play ball.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"You're gonna have to quarterback, Kyle."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,But I never practiced quarterback.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Well it's a little late for that bullcrap now.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Filling in for quarterback is number 12, Kyle Broslovski."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Hey hey, where is little Stanley?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Hat,"Yeah, why the hell is that little Jewish kid playing quarterback?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Ned, look!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Middle Park's mascot, Enrique, is shown."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"They've got Enrique on their sidelines, and it looks like that bomb's still attached."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,Yay.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan follows his dog's footprints and finds himself facing Big Gay Al's Big Gay Animal Sanctuary.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Hi little fella, how are you doing today?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Fine, how are you?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"I'm super, thanks for asking."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,My gay dog ran away and I was wondering if maybe he came here.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Well, let's see. Come on in. [they enter]"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Do you have lots of gay dogs here?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,We have all sorts of gay animals here at Big Gay Al's. Over here we have a gay lion.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Gay Lion,Rooaar.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"And we have gay water buffalo, gay hummingbirds, here's a gaggle of gay gooses. Hi fellas, it's so super to see you!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Wow, seems like the animals here are really happy."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Of course they are, silly buns. It's the one place where gay animals can really be themselves. Do you like to dance?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"They enter the techno-dance floor as disco music plays. Animals pour in to dance, even a dolphin on its tail."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Vocalist,"Oww, we can both be gay!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,In the huddle. The Cows win the coin toss.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Cartman, you hike me the ball, then somebody run, and I'll throw it or something. Ready?!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Huddle,Break!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,At the line of scrimmage.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cowboy 1,You guys are toast.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cowboy 2,"Yeah, we're gonna pound your heads in."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,We'll just see about that.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Set, set."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Cartman farts long and nasty right into Kyle's face. Kyle quickly retreats.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Damn it Cartman!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,What's the matter?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Cartman farted!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,No I didn't. That was just my shoes.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Come on Kyle. We'll get a delay of game penalty.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,No way dude!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Hike! The! Ball!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Kyle is back in position, with his shirt covering his nose."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Ah, dude, weak."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"That's right, you get back there."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Hike!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,Ball snatched! Middle Park blitzes!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Screaming as Kyle is tackled.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Fumble, Middle Park gets the ball. They run it in for a TOUCHDOWN! The score is 7-nothing Middle Park, with 14:57 remaining in the first quarter."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Hell's bells.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Why, I haven't seen a beating like that since Rodney King."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Phil quickly covers the mic.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Phil,"Now Frank, that's not very PC. You're gonna get us in trouble again."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Right, right, uh. I gotta watch that."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townsman 1,"We lose our money 'cause of your nephew, we're gonna hang you up to dry, Jimbo."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Don't y'all worry, you just wait till halftime, heheh."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Big Gay Al's Big Gay Dance Floor.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Vocalist,...both be gay.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Stan is dancing with a monkey, then sees Sparky."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Sparky! Hiya Sparky, how's it goin'?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Sparky,Ruff.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"I missed you old pal, you really had me scared."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Sparky,Barr.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Come on, let's go home. I can still make it in time for the game."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky follows Stan.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,We can work on making you not gay together.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky stops and sits.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Sparky?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Young man, it appears you still don't understand."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,What don't I understand?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Come this way, I have to show you something."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"South Park Football Field, second quarter."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"With just over a minute to go in the half the score is Middle Park Cowboys 52, South Park Cows 0."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Hut, hut."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Cartman snaps the ball to Kyle. The Cowboys blitz. Kyle flips the ball back to Pip, who is still without a helmet. The Cowboys players descend on him as soon as he catches the ball."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Oh no, I haven't seen an Englishman take a blow like that since Hugh Grant."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Phil muffles Frank.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Phil,Dude! Now that is not cool.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Sorry, sorry."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Okay Stan, I think you should get in line for my Big Gay Boat Ride."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan looks at the boat.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Step aboard, Stanley."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,He and Sparky step aboard the boat.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Hello everyone, and welcome aboard the Big Gay Boat Ride. On this adventure, we'll be seeing the world of gayness throughout time."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,South Park Football Field. South Park's final drive before the halftime show.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,And the South Park Cows are set to receive...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The Cowboys kick off.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"There's the kick. It's taken by number 23, Kenny McCormick."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Kenny weaves through the special teams.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"He's at the 50, the 40, the 30."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cowboys,"Hold him, hold him!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Two of them take hold of Kenny's arms.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cowboys,"Hold him, hold him!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cowboy,Yaaah!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"A Third Cowboy dives in, taking Kenny's head off, as the other two sever Kenny's arms."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,The little running back is down. I think he's...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Rats come in to devour Kenny's corpse.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Yes, he's been decapitated."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"[gasps] Oh my God, they killed Kenny! You bastards!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Phil,"Hah, that's gotta hurt, Frank."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,Ouch-a-roo!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Hey, come on! That was roughing! At least let us scrape him off the field!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Looks like the South Park Cows aren't even gonna beat the 72 point spread, not by a long shot."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The boat-ride begins the passage through several animatronic scenes.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"You see, gayness has existed since the beginning of time. From the Egyptian pharaohs, to the shoguns of Japan."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The tips of the Japanese soldiers' swords touch.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Uh oh, look out, it's the oppressors! Christians and Republicans and Nazis, oh my!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Big Gay Al fires off a shot with his pistol.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Whoa! Oh gosh, that was close. Okay, let's steer our Big Gay Boat out of here, and into a place where gays are allowed to live freely."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Doors open to reveal a scene reminiscent of 'It's a Small World'.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Boat Ride Singers,"We're all gay, and it's okay, 'Cause gay means happy and happy means gay. We're not sad anymore, cause we're out the closet door. It's okay, hey, to be gay!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Sooo, what do you think, Stan?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Still singing. ...It's okay to be gay...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"This kicks ass! I'm sorry I tried to change you, Spark. I just didn't understand."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Still singing. It's okay to be gay. Shalala waylaylay shalala waylaylay. It's okay to be gay.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,[to himself] Isn't this precious?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,South Park Football Field. Halftime.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"And now, here to sing the touching song Loving You, is the one and only, John Stamo-...s' brother..."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Audience Member,Alright Richard!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Music starts up.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard Stamos,"Loving you, is easy cause you're beautiful, -doo-n-doo-doo-doooo- Aaaaah!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,His voice cracks and the music stops.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard,Aaaaah!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,What the hell?!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard,Aaaaah!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,His voice wavers.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,He didn't sing the high F!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Richard Stamos can't sing a high F, he always screws it up like this."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Ned... We're gonna to get our asses kicked.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard,Lalalalala lalalalala lalalalala lala la la lala...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,[heckling] It's obvious where all the talent in that family went!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Outside of Big Gay Al's Big Gay Animal Sanctuary.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Thanks for everything, Big Gay Al!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Sparky,Ruff!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"No problem, kids! Are you sure you don't wanna stay for some toasted cheese sandwiches?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"No thanks, I've gotta get back for the big football game. Come on boy!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,They start to walk off.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,Oh Stan?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,They stop.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"When you get back to town, [earnest music plays] tell them about us, will you? Tell them there are gay animals here who need homes, desperately."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"I will Big Gay Al, I will."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,They depart.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Bell dings.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Ooh, my carrot cake! [rushes inside]"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"South Park Football Field, fourth quarter."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Hike!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,And these South Park Cows are being absolutely molested by Middle Park. I haven't seen so many children molested since...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"I thought you said beating the spread was a sure thing, Jimbo."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Hat,"Yeah, we all put our life savings in this game."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townsman,"You're a dead man, Jimbo!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,A hail of food products is thrown at Jimbo.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Well, this should just about wrap it up for-"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan and Sparky come onto the field.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Wait a minute, what's this?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Yeah! Yohooooh!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"It's Stan, the South Park star quarterback!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Where the hell have you been Stan?!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I've been getting my best friend back.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Just get in there boy!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Give 'em hell, Stanley!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Stan takes his place on the field as Jimbo looks to the heavens, and prays aloud to himself."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Jesus? Now I haven't asked you for much, but all we need is one little score. Please? Please, Jesus?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,In the first row of the stands.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jesus,Leave me alone.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Hike!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,Stan hikes the ball. He steps back to pass.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Hey Stan! Ah, I'm open, I think!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Mph!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan throws the ball.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"And he throws it to Kyle, the little Jewish kid!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Oof.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Kyle runs towards the end zone, panting, Cowboys hot on his trail."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Oh my! I haven't seen a Jew run like that since Poland, 1938!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Frank recoils.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Phil,Dude!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The crowd cheers as Kyle scores.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,Touchdown!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Yeah! Wooo!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"The clock runs out and the final score is Middle Park Cowboys 73, South Park Cows 6. South Park beats the spread!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Frank swats his mic away.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Yeah! Woohoo!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Postgame press conference. Stan gets on stage by scoreboard.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townsman,Speech!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Stan, what do you want to tell the world about this stunning almost victory?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Uh... It- it's really cool that we beat the spread against the Cowboys.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Crowd,"Yeah, alright!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,And maybe... we can beat 'em even more next year!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Crowd,Wooooh!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,And it's okay to be gay!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The crowd falls silent.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,What?!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Being gay is just part of nature, and a beautiful thing."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,What the hell is he talking about?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Frank,"Uh, Stanley, you arrived very late in the game, where were you that whole time?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"I was with my new friend, Big Gay Al. He showed me his Big Gay Animal Sanctuary, and took me on a Big Gay Boat Ride, where I learned all about the wonders of gaiety."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The crowd looks at Stan in disbelief.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"It's true, I'll show you."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,At the site of Big Gay Al's Big Gay Animal Sanctuary. There is nothing to be seen.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,But it was here. It was all right here. There- there was a techno dance club...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Stan, you need to lay off the cough syrup, alright, seriously. I'm worried about you man."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The missing animals suddenly appear.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townswoman,Oliver! I thought you ran away all those months ago!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townsperson 1,Sidney!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townsperson 2,Willy!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Townsperson 3,Carlos!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Big Gay Al is suddenly at Stan's side.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,I want to thank you so much for bringing everybody here.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Oh, there you are dude. How's it going?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"I'm super, thanks for asking. It looks like now my work here is done."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,He pops his suitcase open and climbs into it.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Big Gay Al,"Goodbye Stanley, peace be with you."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"He presses a button, and the suitcase closes."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Wow!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The suitcase flies off.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard,"You guys, you guys! I can do it."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,Do what?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard,"Loving you, Is easy cause you're beautiful, Doo-nn-doo-nn-doo-dooo"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,No!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Richard,Aaah!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Enrique,Mroo-
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,BOOM!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Bus Stop.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Hey Stan, where'd you get that black eye?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Nothing, I mu-I mean, nowhere."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Your sister beat you up again, huh?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,No!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Eheh, you know, heh, your sister kicked your ass."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,She's just pissed off 'cause she got headgear at the dentist. She's taking it out on me.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Yeah, but that sucks, to get your butt kicked by a girl, Stan."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"I would never let a woman kick my ass. If she tried anything, I'd be like, ""hey, you get your bitch ass back in the kitchen, and make me some pie!"""
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"My parents don't even believe that she beats me up. They think she's all innocent and sweet, but I know that she's an evil bitch!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Be a man Stan. Just say, ""Hey woman, ye-you shut your mouth and make babies."""
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Hey Kyle, what's that elephant doing?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The camera pulls back to get the elephant in the picture.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,You mean this one?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Yeah.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,He's my new pet elephant.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Whoa dude! Where'd you get a pet elephant?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"I got it mail ordered from Africa. The ad said it would take 4 to 6 weeks, but it only took three."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Wow, that's cool!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"No it's not cool! My mom won't let me keep him in the house. She says he's too big, and that his poop is bigger than our couch."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,That's why my mom got me a pot-bellied pig. Cause its poop is small.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kenny,"(Hey you guys, I talked to Garrison and he told me that they're almost the same.)"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Well yeah, but pigs aren't smart, like elephants."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Ms. Crabtree's bus arrives.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Ms. Crabtree,Hey. Wait a minute. What is that thing?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Uh, oh, this, this is, the new retarded kid."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Ms. Crabtree,Oh—I'm sorry little girl. But you still can't get on. You have to take the special ed bus.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Shot of retarded kid bus. Retarded noises of protest are heard.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Boy, it looks like you're not welcome anywhere elephant. See ya."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,He enters the bus with Stan and Kenny.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"[Entering.] If a woman ever gave me crap, I'd say, ""Hey, you go do my laundry and-"""
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Ms. Crabtree,SIT DOWN KID!!!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,[Stung.] Yes ma'am.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's Classroom.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"And now children, our friend Mr. Hat is going to tell us all about genetic engineering."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Hat,"That's right Mr. Garrison, genetic engineering is an exciting new science. You can splice the DNA from some animals, and make them better."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Mr. Garrison?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,Yes Kyle.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"With genetic engineering, can you make an elephant smaller?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Well, uh, ye, yes, I suppose you could. You could, splice elephant genes with a dog, or cat, or a, pot-bellied pig genes."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,That's it. I'm going to combine my elephant with a pot-bellied pig and make...pot-bellied elephants.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The class gasps.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"They'd be smart like elephants, but small like pigs."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,That'd be cool!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Bebe,I want a pot-bellied elephant.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Pip,"Yes, I'll pay fifty dollars for one."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance Mephesto,That's stupid.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Shut up Terrance, we can geneti-cal engineer anything we want."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"Oh yeah, I bet I can genetically clone a whole human being before you crossbreed and elephant and a pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,I'll bet you can't.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,Watch me plebeian.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Well, spank my ass and call me Charlie. Isn't this exciting, two A+ students in a cloning war."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Hat,"Yes Mr. Garrison, genetic engineering lets us correct God's horrible, horrible mistakes, like German people."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"You know, you boys might want to visit the Genetic Engineering Ranch outside of town for some help. And you could both use this for your science fair projects next month."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"The bell rings. Most of the class leaves, but the boys stay behind."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Genetic Engineering Ranch! Sweet!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Wait, wait. We still need a pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,We can use Cartman's pig.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Ehh, you leave Fluffy out of this!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"We're not gonna hurt her, we just need some of her blood."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"You're not using any of Fluffy's blood, or else I'll kick you in the nuts. Kyle, Kyle no!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The boys leave.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison steps forward to stop Stan.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, uhuh, Stanley, can I talk to you for a minute?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Okay.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,I couldn't help but notice that black eye you have. Are there problems at home?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,[Despondantly.] Yes...
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Oh dear. Here Stanley, sit down, have some cocoa, and tell your friend Mr. Hat all about it."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Stan sits down.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Hat,"I'm your friend, Mr. Hat, Stan. You can tell me anything. Now, who hits you, is it your father, or your mother?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Oh, neither. It's my sister."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"[Indignantly.] Your sister?! Oh for Pete's sake, don't be such a little wuss. Stop wasting Mr. Hat's time with pansy little foo-foo problems, and, give me back my cocoa!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Stan's house. A TV is heard.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jesus,Let's open the phone lines back up for some questions...
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Shelly turns to see Stan coming out of the sofa's shadow.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly Marsh,Hey!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Robert,"Yeah, is this Jesus?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jesus,"Yes, my son."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Hi Shelly.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,Are you looking at my headgear?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Headgear? What headgear?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,Are you looking at my headgear?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Oh, uh gosh uh, I didn't really notice."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Shelly gets up and glowers at him.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,You little liar.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"She starts advancing, and Stan starts retreating."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"No, I think it looks terrific. It matches your AAAAAH!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Stan turns to run, but she has his arm, she proceeds to beat the living hell out of him. She tosses him down the stairs into the basement, then approaches the doorway. He climbs out, but she flips him back towards the living room, then goes for the TV and drops it on his head. After the TV shorts out, he removes it, but she throws him like a basketball out the window, where his friends are waiting."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Ready to go Stan?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Go where?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,To the Genetical Engineering Ranch.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,We got Cartman's pig so we can splice its genes with my elephant's.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Nobody's splicin' nothing from Fluffy!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,From the broken window.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,I swear I'm gonna kill you Stan!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Why's your sister so mean to you dude?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Yeah, if some sissy chick tried to kick my ass, I'd be all like, ""Hey, listen, missy, eh, yewhy don't you go knit me sweater before I slap you in the face!"""
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,She appears at the broken window.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,Who said that?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,All stay quiet. Cartman points to Kenny.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"South Park Engineering Ranch, night. The boys approach the entrance."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,This must be it.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Lightning strikes the ranch.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"[A bit wary.] Well, looks like nobody's home. Guess we should come back some other time."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"No, Cartman, we're going in there and splicing Fluffy and my elephant together."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"It's okay Fluffy, I won't let them hurt you."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,It's just a stupid pig.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Yeah, quit being such a baby."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Baby?! Well, at least I don't get my ass kicked by a girl!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,At least I'm not a little pig-fucker!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Hey! I'm taking my pig and...Screw you guys! I'm going home! This whole idea's stupid anyway.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"What the hell would you know you fat sweaty mongoloid, you never get higher than a 'D'!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Hey! Why don't you go back to San Francisco with the rest of the Jews?!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"There's no Jews in San Francisco, you retard!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,I'll kick you in the nuts!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Dr. Alphonse Mephesto,Can I help you?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"The boys all gasp, and Kenny pulls his hood closed."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kenny,Mmmmmm!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Uh... yeah... we want to crossbreed an elephant with a pig.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Brilliant idea, huge elephant-sized pigs."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"No, no, no. We want to make little pot-bellied elephants that people can keep in their houses as pets."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Ohh, that's an even better idea. Come on in."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Inside the South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,I'm so pleased that you children are interested in genetic engineering.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Eh, it's okay Fluffy, nobody's going to hurt you."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"It's thanks to the wonders of genetic engineering that soon there will be an end to hunger, disease, pollution, even war. I have created things that will change the world for the better. For instance, here is a monkey with four asses."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Monkey,Mhhh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,How does that make the world better?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"And here, of course, is my four assed ostrich. And my four assed mongoose."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Do you have anything besides just animals with four asses?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh, uh, I suppose so uh. Oh yes, over here. Here I have rats splice with ducks, and gorillas spliced with mosquitos, and here I have rabbits spliced with fish to make little bunnyfish."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Heyyy, these bunny ears are tied on with little strings."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"And over here, Swiss cheese spliced with chalk, and a beard."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Well, what about our pot-bellied elephant?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh. Well I'm sorry children, but, pig and elephant DNA just won't splice. Haven't you ever heard that song by 'Loverboy'?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Which song is that?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Diindoon - pig and elephant DNA just won't splice! Although, maybe I could help you add a few asses to that swine of yours."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,You can keep your hands off of Fluffy's ass!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"You know, it's amazing what we can do with a little blood sample these days."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mephesto pricks Stan with the syringe.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Ow!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Hmm? What? Oh, excuse me."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Wait, what are you taking Stan's blood for?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh, pardon me, I tripped. Could I have some hair please?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Watch out Stan! Genetic engineers are crazy.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The boys quickly move away.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Come on Fluffy!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Fluffy Squeals.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Inside the Cafeteria.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jewish Kid,This fish is just hurting my anus.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jason,"Naw, it's pretty fresh."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,UUuuhh. I sure am hungry.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Pip,"'Ello gentlemen, any of you blokes know what's for lunch today?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Silence. The boys stare back.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Pip,"Lunchy munchies, hmmm?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Go away, Pip! Nobody likes you!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Yeah, what kind of name is Pip anyway?!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Pip,"Well, my father's family name being Pirrip, and my Christian name being Phillip, my infant tongue..."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"God Damnit, would you shut the hell up?! Nobody gives a rat's ass."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Yeah! Go away, Pip!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Pip,Righto.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Pip walks off.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Gah, French people piss me off."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Terrance, Bill, & Fosse Approach."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,Hey dumb-asses. You morons give up on your stupid science fair project yet?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,No! We're already halfway done.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,Halfway? Then all you've got is a stupid pig.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Bill,"Yeah, it's probably a gay pig too."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Fosse,Stupid gay pig.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,It's more than you've got!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,Wroong. We've already got our human clone well under way.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,One of the bullies opens a bag and drops it. A foot pops out.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Oh my God! They cloned a foot.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The foot kicks Cartman in the face.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Ugh!... Hey! I'll kick your ass!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Cartman kicks it away, and it lands in Pip's lunch tray and bounces away."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Pip,Eho!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"By Friday, we're gonna clone a whole human being. Good luck with your stupid little pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,In the kitchen
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,Hello there children.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Hey Chef.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,How you doin'?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Boys,Bad.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,Why bad?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"We need to genetically engineer our pig and an elephant, but their genes won't splice."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Ahhhh, of course they won't splice children. Haven't you ever heard that song by 'Loverboy'?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Dooodnnndoodnn - A pig and an elephant DNA just won't... A pig-elephant. Say, now that's not a bad idea."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,I told you guys.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Imagine, a pint sized elephant that you could keep in the house. Children, we could make a fortune with this."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,You hear that dudes? We'll be rich!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Forget about all that genetic engineering whoosafudge. If you want to combine a pig and an elephant, just get them to make sweeet love."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Whaaat?!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,I don't think an elephant would make love to a pig.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,I don't think my pig would want to make love to that stupid elephant.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,Sure they would. But you're gonna have to get 'em in the mood.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,So how do we do that?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Do what I do, get 'em goood and drunk."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Boys get off the bus later that day.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Hey uh, you guys want to come over to my house?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"We've got work to do Stan, I think it takes a while for an elephant to get drunk."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Really, you, you guys don't want to come over for just a little bit?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Why? Is your sister gonna kick your ass again?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Shut up Cartman!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kenny,(Or are you gonna hit her with your hand?)
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Yeah Stan, she's just a girl."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Yeah, if some girl tried to kick my ass, I'd be like, ""hey, why don't you stop dressin' me up like a mailman, annnd making me dance for you while you go and smoke crack in your bedroom and have sex with some guy I don't even know, on my dad's bed!"""
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Astonished looks from the other guys.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Cartman, what the hell are you talking about?!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"I'm just saying you're just a little wuss, that's all."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Stan, you can use family love as a weapon against Shelly. The next time she's gonna kick your ass, just tell her, ""Shelly, you're my sister, and I love you."""
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kenny,"(""And I want to see you handling your breasts."")"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Sick dude, she's my sister."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Try it. We'll see you in a while, we got to go get Cartman's pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"No, you don't gotta get Cartman's pig! You leave Fluffy out of this!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Come on Kenny.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Kyle no, seriously. No fuckin' elephant is going to make love to my Fluffy, I... Kyle, I will kick you in the nnnnuts."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Crap.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Stan's house. Stan sneaks through the front door.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,TV Voice,And now back to Jesus and Pals on South Park Public Access...
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,Are you staring at my neck-brace?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"No, I mean, yes, I mean, what neck-brace?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,She jumps off the sofa and grabs him by the throat.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Shelly, before you beat my face into a bloody pulp again, I just want you to know that... that you're my sister, and I love you."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Shelly smiles, Stan smiles, it looks like she's gonna let him go... yeah, right! She throws him off to a clear space on the floor, where he lies defeated."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"No. Ahh! Someday, Shelly, I'm gonna be bigger than you, and you're gonna wish you'd never done any of this to me."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,You'll never be bigger than me Stan. Never!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Inside the South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mephesto is marveling at his creation.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Beautiful, it's absolutely beautiful. My son, I think we've finally done it."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,A fetal version of Stan is seen in the incubator.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"Yes, we have dad. My very own human clone."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Bill,Hopefully not a gay clone.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Fosse,"Yeah, that was stupid."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Bill,Stupid.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Fosse,That was stupid.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Out in the hills somewhere, Kyle is pumping a keg that the elephant is drinking from."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Come on elephant, keep drinking."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Damn, I wonder how drunk he needs to be to make sweet love to the pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Fluffy is drinking from a trough labeled ""Beer""."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Dammit! This is never gonna work.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Chef comes into view.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,Hello children. I thought I'd check and see how our little entrepreneurial venture is going.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Rotten, they're both really drunk, but the won't have sex."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Ohh, children, you just can't stick a drunk pig with a drunk elephant, and, and, expect them to do the mattress mambo. You need to set the mood."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,He moves over to a boombox with a mic attached.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Let me show you boys what I'm talking about. Tonight is a-right for love, you know I -- want tuh touch you where the lights don't go. Tonight is a-right for love, love gravy. Expressing love so sweet. I want tuh -- keep you burnin' like a dog in heat. Tonight is a-right for love, love graaavaaay."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"The elephant and pig approach each other. Fluffy smiles at the elephant, then turns around in order to receive him."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Elton John!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Enter Elton John. Intermingled shots of Fluffy and elephant getting interested.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Elton John,"Oooo tonight Oooo it's all right Oooo tonight is right for love, love gravy."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The boys applaud
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,Thank you Elton.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,slowing the tempo. Houses all over the hill show couples embracing.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Tonight is right for love, love graaavaaaaaay."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Elephant is about to mount Fluffy.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Hey look! It's working.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Now children, gather around, and watch the wonders of life. The beauty of Mother Nature."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Squish. Squeals follow.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Aah!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Sick!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Fluffy!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Hmm, now I know how all those white women must have felt."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Squealing continues.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Inside the South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch. A big mutant version of Stan is in the incubator, with a very long left arm."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"How luscious. Our creature has come to fruition, boys."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"Dad, you're the best."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh my God! He only has one ass. He's of no use to me, I'll have to burn the room."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan breaks out of the incubator.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh no, this entire experiment is turning out very bad."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Me bad??
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Clone Stan throws four-assed frog against wall, killing it."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Eeegads, he's out of control. We'll have to destroy him."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,But he's our science fair project!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,"Uhhh, me baad, aba-ba-chewy-chomp."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,He's too dangerous son.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,But dad! I want a human clone.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Son, no."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Clone Stan jumps through window, then tears down the ranch gate entrance."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh son, you've made a horrible mistake. You've put all the people of South Park in jeopardy."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"They're all stupid anyway. Come on guys, let's go."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Bill,"Yeahh, they're all gay."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Back on the Hill. Shot of Fluffy and elephant sleeping together.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Aren't they ever gonna wake up?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Oh, they will. It's gonna be one uuuugly sight."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,I thought you said the wonder of Mother Nature was a beautiful thing.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Yeah, when does Mother Nature go from beautiful to ugly?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Usually about 9:30 in the morning, children."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,The elephant begins to wake up.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Uh oh, here we go."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Elephant looks down at Fluffy with surprise and bellows.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Yeahhh, there's nothing worse than getting all drunk and waking up the next morning next to a pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Fluffy looks up at elephant, begins crying."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,Or a big fat elephant.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Hey, how do we know if she's pregnant?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Well boys, we might not know that for a couple of days."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Couple of days? But Terrance is going to have his human clone by tomorrow.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Well, good job Einstein, why don't we just build a rocket in the meantime?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Kyle punches Cartman.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,Hey!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mephesto approaches.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Oh thank Buddha I found you boys. You must tell me, have you seen anything odd lately?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Uh, we saw an elephant have sex with a pig."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"No, no, I said odd."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Chef,"Hey, you're that crazy cracker from up on the hill."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Sir, if making mutant animals spliced with humans is crazy... then... uhhhhh... hmmm... oh, nevermind. I'm afraid there's been a bit of an incident at the ranch. You see, I've created a large mutant clone of that little boy there, and he's broken free."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kenny,(A big mutant Stan?!)
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,A big mutant version of me?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,Is he bigger than a regular clone?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,He's terribly dangerous. His brain is identical to yours. I need you to help me find him.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park. Clone Stan is wreaking havoc on the town. People are running in fear. Clone Stan has a car in one hand, he's destroying it. A woman screams. Clone Stan tosses car aside effortlessly."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Ah chewy-chewy-chomp.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Woman,Oh my Gooodd!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Stan, are you wearing a different hat?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Uhhhyahhuhhh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,picks up Mr. Garrison and begins beating him against the ground
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, I know a certain young man who's itching for a detention."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan throws Mr. Garrison aside.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,Aaaaaah!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison flies through Jimbo's Guns window.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,Ooooh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Boys in Downtown South Park.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,How big do you think he is?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,I bet he weighs four hundred pounds.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Come on Stan, don't you even know where you would go?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kenny,(Look at that! What's he doin'?)
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Oh my God!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Townsman,Aaaah!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan is running by with two people in his arms.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Newscaster on TV.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Tom,"It appears that the horrible, destructive creature is actually eight-year old Stan Marsh of South Park. When asked why he was wreaking so much havoc on his home town, the little boy replies simply, ""Me Stan, ba-chomp, ba-chewy-chomp, ba-chewy-chomp. Back to you in the studio."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,TV Newscaster,"Thanks Tom, police are requesting that if you see this little eight-year old boy you immediately kill him and burn his body. That's all for now."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,TV Voice,Now back to Jesus and Pals.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jesus,"-- Yea, the way is paved with gold for ye who seek truth and-"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan breaks through wall on set of show.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Ba-ba-chomp-betchaba-chewy-chewy-chomp-aaah.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jesus,Jesus!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,its-to-the-left-mayoueyea.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,On the streets of South Park. Officer Barbrady is directing traffic.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Officer Barbrady, my evil genetic clone is destroying the town. We have to find him."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Officer Barbrady,"You boys have been watching the ""X-Files"" too much, there's no such thing as genetic clone -"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Ahhhh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan grabs Officer Barbrady and throws him into nearby pond.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Officer Barbrady,"Whoa! [From under the surface.] Listen, uh, you kids go on home, there's nothing to see here."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Come on, let's go!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Stan's Uncle Jimbo approaches.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jimbo,"There you are! Stanley, you tore up my entire gun shop, you better have a good explanation for this mister!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"It wasn't me Uncle Jimbo, it was my evil genetic clone."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison walks up looking like hell.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Stanley, what the hell has gotten in to you?! You have got severe lunchroom duty mister!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Jimbo,I'm gonna go have a word with your father Stanley.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, you wait 'til your father hears about this."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Wait, Stan, there he goes."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Stop!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,"Ahhh, ba-ba-chomp?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,He recognizes you dude.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"That's good, that's good dude. Just calm down."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan is now seated in the road.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,"Ba-chomp, eh mee ahh jaran."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,What should we do with him?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Stan looks at Clone Stan, then smiles mischievously."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Stan, how would you like to go home and meet your sister?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,"Ahhhh, yeahhh."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Outside Stan's house. The boys and Clone Stan approach the front door. Sparky can be seen off to the side.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"...So remember, Shelly's the one with the big wire coming out of her mouth and a metal plate on her back. When you see Shelly, kick her ass. Shelly bad, Shelly very bad."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Me bad??
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"No! Shelly bad, you good."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Clone Stan proceeds to destroy the house.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"He's tearing up the house, stop him!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Clone Stan is hitting a chair against the ground. Kenny runs towards Clone Stan, who uses the chair to chuck him into the microwave in the kitchen. The microwave starts up, cooking Kenny."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Come on Kyle, Cartman."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"The boys run at Clone Stan, and he knocks each one aside."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Ah.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,What the hell do you want?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Chewy-chewy-chomp.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Shelly head butts him onto the ground.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clone Stan,Ahhh. Uhhh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mephesto rushes in followed shortly by Terrance with Bill & Fosse.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"Boys! Boys, I'm lusciously sorry for everything."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"Hey, they've got our clone. He belongs to us."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"No son, this beast is a disgrace to genetic engineers everywhere. Boys, I'm sorry I've caused you such - inconvenience. I tried to play God, and I failed."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mephesto shoots Clone Stan through the head.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,Daddy! Nooooo!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mephesto,"All I ever wanted was to genetically engineer something useful, but I failed. Perhaps we shouldn't be toying with God's creations. Perhaps we should just leave nature alone, to its simple one assed schematics."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"You cheating bastards. This isn't over, just wait until tomorrow."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Kyle just now noticed something.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny! You bastards!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Stan sees his parents drive up.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Mom and dad are home. My house is a disaster, you guy- you guys have got to help me."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,I ain't helpin' crap! I want to eat some paeh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,You can't just leave me here alone.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Oh yeah, watch me. [Zips away.]"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Yeah Stan, we have to go find out if Cartman's pig is pregnant or not. See ya. [Leaves.]"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,Thanks a lot.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,"Ohh boy, you are gonna get it now."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,"Jimbo and Mr. Garrison are shown outside, talking to Stan's parents."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,It isn't fair! Everybody hates me! The whole town wants me killed! Mom and dad are gonna send me away! I don't want to be sent away! I want to stay here! Eehhhehehe!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Randy and Sharon enter.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Randy,"Stanley, what, what in God's name have you been doing?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Sharon Marsh,Everybody in town is upset with you young man. What's going on? Are you on drugs?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,It's not Stan's fault.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Randy,Huh?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Shelly,"It wasn't Stan, he was... he was with me the whole time."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Randy,"Oh, well Stan, we're uh, we're sorry we jumped to conclusions."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Sharon,"Oh honey, please forgive us son."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Shelly, you, you saved my life. And yet, you've done so much more than that. Today you've taught me the meaning of family. Sure, families don't always get along, but when the forces of evil descend upon us, we conquer them, by sticking together."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Shelly begins beating the crap out of Stan.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Uh, ahh, oooh."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,rats drag away Kenny's charred corpse as Shelly takes a lawnmower to Stan's face.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's Class. The science projects are due.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Everyone, let's give K. C. and his weed a big hand."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Only Clyde claps.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Okay Kyle, we're ready to see your science project."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Well, our pig hasn't given birth yet, but she should anytime now."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, well then I guess you get an 'F'. Okay, Terrance, I know the class can hardly wait to see your science fair project."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Terrance,"Thank you Mr. Garrison. Boys, Mr. Garrison, fellow students, for our science fair project Bill, Fosse, and I have spawned a creature genetically far superior to man. I present to you, the five-assed monkey."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,Shot of Monkey with five asses.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Monkey,Ahhheh.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, Mr. Hat, isn't it beautiful."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Scene Description,More students clap.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Stan,"Wait, wait, the pig just gave birth. It, it had a baby!"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kid 1,It had a baby?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kid 2,Oh wow!
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Clyde,What's it look like?
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Kyle,"Does it look like a pig, or an elephant?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,"Hey, it kind of looks like Mr. Garrison."
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Mr. Garrison,"Ohh, uh, gee, isn't that an amazing coincidence? Hmm, what are the odds of that?"
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Hat,Hmmm. You boys get first prize.
An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig,Cartman,That'll do pig.
Death,Scene Description,Stan's House.
Death,Marsh Family,"Happy Birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear grandpa..."
Death,"Marvin ""Grandpa"" Marsh",Uhhhhh.
Death,Marsh Family,...Happy birthday to you.
Death,Sharon,Now blow out the candles grandpa.
Death,Scene Description,"Grandpa blows, but nothing comes out but a low moan."
Death,Sharon,Hurray!!!
Death,Randy,"How's it feel to be 102, paps?"
Death,Grandpa,Shoot me.
Death,Sharon,Make a wish grandpa.
Death,Grandpa,I wish I were dead
Death,Randy,"Ha, ha, ha, that's our silly grandpa."
Death,Grandpa,"I'm not being silly! Kill me. I'd do it myself, but I'm too damn old."
Death,Sharon,"Ooh, who wants ice cream with their cake?"
Death,Shelly,I will.
Death,Randy,Me.
Death,Stan,"It's eight o'clock, my favorite TV show is on."
Death,Shelly,"That show's for babies, it's so stupid."
Death,Stan,"Can I eat my cake in the living room mom? Please, can I?"
Death,Sharon,"Oh, alright, but take your grandpa with you."
Death,Stan,"Aw, dammit!"
Death,Sharon,Language.
Death,Scene Description,In front of the TV. Stan has his slice of cake with him.
Death,TV Announcer,And now back to Terrance & Phillip.
Death,Phillip,"Hey Terrance, I think I have to fart."
Death,Terrance,"Wait, before you do, pull my thumb."
Death,Scene Description,"Phillip pulls, and Terrance lets loose with a juicy fart. They both laugh."
Death,Stan,Heheheh hehehe...
Death,Grandpa,Uhhhhh
Death,Scene Description,"Grandpa lines a shotgun up to his face, but it leaves a big hole in the picture behind him when he shoots."
Death,Grandpa,"Ah, dammit!"
Death,Scene Description,Stan looks at him.
Death,Granpa,How would you like to make a dollar Billy?
Death,Stan,"My name's not Billy, grandpa. It's Stan."
Death,Grandpa,"Dammit Billy, do you want a dollar or don't ya?"
Death,Stan,Sure.
Death,Grandpa,Ok. You just have to do one thing for me.
Death,Stan,"I'm not gonna kill you, grandpa."
Death,Grandpa,Why not?
Death,Stan,'Cause I'll get in trouble.
Death,Grandpa,I killed my grandpa when I was your age.
Death,Stan,"Leave me alone, grandpa."
Death,Scene Description,"On the TV there's a fart, and more laughter."
Death,Grandpa,What has America's youth come to? Kids won't even kill their own grandparents.
Death,Scene Description,Kyle's House. Ike and Kyle are watching 'Terrance & Phillip'
Death,Phillip,"Hey Terrance, now that you've farted, I think I might fart too."
Death,Scene Description,"Phillip farts, and they laugh."
Death,Terrance,"Ohhh, you farted."
Death,Scene Description,Kyle is laughing pretty hard.
Death,Sheila Broflovski,"Kyle, bubbe, what are you watching?"
Death,Terrance,"Hey Phillip, would you like a flower?"
Death,Phillip,I sure would Terrance.
Death,Terrance,"Alrighty then, here's a two-lip."
Death,Scene Description,"Terrance farts, and they laugh."
Death,Sheila,What is this?
Death,Scene Description,Kyle falls off the armchair laughing.
Death,Sheila,It's horrible!
Death,Scene Description,Kyle gets up off the floor.
Death,Kyle,"Dude, it's Terrance & Phillip."
Death,Scene Description,Phillip knocks Terrance's head to one side.
Death,Phillip,"Take that, you stupid dick."
Death,Sheila,What did he say?
Death,Terrance,"You're an asshole, Phillip."
Death,Sheila,Whatwhatwhaaat?!!?
Death,Scene Description,Laughter. She turns the set off.
Death,Shiela,"Young man, you are not to watch that show anymore! It's immature toilet humor!"
Death,Kyle,But everybody watches Terrance & Phillip.
Death,Scene Description,Sheila with her arms akimbo.
Death,Sheila,Oh really? Is that so?
Death,Scene Description,Cartman's House.
