"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila pops out again.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"This is for your own good, bubbe."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Now, you go brush your teeth and march into bed! You won't be opening your Channukah present tonight!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"[softly, under his breath] Probably just another stupid dreidel anyway."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,What did you say?!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle enters his room.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I said Ike's on fire!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Ike,Oh oh. On flame? Oh oh. On flame?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,OH MY GOD!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Gerald quickly smothers Ike with a blanket to douse the flames.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle's house, the bathroom. He is brushing his teeth."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,It isn't fair! I don't want to be an outcast!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A voice is echoing from the toilet
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice,Kyle.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle faces the toilet, then returns to brushing his teeth."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I'm not hearing that.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice,Kyle.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle hops down and goes to the toilet, then looks into it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey pops up and makes his entrance wearing white gloves and a red elf cap.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howwwwdy-hoooo.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey jumps onto the sink.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, Kyle. Gosh, you're looking swell."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"[now wary] Go away, Mr. Hankey."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"You know something, Kyle? You smell an awful lot like flowers."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I said go away! My father said you aren't real.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Not real? Well shucks. If I weren't real, could I sing this jolly Christmas song?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"He begins to sing. As he does so, he skips around the room and leaves bits of poo behind."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Santa Claus is on his way He's loaded goodies on his sleigh To drop them off on Christmas Day And I'll say 'Howdy-ho'.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey! Sshhhh! I'll get in trouble.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Folks'll gather round the fire sing a song, stroll the choir Pretty song they'll all retire And I'll say 'Howdy-ho'."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He leaves 'NOEL' written in poop on the vanity mirror.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Gerald knocks on the door.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Kyle, what are you doing in there?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Nothing.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He knocks again.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,Open this door!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I hope that Santa comes real soon I've been waiting for some we...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, come here."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle grabs Mr. Hankey and muffles him, and turns as Gerald opens the door. Gerald sees a bathroom smeared with feces everywhere, and a boy facing him holding a big piece of it in his left hand. He gasps and remains speechless."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,KYLE!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle throttles the poo.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Say something, Mr. Hankey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"It falls over, and Kyle looks forsaken."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle's bedroom. Kyle is now in bed.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,"Now, you get to sleep, and think about how your poor mother has to clean that bathroom up!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,Whatwhatwhaaat?! Me?!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Gerald looks towards his room and quickly closes the door.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey is now on Kyle's comforter.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mr. Hankey! Where the hell did you go?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"You should be wearing socks to sleep, Kyle. You're gonna catch a cold."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Nobody believes in you, not even my friends."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Aw, gee, that's too bad."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Hey! How about you come to school with me tomorrow, so I can at least prove I'm not crazy to my friends."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Say, that sounds like a swell idea. We can show everyone the true spirit of Christmas."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Yeah! We'll show them!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle smiles, pleased with the idea."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Downtown South Park.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,"Okay, people, we've got to turn this place around! Take down anything that is offensive to any specific group!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd sets about dismantling the decorations. A man removes Santa's head from his sleigh and tosses it onto the street.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Uncle Jimbo calls forth from his shop.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Uncle Jimbo,Is mistletoe offensive?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,Is anyone offended by mistletoe?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,One man raises his hand.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mayor McDaniels,Lose the mistletoe!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Jimbo clips it off.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Bus stop.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,You guys! I'm getting that John Elway football helmet for Christmas!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,How do you know?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,'Cause I looked in my parents' closet last night.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Yeah? Well I sneaked around my mom's closet too, and saw what I'm getting. The Ultravibe Pleasure 2000."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,What's that?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"I don't know, but it sounds pretty sweet."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle arrives.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Hello, everybodyyy."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"What's in the box, dude?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,It's a surprise.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Let me see!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The boys gather around the box.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,O-Okay. But don't scare him...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"A shot of what Mr. Hankey sees as Stan pops the lid open, then a top-down view as the poo is shown in all its glory. Cartman and Stan blink."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"[angrily] Dude, sick!!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle looks down at his poo.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Is this some kind of Jewish tradition?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(That is the sickest thing I have ever fucking seen!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Wait! You guys! He's alive!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle jostles the box.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Kyle, I think you'd better get home and get some sleep."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle is shaking the box now.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Come on, dance! Daaance! Dance, damn you!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Research Center, a Researcher is shown before at least six subjects."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Now this is very simple. I'm going to say words and the computer will measure how offended you are by them. In this way we can find out which words are least offensive for use in the holiday season. Are we ready?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The group looks back at him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Here we go: Christ
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Two responses.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Hm. Okay. Cherub.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,No response.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Hm... Camel
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,One response.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Hm. Sad.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,No response.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Stupid Wop Dago.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,All respond.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Researcher,Bench...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. The janitors are clearing out the decorations."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Aw, do you have to take away the Christmas tree, too?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Janitor 2,Mayor's orders.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, I'm really having a hard time with our Christmas play. The new law states we can't sing any songs having to do with Jesus or Santa Claus."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Thanks to Kyle's mother.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Shut up, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,So does anybody know any non-Santa or non-Jesus Christmas songs.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Cartman raises his hand.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Yes, Eric?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"How about we sing ""Kyle's Mom is a Stupid Bitch"", in D minor."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"I told you not to call my mom a bitch, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"O-ho. Weeeeeeeeeellll Kyle's mom is a bitch, she's a big fat bitch, she's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world She a stupid bitch, if there ever was a bitch, she's a bitch to all the boys and girls."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Shut up, Cartman!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey pops to life.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,[hushed] Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Monday she's a bitch, on Tuesday she's a bitch, on Wednesday to Saturday she's a bitch Then on Sunday, just to be different, she's a super King Kamehameha bi-atch!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The class is clapping along gleefully by now, while Kyle looks at Cartman with ire."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Golly, that isn't very nice."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle turns to hear him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I'd sure like to teach him a lesson.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison joins in the clapping, but he's off beat."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Have you ever met my friend Kyle's mom? She's the biggest bitch in the whole wide world. She's a mean ole bitch 'cause she has stupid hair, she a bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch she's a stupid bitch! Kyle's mom's a bitch and she's just a dirty bitch! KYLE'S MOOOM IS A - BIIIIII-I-I-ITCH - aahh."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, no!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Mmmrrr-aaarrrggghhh!!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey attacks Cartman.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,What the...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The poo is now on the floor, and the class gasps."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Gross, Kyle!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Oh my lord, Kyle, did you just throw doo-doo at Eric?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Uuuuuuhh...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,YOU SICK BASTARD!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Some snickers are heard.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The counselor's office, the window showing silhouettes of Kyle and Mr. Mackey. Another student waits outside."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo","Mr. Mackey, Jr.","Now, uh, Kyle, as your school counselor, uh I want to try and help you confront your problems, 'kay?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I don't have a problem.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Well it-it's my understanding that you umhm, yu-you have an acute case of fecophilia."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,What's that?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Well-uh, a fecophiliac is somebody who's obsessed with mookie-stinks, Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Mookie-stinks?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Now I also understand that you're Jewish. Is that right, Kyle?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Wull, not on purpose."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"So this must be a pretty hard time of year for you, being Christmas and all. Do the other kids make fun of ya?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Well, sometimes..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,And that must make you mad.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Well sure.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Mad enough to kill, Kyle???"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Mackey looks at him up close.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"No, dude!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Oh that's good. You see, Kyle, sometimes we feel like an outsider, we-we create friends, Okay-in our minds, Okay?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,But Mr. Hankey seemed so real...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,Well of course he does; in your screwed-up little head he's the only friend you have.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey sips from his coffee cup, Mr. hankey is now bathing in the cup."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Kyle!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle lowers his head.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle is shocked.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Right now you're nuttier than Chinese chicken salad, m'kay-I mean, you're one screwed-up little kid do you understand?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle looks back up in horror at the counselor, who takes another sip of coffee. Kyle closes his eyes in dread anticipation. Mr. Hankey is still bathing in Mr. Mackey's coffee."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Santa's loaded up his sleigh flying around his merry way...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"To try and stay positive stay away from drug and alcohol, and in the meantime I'm gonna put you on a heavy regimen of Prozac..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Mackey notices the poo in his cup and gasps.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"Uuuuuuugghh-oh my God, you sick little monkey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kyle's mouth is twisted with chagrin.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. Christmas lights are still hanging and lit."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, we've just received word from the mayor that the Christmas play can't include any Christmas lights, since they offend people with epilepsy..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Students,Hhmm.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"...so Kenny, would you please go over and pull the lights cords out of the wall?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"a low faucet is dripping next to the outlet, creating a puddle that goes past it. The class looks at the sight, then Kenny goes over..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Careful now, Kenny, those are very, very dangerous."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kenny tugs at the cords and they come out. He looks at the class, then walks back to his spot."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Okay. Now let's practice our...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey rushes in, followed by Kyle."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,No! Get away from me!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Here. Just look more closely at it.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Mackey,"No! Go away! Stan, you need to do something about your friend, m'kay. Get him out of here before he hurts anybody! M'kay?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Mental House.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Hullo, we need to commit our friend, Kyle please."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Nurse,Reason?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I'm a clinically depressed fecophiliac on Prozac.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Nurse,Any allergies?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,No.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Nurse,Jacket!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Two burly men come out through the doors on either side of the nurse and wrap Kyle up, then take him inside, chattering all the while."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Bye, Kyle! Happy Channukah!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, does everyone have their leotards on?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"They do, and just look back. The camera now looks out to the audience."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Artsy Man,"Good, it looks like they have taken the Christmas trees down."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",His Date,"Yes, and there's nothing Christian, either. This should be great!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,"Oh, this could be such a wonderful Christmas play - I wish our little Kyle was here to see it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila is now sobbing.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Mental House.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I will play Second verse, same as the first Dreidel, dreidel, dreidelll-I ma..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the school gym. The MC is on stage."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,Welcome to the South Park Elementary Holiday...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man 1,"[pointing] Wait, wait, there's a star above the stage. That's very offensive to non-Christians."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Uncle Jimbo,"Oh, come on!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man 1,"Hey! Don't put your beliefs on me, buddy!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Randy Marsh,I agree.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Garrison peeks through the curtain.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,Oh brother.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He steps back.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Kenny, would you please climb that ladder and take down the star above the stage?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny approaches the ladder and starts climbing.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"And be careful not to fall in that little pool below you, Kenny, the shark for the third act is in there."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny looks down at the pool.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Hunh?)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He looks back at Mr. Garrison.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,"Ladies and gentlemen, Welcome to the South Park Elementary Holiday Experience. Before we bring out the kiddies for the play, here's a non-offensive, non-denominational holiday song by the school chef."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"I'm gonna lay you down by the Yule log I'm gonna love you right Baby, I'm gonna deck your halls And silence your nights."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny reaches the star and makes sure he's safe.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"You'll hear the herald angels sing When I'm sliding off your bra I just can't wait to jingle your bells and falala your love... You can break my heart, and that means..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,I wish Kyle was here. It just doesn't seem right without him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"...We should make love,"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Well. Ol' Kyle's gonna be locked up for a while, so get used to it."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,...'Cause if we don't-
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,"Okay, kids, get ready to take your places."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,"Thank you, Chef!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Kenny finally descends with the star.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Phew!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",MC,"And now, South Park Elementary presents the happy, non-offensive, non-denominational Christmas Play, with music and lyrics by New York minimalist composer, Philip Glass!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Philip Glass moves into position and start playing his keyboards. The curtains draw back, and the kids look out at the audience. They begin to move around."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice-over,"As I turn and look into the sun, the rays burn my eyes."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"A track saying ""Happy Happy Happy, Everybody Happy"" is added, along with an arpeggio. Members of the audience look confused."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Voice-over,How like a turtle the sun looks.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,What the hell is this???
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The kids just keep moving and turning.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Sheila,This is horrible!!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,This is the most God-awful piece of crap I've ever seen!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Garrison,You're the ones who made it this way!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,"Yeah, it's because the Jews said it couldn't be Christian."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,It wasn't our idea to take out Santa Claus!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Elderly Tree Hugger,All you bastards ruined Christmas!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The crowd descends into brawling. A person in blue is thrown towards the stage. The Broflovskis trap Father Maxi.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Gerald,Get him in the ribs!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Sheila punches Father Maxi.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Father Maxi,Oof.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Picking up the elderly tree-hugger.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Man in audience,Damn tree-hugger!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Tosses him away.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"This sucks, dude. This is like the worst Christmas I have ever seen."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,Yeah.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Chef is now on stage behind the children.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"Say, where's Kyle?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,We committed him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,What? Why?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,'Cause. He kept seeing this little brown piece of Christmas poo everywhere that he went.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,Chirstmas poo? You yuh-you mean Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Huh?! O-oh.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"The crowd continues to brawl. Sheila uses a chair on her husband, who quickly falls to the floor. She watches him fall."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A Mr. Hankey Commercial Plays.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Back at the gym. The man in blue is thrown from his post for the third time - an obvious blooper, as the Broflovskis have Father Maxi trapped again."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"This is horrible! Everybody's fighting and my best friend is in an institution, all because we didn't believe in Mr. Hankey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,Well! You can believe in him now.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A woman backs up across the stage as a man flies towards her. The crowd is more violent now.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Woman,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,I believe.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,A piano begins to play softly.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Wendy,I believe in Mr. Hankey.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"A shoebox at one side of the stage starts to jump, and the lid pops off. Mr. Hankey jumps up and floats in the air, surrounded by pixie dust."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,Hoooowwwwwdy-ho!!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Everyone on stage gasps.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy, folks. Gosh you sure do smell all nice and flowery."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo","Cartman, Stan",Whoa!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, Chef!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"Howdy-ho, Mr. Hankey!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Okay, that does it! Screw this, I'm goin home!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Moves toward stage left.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Talking poo is where I draw the line!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,What's all the ruckus?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Chef,"I'm glad you're here, Mr. Hankey. The whole town is about to kill each other."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I reckon this could be a job for Mr. Hankey!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He sees the crowd fighting and whistles. They stop and turn to see him.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,STOP FIGHTING!!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",The Mayor,"Oh my God, what the hell is that thing?"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Come on, gang, don't fight. You people focus so hard on the things wrong with Christmas that you've forgotten what's so right about it. Don't you see? This is the one time of year we're s'posed to forget all the bad stuff, to stop worrying and being sad about the state of the world, and for just one day say, ""Aw, the heck with it! Let's sing and dance and bake cookies""."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Father Maxi finally gets up from the floor as a single person begins to clap, and the crowd turns to see that the person clapping is Gerald. Then others start clapping and the town begins to cheer. Mr. Hankey is overjoyed at the response."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Mental House. Kyle sits on the floor of a padded room.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,I'm a Jew A lonely Jew...
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, Kyle!!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Thinking it's a hallucination.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Oh no, I'm not sane yet!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,I brought some friends with me.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,Friends?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Kyle gets up and looks lout a small window. He sees all the townsfolk and smiles, relieved."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"Merry Christmas, Kyle Broflovski!!!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,You mean you can see him? Ah-I'm not crazy?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The nurse releases him and he rushes out the door. Mr. Hankey follows.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey kisses Kyle.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"...he loves me and I love you Therefore, vicariously he loves you..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Mr. Hankey begins tossing presents to everyone.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,...Even if you're a Jew
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Pirrip,"Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny, he can be brown or greenish-brown But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve, he might come to your town"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Townsfolk,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo He loves me. I love you Heeeeeeee Looooooves Yoooooouu!"
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey, during the second chorus."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Mr. Hankey,"Well, I've got a loong night ahead of me. Bye-bye and Merry Christmas."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,He floats up to meet Santa as he passes by.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,Good-bye Mr. Hankey! Bring me lots of presents! I always believed in you!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Santa Claus,Howdy-ho ho ho!
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,"You know, I learned something today. I learned that Jewish people are okay. And that...Hanukkah can be cool, too."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kyle,"Yeah...[concerned] You know, it seems like something's still not right."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The camera pans over to Kenny.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Cartman,"Yeah, something feels...unfinished."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Drum roll.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Stan,Wh-what could it be?
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,The drum roll heads for a climax.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,THE END.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Kenny,(Yee he hee!)
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,End credits roll.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,South Park Public Access. A light is on.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Jesus is on the Jesus and Pals set alone.
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Jesus,"Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me..."
"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo",Scene Description,Jesus blows out the candle on his cake and ends up in the dark. He blinks. Credits resume rolling.
Damien,Scene Description,Classroom: Cartman enters humming with a stack of envelopes. He starts handing them out.
Damien,Cartman,"Here you go, Kyle... And here's yours, Stan..."
Damien,Kyle,"What is this, Cartman?"
Damien,Cartman,They're invitations to my birthday party this weekend.
Damien,Stan,"Oh, sweet! Your mom's giving you a big party again this year?"
Damien,Cartman,"Thaat's right. 'Cause it's my birthday, my bu bubu birthday..."
Damien,Kyle,"Kick ass, dude! Cartman's mom throws the best birthday parties ever."
Damien,Cartman,That's right.
Damien,Stan,"Yeah. If my mom could cook like Cartman's mom, I'd be a big fat-ass, too."
Damien,Cartman,That's ri-aayy.
Damien,Pip,"Oh, Eric. I didn't get an invitation."
Damien,Cartman,"[darting over] Oh, really? Gosh. Where could I have put Pip's invitation?? Let's see, Pip's invitation, Pip's invitation... Oh! I remember!"
Damien,Scene Description,Pip smiles hopefully.
Damien,Cartman,I shoved it up my ass!
Damien,Scene Description,Pip's hopes are dashed.
Damien,Cartman,"Yeess, that's right. I wrote it out, put it in an envelope, sealed it, and then shoved it right up my ass, forever ruining any chance you had of coming to my birthday party! Sorry, Pip ol' chap!"
Damien,Scene Description,moves on
Damien,Cartman,"Here's yours, Wendy... and here's yours, Clyde..."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"[excitedly] Children, children! Today is a very special day."
Damien,Cartman,"No, my birthday isn't until Saturday."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"I'm not talking about your birthday, Eric. We have a new student joining our class today."
Damien,Cartman,Eeeeeeh!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Now, some of you know what it's like to be the new kid in town, so I want you all to take special care to make him feel welcome. I want you all to meet our new classmate... [leans down to the new kid, Damien] uh-uh, what's your name again?"
Damien,Damien Thorn,Damien!
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus...dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,"Dark music and changing plays as Damien's eyes show flaming, crackling pupils."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Say 'hi' to Damien! [Silence.] And where are you from, Damien?"
Damien,Damien,The seventh layer of hell!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Ooooh, that's exciting, my mother was from Alabama."
Damien,Scene Description,"Damien goes around the teacher's desk and hops up on it, kicking away the apple. Garrison steps aside."
Damien,Damien,"My arrival shall note the end of the Beginning, the beginning of the End, the new reign of my father!"
Damien,Ominous voice,... rectus... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Mr. Garrison,Your father?
Damien,Damien,The Prince of Darkness!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, we have royalty in our class. Why don't you take your seat, Damien? We're gonna finish our lesson on great singers of the Baroque era."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien hops down and goes to sit next to Cartman.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Now, children, Nancy Sinatra was quite a choice piece of ass..."
Damien,Cartman,"Hey, new kid. Do you want an invitation to my birthday party?"
Damien,Damien,Here begins the rule of pain! The new domination of...
Damien,Cartman,"Psych! I wasn't gonna give you an invitation, hehehehehehe! Hey, who cut your hair? Stevie Wonder?"
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,Damien turns to Cartman and concentrates. Cartman's desk suddenly turns over and dumps him onto the floor.
Damien,Cartman,Byah. Oof!
Damien,Scene Description,The desk goes out the window. The class sits up.
Damien,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Damien,Ominous voice,Sancti...
Damien,Kyle,"Damn, what a freak!"
Damien,Cartman,[Getting up off the floor.] Hey! I had a poofy pie in that desk!
Damien,Ominous voice,Cheesy poofs...
Damien,Damien,Now feel the wrath - of the fallen angels! The plague of night is upon ye.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Damien, do you need to sit in time out for a few minutes?"
Damien,Scene Description,Damien blinks.
Damien,Cartman,"Eheh. [Taunting.] You got in trouble, you got in trouble."
Damien,Scene Description,The cafeteria: The boys already have their lunches.
Damien,Stan,"Hey, Cartman? How come the birthday invitation you gave me says 'Green Mega Man'?"
Damien,Kyle,Yeah. Mine says 'Red Mega Man'.
Damien,Cartman,Right. That's what your supposed to get for my birthday.
Damien,Stan,Dude. You're not supposed to tell people what to get you for your birthday.
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah, that's weak!"
Damien,Cartman,"Look, it's very simple guys. Green Mega Man goes with Red Mega Man and Yellow Mega Man to make the Ultra Mega Mega Man. You have to have all three or it doesn't work, see?"
Damien,Stan,Up yours. Cartman. I'll get you whatever the hell I want.
Damien,Scene Description,Kyle crumples up the invitation and throws it away.
Damien,Cartman,"Oooh. So maybe you don't want to have any of my mom's cake, pie, and ice cream, then."
Damien,Stan,"Oh great, Green Mega Man it is."
Damien,Cartman,"Now. As you can see, Kenny, you are to get me Yellow Mega Man. That's because Yellow Mega Man is the cheapest one, and I know how poor your family is."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien arrives.
Damien,Stan,"Heeyy, what do you think you're doing, new kid?"
Damien,Cartman,"Yeah. You can't sit with us, weirdo!"
Damien,Damien,Infidels! I will turn you all into beasts of burden!
Damien,Kyle,"You can't sit with us, new kid. Go find another table!"
Damien,Scene Description,Damien walks off.
Damien,Cartman,"Yich. Anyway Kenny, Yellow Man is only $8.95, so maybe your mom can put it on layaway and make payments for a year or two."
Damien,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle laugh, then Cartman laughs. Kenny punches him."
Damien,Cartman,Eeyy!
Damien,Scene Description,Damian walks over to where Pip is.
Damien,Pip,"Oh. Good day, Damien. My name is Philip, but everyone calls me Pip - because they hate me."
Damien,Damien,Then I will call you Pip.
Damien,Pip,Right-o.
Damien,Stan,Hey new kid!
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman turns around. Kenny is already facing him.
Damien,Stan,"Kenny says he saw... your mother drop you off this morning, and she's a real dog."
Damien,Kenny,"(Yeah, I feel that she's a freakin' bitch!)"
Damien,Damien,That does it! Woo-paah.
Damien,Scene Description,Points his index fingers at Kenny.
Damien,Ominous voice,... rectus... dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,"Kenny trembles for a moment, and then a moment of silence."
Damien,Stan,What the... ?
Damien,Kyle,Dude! He turned Kenny into a duck-billed platypus.
Damien,Stan,A what?
Damien,Kenny,Quack-quack.
Damien,Cartman,"Eeyy! Uh-turn him back you butt-hole, he has to buy me the Yellow Mega Man!"
Damien,Scene Description,Chef comes up behind them.
Damien,Chef,"Hello there, children."
Damien,Stan,"Hey, Chef."
Damien,Chef,How's it going?
Damien,Kyle,Bad.
Damien,Chef,Why bad?
Damien,Kyle,"Chef, there's a new kid in school, and he's a total weirdo freak."
Damien,Chef,"Oh children, children, you shouldn't not like somebody just because they're different. Here, let me sing you a little song, We're all special in our own way everybody's different, but that's okay, 'cause even though we might-a have different-colored skin, different points of view, be tall or thin, it doesn't mean I can't lay you down, woman, and touch your silky skin,"
Damien,Scene Description,A psychedelic scene appears behind him.
Damien,Chef,"With my love deep inside you, where no man has ever been,"
Damien,Scene Description,He stands behind a lovely black woman wearing trunks and a big smile.
Damien,Chef,"Rub you legs, caress your thighs and uh..."
Damien,Scene Description,"He floats on a cloud with a lovely white woman, then he's back in the cafeteria"
Damien,Chef,What were we talking about again?
Damien,Kyle,The new kid.
Damien,Scene Description,Damian is standing on a table.
Damien,Damien,Death to the holy! The wrath of the fallen angels now heads for you all!
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Scene Description,"Pip's cap flies off, followed by milk and lunch trays, large tote bags, wall poster, clocks..."
Damien,Stan,Whoa!
Damien,Chef,Oh! That is one fudged-up little cracker!
Damien,Scene Description,"...Footballs, bunnyfish, desks, telephones, fire alarms, rifles..."
Damien,Kyle,"We told you, dude."
Damien,Scene Description,Kids scream. Pip is awestruck. Kids and lunch tables begin to rise and fly around.
Damien,Chef,"We've got to do something, children!"
Damien,Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey flies by, then Kevin Stoley, then a cow. (think Twister)"
Damien,Damien,Bring me Jesus! My wrath shall continue until I speak to Jesus!
Damien,Ominous voice,... rectus... dominus... cheesy poofs... rectus... dominus...
Damien,"Stan, Kyle",Jesus?
Damien,Scene Description,"The set of Jesus and Pals. Jesus freshens up, and Roland the cameraman comes in"
Damien,Roland,"Two minutes to air, Jesus."
Damien,Jesus,"Thanks, Roland. Blessed art thou. [Stan and Kyle dash in.]"
Damien,Stan,"Jesus, Jesus!"
Damien,Jesus,"Ah-hi kids, I only do autographs after the show."
Damien,Stan,"No no. There's a big problem at school. Some new kid showed up, wearing all black, and and Chef thinks he's evil."
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah. Look what he did to our friend, Kenny."
Damien,Kenny,Quack-quack.
Damien,Jesus,Wow. That's pretty heavy.
Damien,Stan,"This new kid, he just keeps throwing things around and... saying stuff aboout his dark prince father coming. He says he wants to talk to you."
Damien,Jesus,The Dark Prince?
Damien,Stan,Yeah.
Damien,Kyle,Yeah.
Damien,Jesus,"So it was written, and so the cycle of years brings the Son of the Evil One."
Damien,Stan,[To Kyle.] Whoa. Huduh now he's talking like the new kid.
Damien,Jesus,"Thou must taketh me to this seedling of Satan, so mine eyes can confirm the wretched truth."
Damien,Kyle,... K.
Damien,Scene Description,School playground
Damien,Groundskeeper,"Five minutes until recess is over, you little bastards!"
Damien,Scene Description,"Cartman is heard speaking. Three kids look at him: Wendy, Clyde, and Brimmy, who is taking notes. Cartman stands next to an easel, pointing at drawings he made earlier. A boy with a blue hat joins them later"
Damien,Cartman,"Now, as you can see, the Red Mega Man uses thee... Mega Cycle, which is what Clyde will be getting me for my birthday. Wendy, you were supposed to get me the Mega Power Chopper, illustrated... here, but, I'm changing your present to the Yellow Mega Man, since Kenny has been turned into a... duck-billed platypus. That means that the Mega Man beach house, illustrated... heuh, will be a gift given by two people at once, 'cause it costs more money..."
Damien,Scene Description,"A football lands in front of Damien, who sets fire to it. He then points to the slide, which catches fire and sends Red into another student as Bebe looks on."
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus... sancti...
Damien,Red,Aaaaa Bebe!
Damien,Bebe,Our slide!
Damien,Damien,Feel my wrath!
Damien,Scene Description,"Damien sends a small fireball from his fingertip to the see-saw, setting it aflame and knocking off Kevin Stoley and Token."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien torches the hobby elephants. A boy with a brown hat screams as fire is set to the hobby elephant he's playing on.
Damien,Pip,"[As Damien torches the hobby elephants.] Oho Damien, you shouldn't be so upset, you know. I know it's hard being the new kid, but the children may accept you someday."
Damien,Damien,I don't need acceptance. I'm the Son of Satan!
Damien,Scene Description,He torches the jungle gym. Butters screams as he falls off.
Damien,Pip,Believe me! I know what it's like not to have friends. Perhaps you should speak to the school counselor. He helps me a lot when I'm feeling lonely.
Damien,Ominous voice,... Rectus... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Jesus,Damien!
Damien,Damien,Aaah! Son of Stench! Cursed Ruler of the weak!
Damien,Jesus,"So it is thou, Son of Lucifer!"
Damien,Damien,"Your time on this earth is short. Soon, my father comes."
Damien,Jesus,Let him come then. I shall stop him!
Damien,Damien,Behold! He is already upon us! [Clouds begin to conceal the sun.
Damien,Kyle,"Ohh, dude!"
Damien,Satan,Hic dominus ampullicus unum sum. Forante onlisam dum sameli etludemus.
Damien,Scene Description,Another whirlwind comes up.
Damien,Jimbo,What the hell's going on here?
Damien,Scene Description,A crowd begins to gather.
Damien,Father Maxi,Look! It's that guy from the public access show!
Damien,Blonde,What's happening?
Damien,Chef,"Come over here if you're scared, women! I'll protect you!"
Damien,Scene Description,Garrison leans onto him.
Damien,Chef,"Not you, dammit!"
Damien,Satan,Forante onlisam dum sameli etludemus.
Damien,Damien,"Jesus, my father says... he chooses you! He calls you out! Be here at this time tomorrow! Then the terms will be discussed!"
Damien,Jesus,Very well. Let the final battle between Good and Evil be fought - right here in South Park!
Damien,Jimbo,"Come on, Ned! We've got to get our asses to the bookie!"
Damien,Scene Description,The Crowd disperses.
Damien,Stan,You're gonna fight Satan?
Damien,Jesus,"This fight has been ordained since the beginning! My children, this is the most crucial and serious time... of all history."
Damien,Commercial,Who will win our souls?
Damien,Scene Description,An hourglass spins on a horizontal axis.
Damien,Commercial,Our Savior and Lord?
Damien,Scene Description,Jesus launches a fireball into the darkness.
Damien,Commercial,Or the Prince of Darkness?
Damien,Scene Description,A red demon looms over several fleeing people.
Damien,Commercial,It's the final battle between Good and Evil.
Damien,Scene Description,A black figure and a white one bump heads.
Damien,Commercial,"And it's only on Pay Per View! Jesus Versus Satan! Live, from the South Park Forum on Saturday. Call now to order, only $49.95."
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman's house. The boys have just seen the commercial
Damien,Cartman,"Hey, wait a minute. Saturday is my birthday party. They can't have the fight on Saturday!"
Damien,Kenny,Quack-quack.
Damien,Stan,"[To Kyle.] I don't know what to do, dude. Do we go to the fight, or Cartman's birthday?"
Damien,Cartman,Cartman's birthday!
Damien,Kyle,We can't miss the final apocalyptic battle between Good and Evil!
Damien,Cartman,"You guys, my mom is getting a Ferris wheel."
Damien,Stan,"Well, come on. We have to at least see the weigh-in."
Damien,Cartman,"Who the hell decided the fight had to be on Saturday, huh?! This whole thing is a plot against me, isn't it?!"
Damien,Scene Description,"Main St. A crowd is gathered for the weigh-in. Jesus waits for him, too"
Damien,Father Maxi,When is Satan gonna show up?
Damien,Scene Description,The boys rush up.
Damien,Stan,Did the Devil show up yet?
Damien,Jesus,Not yet.
Damien,Kyle,"Hey, Jesus! Ih-if you win the fight, can you turn Kenny back to normal?"
Damien,Jesus,... What the hell do you mean if I win the fight?
Damien,Cartman,"Don't mind him, Jesus, he's Jewish."
Damien,Jesus,Oh.
Damien,Jimbo,"We're all with you, Jesus! We put every dime we have on you beatin' that Dark Prince."
Damien,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
Damien,Jesus,"Thank you for your faith but, I think perhaps you don't understand the severity of the situation."
Damien,Father Maxi,"You're gonna kick his ass, Jesus."
Damien,Scene Description,More cheering. A pillar of fire appears.
Damien,Ominous Vocie,Rectus... dominus...
Damien,Jesus,Behold. The Evil One approaches.
Damien,Satan,Yeah.
Damien,Scene Description,"He appears, and the crowd gasps at his size."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,Holy poop on a stick!
Damien,Satan,Puny Son of Jehovah! Prepare to enter thy House of Pain!
Damien,Stan,"Holy crap, dude. Satan is huge."
Damien,Jimbo,Now that is a man who has eaten a lot of beef!
Damien,Satan,"Son of God, I will smash thy face into small little bits!"
Damien,Jesus,Oh - oh yeah??
Damien,Man in crowd,Damn.
Damien,Satan,I have such delightful horrors to unleash upon thee.
Damien,Jesus,Oh yeah??
Damien,Scene Description,"A scale is brought in, and Satan is directed to stand on it."
Damien,Announcer,"Satan weighs in at - 320 lbs, 4 oz."
Damien,Scene Description,"The crowd gasps. Satan steps off, and Jesus steps on."
Damien,Announcer,"Jesus Christ weighs in at - 135 lbs., 1 oz."
Damien,Scene Description,The crowd lets out a long sigh of disappointment.
Damien,Chef,Ooh crap.
Damien,Jesus,"Aw, come on! I weigh more than that."
Damien,Satan,"Let the new prince be decided on Saturday. First South Park, then the world."
Damien,Scene Description,The clouds gather behind him. He then turns and walks away.
Damien,Jimbo,[Holding his ticket up.] Well-uh... I think I'll-uh uuduh-I think I left the oven on.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, I think I left your oven on, too."
Damien,Father Maxi,Uh-ssee ya - Saturday - Jesus. Good luck.
Damien,Scene Description,The crowd breaks up.
Damien,Scene Description,The Sports Book $. Two screens are showing horse races
Damien,Man 1,Change my bet!
Damien,Man 2,I'm betting on the Devil!
Damien,Jimbo,I wanna change my bet to Satan.
Damien,Ned,"Me, too."
Damien,Mr. Garrison,Wai-wa I was here first.
Damien,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Mr. Mackey's office. Damien is in"
Damien,Mr. Mackey,"Now, uh, as your counselor, I want you to feel like you can tell me anything. mkay? Uh, being the new kid can be tough, but I'm your friend, m'kay?"
Damien,Damien,Everybody hates me!
Damien,Mr. Mackey,Well-uh. Why do you suppose that is?
Damien,Damien,Because I'm the son of the Devil?
Damien,Mr. Mackey,"Uhuh. That's a good start, why else?"
Damien,Damien,Because I... burn them and kill them?
Damien,Mr. Mackey,"Well yeah, maybe that's it. Wha... wha what you need to do, uh Damien, is - is to be overly nice. And no matter how mean the other kids are to you, just don't retaliate. You be passive, m'kay? That's what I taught the little British boy, Pip, and, and just look at how much the other children like him now."
Damien,Scene Description,"The playground. Bebe, Kevin Stoley, Butters, and Clyde surround Pip."
Damien,Clyde,I bet I can spit the most on him.
Damien,Scene Description,"Spits, and it lands on Pip's left shoulder."
Damien,Bebe,Oh yeah? I bet I can spit in his hair.
Damien,Scene Description,"Spits, and it lands on his right eye."
Damien,Pip,Eho. Nice try. A little higher and you've got it.
Damien,Stan,"Damn, recess sucks without any slides or nothin'."
Damien,Cartman,"[Sees Damien coming.] Oh, here comes the unholy butt-hole now. Ey! Thanks a lot for burning everything down, you little bitch!"
Damien,Damien,I apologize for ruining your playground. And turning your friend into a duck-billed platypus. I was doing my father's bidding. I didn't have a choice.
Damien,Scene Description,A sequence of blinks hints as to the boys' response. Cartman moves closer to Damien.
Damien,Cartman,"[Farts and moves away.] Oh, excuse me new kid. I didn't mean to fart on you, I didn't have a choice!"
Damien,Scene Description,"Damien is angry, but restrains himself."
Damien,Stan,"Phew! You stink, new kid. You smell like a fart."
Damien,Kyle,Yeah. We're gonna call you Fart-boy from now on.
Damien,Stan,"Bubye, Fart-boy."
Damien,Kyle,See ya.
Damien,Pip,"Good day, Damien. How are you?"
Damien,Damien,"Those guys farted on me, and then called me-"
Damien,Pip,Fartboy? Oho good. Perhaps they won't call me that anymore.
Damien,Scene Description,Skeeter's bar; people are having drinks. Chef is at the bar talking to someone. Jesus throws open the doors and enters
Damien,Jesus,"Ahm-hm-hm! Excuse me, I just talked to the bookie at the sports betting bar-"
Damien,Chef,Oh ooh.
Damien,Scene Description,A woman at a nearby table whistles the same thing.
Damien,Jesus,I have been forsaken! It seems that several bets were changed to Satan this morning.
Damien,Scene Description,Two men at the bar look at each other.
Damien,Jesus,"In fact, it seems that only one person in this entire town is still betting on me!"
Damien,Father Maxi,"You should all be ashamed of yourselves, betting against your Lord and Savior! I am disgusted!"
Damien,Jesus,Your bet was changed as well. You forsaked me too!
Damien,Father Maxi,"Oho... Right, well... He does have a couple of hundred pounds on you, Jesus."
Damien,Jesus,I implore you all: don't bet on the Dark One. It is a bet that you will never win.
Damien,Father Maxi,"Jesus, I am sorry I have sinned against you. I'm gonna march right over to that bookie and change my bet right now!"
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, ye- yeah, yeah, me too, me too."
Damien,Jimbo,Yeah.
Damien,Father Maxi,Praise the Lo-hohohord! Thank you sweet Jesus for showing us the light! See ya later.
Damien,Scene Description,Jesus turns and walks out.
Damien,Father Maxi,"What the hell, does he think we're all crazy?"
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, crazy."
Damien,Scene Description,Bill Allen and Fosse McDonald's fathers chortle behind him.
Damien,Mr. Allen,He's so gay.
Damien,Mr. McDonald,Yeah.
Damien,Scene Description,"The two men seen earlier toast the comments, and Jesus looks in once more."
Damien,Jesus,You're all a bunch of Judases!
Damien,Scene Description,"Outside the bar. Jesus runs into Stan, Kyle, and Kenny"
Damien,Stan,"Hey, Jesus."
Damien,Jesus,"What are you doing out so late, kids?"
Damien,Kyle,We have to find Red and Green Mega Man for Cartman's birthday party.
Damien,Jesus,"Oh. Kids, you believe I can beat Satan, right?"
Damien,Stan,"Sh-sure, dude, you're the Son of God."
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah. You aren't having any doubts, are you?"
Damien,Jesus,"No, uh-no, no. But could ya help me train a little?"
Damien,Scene Description,"Satan's press conference. At least three television stations (4, 11, and 38) have crews present."
Damien,Reporter 1,"Satan, what do expect the outcome of the fight to be?"
Damien,Satan,I will crush him like a little bug!
Damien,Reporter 2,"Satan, what about the rumors of your involvement in the Gulf War?"
Damien,Scene Description,"Satan thinks a moment, then begins to answer, but a hand covers his mouth."
Damien,Don King,"Let's focus on the fight, can we please? I'm so sick of people talkin' smack about my fighters, all this 'He's mean. He's a dirty fighter. He's the cause for all the violence and death in the world.' It's just getting old. Let's just let everything be decided in the ring."
Damien,Scene Description,A training room. Jesus is working on a punching bag while Stan and Kyle look on. Cartman enters.
Damien,Cartman,"You guys, shouldn't you be out shopping for my birthday presents?"
Damien,Stan,"Here Jesus, drink these raw eggs."
Damien,Jesus,"No way, dude!"
Damien,Chef,[In the ring.] Ah-ah-ah I can't. I can't hit Jesus Christ. My mother would never speak to me again.
Damien,Stan,"But you're his sparring partner, Chef."
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah, you have to hit him."
Damien,Jesus,"Satan must be defeated, Chef! Please help me to train."
Damien,Chef,Okay. But I'm just gonna tap you. Alright?
Damien,Jesus,Give it your best sho- [Poof.] Oh! [Falls back to the floor.]
Damien,Chef,Oh! God in Heaven! What have I done?!
Damien,Jesus,Anybody get the number of that truck? [Drops his head.]
Damien,Scene Description,"Cartman's birthday party; several balloons are tethered to the banner. Carnival music plays. Two elephants are present, as is the Ferris wheel, all in the backyard."
Damien,Liane,"Come on, kiddies. Eat more."
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman is greeting children as they come in with his presents.
Damien,Cartman,"Welcome, Clyde. Please put your present on the table to your left. Welcome, Bebe, presents go to your left. Welcome, Chef."
Damien,Chef,"Yup! Here's your present, children."
Damien,Scene Description,Hands Cartman his gift.
Damien,Chef,"Well, uh, nice party. Uh, see ya later."
Damien,Kyle,"Hey, you just got here, Chef!"
Damien,Chef,"I know, but the fight is starting."
Damien,Stan,"Dude, check it out. Cartman's mom made chili."
Damien,Scene Description,"Liane turns to see what Stan said, and sees Chef."
Damien,Liane,Mmmmm.
Damien,Chef,Mmmmm. That's my favorite kind of chili.
Damien,Scene Description,"On the sidewalk in front of Cartman's house, Damien and Pip sit."
Damien,Damien,I guess all the kids are at that fat boy's party.
Damien,Pip,"Yes. It's always such a huge event. Sometimes, I like to sneak up to the fence and close my eyes, and pretend I'm there."
Damien,Damien,The other kids have always hated you?
Damien,Pip,"Oh yes. Actually I think they make fun of the fat boy a lot too,... but now I think they like him because he picks on me."
Damien,Scene Description,Damien gets an idea.
Damien,Scene Description,South Park Forum.
Damien,Michael Buffer,"In the blue corner, wearing white trunks, weighing in at a mere 140 lbs., Jesus, El Saviooor-rrrrrrrrrr, Christ!"
Damien,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
Damien,Michael Buffer,"And in the very very blllack corner, wearing very very blllack trunks, the king of all that is evilll, Beeeeeelzebub!"
Damien,Scene Description,"The crowd now cheers for Satan. Jesus turns and glowers at them, and they shrink away."
Damien,Michael Buffer,"Ladies and gentlemen, Lllllet's get ready to rumbllllle!!"
Damien,Referee,"Okay, I want a good clean fight guys. No punches below the belt, holding, or miracles."
Damien,Scene Description,The bell rings.
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman's birthday party. A carny does tricks. Damien enters with Pip in tow.
Damien,Cartman,Hey! What the hell do you think you're doing here?
Damien,Stan,"Yeah, you weren't invited, new kid."
Damien,Kyle,"And neither were you, Pip!"
Damien,Pip,"Yes. I tried to tell Damien that we weren't invited, but-"
Damien,Damien,Wait a minute! Give me a chance. I want to do something special for your party.
Damien,Scene Description,His eyes flare up again.
Damien,Ominous voice,Rectus... dominus...
Damien,Scene Description,Damien taps Pip on the shoulder and the ground opens up.
Damien,Scene Description,Small demons grab Pip.
Damien,Ominous voice,... Sancti... cheesy poofs...
Damien,Pip,Aaaa!
Damien,Scene Description,He is launched like a rocket.
Damien,Pip,Aye Aye Aye Ayeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Damien,Scene Description,He gives off fireworks.
Damien,Kyle,Wow!
Damien,Stan,"Whoa, that was cool!"
Damien,Scene Description,"The children, Bebe, Wendy, and Clyde among them, look up and are duly impressed. They applaud."
Damien,Kyle,"Hey, you're not such a bad guy after all, Damien."
Damien,Cartman,Yeah. Come on in and join the party. [Damien is pleased]
Damien,Scene Description,"South Park Forum, round 2. Satan and Jesus meet up. Satan gives Jesus a hard left, throwing him against the ropes. The crowd cheers. Jesus looks back, and they are silent. Jesus turns to fight, but receives a blow in the abdomen, again stumbling to the ropes. Satan gives him a left cross. Satan stands back, and Jesus' halo now flutters all over the place."
Damien,Satan,"Come on, you little wuss, fight! Throw a punch!"
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman's birthday party. He is now opening his presents.
Damien,Cartman,"Oooh I wonder what Stan got me for my birthday present? Oh look, a Blue Mega Maaan. Thank you, Stan, you may now eat pie and cake and ice cream now. [Stan leaves.] And what did Wendy get me? Oooh it's the Yellow Mega Maaan. Help yourself to pie and cake and ice cream, Wendy.[She leaves.] Oh, look what Kyle got me? It's the Red Mega-... Ants In The Pants? Ants In The Pan- ANTS IN THE PANTS?! [Thumps the table in anger.]"
Damien,Kyle,"It's a game, dude. It's really fun."
Damien,Cartman,You son of a bitch! [Lunges towards Kyle.]
Damien,Kyle,[As he is pinned by Cartman.] Aaaaa!
Damien,Cartman,"You were supposed to get me the red Mega Man, eh! Now I can't make the Ultra Mega Mega Man, you dirty cheap-ass piece of crap! [Slapping him around by now.]"
Damien,Kyle,They were all out of 'em dude!
Damien,Cartman,I hate you! I want you to die! Die!!
Damien,Cartman,Aah! Aaaaaggghhhhh!!
Damien,Kyle,[Sobbing.] Aaaaaaaa!
Damien,Scene Description,Cartman gets up and moves toward the center of the yard.
Damien,Cartman,That's it! Party is over!
Damien,Scene Description,The kids look glum.
Damien,Cartman,Everybody go home!
Damien,Scene Description,"He turns the party switch off. Music slows to a stop, everything goes dark, and the banner floats away."
Damien,Cartman,"Get the hell out, I said! The party's over! Get out goddammt!!"
Damien,Scene Description,The kids exit the backyard as Cartman announces that the party is over.
Damien,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle stop.
Damien,Stan,"Whoa, dude, you need to mellow out!"
Damien,Cartman,Take your stupid Ants In The Pants with you!
Damien,Scene Description,"Throws it at Kyle, who is felled by it. The kids regroup in front of the house."
Damien,Damien,Wow. That kid has some emotional problems.
Damien,Stan,"[swings his left arm] Aaanh, he does this all the time."
Damien,Chef,"Come on, children! We can still catch the end of the fight!"
Damien,Scene Description,Pip descends from above.
Damien,Pip,"Ooooooooooooooooooooooo uf! Ohoho, what a splendid par-ty."
Damien,Scene Description,"South Park Forum, a later round. Satan gives Jesus a fierce left, launching him into the air and against the ropes again. Jesus comes forward, and Satan gives him a right to the face."
Damien,Jesus,Oh!
Damien,Scene Description,Backs up helplessly.
Damien,Satan,"Fight, dammit!"
Damien,Scene Description,Gives him another right to the face.
Damien,Jesus,Oow! [Satan pick him up] Ooooooh!
Damien,Scene Description,"Satan throws him against the rope, then gives him another right to the face. Jesus now has a swollen left eye."
Damien,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, and Kenny approach Jesus' corner."
Damien,Stan,"Dude, Jesus is getting his butt kicked! [The round ends.] You've got to fight, Jesus."
Damien,Jesus,"Why? What's the point? Nobody believes in me. Everyone put their money on Satan. My Father forsaked me, the town forsaked me... I'm completely forsook."
Damien,Kyle,"Somebody bet on you, Jesus. You said yourself that one person still had money on you."
Damien,Jesus,It doesn't matter. He's way too strong for me anyway-I give up.
Damien,Stan,"Goddammit Jesus, snap out of it! What would Nancy Kerrigan do, huh? Nancy Kerrigan wouldn't give up. When things were looking their darkest, Nancy Kerrigan fought to be the best. [Kyle looks at him.] She wouldn't stop until she was Number One!"
Damien,Kyle,Uuuuh. Stan?
Damien,Stan,Nancy Kerrigan wouldn't settle for second-best!
Damien,Kyle,Stan.
Damien,Stan,She wouldn't quit until she brought home the gold!
Damien,Kyle,Stan!
Damien,Stan,[Turning to Kyle.] What?
Damien,Kyle,"Nancy Kerrigan got the silver, dude. She came in second."
Damien,Stan,[Thinks a moment.] ... Really?
Damien,Kyle,"Yeah, dude!"
Damien,Stan,"Hoh, never mind, Jesus. Nancy Kerrigan sucks."
Damien,Scene Description,Jesus takes a ladleful of water from a pail next to him.
Damien,Stan,"You know, somebody once said. 'Don't try to be a great man, just be a man'."
Damien,Jesus,... Who said that?
Damien,Stan,"You did, Jesus."
Damien,Scene Description,Jesus ponders these words as he looks at Satan.
Damien,Jesus,"You're right, Stan. Thank you, boys!"
Damien,Scene Description,He gets up as the next round begins and fights without his halo.
Damien,Kyle,Wow. Did he say that in the Bible?
Damien,Stan,"Nah, I saw it on Star Trek."
Damien,Kyle,Hmmm.
Damien,Scene Description,"Satan takes a couple of swings at Jesus, but Jesus ducks them."
Damien,Satan,"Come on, sissy. Hit me! Hit me!"
Damien,Jesus,"Okay, pal. You asked for it!"
Damien,Scene Description,"The crowd looks on as Jesus prepares to punch Satan. Jesus delivers the blow, but nothing happens. The sound of escaping air is heard. Stan just buries his head in his hands in disbelief."
Damien,Scene Description,Satan protecting his ribs.
Damien,Satan,"Ooooooh, you got me."
Damien,Scene Description,He drops flat on his back.
Damien,Referee,One... Two... Three...
Damien,Jimbo,No way! He barely touched him!
Damien,Referee,... Seven... Eight.
Damien,Scene Description,"Satan opens his left eye, then closes it again."
Damien,Referee,... Nine... Ten. You're out!
Damien,Scene Description,"The match ends, and Jesus jumps up in victory."
Damien,"Stan, Kyle",Our Savior!
Damien,Michael Buffer,"The winner by knockout and still undisputed ruler of your spiritual kingdommmm, Jesus, El Saviooor-rrrrrrrrrr, Christ!"
Damien,Scene Description,Satan pops right back up.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, he isn't hurt. He took a dive, he threw the fight!"
Damien,Jimbo,Yeah!
Damien,Satan,Fools! You are all fools! Of course I took a dive. Don't you see? Who do you think was the one person that bet on Jesus to win?
Damien,Scene Description,The crowd wonders.
Damien,Satan,"Me, you idiots! And now I will take all your hard-earned money, and return to Hell a much richer Prince of Darkness, and buy some realty. HA HA HA HA HAA!"
Damien,Scene Description,Satan dances out of the ring.
Damien,Father Maxi,I don't believe this!
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, what a mean thing to do!"
Damien,Satan,"[Now on the Forum floor.] Farewell, fools!"
Damien,Jimbo,"Man, that guy is a jerk."
Damien,Scene Description,Satan dances away and Stan enters the ring.
Damien,Stan,[Over the microphone.] Jesus told you guys not to bet on Satan.
Damien,Mr. Garrison,"Boy, did we get screwed."
Damien,Chef,"Jesus, we're sorry. Can you ever forgive us?"
Damien,Jesus,Aw heck. [Puts his halo back on.] Do I have a choice?
Damien,Scene Description,The crowd cheers with relief.
Damien,Jimbo,"Well, Jesus, I definitely learned my lesson. Neeever bet on evil, 'cause when you d- Ned! Look, there's a rare duck-billed platypus!"
Damien,Scene Description,Kenny is highlighted.
Damien,Jimbo,Ih-it's comin' right for us!
Damien,Scene Description,Jimbo pulls out a semi-automatic and fires away at Kenny. Kenny is soon on the floor with his head blown off.
Damien,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny."
Damien,Kyle,You bastard!
Damien,Damien,"Well, goodbye, guys. It was nice getting to know you."
Damien,Scene Description,Rats swarm all over Kenny's head.
Damien,Stan,You're leaving already?
Damien,Damien,I have to. My dad's always on the move.
Damien,Scene Description,The rats leave also.
Damien,Stan,Wow. I feel kinda bad for that kid.
Damien,Kyle,Yeah. Just when he was being accepted he has to leave and start over.
Damien,Stan,Parents can be so cruel. Don't they realize that what a child needs more than anything is security?
Damien,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard. He's the only one at the picnic table, and it's still full of food. Cartman looks full, though."
Damien,Liane,"More pie, hon?"
Damien,Cartman,Eh... n-yeh. No... more... pie... eheh... seriously.
Tom's Rhinoplasty,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the classroom."
Tom's Rhinoplasty,Wendy,"Stan, you know it's almost Valentine's Day."
Tom's Rhinoplasty,Stan,I know.
Tom's Rhinoplasty,Wendy,Maybe we should go on a cruise or something.
Tom's Rhinoplasty,Scene Description,Some sentimental music plays.
