Here Comes the Neighborhood,Chef,"Shovel that snow, babih, it's all nice, heavy and wet. Just- [he hears voices and spins around. A group of rich folk are marching in protest]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaire protesters,We shall perservere. We shall perservere.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Oprah Winfrey,"You there, come march with us!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Chef,For what?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Oprah Winfrey,All the poor people in town think they can persecute and harass us decent rich folk.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,So we're uniting and marching on the town square!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kobe Bryant,[raises his fist a la Black Power] The Million Millionaire March!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaire protesters,Yeah!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Oprah Winfrey,"Come on, brother! [the protesters resume the march]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Chef,But... I'm not rich.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,[stops and looks at Chef] What? [the others stop]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Chef,I'm just a school cafeteria chef. Ahah I don't make much money.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,We'll give you a hundred dollars.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Chef,"Woo, fudge the snow now. [tosses the shovel away and joins the march]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaire protesters,We shall perservere. We shall perservere.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Chef,[with the others] I shall perservere. We shall perservere.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"The lions' lair at the zoo, later. Token takes a raw steak and bites into it, growling"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,RRrrr!! [rips a piece of steak off with his teeth and chews on it]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Milly Larsen,"[rushes up to the lair cage] Look at the little black lion, Mommy. [her mother passes by with her little sister in a stroller]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mrs. Larsen,"He's cute, isn't he? [the girl rejoins her mom and walks away. Two lions growl at each other and stand up, then leap down off their rock and stand next to Token. He move his steak out of their reach]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,Roar! [the lions step back and look at each other]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Lion 1,"What are you doing here, boy?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"You- you talked. I, I understood you. I must be becoming a lion!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Lion 2,You're not becoming a lion. The only way you can do that is to see Aslan.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,Who's Aslan?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Lion 1,"Very well, walk this way. [they walk off, and Token gets on all fours to follow them. They go through a low entrance into a white cave in the middle of which sits a great lion - Aslan]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,[regal voice] Is this the boy who's been living in our realm?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Lion 2,Yes. [two other lions come in and watch]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,Are... you... Aslan?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,M-I am.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"[rises] Well, I'm Token"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,"So, you want to live with the lions, do you?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,Yes. Um. Great Aslan. I don't fit in anywhere else.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,And what makes you think you can fit it with us?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"Well, I don't know."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,Do you like jokes?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,What?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,"Jokes! You know, funny, hahaaa. Us lions love jokes."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,...I like jokes a lot.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,"Mmm. Then there may be hoipe in you yet, young apprentice lion. Very well. We wihill let you stay, if... you can pull this thorn from my paw. [holds up his left paw. Token looks at it, and Aslan moves it closer to him] Go on, try it. Pull my thorn! Come on! Pull my thorm! [Token approaches it and pulls the thron out. Aslan farts and the two escort lions snicker softly] Ho ho ho ho ho ho! Ho ho! [the other lions burst out laughing]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,So can I stay?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,He-you may. But being a lion may be harder than you think.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"The local bar, later. The bar patrons watch a TV as a report is heard. Seen are Mr. Garrison, Randy, Stuart, Skeeter, Gerald, Jimbo, and Ned."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Reporter,"[not seen yet] A billion billionaires are gathering their ranks and will be marchng on the town square tonight [now seen on TV] in South Park to petition the end of separate bars, bus seating and restaurants. It looks like it will be a great turnout, as some of the millionaires also paid several thousand Mexicans to march for them. [a marcher carrying a rake and shover hears this and turns around]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Skeeter,"If they get that petition passed, it's all over."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Jimbo,I guess we learned our lesson: you can't fight rich folk; they're just too powerful.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mr. Garrison,"Now, come on! Is that any way to talk?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Skeeter,"They won, Garrison. They can't be scared out of town."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mr. Garrison,No! We just haven't scared them the right way! Think about it. What scares rich people more than anything? [the other men think about this for a second]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Jimbo,...Ghosts?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mr. Garrison,Bingo! Rich people don't want to live in South Park if they think it's HAUNTED!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Men,Yeah!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mr. Garrison,"Everyonen get some sheets from home! If we can't chase the richers out, we'll spook 'em out!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Men,Alright! Yeah! Let's Go! Right!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"The zoo, lion's lair, night. The lions have eaten and lay about on the boulders. One by one, they belch and the others laugh. Token sets his bowl down..."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,Huuuunh [...and walks over to Aslan] Aslan.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,"Yes? What is it, young lion apprentice?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,...I thnk I'm gonna go home now.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,Home. But I thought your friends made fun of you at home.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"They do. But, I guess I learned something today. You see, even though kids at South Park make fun of me, I still like hanging around them more than snobby rich kids or, lions. Even though I may be different from them, I still like my old friends best."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,"It sounds like you learned much, young lion apprentice. Very well. But before you go, perhaps you would like... a stick of gum?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,[recalling that lions love jokes] ...No thanks.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,Go on. It's spearmint!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"No, because there's a spring in there, and if I pull the gum out, it's gonna hurt my finger."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,"Oh. So you don't want any gum then? Are you... sure? Go on, try it!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"[pulls the stick out of the pack, and a small spring-loaded bar hits his thumb] Ow. [half-heartedly]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Aslan,[leads the other lions in a bout of hysterics] That is good stuhuff! [continues laughing with the other lions]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"[under his breath, as he leaves the lair] Jesus, lions suck!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"South Park town square, night, in front of the Mayor's office. The billionaires are present, and Will Smith is at the podium"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,"And so it is with great determination that us decent rich Americans have gathered to say: ""We will be separated no more!"""
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaires,Hooray!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mayor McDaniels,"This certainly has been an enlightening evening. And as Mayor, I accept your petition and will abolish all separation laws."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaires,Yeah!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mayor McDaniels,And I want to assure the nation that is watching that South Park is not a town of prejudice or bigotry.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Voices,"Woooooo!! [""ghosts"" appear from behind the various town buildings and rush towards the millioaire crowd. They surround the crowd, still makign ghost noises. The millionaires are startled]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Oprah Winfrey,What the-?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mayor McDaniels,"[shuts her eyes] God no. [Will Smith moves around not knowing what to do. A ""ghost"" spooks him]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,"AAAaaahhh! [the ""ghosts"" begin to disperse the millionaires]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaire 1,"Carl, do you see what I see?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Carl,"Yes, Martin. I do believe this town is hainted. [two ""ghosts"" come up and startle Martin and Carl. Nearby, Will Smith's kids stand in a huddle, scared]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,Kids! Go find the limo and get in! [the kids hurry off.]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Snoop Dogg,[walks up to Smith] You didn't tell me this town was hainted!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Will Smith,"I didn't know! [grabs Snoop and shakes him] I.. DIDN'T... KNOHOHOHOW... [both men turn and flee as several ""ghosts"" move in on them. The ""ghosts"" take their sheets off: it's Skeeter, Mr. Garrison, Gerald, and Randy]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Skeeter,It's working!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Gerald,They're scared to death!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"A mansion, the same one Mr. Garrison and the men saw earlier as they commented on the new richers moving in, night. The family rushes towrads the front door"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Millionaire,"Pack up your things quickly! We've got to get out of here! [some ""ghosts"" pop out from the bushes and drive the family away with their haunting noises.]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"The town, night. ""Ghosts"" continue to chase the millionaires around. In the background, Stan leads a group of boys down the street. With him are Kyle, Cartman, Butters, Pip, Tweek, Clyde, and Craig"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Oh hey, there's Token. [Token approaches them from the opposite direction]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,Hey guys.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Dude, we're gonna play football. Do you wanna play?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"You mean, you want me around?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Sure, dude, you're our friend."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"Yeah, I know. But you guys always rip on me for bein' rich."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Dude, just because we rip on you for being rich doesn't mean we don't like you."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,"Yeah. We're guys, dude. We find something about all our friends to rip on. We made fun of you for being rich just like we make fun of Butters for being wimpy."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Butters,They sure do.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Yeah, like we rip on Kyle for being a Jew."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,Right.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"That's right, huh?"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,And Stan for being in love with Wendy.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Yeah, I get it for that."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,And Cartman for being fat.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Cartman,Uh huh.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,And Cartman for being stupid.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Cartman,Yeah.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,And Cartman for having a whore for a mom.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Cartman,Hey.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,And Cartman for being a sadistic asshole
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Cartman,"Ey, you did me already!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,"You're right, guys. From now on, I'm fine with being made fun of for being rich."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"Oh, but we're not gonna rip on you for being rich anymore."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,You're not?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,"No dude. Because since you got your feelings so hurt for being ripped on, now we think you're a pussy."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Stan,"[walks past Token] Yeah, so now you're a pussy. Pussaholic."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Kyle,"[walks past Token, behind Stan] Come on, Nurse Token. We're gonna play football, you puss."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Cartman,"[walks past Token, behind Kyle] Pussy. [Pip walks by without saying anything]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Butters,"[walks past Token, behind Pip] Heh yeah, later, puss."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Craig,"[walks past Token, behind Butters] Ha, that guy's a pussy. [drags a sled behnd him. On the sled is Kenny, dead and badly beat up, with his right eye hanging out of its socket. Tweek and Clyde bring up the rear, and Token looks as they leave him behind]"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Token,[turns to face the other boys] Wait! I liked being ripped on for being rich better! [walks behind the other boys]
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Scene Description,"The rich enclave, later. The men of South Park have succeeded in chasing the rich folks out of town, and they gather in front of a mansion. They take off their sheets"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Skeeter,That was it. We just saw the last of them speeding away in a van!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Men,Alright!
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Gerald,"They were so scared, I'm sure they'll never be back!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mr. Garrison,"That's great! And now we can sell all their homes, and become... millionaires!"
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Men,[confused] What?
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Jimbo,"But then you had us do all that for nothin'. Don't you see: If you get rich sellin' these homes, then there will still be rich people in South Park."
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Randy,Yeah. You'd become what you hate.
Here Comes the Neighborhood,Mr. Garrison,"Well yeah, but at least I got rid of all those damn ni-"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Unplanned Parenthood, day. It has undergone renovation, so it looks softer. It's snowing outside"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Inside, operating room. A woman is waiting on a hospital bed. She's quite pregnant. A doctor enters the room with a cart housing everything he needs for his work, and approaches the bed"
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"Alright, Ms. Sanders, all ready for your abortion? [picks up her chart and reads as canned laughter is heard]"
Kenny Dies,Ms. Sanders,"Ready as I'm ever going to be, I guess. [the laughter quiets down a bit, but still rolls]"
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"Well, try to relax; It will all be over very soon. [more laughter]"
Kenny Dies,Ms. Sanders,"Docter, can we turn off that television? [switch to a wide shot of the room, and the television is seen. On screen is a comedy skit featuring Benny Hill and an elderly man. That's where the laughter comes from]"
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"[looks up first] Oh yes, I 'm sorry. [moves to turn off the set and a close-up of the skit is shown: Benny Hill, dressed as a constable, raps the old man on the head and then shoos him along. The set is turned off, and the doctor returns to the woman's bed.] Now, there is one more thing."
Kenny Dies,Ms. Sanders,What?
Kenny Dies,Doctor,Have you heard of stem-cell research?
Kenny Dies,Ms. Sanders,"Uh-I've heard of it on the news, but... I don't know what it is."
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"Well basically, a lot of amazing studies have shown that stem cells might be used to fight cancer and a myriad of other diseases. Right now, a lot of stem cells come from the tissue of aborted fetuses- [taps the woman's leg] ah- I'm sorry, unwanted children. And if you sign a release, that tissue can go to studies."
Kenny Dies,Ms. Sanders,"Oh well, I suppose, if it can help others."
Kenny Dies,Doctor,The hope is that someday it might. [hands her the release form and she signs it]
Kenny Dies,Ms. Sanders,Well okay. [hands the form back to him]
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"Great. [puts the form inside the cart] Well, here we go. [puts on his gloves]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,Hallway outside operating room. A vacuuming sound is heard for a few moments before a janitor passes by with a vacuum cleaner. The OR door opens and the doctor steps out with a small container
Kenny Dies,Doctor,Nurse? [a nurse arrives] This is to go to Alder's Labs for stem-cell research.
Kenny Dies,Nurse,"Yes, Doctor."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"The nurse takes the container and goes to the room next door. She types in a keypad combination and a song starts up: Willie Nelson's ""On The Road Again."" She pours the contents of the container into a bio-hazard bag and places the back into a secure box. Outside, an Alder's Research Group truck backs up to the loading dock on the outside of Planned Parenthood. Clinic personnel gather the boxes and place them inside the truck's trailer. Once the last box is in they close the trailer and the truck rolls away."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"The highway, moments later. The truck rolls along to ""On The Road Again."" and the driver joins in the singing"
Kenny Dies,Truck driver,"...going places that I've never beenSeeing things that I may never see a- Uuugh! [a deer leaps into the read ahead of him and looks at him] Jesus Christ!! [swerves to avoid the deer and goes over a cliff, tumbling down its side. It lands somewhere below with its contents spilled all over the place. The driver is killed on impact, but the song continues to play...]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"The highway, moments later. A Big Wheel rounds a corner..."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,[rides along] My baby takes the morning train and she takes another home again. Hmm. [sees the trashed truck and its contents] What do we have heah? [strokes his chin]
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"A cow pasture, later. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny sit among the cows burning cow dung. Kenny holds the match and lighter. The cows around them are grazing"
Kenny Dies,Stan,Well that burned a long time.
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Yeah, that was pretty good. [a cow near them drops five pellets and walks off]"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"[all three rush to the new dung] Oh dude, there goes one."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[to Kenny] 'K go! [Kenny strikes a match and lights the dung, which yields a nice fire]"
Kenny Dies,"Stan, Kyle",Alright!
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(That's awesome) [coughs heavily]
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"You've had that cough a while, Kenny. You okay?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(All right. I'm fine.)
Kenny Dies,Butters,"[rushing up to them] Hehehey, fellas! Ah, hey fellas!"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"What, Butters?"
Kenny Dies,Butters,Eric says you gotta come to his house right away.
Kenny Dies,Stan,Tell him we're busy.
Kenny Dies,Butters,"Oh, ah, well, he knew you'd say that, so, he told me to tell you that you don't wanna miss this."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"What, did he lose a hundred pounds? [the boys laugh]"
Kenny Dies,Butters,"Yeah, he ah knew you'd say that, too, so he said t'say, uh, up your ass, Jew. [the boys stop laughing and look at him] Yeah."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Alright, let's go see what he wants. [the boys turn right and leave. Butters stays behind and looks at the melted turds. He approaches, squats, and sticks his finger in it]"
Kenny Dies,Butters,"Oh, it's all sticky. [wipes his finger off on his coat, leaving a streak of turd on it]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, minutes later. The three other boys approach him in the living room. Cartman can barely contain his glee."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Alright, Cartman! What's so important you had to pull us away from lighting cow crap on fire?!"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh you guys, you're not gonna believe it!"
Kenny Dies,Stan,What?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Guess what I have sitting in my back yard?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,A trampoline?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Better.
Kenny Dies,Stan,A boat?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Better.
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(A football machine?)
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Better.
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Well WHAT, Cartman?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Thirty-three aborted fetuses. [the boys look back at him for a long time] Oh yes.
Kenny Dies,Kyle,...What? [closes his eyes in disbelief]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Mint condition, tax free."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing with aborted fetuses?!"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,I'm leaving right now! [turns and heads for the door]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, I guess you don't watch the news, Kyle!"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[turns around] You've never watched the news, fatass! [rejoins Stan and Kenny] And what the hell does that have to do with anything?!"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Stem cells, numbnuts!"
Kenny Dies,Stan,Stem cells?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Oh, and what do you know about stem cells?!"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(What the fuck are stem cells?)
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"They're cells that come from fetuses, and some research show that they could be used to treat diseases."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[points at Kyle] It's been proven, Jew! I saw it on 3-2-1 Contact. With all the research that's going on, stem cells are worth three times their weight in gold. What I have in my back yard is an aborted treasure chest."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,...I hate you so much. [turns around and heads back for the door again. The others turn and follow. Kenny coughs again.]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Fine! I don't need you assholes! I can sell these fetuses all on my own!
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. He's up in his room placing cold calls to business he finds in the Yellow Pages."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Hello. Is this the University of Colorado Biology Department? ...Great, uh I understand you're currently doing research on stem cells? Kewl, because I'm currently in possession of some aborted fetuses that I'm looking to unload? ...Uh, how much do you pay? ...No, no, come on, ah I got a guy who's gonna give me eighty dollars a pound right now. ...How about a hundred? ...Oh you're breaking my balls- I, I'll think about it. [later] Bosnod Medical Group? ...Yeah, I called earlier about the stem cells and the fetuses? ...Okay, hi Randy, yeah. ...Oh yes, they've been kept in a cool temperature, yeah. ...These are primo fetuses, Randy, I wouldn't jerk you around. ...So what can your company give me for 'em? ...Oh Randy, you're breaking my balls here. ...You're breaking my balls, Randy. [later] Oh plehease! Okay, you tell me where you can get aborted fetuses for seventy cents on the dollar? You tell me, Chuck? ...Yeah, I didn't think so-You know, I'm just like the fetuses, Chuck. I wasn't born yesterday, either. Uh huh. ...So are you gonna talk to me, or are we just gonna keep bullshitting each other? Breakin' my balls, Chuck. [later] I gotta unload these fetuses, you wanna do some research. Are we talkin' here or what? You're breaking my balls. ...I'm telling you, if you let this deal pass you by, you're making a fetal mistake. [suddenly grins and covers the receiver with his right hand] That's a joke [removes his hand from the receiver] ...A hundred ten. ...Alright, alright, we got a deal. ...Good bye. [hangs up and relaxes, putting his feet up on his desk and his hands behind his head] Damn I'm good."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Alder Research Group, some days later. Cartman enters, hauling the thirty-three aborted fetuses behind him in a wagon. Workers around the lab move stuff around"
Kenny Dies,Receptionist,Can I help you?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Yes, I'm making a delivery of these fetuses hyah?"
Kenny Dies,Receptionist,"Oh, right, the fetuses. We were very lucky you called. Our last shipment of fetuses was lost in a truck accident."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[rips out a bill...] Gee, that's terrible. So, uh who do I talk to about payment?"
Kenny Dies,Researcher,"[in the background, walking by] This is awful, just awful!"
Kenny Dies,Receptionist,Oh Larry! This young man has some new fetuses for research.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[picks up and carries a box] You're gonna love these fetuses, Larry. They're top notch."
Kenny Dies,Larry,"[the researcher] Oh well, I'm sorry, but we can't buy those from you now."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"...What?! We made a deal, Larry! I brought them all the way down here already!"
Kenny Dies,Larry,I'm afraid the government has just put a ban on stem-cell research.
Kenny Dies,Receptionist,A ban? Why?
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Too many people were upset about using aborted fetal tissue for a study. It's too bad, too. We really coulda helped a lot of people."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[Cartman's mouth opens in disbelief, then he gets angry] Ay! What the hell am I supposed to do with these things, huh?! Goddammit! [throws the box down on the floor, breaking it and spilling its contents. Now there are thirty-two aborted fetuses]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. The kids are filling their seats. Stan and Kyle enter the classroom"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Dude, it looks like Cartman and Kenny are ditching school again."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[he and Stan take their seats] Yeah, they're gonna get busted again."
Kenny Dies,Ms. Choksondik,"[enters carrying a few books] Alright, class, let's take our seats. [sets the book down on her desk and turns to the class] Now, uh, before we get started, Stan and Kyle? Uh, the principal needs to see you in her office."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"The principal? Aw, come on!"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"We don't know where Cartman is, Ms. Choksondik!"
Kenny Dies,Ms. Choksondik,"She needs to see you now! [points to the door. Stan and Kyle leave their seats, Kyle leading Stan]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Aw man, here we go again! Use the Jew as a scapegoat."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Principal Victoria's office, moments later. Stan and Kyle enter expecting the usual lecture, but are surprised to see their parents on either side of Principal Victoria and Mr. Mackey"
Kenny Dies,Principal Victoria,"Hello, boys."
Kenny Dies,Stan,Wait. What's going on here? [he and Kyle back up a bit. Their parents join them]
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Alright, we don't know for sure why Cartman is ditching school, but it has something to do with abortion. That's all we know."
Kenny Dies,Mr. Mackey,"[Chef has joined the principal and Mr. Mackey] You didn't do anything wrong boys. We just need to talk to you. Have a seat. [the boys each take a chair and sit down] Boys, uh... your little friend Kenny went to the hospital last night, m'kay. [the boys look stunned] And well, he's pretty sick. [Sharon leans on Randy]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,Kenny's sick?
Kenny Dies,Stan,Well how sick?
Kenny Dies,Chef,"Children, Kenny has been diagnosed with a... terminal disease."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"[after a pause] ...but... the doctors are gonna make him better, right?"
Kenny Dies,Sharon,Oh dear. [buries her face in Randy's shoulder]
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Mom? That's what hospitals are for. They, they can make him better."
Kenny Dies,Sharon,Randy...
Kenny Dies,Randy,"They don't think so, Stanley. Your... your friend is terminally ill, and that means.. Well son,... th- that means he's going to be going to heaven soon."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,Wait. Kenny's going to die?
Kenny Dies,Gerald,"...He might, Kyle."
Kenny Dies,Stan,[tearing up] ...But... he's our... fu... fufu- friend.
Kenny Dies,Mr. Mackey,"We know, and that's why he's going to need you boys to be strong for him, m'kay? He needs you now more than ever."
Kenny Dies,Stan,No! This can't happen! Kenny can't die! Kenny can't die!! [buries his face in Randy's arm and begins sobbing]
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Cartman's hosue, day. He's upstairs in his room placing cold calls anew."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Come on, Jack, you gotta be able to offer me more than that. ...Yes, I realize there's a ban on stem-cell research, but I've got thirty-some-odd human fetuses in my backyard! I'm sure there's other research your company can do with them. ...You'll take one? Okay, how much for one? ...Aw, Jack, you're breaking my balls here, Jack.:[later. There are now thirty-one] Yes, hello, is this Captain Bly's Seafood Restaurant? ...Yeah, hi, I've got a shipment of about thrity-one of the most succulent shrimp from the West Indies. ...These are killer shrimp, Gary, your customers are gonna love 'em. ...What kind of price you payin' for shrimp? ...Oh, Gary, you're breakin' my balls, Gary. How about ten and a quarter? ...Balls, Gary. Breakin' 'em. ...Alright, I'll call you back. [hangs up and sighs deeply]"
Kenny Dies,Liane,"[opens the door and looks in] Sweetie, your friends are downstairs. They need to see you."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Not now, Mom, I've only unloaded three feti; I've gotta sell the rest before they spoil."
Kenny Dies,Liane,They say it's an emergency.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[shifts in his chair] Buh, alright. [Liane leaves] eh, Butters?"
Kenny Dies,Butters,"[steps into view in Cartman's room] Uh, yeah?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Are you through databasing the clientele sheet?
Kenny Dies,Butters,"Eh, just about."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[leaving his chair and heading for his door] Alright, well, you gotta take over the telemarketing for a bit."
Kenny Dies,Butters,"Oh. Well, uh okay. [approached Cartman's chair and hops on]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,[turns around] Just remember what I taught you and follow protocol. Next number to try is on the list.
Kenny Dies,Butters,"Right. [picks up the phone and checks out the next number. Cartman leaves. Butters starts dialing] Uh hello? Is this Mr. Thompson with Anatomy Research? ...Yes, uh, hello sir. Uh, aah, we have a surplus of unborn fetuses that we think you can use for a ...dissection study. Uh huh, ah, how much do you pay for that? ...You're breaking my balls. ...I said, you're breaking my balls, Mr. Thompson. ...My, my balls."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Living room, moments later. Cartman reaches the foot of the stairs."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"What is this, a PTA meeting? [before him stand his mother, Sheila, Kyle, and Stan. Stan's head hangs forward as he looks down]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,Cartman. [pause] Kenny's in the hospital.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,[shock and distress flashes across his face] In the ...hospital? Why?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"They told us he has a m-muscular disease. An and, that ...and that he, he might die. [Stan raises his head and looks at Kyle]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,[more worried] Die? Kenny?
Kenny Dies,Stan,[looks up at Kyle] Don't you say that! Kenny's not gonna die!
Kenny Dies,Sheila,"I'm going to go take the boys to go see him at the hospital, Eric. We thought you might wanna come."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Yeah. Yeah, of course. Let me get my coat. [turns and goes up the stairs]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Kenny lies in a bed in a patient room with an IV unit attached"
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"[fixing an IV for Kenny] There we go, little buddy."
Kenny Dies,Kenny,"(Thank you, Doc.)"
Kenny Dies,Doctor,You sure you don't wanna take your jacket off; it's pretty warm.
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(I'm all right)
Kenny Dies,Nurse,"Hey, look who has some visitors. [walks in with Stan, Kyle, and Cartman]"
Kenny Dies,Doctor,"Hmm, what a lucky little man. We'll be right outside if you need us, Kenny. [the nurse and doctor leave the room.]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[volunteers] Hey dude, how's it going?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,"(I'm okay, I guess.)"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,We got you a present: it's a Gobo fighter.
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Heh, don't, don't tell him what it is, dude."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Heh, sorry. [Stan remains speechless. Kenny looks at his friends and coughs violently]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Hey, uh- we were all just talkin' about how when you get better, we're all gonna go down to Stark's Pond again and go camping. Huh, Stan?"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"[finds his voice] I- [looks at Kenny, then at Kyle, then at Kenny, and rushes out the door]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day, outside. Stan rushes out the front door, Kyle pursuing"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[looks around] Stan? [sees him and follows] Stan, where are you going?"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"I can't, I just can't."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Dude, he needs us right now."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"[turns around] I can't see him like that, Kyle. All those hoses and wires. He's a kid, dude. He's s'posed to be running around and laughing."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"I, I know it's tough but- [Stan turns away] Look at me! [turns him back around] I know it's tough, okay?! I know! But we have to be tough right now!"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"And what are we supposed to do, huh?! Stand in that room and keep making small talk?! Make believe like everything's okay?! I CAN'T DO IT!"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Look, however hard you think it for you, it's a lot harder for him!"
Kenny Dies,Stan,[turns around and walks away] Just leave me alone!
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Stan, you can't leave!"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"[turns once more, with tears in his eyes] I'm not the one who's leaving, he is! [turns and leaves. Kyle turns to go back to the hospital, but sighs silently]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day, Kenny's room. Cartman was left alone with Kenny as Kyle went after Stan"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[with emotion in his voice] ...You know, it's funny, Kenny. Stan and Kyle have always been sort of two best friends, you know, and... well I- I don't know if I ever told you this, Kenny, but um... I kind of always thought you were my best f-friend. I don't know."
Kenny Dies,Kenny,"(Eric, well you're my best friend, too.)"
Kenny Dies,Nurse,"[opens the door and looks in] Okay, we're gonna need to get Kenny some time to sleep now."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Don't you worry, Kenny. I I'm gonna find a cure for you. Everything's gonna be okay! [walks towards the door. The nurse leaves, then Cartman exits]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hospital corridor, Hell's Pass Hospital. Cartman appears outside the door with a long face, chokes up, and faces the wall to cry"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,[returning to Kenny's room] Cartman?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[composes himself] Oh, Kyle. Hey, what's goin' down, Jew-boy? [sniffles]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Cartman, were you... crying?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"' No! No, I mean, I, I got somethin' in my eyes. It's this uh, the air in here is just- uh. [breaks down again, but tries to hide it] Oh man."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Hey Cartman. [Cartman looks up and turns around] I care a lot about him, too. [Cartman wells up again, and Kyle reaches out to hug him]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"I'm gonna find a cure, Kyle. I swear to God I'm gonna find a cure."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[comforting him] Sure you will, Cartman. Sure you will."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Alder Research Group, next day. Inside, employees are packing away their computers and other office equipment"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"[enters with Cartman] This is where the bulk of our research was being done. But due to the government ban, we're mostly just packing things up."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Doctor, can you tell me exactly how stem cells work?"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Look, you have trillions of cells in your body: heart cells, skin cells, brain cells, and so on. But before a cell is designated as a toenail cell or a pancreas cell, it's what we call a stem cell. Sort of like a blank cell. Do you understand?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Not at all, but go on. [they both turn and approach a table. On the table is a cage with a rat inside it.]"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Because these cells are blanks, they will often program themselves based on what cells you put around them. You see this rat? Earlier this year, we surgically removed the middle of her spine. then we injected her with some stem cells and... they became the missing part of the spine."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,My God...
Kenny Dies,Larry,Nerve cells damaged by Parkinson's disease or heart tissue of cardiac patients might ultimately be replaced by tissue grown from stem cells.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"So then, could stem cells be used on someone whose muscle tissue is wasting away? In other words, if a little boy was dying from a muscular disease, the stem cells could become new muscle tissue."
Kenny Dies,Larry,That's the theory.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Well, so then, if the stem cells are placed nest to s Shakey's Pizza, they would become another Shakey's Pizza! And you'd have your own Shakey's Pizza where you didn't have to charge yourself to eat!"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Well, no. To build another Shake's it would be better to use lumber."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Hmmm.
Kenny Dies,Larry,"But, unfortunately, the government has banned stem cell research and so... we'll never know."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Looks like someone is gonna have to try and change the government's mind. [turns around and heads for the exit]
Kenny Dies,Larry,Where are you going?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"There's a pretty brave kid fighting for his life in the hospital right now, doctor. I'm gonna get him some bigger boxing gloves."
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Hey kid. [music stops, then a pause] Give 'em hell. Give 'em hell. [strikes his fists together, one over the other. Cartman returns the gesture with a thumbs-up, then walks off... then stops]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, doctor. [Larry turns around. Cartman has his thumb up] Thanks. Thanks. [Larry returns the gesture with his own thumb up, and Cartman leaves again.]"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Oh, hey kid. [Cartman returns] Good luck. Good luck. [Cartman gives a thumb up, walks away, then backs up]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, and doctor. ...Ah, never mind. [walks away]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day, Kenny's room. The McCormicks, Kyle, and Chef are present. Kyle has with him a bunch of get-well cards from the other students in his class. The bed is seen from an angle"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"...And see? Here's one from Butters. It says, ""We can't wait to see you back in school, Kenny."" And it has a picture of him and you in a little airplane! [shows him the picture: Butters and Kenny are in a little yellow biplane]"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"Oh, isn't that nice? You've got lots of friends, don't you Kenny?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(Yes.) [coughs a bit] (But what about Stan?)
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Stan? Oh. Well, no, there's nothing here from Stan, but, well, Stan's gonna come and see you real soon, I bet, Kenny."
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(I hope so)
Kenny Dies,Nurse,"[opens the door] Hey, look who's here."
Kenny Dies,Kenny,[perks up a bit] (Stan??)
Kenny Dies,Woman,"[walks in with balloons and an assistant] Hello, Kenny, I'm Laura Jones, and this is Bob Ferrin."
Kenny Dies,Bob,We're with the Make-A-Wish Foundation. [a cameraman walks in and moves to the head of Kenny's bed]
Kenny Dies,Ms. McCormick,"Oh, Kenny, isn't that nice?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(The Make-A-Wish Foundation?)
Kenny Dies,Laura,We travel the country given special little boys and girls like you their biggest wish.
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Neat, huh Kenny?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(Yes.)
Kenny Dies,Laura,"So Kenny, if you could have ONE wish, what would it be? [there's no answer. A moment of silence]"
Kenny Dies,Bob,"What's your wish, pal?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(I guess the only thing I wish is to not die.)
Kenny Dies,Laura,What did he say?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,He said his wish is not to die. [a long stretch of silence in which the cameraman looks from person to person.]
Kenny Dies,Laura,"...O-kay, and, what if you're gonna have two wishes, what would the second one be?"
Kenny Dies,Bob,"I know! I bet you wanna meet Madonna, huh?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(No. Fuckin' Madonna...) [his words trail off and are hard to understand]
Kenny Dies,Bob,Wu- what was that?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"He said Madonna is an old anorexic whore who wore out her welcome years ago, and that now she suddenly speaks with a British accent and she thinks she can play guitar and she should go fuck herself. [the Foundation reps are stunned. Madonna appears in the doorway]"
Kenny Dies,Madonna,Should I come in now?
Kenny Dies,Bob,Uh no not quite yet.
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"The cow pasture, day. Stan has come here to reflect on Kenny's hospitalization. He sits on a log resting his head on his hands and watches as a cow drops a load of dung next to the log. He strikes a match and tosses it on the dung. The dung lights up and burns"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"[approaches] Hello there, children."
Kenny Dies,Stan,Hey Chef.
Kenny Dies,Chef,How's it goin'?
Kenny Dies,Stan,Bad.
Kenny Dies,Chef,Yeah. Things have been better.
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Why would God let Kenny die, Chef? Why? Kenny's my fr-f-f-friend. Why can't God take someone else's f-f-friend?"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"[sighs] Stan, sometimes God takes those closest to us, because it makes him feel better about himself. He is a very vengeful God, Stan. He's all pissed off about something we did thousands of years ago. He just can't get over it, so he doesn't care who he takes. Children, puppies, it don't matter to him, so long as it makes us sad. Do you understand."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"But then, why does God give us anything to start with?"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"Well, look at it this way: if you want to make a baby cry, first you give it a lollipop. Then you take it away. If you never give it a lollipop to begin with, then it would have nothin' to cry about. That's like God, who gives us life and love and help just so that he can tear it all away and make us cry, so he can drink the sweet milk of our tears. You see, it's our tears, Stan, that give God his great power. [pause]"
Kenny Dies,Stan,I think I understand.
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Capitol Hill, Washington DC"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"My name is Eric Cartman and I live in Colorado. My best friend in the whole world is Kenny McCormick and he, he's sick right now. He's real sick. He's only eight years old and his doctors don't think he has very long to live. Look, I realize that using the tissue from aborted fetuses for research is a touchy subject, but... All I know is that if there's a chance, a... chance that stem-cell research could save my best friend's life, well... I guess I owe it to him to try and change your minds. [a shot of Congress] I love Kenny McCormick and... [sob] I want you to love him too. [cries as Congresspeople look to each other] And I uh, I'm not the best speaker in the world. Maybe I can put it best in the words of a timeless song [takes a deep breath] It was the heat of the moment telling me what your heart meant The heat of the moment shone in your eyes I never meant to be so bad to you One thing I said that I would never do"
Kenny Dies,Congressman 1,One look from you and I would fall from grace.
Kenny Dies,Congressman 2,'And that would wipe the smile right from my face.
Kenny Dies,"Congressman 1, Cartman",Do you remember when we used to dance? [three Congressmen perform the following: two leg slaps and a clap]
Kenny Dies,A few Congressmen,And incidents arose from circumstance? [more Congressmen perform the moves]
Kenny Dies,Everyone,"One thing led to another; we were young [everyone does the moves, and the result is thunderous] And we would scream together songs unsung It was the heat of the moment Telling me what our hearts meant The heat of the moment shone in your eyes"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Planned Parenthood, day. Cartman, in shirt and tie, is outside with clipboard in hand, talking to a woman about to have an abortion."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"And so you see, now that the ban on stem-cell research has been lifted, we can sell your fetus to companies like Alder Labs."
Kenny Dies,Woman,"Oh, I don't know."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Look, I can offer you seventy-five dollars for that fetus right now, Jill."
Kenny Dies,Jill,"Seventy-five dollars? Well, alright."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[hands the clipboard over for her to sign the release form] Great, just sign right here, please. [another woman arrives] Hi. Havin' an abortion today? [Jill hands him the clipboard back, then heads for the clinic] Great. [to the second woman] Listen, if you'd like to sell your abortion for research I'm offering uh, seventy-five dollars. Help you out a little bit with your medical bill in there. [she nods and reaches for the clipboard.] And you sign right here. [hands her the clipboard and she signs. A couple passes by] Uh excuse me, ma'am. Can I interest you in selling your aborted fetus? [the second woman enters the clinic]"
Kenny Dies,Woman 2,We're not going to the abortion clinic. I'm going to have this baby.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, because uh, there's a little boy dying in a hospital right now who sure could use that baby more than you could. The stem cells from your fetus could help save his life."
Kenny Dies,Man,"Oh. Well, I guess we can always... just make another one."
Kenny Dies,Woman 2,"Oh Mark, I love you."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Alright! Now Kenny has a fighting chance.
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Stan enters with a package, his faith renewed, his confidence strong, and makes his way down the hall, passing people as he goes"
Kenny Dies,Head nurse,"[at her station] Young man, do you know where you're going?"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Yeah. I'm gonna see my friend, because he needs me right now."
Kenny Dies,Head nurse,All right! [Stan passes a man in a wheelchair]
Kenny Dies,Man on wheelchair,Go kid! [Stan passes a man on crutches]
Kenny Dies,Man on crutches,"Good for you! [Stan passes a doctor and nurse, and they smile]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, Kenny's room. Stan enters happily"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Hey, Kenny! [grins, then is stunned. The room is empty. Kenny is gone. Due to terminal illness.] Oh no. [Kyle walks up to the room, but stays outside] No."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,He just... He just... stopped breathing. And it was over.
Kenny Dies,Stan,"But... [a shot of the bed reveals a teddy bear on the floor] I didn't get to see him. Hell I, I didn't get to sssay good-bye. [another shot of the bed reveals a teddy bear on the floor] Did he say anything before he went?"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"He just said... ""Where's Stan?"""
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"South Park Church, some days later, day."
Kenny Dies,Mr. Garrison,"And so, we will all miss Kenny, his playful laughter, his innocent smile. But we will never forget that it was because of brave Kenny that stem-cell research was allowed to continue."
Kenny Dies,Stan,I let Kenny down. I'm his worst f-f-f-friend. [the doors fly open and Cartman walks in. He sees his friends and they look back.]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,You guys! Come quick! [Stan and Kyle look surprised]
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"What, Cartman?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"It's... [Cartman turns around] Why, it's a miracle, you guys! [rushes out the door to a spot on the side of the road. Stan and Kyle follow.]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Outside, day. Cartman stops, but still bounces from joy. Stan and Kyle join him"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"What, Cartman? What's happened?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Look. [across the street stands a Shakey's Pizza] I put the stem cells from all the fetuses I had next to a Shakey's, and they ARE replicating a new Shakey's! [oozing sounds are heard as a new Shakey's is indeed rising up next to the current one] It worked! [Kyle is shocked.]"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"This whole time, you were just using Kenny's illness to lift the ban on stem cell research so you could sell your stupid fetuses?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Stupid fetuses? It's my own Shakey's!
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"I actually hugged you. I held you in my arms and, and, cried with you."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"I think I only need a hundred or so more aborted babies, [Kyle turns and faces him angrily] and I can finish up the kitchen."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,AAARGH! [jumps up on Cartman and starts pummeling him. Cartman tosses him off]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Aah! Kyle! [Kyle punches him across the face a few times] Kyle! [Kyle delivers a series of punches to the chest]
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Hey, I wasn't Kenny's worst f-f-f-friend! [Kyle gives Cartman a good roundhouse right and Cartman falls on the ground, face first.] Cartman was! [Kyle continues beating Cartman up]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' home, night. Butters enters the living room with a wrapped gift in hand. He walks up to his parents. His mom is polishing an end table while his father reads the newspaper on the sofa beside it."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Heh-alright, Mom, I'm all done wrappin' Dad's anniversary present for ya."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Oh, is it someone's anniversary soon? [chuckles]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[puts her hands on her hips] Oh, you!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Just kidding. [lowers the newspaper and takes the gift from Butters and shakes it] Oh, I wonder what it is."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"It's a- [covers his mouth for a second, then looks down] Awww, shucks, [looks at his dad] I can't tell you. Uh, but it's really nifty."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well, looks like we're gonna have to do somethin' extra-special for Mommy and Daddy's anniversary this year. How about on Saturday we all go have dinner at Bennigan's!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Bennigan's?? Oh, boy, you mean it?? [starts running around the coffee table in excitement] Whoopee, at Bennigan's I'm gonna get the Rain Champ baby-back ribs! [stops and bounces with excitement]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Calm down there, cowboy. You've still got four days."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Four days? Oh, I don't know how I'm gonna wait that long!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A montage of Butter's previous appearances in South Park fills the screen. Then the picture of Butters with a Barbie doll grows to fill the screen. Then as this chorus is song, the following scenes appear: Butters at Picture Day - a lock of hair pops straight up as his picture is taken. He tries out for Fingerbang. He turns around and is about to show his ""fruit bowl."" He puts on a condom. He's with Token and Timmy at the drugstore. He says a few lines in the ""Helen Keller! The Musical"" play. He gets his hair cut at the David Blaine complex. He's with his fellow Angels, then slides down a rope and bumps into Mr. Garrison, then hops off."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Who's the boy that can laugh at a storm cloud? Turn a frown into a smile for free? Who's the kid with a heart full of magic? Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"'It's ""The Butters Show""' appears over a wallpaper design of Butters' head. This is the show's splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Next scenes: Butters in Mr. Mackey's basement. Butters tied to the feet of the Provider, a statue of John Elway. Butters keeping his class informed of what the kindergartners were doing while the class practices its play. Butters asking a question in class about using shit in the expletive. Butters delivering a tape to a reporter. Butters peeking through a door in the hotel NAMBLA is meeting at. Butters figuring out how to open the condom. Stan grabbing Butters angrily. Butters rubbing some cow dung on his jacket after finding the dung sticky. Butters calling upon Pele to make his volcano work."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Who's the boy with the eyes full of wonder? Who thinks being yourself is the best thing to be? Who's that rascal with the tweezers in his pocket? Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[In the splash screen, claps his fists together in the hole] That's me."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Next scenes: Butters jumps into a puddle. Butters runs down the hall to the theater proper. Butters petting a white goat. Butters holds a picture of himself and John Elway. Butters talking in the playground, holding his tooth. Kyle finds Butters on the street, after Butters tags a wall. Butters in a truck, with hockey mask on his head. Butters wondering how to not get anthrax. Butters as a Confederate officer. Butters taking over for Cartman on the phone. Butters talking in class. Butters talking to some kids in the playground. Butters as a gas station attendant after the adults are sent to prison for molesting their children. Butters with Stan and Kyle in the orientation meeting at David Blaine's complex. Butters at his window. Butters fainting after holding his breath too long trying to not get anthrax."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,"Jumpin' in puddles, skippin' down the hallway Pettin' at the petting zoo. He loves John Alway. [Butters, with pic of himself and John Elway, corrects the choir: ""Elway!""] Who's that tyke with the cutest little dimples, Battin' his eyes at every puppy he sees? If you look inside yourself, you might be surprised when you find A little boy named Butters!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[In the splash screen, the hole he was in is gone] That's me, [brings his fists together twice.] Yeah. [walks off to his left]."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,Return to Butters' living room. His mom is dusting off a portrait on the wall as his dad returns to reading the newspaper
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[making calculations on a sheet of paper at the coffee table] Three more days till we eat at Bennigan's. That's s-seventy-two hours. Aw gee whiz.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[rises and walks over to Mom] Well, if you two will excuse me, I need to go and buy a certain special lady her anniversary present. [hugs her gently]Linda: I hope he means me, haha. [Dad turns and walks to the door.]Butters: Don't be silly, Mom. Of course he means you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[at the front door] I'll be back in a little bit. [Butters rises to see him off] Butters, you're in charge of the house."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[salutes] Yes sir! [Dad exits and closes the door. Butters moves back to the table.]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[walking towards the door] Oh, I wonder what he's gonna get me this year?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,We won't know until we're at Bennigan's.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[walks around Butters to the other end of the coffee table] Every year it's the same. Your father gets me some great gift and my gift to him falls short. [walks away towards the camera and stops, wondering] I've just got to outdo him this year, I've just got to."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Dad's a good shopper all right.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[kneels beside Butters] Butters, maybe you could secretly follow your dad and see what he's getting me."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"You mean, spy on him? Uh but... ain't that kind of like... fibbin'?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[rises and goes to the computer] No, it's a little different. You remember when the nice policeman gave you a badge and made you an honorary inspector? [takes a badge from the desk and shows it to Butters.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Sure I do!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Why, I think Inspector Butters could find out what Daddy'd getting Mommy without him ever knowing. [hands the badge to Butters, who puts it on] What do you say?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[salutes her] Inspector Butters in on the case, ma'am! [walks away]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen, but now only ""Butters"" is on the screen."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone know it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] Uh, that's me!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"South Park, night, the seedy side of town. Butter's father walks down the street and stops at a corner. He sees a pawn shop across the street and walks towards it. He turns and looks around the street, then puts on a hat and turns up the collar on his shirt. He walks back the way he came. Butters has arrived and sees him from behind a bush across the street. Butters has on his own disguise - a handlebar mustache - and carries a note pad, on which he takes notes of his father's every move. He pops out from behind the bush. His father looks around to make sure no one is following and arrives at Studcat Theater to see ""Fisting Firemen 9."" He looks around as he enters, and the doors close behind him"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[takes down the info he sees] Hm. Dad's going to see a movie. How nice.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' father soon leaves the theater and walks towards a men's bath house, the White Swallow Spa. He arrives and rings the doorbell. He looks around both ways and enters as soon as the buzzer sounds. Butters looks on from behind a trash can across the street"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[writes down] ""White Swallow Bath House"""
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone know it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] Uh, that's me!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. He's returned from his tour of espionage and finds his mother in the kitchen cutting carrots into slices"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I'm back, Ma!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Oh, hi sweetie. Did you get to follow your dad around?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,I sure did. [walks over to the breakfast table and takes a seat] Dad sure had a nice night out.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Well, did you see what he got me for our anniversary?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well first, he went to see a movie."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,A movie? Hmmm. I wonder why he'd wanna see a movie by himself.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I don't know. But it wasn't the movie theater at the mall. No, it was that, really old theater downtown. The Studcat. [Mom freezes] I didn't know it was open. [a look of dread is on her face]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Wait a minute. What was the movie called?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"""Fisting Firemen 9"" [her dread turns to shock] I've never seen 1 through 8."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Oh my God...
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh but it must have been a real short movie, though, because Dad came out, like, ten minutes later. ...And it must have been a sad film, too, because, he had a bunch of tissue paper with him when he came out. Poor old Dad, the movie really got to him."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Butters, where did Daddy go after the movie?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,To the gym.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,To the gym?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Yeah. The White Swallow Spa.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[stung by that revelation] Gaah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yep. He went in there and wrestled with all kinds o' guys. He wasn't too good, though. This one black guy had him pinned down for fifteen minutes straight!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[really shocked] ...Butters? Are you sure about this? You have to be absolutely sure!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Inspector Butters gets all the facts. I even got some neato pictures. [holds them up for his mom to see. She walks over and takes them from him. She sees her husband gong into the theater, then into the spa, then being rammed by a man from behind...] The only thing I can't figure out is why dad told you he was goin' shoppin' for your present when he was goin' out to see the movies an' wrestlin'. [his mom faints right to the floor] Oh, did you have a nice ""trip,"" Mom? See you next ""fall."" Hahaha, yo- Ma?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] Uh, that's me!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's working with Lego blocks at the coffee table while his mom works on the wall behind him, painting over one shade of green with a lighter shade. Her hair is a mess."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[in a fractured, disturbed voice] Paaiint. Must paaiint. Everything clean. Paaiint."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well, honey, you've painted the entire house. Three times."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Must paaiint. Everything clean. Everything new!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[approaches Butters] Say Butters, m-I'm havin' real trouble finding an anniversary present for Mom. Any ideas?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Hm. Uh-I can't think of one.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well then, it looks like I'm gonna have to go out shopping again. [walks towards the front door.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[paints furiously now] Ungh. Paaiint. Everything clean. Everything new. Paaiint.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[opens the door] I'll be back in a little while. [exits]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[walks over to the door] Should I go see what he gets you again, Mom?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"I don't think Daddy's shopping. I think Daddy's going out wrestling again. [rolls some paint on him downwards] Paaiint. [rolls some paint on him upwards] Paaiint. [turns around and walks away, leaving a confused Butters behind] Must be made clean. New."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Hey, a new paint brush. That's what Dad could get Mom for their anniversary. I gotta go tell him. [opens the door and exits.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[alone with her thoughts in front of a family photo] Must clean Butters. [paints over her face] Clean. Never be clean. Must... [paints over Butters' face] kill? The only way? Must kill Butters. [paints some more over their faces] Paaiint.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The White Swallow Spa, night. Butters is at its front doors and rings the buzzer. The doors open and he enters He jumps up and gives the attendant some money - $10."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,One please.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Attendant,Locker two thirteen! [a towel pops out through a dispenser next to the window]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Uh thanks! [takes the towel and heads for the spa's locker room.]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The locker room. The camera pans across the locker room and shows nothing but men in towels. Some of them are exercising, others just chat."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[appears in the doorway] Dad? [walks in] Dad, you in here?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A hallway. Butters happens upon a wooden door with a small window in the upper half. He looks up at the window, then enters the room."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Hello? Eh-anybody in here?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Man,"[voice only] There, do you think that works?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mr. Garrison,"[voice only] Well, that's four fingers; try five."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh, Mr. Garrison?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mr. Garrison,...Who is that?!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,The main hallway. Butters enters and checks the first door to his left. Two men walk towards the entrance and walk out
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[reaches the second door to his left, which is ajar] Da-ad? Da-ad?? [pushes the door open] Are you wrestlin' in here? [gets a better look: two men are engaged in anal intercourse] Dad?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mr. Slave,This room's taken.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, uh, pardon me, sirs. [exits and closes that door, then moves to the opposite room and looks in] Dad? No. [leaves that room and moves to the third door to his right] Hm. [opens the door: his father is masturbating, but Butters doesn't know what that is.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[sees his son at the door and quickly covers himself] OOH! BUTTERS!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Hi Dad! [waves and smiles]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[now with towel in hand] Oh God! Aaah! Ohhh!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I'm glad I found ya. I think I know the perfect anniversary present for Mom. But what are you doin' with your wiener out there, Dad?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[quite embarrassed, has the towel in position] Butters, you need... to leave here right now! You need to... get out of here, egeh... Go home and wait for me to talk to talk to you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. Well, alright then. Well, see ya at home. [backs out and closes the door]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[now distraught] Oh, Jesus, no. OH, what have I done?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. Butters' dad is in his study."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[closes a book, rises and calls out] Butters! Oh Butters! Could you come and see me in my study real quick?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[appears in the doorway] Uh, hey Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Come here, son. [taps his lap. Butters enters and approaches] I wanna have a talk with you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[hops onto his father's lap] Well, sure thing, Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Son, I wanted to talk to you about lying."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well, I know lying's bad, Dad. Y-you told me so."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Yes, it sure can be. [pause] But, there are also times when distorting the truth a little, uh, is appropriate. These are called ""little white lies."""
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Little white lies?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"You see, sometimes telling a little white lie is okay. Like, for instance, when you catch your father jacking off in a gay men's bath house."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"...Uh, who's Jack?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Butters, the point is that, I think that if you told Mommy what Daddy was doing tonight, well, she might go completely insane."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh no, that won't happen, Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"It won't? Oh, good."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Eh, no. Because I already told Mom and she's fine."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,You... what?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[In the doorway] Butters, Mommy wants to take you for a little drive now."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"A drive? Oh, boy! [puts his fists together twice] I- I love a good drive. Is Dad comin' too?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"No, sweetie, Daddy needs to sit and think."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[hops off his dad's lap] Alright. See ya in a bit, Dad. [walks out after his mother] Oh boy, a drive!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Boat dock, night, some minutes later. Mom drives onto a boat ramp and edges close to the water. A song plays on the radio: ""Jingle Bell Rock."" She slows the car to a stop."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, jeez, you wouldn't have believed how angry I was when Teacher said I had to share my fingerpaints, because I've been sharin' them all along."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[with a blank expression on her face] Butters, you know that Mommy loves you an awful lot, don't you?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well, sure I do, Mom. I love you, too."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"And sometimes mommies do things that seem hurtful to their babies, but it's really for the best."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, you mean like the time you washed my mouth out with soap for sayin' ""nutsack"" in front of Grandma. Yeah, I need to behave myself."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"If a mommy has to end her life, she can't let her baby alone in the world to be raised by a sick pervert."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well, sure, that makes sense, I suppose, yeah. Hey, did you seen my mittens anywhere? [begins searching] It's cold out here."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"I'm going to get out of the car now, Butters. [Butters looks up at her] I want you to stay put with your seat belt fastened."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. Well, alright, Mom. O-o-okay then. [she moves the gear shift to neutral, releases the emergency brake, opens the driver-side door, and exits. She walks away from the water, and the car starts to move forward] You know, I think the car might be movin', Mom. [cut to a view of the water from the dock] Yep, I'm pretty sure the car is movin'. Looks like I'm headin' for the water."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[close up. Her hands are together, fingertips touching] Shhh. Shhh. It's okay, baby. Mommy will be with you very soon."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[a view of the dock from the water] Well, I think I- Yup, it looks like the car is fillin' up with water! [she turns away as the car leaves the dock] Yeah. I think right now might be a good time to try to get the car out, Mom! [she walks away]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night, living room. His mom has returned home and is now writing a note. A noose hangs over the coffee table, ready for her to use when the time comes. His father, apparently, is not home"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"""Dear bastard husband,"" No. [scribbles over the words, then writes] ""Dear lying sonofabitch,"" No. [scribbles over the words, then writes] ""Dear assface,"" Yeah, that's it. ""I will no longer-"""
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[enters the front door and quickly grasps the situation] Linda?? What are you doing?? [moves behind the sofa and to the lamp. Linda rises and quickly moves to the noose, then puts it on defiantly]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Stay away from me, bastard!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Linda, I know this is very hard-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[snaps back] You don't know anything!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"I've been wanting to stop going to those places, Linda, but I couldn't. I still love you!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[sobbing] Then why, Chris, why?!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"It just... it started as some curiosity on the Internet. I would chat with other married guys in the chat rooms and... Well the things they would talk about, Linda, I, I don't know why I found it exciting. I just did, and it, and it grew from there and it spun out of control, and- eh, ugh, DAMN YOU, INTERNET!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Well, [glares at him] you don't have to worry about your family being in your way anymore! [turns away and sobs]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"No, Linda! I don't want that lifestyle! It's just kind of an addiction. I want help. And I'm going to get help. Please, just give me a chance to make this all up to you. [she removes the noose and falls to the floor] We can have a normal life!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"There is no going back, Chris!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,Sure there is!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,No! [turns to face him] Our son is dead!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,What?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[sobbing] I killed him. [collects her thoughts] I was going to end it all, and everything spun out of control for me. I drowned Butters in the car, Chris!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Oh no. [Linda cries loudly] No! No, no, Jesus! Linda, what were you thinking?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[snaps] I WASN'T THINKING! [catches her breath] I couldn't think! You destroyed my life, you! [points at him, then breaks down] Oh, God, what have I done?! Oh, Butter-her-hers-ss-ss- [dissolves into sobs]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[confused] This can't be happening! This is a bad dream.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Just go away and let me die! [sobs]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[genuflects next to her] No! Linda, we-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"I'm a murderer, Chris! I don't have a life now! [lays down on the floor face first and pounds it with her right fist]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Linda, Butters is gone. [drops into thought] Oh Christ, if Butters is gone, then... there's nothing we can do about that. But I won't let you go to jail, I promise, Linda! Pleeease! [she start weeping, then he starts, and they both weep...]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A river, day. The family car come into view, floating down the river, with Butters still strapped in."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, boy! This thing ain't never gonna stop! I must be all the way down to Denver by now. [the car floats down some more and crashes into some boulders. The passenger-side door flies open] Ohhh, whoopee! Finally. Uh now that the car has come to a stop, it's safe for me to unfasten my seat belt. [unfastens it and lets it go. He scrambles out and over the boulders] Boy, Mom must be- worried sick about- me right now. Ah I gotta get back home. [before him are some low hills and the Rockies in the background. No buildings in sight] Wuh gee whiz, where the heck am I?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. A News 4 crew is there, with reporter in place. So is a crowd of spectators and other news media"
Butters' Very Own Episode,News 4 Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in front of the home of Chris and Linda Stotch. They're living every parent's nightmare right now, as last night, while Ms. Stotch was driving with her son in the car, a man stopped her, put a gun to her head, and took her son away. When asked who the man was, Ms. Stotch replied, ""some Puerto Rican guy."" Naturally, the police are in an all-out manhunt for some Puerto Rican guy. [the front door behind him opens and the Stotches appear] Uh, it looks like the parents are about to make a statement, Tom. [cameras start snapping pictures. Officer Barbrady and fellow police officers form a barricade to keep the crowd away from the podium.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Reporter 1,Mrs. Stotch? Mrs. Stotch? Any word yet from the man who took your son?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"No, no, not yet. But if you're out there, we beg you: we just want our baby returned safely back to us."
Butters' Very Own Episode,News 4 Reporter,"Mrs. Stotch, what did the kidnapper look like?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Puerto Rican.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Reporter 2,Was he tall? Short?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"He was... average Puerto Rican height. Please, just bring our baby back to me."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The highway, day. He's in a Busy Beavers moving truck going uphill"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"And so then my friend started hollerin' at me, sayin' ""you took my rubber bands."" Well, I didn't take 'em, Craig, did. I saw Craig take 'em. Anyway, boy, I sure am lucky you came along, Mister."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Truck driver,"Yeah. Too bad you're not a broad, 'cause I need some God-damned poontang."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yeah. I could use some God-damned poontang myself right now. Have you ever been to Bennigan's, Mister? Oh, it sure is great. I'm goin' to Bennigan's tomorrow night with my family. Oh, I can just see it now. [dream sequence: the doors open and the family walks in] We'll walk in the front doors, [a smiling waitress welcomes them and leads them to their booth] and the nice Bennigan's hostess lady will take us to our cozy booth [Butters focuses on the booth bench, runs to it, and climbs on] Then we'll order some mozzarella sticks, for appetizers. [a waiter brings the dish over] Dad will open his present, and Mom will open hers [he gets a tie, she gets the paint brush, and they smile at the gifts] Uh then the Bennigan's wait staff will sing Happy Happy Anniversary from everyone at Bennigan's [the entire staff sings at the table as the family listens] Happy Happy Anniversary-eh from everyone at Bennigan's [the sequence is cut short as the driver gets annoyed] Happy Happy Anniversary from everyone at Bennigan's [the truck stops and the driver exits to make his way to the passenger side] Happy Ha-  Whoa, are we stoppin' for sodas? Hey, can I have chocolate milk? [the driver opens the door, plucks Butters out, set him by the side of the road, closes the door, and heads back for the driver's side. He gets in and drives off. Butters watches him go, then turns to face the receding truck...] He must like TGI Fridays"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. The news crews and the crowd are gone. Inside, the parents sit on the sofa as the police and detectives handle the case. The phone rings. Chris rises, but the police chief stops him"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Police chief,Let us handle it. [looks towards the phone] Barbrady?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,[answers the phone] Hello?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,Rob's Sassy Ladys titty bar. A few men sit around looking at an exotic dancer works her way around a pole. Butters is at a pay phone nearby
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. Hello? Uh, who is this?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,Who is this?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh, is this the Stotch residence?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,Yes. Are you calling about the abduction?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,...No.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,"Oh. Well, are you Puerto Rican?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[looks down and checks himself out] ...No.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,"We need to keep this line clear. Call back another day. [hangs up and faces the family and officers] It wasn't the abductors, sorry."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Officer 1,[enters the front door] Chief! Two more parents from the next town over have shown up saying their child might have been killed by the same guy that took the Stotch boy.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Police chief,Really?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Officer 2,"[enters with the couple] This is John and Patsy Ramsey, from Boulder."
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"[they rush onto the sofa] We saw your story on the news, and we were so sorry to hear about your loss."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"Our daughter was killed a few years ago, in our house."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Yes, I... remember hearing something about that."
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,A and we realized... The man that murdered your son must be the same person that killed our daughter!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"Yes, because we certainly didn't do it! No. [they both laugh nervously]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"No, huh."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,No.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well, our son was ab-ducted. We don't know that he's dead yet."
Butters' Very Own Episode,The Ramseys,Riiight.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A road, day. Butters walks along and comes to a fork in the road. A gas station sits in the middle of the fork, and a mechanic works on a red car. Butters approaches him"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Sir? Hello?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"[leaves the car to see Butters] Hallo, what can I do for ya?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Wah I have to get to South Park. Eh, if you give me a ride, I could pay you the four dollars I made at the titty bar."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"Sarrih, wife took the car to Estes Park for the weekend. Won't be back until Sunday, hyeah. I can give you a ride Sunday, if ya like."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,I can't wait till Sunday. I'm eating with my family at Bennigan's tomorrow.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"Well, then, looks like you're walkin'."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Uh will I eventually get to South Park if I follow this road? [points to the road on the left]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"'Aht road leads to Conifuh. You want to go to South Park, you gotta go down that rod. [the camera pans to the right and stops at a terrifying road. It is lined with spooky trees with faces on them, dark threatening clouds overhead, and eerie sounds.] 'Course, I ain't nevuh seen anyone go up that rod. Six years ago a group of campers went up there and got lost. Had to eat each other to say alive. Used to be the way to O'Riley house. He butchered over fifty children and kept their bodies in a cellah. But, you should find an old bridge about halfway up. That bridge is cursed, you know? They built it with the bones of two hundred Chinese laborers who were massacred in '34. Yeah. Lotta history down that rod."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[unsure, blinks] ...Well, it's my parents' anniversary tomorrow, [starts walking] and they're gonna be awful sad if I'm not there with 'em."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"Well, uh good luck then."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Oh jeez. [he enters the gloomy forest]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,[watches Butters leave] ...or is South Park down that rod?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"I Am Siam Thai Cuisine restaurant, day. Inside, the Ramseys and the Stotches are seated at a booth, men on the inside, women on the outside. Lunch is served"
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"It's so very hard to lose a loved one, isn't it?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Yes, it, it sure is."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,Thank goodness we have each other to share our grief.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Thank goodness.
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,[points towards the entrance] Here he is. [a door is heard opening and in walks...]
Butters' Very Own Episode,A Politician,John! Patsy!
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"Hello, Gary. Great to see you. Chris and Linda, this is our good friend, Congressman Gary Condit. [Condit approaches the table, waves hello, and takes a seat next to Linda] He also lost someone close to him and thinks it something to do with the same Puerto Rican guy that hurt our kids."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,We're goin' tuh get that sonofabitch! [grins. That grin is fixed in place]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Yes, I'd I sure hope we do."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,"I spoke with the FBI and some Puerto Rican guy has just made their Number One Most Wanted, heh."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"Oh, good. Maybe now they'll catch him. [the door is heard opening again] Oh, here's another member of our support group. [waves hello] O.J."
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,[waves] Hey guys.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,"Chris, Linda, you know O.J. Simpson. [O.J. walks up and shakes Linda's hand]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Oh. Sure.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"O.J.'s wife was killed by an uh, some Puerto Rican guy, too."
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,"Yup, it was some Puerto Rican guy all right."
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"So you see, Chris and Linda, there are people like you all over the country who've been affected by some Puerto Rican guy."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,Hey! Let's make Chris and Linda an official part of the group.
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,Yeah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,Yeah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,Alright!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,[waves her knife like a conductor's baton] One of us! One of us!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,Gooble gobble gooble gobble!
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,[joins Condit] One of us!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,the two lines happen together
Butters' Very Own Episode,The Ramseys and Condit,One of us! One of us!
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,One of us! Gooble gobble!
Butters' Very Own Episode,"The Ramseys, O.J., Condit",Gooble gobble! Gooble gobble! One of us! One of us! [the Stotches look at the other four in fear]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The scary road, night. The skies have cleared to reveal a bright full moon. The camera moves down to the road and Butters comes into view singing to himself"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"For family fun and great food, too, come on down to... Bennigan's [a shadow flies over the trees in front of him, and an eerie cry is heard. He stops] Buffalo wings and fried cheese sticks, the best are found at... Bennigan's [a snarling sound is heard. He stops and turns right, looking into the trees] Uhuh, hello? [after a while of looking, he turns left and starts walking again] So come and eat at..."
Butters' Very Own Episode,A voice,[whispering] Why can't he see us?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"...Bennigan's. You'll love all our... shenanigans. [the eerie sound is heard again, and three red dots are aimed at his forehead - he has been targeted by someone, or something... He turns right again and looks into the trees. Someone looks back, and turns on thermal vision. A neon view of Butters is shown. Butters turns left and start walking again. The three dots remain trained on his forehead] Oh, nutsack [moves his hands to his mouth and gasps a bit] Oops."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day, the anniversary has arrived. Inside, Chris and Linda are fighting over the details of the unfolding story of Butters' disappearance. He sits on the sofa; she's pacing the floor, crying, and both are unkempt"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Naw, Linda! Because you can't now say that the abductor is Costa Rican! [rises] You have to learn to keep it straight!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,I can't keep it straight when you keep inventing new parts to the story!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Hey, don't forget that I'm covering for you! [the door opens and Butters walks in]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Don't forget: your lies started all this. [Butters closes the door]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"My lies may have been deceitful, but your lies cover up something much more horrible than anything I ever did! [Butters approaches and looks]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Happy Anniversary!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Not now, Butters!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. [moves off to his left] Alright, then. I-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Butters?? [spots him and scoops him up, then shares him with Chris]Oh, Butters!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,Son! I don't believe it! [they both drop on one knee as they hold on to Butters]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Ah, I'm sorry. The car just rolled into the lake, and it floated all the way down the river. I tried callin' home, but it was-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Oh, my baby's back!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I ain't grounded, am I?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"No-huih, no, Butters. Oh, son, why... [relief fades to spin] Oh... Uh, we're gonna need you to tell a little white lie about where you've been though, alright?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Lie?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Oh. Eh yes. Uh darling, you're going to have to say you don't know how you got home."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,No! You have to say that a Puerto Rican man dropped you off! [both parents set Butters down and rise]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Ohhh, who's gonna believe he just dropped him off?!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Hey, you stop hollerin'! It's your anniversary."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[over Butters' voice] Now we don't really have a choice, do we?!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"You're the one that made up the stuff about the Puerto Rican, IDIOT!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh stop it, Mom and Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well you're the one who couldn't back it up wit a description, stupid!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Now gosh darn it, you! [steps in between his parents] You listen here! Now I am sick of these harmless lies and l-little white lies. You know, you can call a shovel an ice-cream machine, but it's still a shovel, Mom and Dad. Ah, and you can call a lie whatever you want, but it's still a no-good stinkin' lie! And when you start coverin' up one lie with another why, now that's when you get into real trouble! [Chris and Linda listen] Boy I've, I've just about had it up to here [puts his right hand to his chin, palm down] with you two! [a few seconds of silence follow]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,...Butters... You're as right as rain.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[genuflects and messes with Butters' hair] You sure are.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well I ain't in trouble for hollerin' at ya, am I?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"No, Butters. You're the best son in the whole world. [Chris walks over to the phone as Linda and Butters look at each other] And I am so happy you're alive."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"...Well ah, I'm happy you're alive too, Mom. So now can we go to Bennigan's?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"You bet, son. But Mommy and Daddy have something they have to do first. [picks up the receiver and starts dialing...]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. The news media and the spectators are back at the Stotch house for another press conference.. The front door opens and the Stotches step forth to the podium, all cleaned up and well-dressed. Cameramen begin taking pictures"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"We... have an announcement to make, um. Our son has been returned to us. [Butters comes out of the house to stand next to his parents, and cheers are heard in the crowd. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are present]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Man in crowd,"Wow, alright."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,Butters was missing?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"But, that isn't all we have to say. You see, we learned a very important lesson tonight and it took the smarts of our young son to show us."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[points at the crowd] Yeah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,We've learned that deception is wrong and that the only thing to ever make it right again is to come clean.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yeah! [a shot of the Ramseys, O.J., and Condit]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"You see, I've been deceiving my wife for several months. I was going to gay movies and bathhouses and having sex with random men who were complete strangers."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[raises both arms in victory] Ye-! [turns to look at his father, and his arms go down] wait, what?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Cartman,Huho!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[Butters is now afraid of what she might say] And when I found out I went crazy, I went crazy and I drove my son into the lake to kill 'im."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh, k-kill me? Uh Jesus Christ!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,"Damn, dude."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"So you see, there was no ""some Puerto Rican guy."" He doesn't exist. And so the people we owe the biggest apology to are the Ramseys, Congressman Condit, and O.J. We gave you false hope for finding the person who hurt those close to you and, we're sorry. Now we're just happy we won't have to live a life of secrets. For I knew that even though some of you supported us, some others were looking at me and thinking, ""You're a liar! You're a LIAR!"" [points at the crowd, and Condit's fixed-grin face is shown] ""You know somethin' that you're not telling us, you slimy, scumbag liar!"" [back to Chris] Eh you know, that's what people would say to me. And then people would see my wife at the supermarket and they would say, ""Hello,"" but they'd be thinking, ""Ah, there goes that MURDERER!"" [a shot of O.J.] ""You got away with MURDER you murdering, lying, waste of life!"" [back to Chris] And to me, people might say things like, [a shot of Condit] ""LIAR! Tell us what you know you God-damned liar!"" [back to Chris] And so, to both of us, people all over town would be saying things like, [a shot of the Ramseys] ""You know God-damn well what happened to your kid, so stop acting like victims, and confess, you MURDERING MURDERERS!"" [a shot of O.J.] ""CONFESS!"" [a shot of Condit] ""LIAR! CONFESS!"" [back to Chris] You know, and, that's what people would be saying to us, and so, we just had to come forward and tell the truth."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,We're sorry we lied to you all. It won't happen again.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"And now, if you'll excuse us, this family has to get to Bennigan's."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Man 2 in Crowd,"Yeah-ah-alright! [the parents go back in the house as a stunned Butters stands on the walkway. The crowd disperses and Stan, Kyle, and Cartman walk up to Butters]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,"Wow dude, your dad's a perv and your mom tried to kill you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yeah. Boy, you fellas are sure gonna rip on me at school now."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Cartman,We sure are.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I really wish I didn't know that stuff. I guess I learned that sometimes, lying can be for the best. Yup. Oh well, when I want a chipotle bleu cheese bacon burger at Bennigan's, I forget all about my dad... bein' queer and my mom tryin' to kill me. I'm gonna be okay."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,Really?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Naw, I'm lyin'"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[appears in the doorway] Let's go, son."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Wuh comin', Dad! [goes inside the house]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[returns to the doorway and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, living room, day. Cartman, Stan, and Kyle are on the sofa laughing as Cartman does some prank calls."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[dialing] Shu- shut up you guys, shut up you guys. [the boys quiet down and cover their mouths as the call goes through to City Wok, a Chinese restaurant.]"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Herro, Shitty Wok, take your order prease."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[the boys giggle] Hello, is this City Wok?"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Yes, this Shitty Wok"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[the boys giggle harder] Uh, yes, we'd like one order of the City Beef."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,[writing] Shitty Beef...
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Aha, and I'll have the City Chicken."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,[writing] Shitty Chicken... [the boys roar with laughter. Cartman rolls back on the sofa]
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Oh, dude, look! [the others look up and the phone falls off Cartman's lap to the floor] It's that commercial with the guy that lost 400 pounds eating at Subway Sandwiches!"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,Commercial. The first thing on the screen is a submarine sandwich. It pans across the screen.
Jared Has Aides,Singer,"He's still lookin' good! [a man appears eating a footlong subway sandwich. The name ""JARED FOGLE"" appears on the screen near the bottom] His name is Jared [he struts down a sidewalk. ""LOST 262 LBS."" appears on the screen] His name is Jared and he likes to eat the sandwiches... [a side shot of Jared walking smoothly behind a white picket fence in Downtown, then of slices of a party sub, then of the first sandwich]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,Cartman living room. Butters walks in.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Uh, hey, fellas."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Hey Kenny.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[upset] Now gosh darnit, my name's not Kenny! Kenny's dead, and you're all gonna have to learn to deal with it!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Okay, Not-Kenny."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,Commercial continues.
Jared Has Aides,Announcer,"Hey South Park! [camera switches to the TV. Jared is shown munching away on a sub sandwich behind splash bubbles saying ""JARED LIVE"" ""FREE SUBS"" and ""LOSE WEIGHT"" and ""MEET JARED"" ""SOUTH PARK, COLORADO""] You can meet Jared IN PERSON March 6 at the Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[excited] Woh, boy! Jared's comin' to town!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Dude! That's today!
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"We've gotta get down there! Come on, Not-Kenny! [Stan and Kyle hop off the sofa and head for the front door]"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[angered] Now gosh darnit, my name's not Not-Kenny!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[hops off and follows Stan and Kyle] Okay, come on, Not-Not-Kenny."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Wo-ah I'm getting steamed now. [follows the other three. The phone remains on the floor]
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"[the receiver rattles with his voice] Hello! City Wok! City Wok, I take your order prease!"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square, moments later. A crowd is in front of the stage waiting for Jared, with people holding up signs saying ""We Love Jared"" ""We Love You Jared!!"" ""Jared for President"", etc. The boys walk up to Herbert Garrison. Kyle taps him."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Excuse me? Could we get through here?
Jared Has Aides,Herbert Garrison,"[turns around] Hell no! I've been savin' this spot for six hours! [begins to dance] His name is Garrison, Mr. Garrison. He lost ten pounds takin' Jared's lead-"
Jared Has Aides,Randy,Here he comes! [the crowd turns left as one and starts clamoring. Jared struts towards the crowd as his theme song comes up]
Jared Has Aides,Singer,"He's still lookin' good, with all those... sub sandwiches... [Jared walks up on stage and takes the podium]"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Thank you all so much. You know what? After a year of eating delicious sub sandwiches, I've proven weight loss is easy! [the crowd cheers] And I promise you, I will always be your faithful leader in easy weight loss!"
Jared Has Aides,Some men,Alright! [more cheering]
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,That guy ate all the sandwiches he wanted and lost weight. He is so cool.
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"South Park, later. A knock is heard and a door opens. Jared is seen eating a sub at a desk. A worker peaks in."
Jared Has Aides,Worker,"Mr. Fogle, some fans wanted to see if you'd sign their sandwich?"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Sure, let 'em in. [the worker lets the boys in and Jared spins around to face them] Hi kids. [the room Jared is in is a dressing room]"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Wow, Jared!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Dude! Did you really lose all that weight eating nothing but sub sandwiches?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"I sure did! And- Well- Well I, I also had a little help on the side."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,What kind of help?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Well, eating sub sandwiches was a big part of it. But the way that I lost so much weight was that I got aides."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,A- AIDS?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,That's right. I got aides about two years ago and I've been losing weight ever since. It's amazing how slim you can get with aides.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,I'll bet you can.
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Would you like to meet them?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,[steps backwards] Them?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,My aides. Scott! Tyler! [moves to the door. The two aides come in and Jared stands behind them. Then he looks at the blond to his left] Scott is my personal trainer [looks at the light brunet to his right] and Tyler is my dietitian.
Jared Has Aides,"Scott, Tyler",Hello.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Oh, ""A I D E S,"" aides."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Yep. Hooray for aides!
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Well, that's not really what you say in the commercial."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,I know. You kinda have to read the fine print at the bottom of the screen. It says I only ate a half-sized lean turkey sandwich with no mustard or mayo or anything like that and then had proper diet and exercise aides.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"But you're lying to people. If they knew that you didn't eat just all the sandwiches you want, you might not be so popular."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Y- you think so. Well, why... should it matter?"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"It matters, dude. [Jared begins to think...]"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Hmmm.
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Main Street, moments later. The boys walk along..."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,That penisbutt didn't lose weight eating sub sandwiches. He lost weight because he ate less of them and exercised.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Yeah, it's only in America that somebody can become famous just because they go from being a big fatass to not being a big fatass."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Oh-my-god! [turns around] You guys! I think I'm having a genius moment. Yes. Yes! Its coming to me now.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Tha- that's diarrhea.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Noo. Don't you see what this all means? Anybody could do what he did. What's to stop someone else from going to say, City Wok, and cutting a deal with them? Say they'll eat nothing but their Chinese food, but then eat only a little tiny bit of it and exercise."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,[following] Then City Wok could say their food makes them lose weight.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[softly] That's right Stan. [bolder] It's a cash cow, I tell you."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,That's a great idea!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Lose weight and make money... I tell you this is gonna be the greatest thing that Butters has ever done.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[surprised, steps backwards] Me?!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Weh- who do you think I'm talkin' about, Butters? Joyce de Witt?"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Oh, no, I thought you meant you. Eh, you're the fat one."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"I can't lose weight, Butters, 'cause I'm not fat. I'm big-boned. You can't slim down bones, stupid!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,But Butters isn't fat.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"That's my whole point. First we fatten him up, then we make the deal with City Wok, then take the weight back off."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"He's right. If Butters is naturally skinny, he'll be able to take the weight off faster."
