Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,Your mom's been out trying to find you a lawyer and a therapist. We've been doing all we can!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Dad, that thing we saw take Ned? It was ManBearPig. It was real!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,What are you talking about? It was just a bear.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"No, Dad. It's... [notices his dad's eyes switching back and forth from him to the TV] Why do you keep looking at the TV?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,What? Why? I dunno? What?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"[walks over to get a better look, then steps back, grabs the controller, and looks at Randy] You've been playing Red Dead Redemption?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,A little bit. I mean... when I'm not doing all this stuff for you
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,I thought you were working on getting me out!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"Sorry, I needed a little break!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,You're all the way to St. Denis?! That's like 40 hours of gameplay! How could you uh! Are you high right now?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"I'm a little high, yes!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Oh my God!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,Oh what?! I'm sorry! I'm sorry that I need to decompress with all this shit going on!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,I can't believe you would get high and play video games while your son is in jail! You're such an asshole!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,[gets in his face] Well at least I'm not a school shooter!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[walks up to him] It wasn't me! It was a demon named ManBearPig! [gives him the controller]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,"Oh whatever! [goes to the sofa and sits down, and begins playing] ""ManBearPig! ManBearPig!"" You sound like your freakin' grandpa!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Yeah, because I learned a lot about-! [stops himself] Whoa whoa, what are you talking about I sound like Grandpa?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,He had been talking about ManBearPig comin' since I was fuckin' 14. Nothin' new.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[turns away] Someone made a deal with it... a long time ago.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Randy,Do you know how to craft stamina tonics? [Stan glares back at Randy]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Broflovski Residence, night. Kyle comes in from the backyard through the sliding door. The house is dark, so he looks around carefully"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Mom? [goes to the living room] Dad? [walks upstairs to the master bedroom, opens the door, and looks in, then closes it. He goes to his room and sits on his bed. He looks up] I don't know if you can hear me. I-I feel so alone right now. I-I feel like the whole world is falling apart and somehow I'm supposed to do something but... I don't know what that is anymore. [the window lights up]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,[a ghostly image on the window] Fear not. Do not give up on yourself. You must keep believing.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Mr. Gore? Where have you been?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,It's me. Al Gore.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Yeah. Where have you been?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"You cannot lose faith, my child, even though everyone is ripping on you. Even though they don't believe you and they're saying you're just seeking attention because you lost the Presidency. You have to be strong!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Well what happened to you? Are you dead or something?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,No! not dead! Just merely using a flashlight on the glass to apply the Pepper's ghost technique.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"What, what? [turns around] Oh, god damn it. [Gore turns off the flashlight and turns on the bedroom light]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"You see my point? Things aren't always as they appear. You have to stay strong, my little crusader."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,I can't do this alone. I need help.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"I did, too. Didn't get it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"What more do you want from me?? I've atoned for my mistake. I'm sorry that we were getting a lot of different information at the time. You know, even you were wrong about a lot of the things you said would happen a-"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,[puts his hand to his ear] What's that?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Nothing. I didn't mean-
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"See you later, alligator. [turns and walks out.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[gives chase] No, no, no, no! I'm sorry! [follows him down the stairs] I am sorry, please! I'm cereal! Ah, I didn't mean to say you were wrong, just that some of your predictions didn't happen-"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"Oh yeah, you're real cereal. [they reach the front door. Gore opens it and is about to step out]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Please, please, please! [Gore turns to look at him] I'll do anything! I just want everyone to be safe!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,All I was doing was trying to be your mentor. You know who my mentor was? Me! Al Gore!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Outside the doorway, a chiming sound is heard as the spirit version of Al Gores fades in and stands on the sidewalk"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"Hello, Al Gore."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"[gasps as he looks at his spirit] It's him! Just in time, too. Thanks for coming in my time of crisis, Al Gore! [closes the door. Kyle just stands there looking at it.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Jared, day. The building is covered with blood and police tape and has damaged windows. There are several bodies scattered all over the place. One officer puts up roadblocks, another takes notes. In the background, Yates surveys the damage with other officers and a group of forensic scientist in lab coats."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 7,"Sorry to call you down, sir, but this is a bad one."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Oh no, that's fine. [takes out a pack of cigarettes and taps it on his wrist. He then pulls one out and returns the pack to his shirt pocket.] I finally arrest four school shooters and can play some Red Dead Redemption, and then I get a call about another school shooting. [takes out a lighter and lights up his cigarette.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 7,"This one really doesn't look like a school shooting, sir. Five different witnesses say it was definitely... ManBearPig."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"God damn it! There's no such thing as a ManBearPig! [The scientists and officers stop examining the scene and look at Yates] You got that?? We're working with facts here, not goofball theories!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 7,"Yea, but sir, all the forensic scientists say there are bear and pig footprints-"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Fuck scientists! [The scientists and officers stop again and look at Yates] Why are you trying to figure out what's going with scientists?! The only thing I want to know is who committed this school shooting, since our school-shooting suspects are in jail!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 1,"Detective! [runs into view] Detective, we just got word from the station. The four shooting suspects broke out a while ago."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Oh well, there you go! It was them again! Gee, I didn't need any freakin' scientists to figure that out, did I?! Get 'em outta here! [the forensic scientists are escorted away] Now how the fuck did those kids break out of my jail?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 1,"Jenkins said they tricked him. Said they could show him a way to fast-travel in Red Dead Redemption by upgrading his camp, and then they just took off."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,[in a low voice] There's a way to fast-travel if you upgrade your camp? [thinks a moment] Jesus... [puts his hand on the back of the officer and then looks around as they take a few steps forward] You'd better start from the beginning.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Shady Acres Retirement Community, exterior. evening"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Shady Acres Retirement Community, interior. Commons area. A group of elderly residents are sitting down and watching the news on the television set."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Reporter,"[off screen] More damage and destruction today as the death toll rises to the hundreds. [the reporter is now shown, standing in front of a Denny's that is covered in blood and has police tape around it.] Some see this as evidence ManBearPig might be real, while others say ManBearPig is a fabrication for political gains- [ManBearPig comes up from behind and attacks the reporter. Marvin Marsh is focused on the report]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[off screen] Grandpa?! [Marvin sits up with his jaw dropped as Stan comes into view a few feet behind him.] What did you do?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Oh, Billy. [chuckles] My grandson come to visit."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"This isn't the first time ManBearPig has shown up, is it?! What happened?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Billy, I have Alzheimer's. I don't even remember what happened this morning."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Cut the shit, Grandpa! You people knew! You made a deal with that thing!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Margaret,We thought we'd be dead by now. We didn't think we'd have to live to see the consequences.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Aw, great! Just tell the whole world, Margaret! [zips past her in his wheelchair]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[follows him down the dorm hallway] Why did you old people make a deal?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"We had a right to be happy too, you know?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,And you just signed away the future?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,We didn't want to have to give the demon his stuff back!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,What stuff?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"All our cars [turns his wheelchair around], and premium boutique ice cream."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"You couldn't control yourselves, so now that thing is here to kill all of us! Good fuckin' job, Grandpa!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Broflovski Residence, backyard, night. Cartman and Kenny pound on the sliding door. Kyle opens up"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Kyle, come on. We've gotta go."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Go where?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"I had a vision, Kyle. Al Gore's ghost visited me."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Al Gore isn't dead.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Well his ghost visited me, Kyle. He said he had a plan, and we needed to go. Are you in or not?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,"(Yeah, are you in or not?) [Kyle stays silent]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The woods, night. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny walk through it in the dark. Cartman has the flashlight"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"We shouldn't be out here. We're wanted by the police. [some growling and howling is heard, with the sound of cracking branches]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Shhh. What was that?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(Sounds like a fuckin' werewolf!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,This is where Al Gore told me to go. [more growling is heard as Cartman moves his flashlight around]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(What the fuck is that?!) [points to something. Satan jumps into the beam of light with a display of might]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,It's Satan.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"What are you doing here, Satan?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,I was told to come here by the spirit of Al Gore.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Us too. But why? [The spirit of Al Gore suddenly appears and floats next to Kyle]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"Remember... even though I am gone, you must still work together."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Work together how??
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the ones who are actually cereal. [to the others] You cannot lose hope. There is still much you need to know.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Yates house. Harrison arrives and is about to open his front door when he hears a shooting and screams, then the sound of a galloping horse. He then knows what's going on."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Oh, you'd better not- [goes inside and throws his hat and jacket down] You bitch! [Maggie squeals in fright and stands up] You're playing Red Dead Redemption, aren't you?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,[angrily] So what of it?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"What did I tell you about playing on my saved game, Maggie?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,"No! No, this is my life now, Harrison Yates! I started over, with me own saved game!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,What are you talking about?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,"See for yourself. [puts the game controller in his hand] You and all your talk o'wantin' your own life! I wanted somethin' new too! [walks behind Yates to his left side, as he begins to check out the stats] I started over in the snow and worked my way up to the new gang leader! I have thousands of dollars o'me own! [walks behind Yates to his right side]I built a house with John Marston! I'm helpin' his family now!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,[steps forward and presses some buttons] You fucking slut!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,"[turns and points her finger into Yates' face]That's right, Harrison Yates! And what have you got?! [walks behind Yates to his left side] A basic starter horse and the $20 gambler's that you won at a poker match! I'm twice the man you are now!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,Don't you talk to me like that!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,I'll talk however I want! [walks behind Yates to his right side] I've completed every hunting side mission! Found seven legendary animals! [crosses her arms over her chest]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,Found them where?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Maggie,I'm not tellin'! You wanted your now life and now you got it! [walks out of the room]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,Maggie! [breaks down onto his knees and weeps] Nwaaahahahahaha...
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"In the woods at night, Spirit Gore has been speaking to the boys and Satan"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"And in conclusion, let me just say that you are the future. You cannot give up hope. I brought you all together because I believe in you."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,The boys and Satan are sitting on a log. Satan looks rather bored while the boys try to understand what Spirit Gore is saying.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Okay, but what do you want us to-?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"And sometimes, believing is all that we need to be cereal. [disappears. Suddenly, a set of end credits roll in his place with Al Gore credited for everything, showing that this was pre-taped]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Credits? [some clapping is heard. The boys turn around and see Al Gore by a movie projector]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,Did you guys like my movie?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,What are you doing?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"Exactly. I'm trying to get you to ask ""What would Al Gore do?"""
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,Make a movie starring you.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"Yes, to get you all to not give up. To get you to fight!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"[to Gore as he walks away from the log] You don't understand. There is no fight. [turns to the boys] A deal was made. We do not know by whom. But this demon has grown stronger, and no mortal can do anything to stop it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,[gets off the log] No mortal. But what about you?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,Why would I help mankind?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Satan, come on. Are you really gonna stand there and not say you appreciate all the nice things humans have done for you lately? I mean, not sure if you've noticed, but we're pretty much doing things your way up here"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"[turns around again and contemplates] I... must admit, people up here on Earth have been doing a lot of my work for me lately. Maybe... maybe it is time I did something for them."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"A picture frame is shown, being held up by a pair of small hands. Inside, a picture of a younger Marvin Marsh, smiling and sitting in the driver's seat of a 1978 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am and holding a triple scoop of ice cream in his left hand."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"[off screen] We were all young and foolish back then, Billy. We didn't think about the future. We just wanted things. [Stan is the one holding the picture while Marvin is looking out the window in his room] This creature shows up, and it seemed like a good deal for everyone in town."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[puts the frame down and turns to Marvin] You didn't stop to think about what it would mean for us?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"[turns his wheelchair around to face Stan] Aw Billy, it's not that simple. We thought about it. But our town was so tiny back then. We just, we wanted nice things other people had."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,And you didn't give two shits what it would mean for your grandchildren.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,I didn't think I'd have grandkids. I didn't even want children. That's why I always came on Gram Gram's tits.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[closes his eyes] Aaaah.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"But then, one night, I'm having sex with your grandma, and she sticks her finger in my ass. She had sometimes licked my ass before, [Stan looks at him in disbelief] but this was the first time she used her finger, and I came inside her like that. [slaps his left hand with his right] I pulled out and your grandma was like ""Did you just come in me?"", and I was like ""Well, you stuck your finger in my ass."" And that's basically why you're here, Billy."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,This is supposed to make me feel better?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,I'm just saying that I wasn't thinking about the future because your father was supposed to be nothing but dried-up crust on Gram Gram's titties.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,You... people... made a deal with ManBearPig! How?! Where?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"It doesn't matter, Billy. It's too late now."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Tell me how the deal happened so that I can try to make it go away!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. People are running all over the place and screaming. ManBearPig chases after them."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 2,"[running] No! No! [ManBearPig catches him, tears into him, and bites into his back]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"[offscreen] ManBearPig! [approaches ManBearPig slowly, deliberately, like a sheriff in the Old West. He roars. ManBearPig roars back and faces Satan. They run at each other. ManBearPig leaps onto a car and swipes at Satan, sending him to the ground. The impact sets off car alarms. Satan gets up and turns around. They run at each other again. ManBearPig throws Satan into a building, but Satan bounces right back. They grapple for a few seconds, but ManBearPig grabs Satan's left horn and rips it off] Aaaargh!!! [ManBearPig drives the horn into Satan's chest] Aaaaarch!!! [ManBearPig grabs Satan and throws him to the ground, then punches him a few times. ManBearPig delivers one last left hook and runs away. Satan coughs as townspeople gather around. The boys run up just in time to see him die]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Satan!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,[weakly] H-hey. Hey kids. [coughs] I'm sorry.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[he and the other boys are starting to tear up] No. Satan, you can't die."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,"Everyone dies. I just wish I could have helped you. [coughs again] Oh God, it hurts."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"We can't do this without you, Satan."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,You have to. You have to keep trying.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"If you can't stop ManBearPig, how can we be-??"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,You have to keep trying!! [coughs] You... have to believe. [grunts and then finally succumbs to his injuries]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(No...)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 3,Satan's dead. [a bell tolls]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Come back. Come back. [a light appears around Satan's body, and his spirit rises from it. As he rises to Heaven, a small bell tolls and he gets angel wings and a halo.]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Satan,[softly] Goodbye.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[tears streaming from his face] Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,A new show appears on TV
Nobody Got Cereal?,Hugh,"And now, on Park County Public access, ""Should We Start To Worry?"" with your host, Jim Kimble."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jim,"As our town continues to burn to the ground, Satan has been slaughtered and sent to Heaven. Should we start to worry? Joining me now, an expert on our county resources and preparedness, Alec Vaughn. Alec, should we start to worry?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Alec,"Jim, I think we should definitely consider starting to worry. Satan was one of the most powerful entities, supposedly, in the universe, and ManBearPig annihilated him like a bitch. I don't think we should waste any more time underestimating the importance of beginning to think about starting to worry."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Jim,"Also joining us is the former Vice-President, Al Gore. Mr. Gore, do you think it's time for us to deliberate the process of starting to worry?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,"If by worrying you mean getting cereal, then an empathic ""YES."""
Nobody Got Cereal?,Guest,I don't think there's any more room for not considering underestimating the importance of beginning to start the process of mulling over the conceptualization of starting to worry. And the time to do it is... very soon.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"[walks behind the host's chair] Hey, what are you doing?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Spirit Gore,I'm being a spiritual mentor. These people are depending on me.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Gore,"No, they're depending on me! I'm depending on you, goofball!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, exterior, night. Two mangled bodies lay on the sidewalk as a flaming car with people screaming inside rolls by. Faint sirens are heard nearby"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, 4th grade classroom. Kyle looks down from a classroom window. Cartman and Kenny sit at their desks in the empty classroom."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"[leaves the window] All right, looks like we're clear."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"I can't believe it's the weekend, and I'm at school!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,This is the best place to hide.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Why? Of all the places we could hide, why do I have to sit here in school?!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Where's the last place anyone would think we would hide? The scene of our supposed crime, dummies! We're safe here."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,I'd rather be in jail than at school. [the doorknob sounds]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,(Oh shit!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,[opens the door and looks in] Guys? Guys!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,Stan!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Guys, thank God! Just stay right there, Grandpa! [Marvin sits in his wheelchair in the middle of the school hallway, looking bitter] I know all about the deal. I know what we have to do."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,How'd you find us here?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,I figured you guys would be hiding somewhere. This is the first place I thought to look.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,[arms folded] (Uh huh!)
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,"Yeah, I guess we're dummies, huh Kenny?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kenny,"(Yeah, I guess we're dummies.)"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Guys, listen: my stupid grandpa and a bunch of other old people made the deal with ManBearPig. It's here because of their greediness."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,[from the hallway] Everyone's greedy!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Shut up, Grandpa! I know where to go, but I need your help. I'm going to face ManBearPig and put an end to this deal."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,Are you crazy? We just saw ManBearPig take down Satan. What the hell are we supposed to do against it?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,We have to try. [police sirens are heard approaching]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,Attention school shooters... again. [the boys head to the window and look out through it]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, exterior, night. A group of armed SPPD officers stand outside the school. A few townspeople stop to observe."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,We have you surrounded... again. Come out with your hands up!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Cartman,[Looking at Kyle who is peaking through the window blinds] We just sat in school... for nothing!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front entrance, night. A spotlight is pointed to the front entrance doors. The boys soon come out with Marvin"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Listen! We know what to do now!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,Drop to the ground and put your hands on your heads!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,No! I need to face ManBearPig!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Officer 8,We have orders! You're coming with us!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Yates,"Belay those orders! [the officers look left. Yates approaches the boys and Marvin. He then paces back and forth in front of the spotlight.] I've been a fool, denying ManBearPig's existence, and I didn't realize it till I went home. My wife... had started a new life without me.. I wanted to give up, but instead, I robbed a bank at St. Denis and a went to an island north of Cuba. [the townspeople look at each other] After I came back, that's when it all caught up with me. All the stagecoaches I had robbed, all the horses I had stole, for what?! [the police officers are shown listening to Yates] We're nothing if we don't believe in each other! And Goddamnit, it's never too late to start trying to do the right thing. You think you know what that is, boys?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Yes I do. We're going to face ManBearPig and put an end to this deal once and for all.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"A courtroom office, day. A lawyer has paperwork set out for the boys to sign"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"Okay, [lifts up some pages in the packet and highlights some lines] sign here and here. [hands the paperwork to Stan] These documents state merely that you've been granted power of attorney by your town and that you wish to attempt to void the current agreement."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,'Kay.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"Since this is a renegotiation, [highlights more text on another set of documents] you agree that ManBearPig has right to compensation for termination, and you will give up all rights to specified assets. [hands the paperwork to Stan]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Yes. Yes, we agree to give back cars and ice cream. [ManBearPig grumbles off screen]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"Uh, let me confer with my client. [ManBearPig is now shown sitting next to the lawyer, wearing a business suit and grunts quietly] Uh huh. Got it. Yes. My client says that he- [ManBearPig grunts quietly] 'Kay. [ManBearPig grunts some more] Uh, mm-hmm. ManBearPig has no interest in you giving up cars and ice cream."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Kyle,"Well, what's he want everyone to give up?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Park County Courthouse, exterior, day. A large crowd awaits the results of the negotiation"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 4,There! There he is! There he is!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 5,Is it over?!
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"[speaking from an open window on the upper floor] Um, he says he'll never come back again, but... we have to give up soy sauce and Red Dead Redemption 2."
Nobody Got Cereal?,All,...Ohhhhh.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Townsman 6,...Just plain rice?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"...Yeah, that's what I thought. [goes back to the table] Um, could we possibly talk about restructuring a new deal?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,[off screen] Uh huh! Uh huh! [sitting at the edge of the table]
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"No, no. Just like, um, can we do, like, a renegotiation?"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"All right, sign here and here [lifts up some of the pages on a new set of documents and highlights some text] that you are entering a renegotiation with ManBearPig. [hands the paperwork to Stan]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Where do I sign that?
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,Right there.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,Okay.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Marvin,"Yeah, I thought so. [the camera zooms out to show a wider angle of the room]"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"Shut up, Grandpa!"
Nobody Got Cereal?,Scene Description,"The Park County Courthouse, exterior, day. the camera continues to zoom out and shows more of the crowd waiting outside while the parties continue to negotiate off screen."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,And sign here that ManBearPig has rights to the lives of all the children in Third World countries.
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"'Key, got it."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Lawyer,"And you agree to ignore ManBearPig until he returns in five years, in which time the carnage will be a thousand-fold."
Nobody Got Cereal?,Stan,"'Kay, where do I sign that?"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A very blurry image appears onscreen, but it begins to sharpen ever so slowly... It's Cartman, thinking back over the season's events."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"I don't know where to start. First, it was all the school shootings, then these Wi-Fi scooters showed up, and now we know that ManBearPig is real and we could all be dead in a matter of years."
Buddha Box,Doctor,[slowly] And you believe this all relates somehow to the movie Black Panther not being as good as everyone says it was?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"I know there's a connection. But that isn't what matters. I can't deal with people anymore. It's just... everyone sucks so hard, you know? Everybody is so stupid. And they all walk around going ""Nya na chai cha nyachacha chai cha."" And the only thing that makes me happy, the only thing I can trust... is this. [holds up his phone] But... all people do is try to keep me from it. [memories show up onscreen.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Cartman's Bedroom. He is reclining back with his legs on top of his computer desk, smiling...while playing with his phone. Liane stops by and opens the door."
Buddha Box,Cartman,I'll be in my room and my mom will come in and say...
Buddha Box,Liane,"[Cartman imitates her]""Eric, that's enough time on your phone!"" [she leaves as Cartman frowns, then lowers his eyelids]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, forth grade classroom. Cartman is on his phone again, smiling, while Mrs. Nelson has some multiplication problems written on the chalkboard."
Buddha Box,Cartman,And then at school...
Buddha Box,Mrs. Nelson,"[Cartman imitates her] ""Eric!"" [he stops looking at his phone as Mrs. Nelson addresses him] ""What are you doing? You can't use your phone at school!"" [Cartman begins to frown again]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground. Some of the forth grade boys are playing football and trying to block each other. Cartman is on his phone again, smiling and holding the football, with his back turned towards the game."
Buddha Box,Cartman,And even my friends. My own friends! They'll be like...
Buddha Box,Stan,"[Cartman imitates him] ""Hey Cartman! Throw us the ball. You're the goddamn quarterback!"" [Cartman droops]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,Doctor's office. Cartman is back on the chair.
Buddha Box,Cartman,"It's like, everybody needs something from me. All I want is a little time with my phone instead of always listening to people's needy bullshit. [a second or two of silence, then Cartman looks over and sees the doctor playing with his own phone.]"
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Oh ahh, d'ya, sorry. Just... [puts his phone away] Uh, well, you know, young people have so much to deal with today. I believe that what you have is... anxiety."
Buddha Box,Cartman,Anxiety? Is that cool?
Buddha Box,Doctor,"It's pretty common these days. What it really is, more than anything is an excuse to be lazy and lame to everyone around you."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[sits up] Oh my God, that's perfect!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. He's playing on his smartphone when a call comes in on the school's intercom"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm busy. [the intercom beeps again]
Buddha Box,Ms. Blaze,Mr. Principal?
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm busy doing stuff! [beep] What?!
Buddha Box,Ms. Blaze,The vice principal needs to speak with you. She says it's urgent. [PC Principal sighs]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,The Vice Principal's office. PC Principal arrives there looking around
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,"[surprising him] Oh, PC Principal!"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Uh-uh yes?
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,Are you going in to see the vice principal? I really need to speak with her.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Uh yeah, we just uh, we're having an important scheduling to go over."
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,"Everything is okay with you two? There's no more ""inappropriate behavior""? You know, as a counselor, I'm here to-"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"That's in the past, Mackey! We've paid our dues, and we're not hiding anything anymore."
Buddha Box,Mr. Mackey,"Mmm-m'kay. [turns left and continues on his way. PC Principal turns around and opens the door, then goes in]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Vice Principal's office, inside. The office is a nursery and the PC babies are throwing stuff around and crying."
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[frustrated] I could use a little help here!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,What's going on??
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Riley said a word her sister felt was insensitive to Muslims. Now they're all upset.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"All right, what word did you use, Riley?!"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"She just said ""Aba daba."""
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Look, can't we put them in a daycare?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"Oh, yeah. That would be really smart. If anybody sees them, they're gonna figure out you're the father."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Well maybe they won't!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"You wanna risk that? The babies have to stay hidden because if people know the truth, then you're not PC and I'm not strong! [she leaves the office, looking both ways before closing the door]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A restaurant, day. Cartman is at a table waiting for service, but also on his phone tapping away"
Buddha Box,Waiter,"[arrives, smiling] All right, can I take your order? [Cartman ignores him until he speaks again] Excuse me. [Cartman puts his hand up for a moment] What would you like, sir?"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Just a God- can you wait?! Isn't that your job?! Aren't you a wait-er?! [the waiter walks away, eyeing him. Cartman starts a video game. The noise from the game eventually catches the attention of a nearby diner]"
Buddha Box,Diner,"Hey, could you turn your phone down, kid? This is a restaurant."
Buddha Box,Cartman,It just so happens I have anxiety! That means I have trouble being around assholes who won't leave me alone! [leaves his chair]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The streets downtown. Cartman walks down a sidewalk when a cyclist whizzes past him and rings the bike's bell. He looks but lets it go and continues walking. He crosses an intersection. He then approaches Tele's, where the owner is sweeping the front entrance and then notices Cartman."
Buddha Box,Tele's owner,"Oh, hello, Eric."
Buddha Box,Cartman,Shut up. I have anxiety. [approaches another intersection when an elderly man tries to get his attention]
Buddha Box,Pedestrian,Hey kid! [Cartman is visibly annoyed] Hey kid!
Buddha Box,Cartman,[turns around and yells out in anger] I'm on my phone!!
Buddha Box,Pedestrian,You're about to get hit by a car! [a car goes by behind Cartman]
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[just angered] All right, that's it! Everyone stop! Just fucking stop right now! [traffic stops moving and everyone stops to listen] Listen up, people! I have anxiety! That means I'm in my shell and have a hard time expressing myself! I find it difficult to engage with others! So everyone shut the fuck up because my anxiety is up here right now!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,A commercial. Zen music plays as the camera pans down to a Buddha statue in a garden complete with waterfall
Buddha Box,Announcer,We live in a world of many distractions. It's hard to find peace.
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A woman sits alone on a park bench on a sidewalk, looking at her phone. She then notices people all around her are looking at their phones as well"
Buddha Box,Announcer,"In the hustle and bustle of modern times, we've lost the one thing we all need. [The scene freezes with the woman now smiling and the caption, ""More quality one-on-one time with our phone"" appears next to her]. More quality one-on-one time with our phone."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A blonde female pulls up a cardboard box from the bottom of the screen and holds it up, revealing it to be the Buddha Box."
Buddha Box,Announcer,"But now you can have it with Buddha Box. [a cardboard box with a ""DO NOT DISTURB"" sticker on the front, a drawing of Buddha above the product name ""Buddha Box"" and an antenna on the side. The woman proceeds to put it over her head] Simply fit the patented box on your head and set its Bluetooth to your mobile device."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A 3D rendered model of the Buddha Box with its internal workings is shown, along with the captions ""FRONT PROJECTION 4K SCREEN"", ""CELLULAR ANTENNA"" and ""NOISE CANCELLING HEADPHONES"""
Buddha Box,Announcer,"Inside Buddha Box, your phone is projected two inches from your face, and the noise-canceling headphones let you hear your phone without any outside noise, giving you peace from..."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Inside a car that is stuck in traffic, an Uber driver is talking non-stop while a businessman in the backseat is visibly annoyed."
Buddha Box,Announcer,That annoying Uber driver who wants to talk. [the businessman puts the Buddha Box over his head while the driver doesn't seem notice.]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,A business office. A female office worker is at her cubicle and using her smartphone. A male co-worker starts to approach her.
Buddha Box,Announcer,"Those people at work who act like they need stuff. [As the co-worker is about to speak to her, she notices and immediately puts the Buddha Box over head and goes back to her phone]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A living room. A blonde male turns and looks into the camera as his three kids run around the room, playing with toy swords and a rocket and then jump on the couch."
Buddha Box,Man,"I want to be enlightened, like the Buddha, but I've got these fucking kids."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A family dining room. The blonde male has the Buddha Box over his head and plays with his phone, while his wife desperately tries to calm the kids down."
Buddha Box,Announcer,"Let Buddha Box take you to a place of peace and serenity, [the man is transported from the dining room to a heavenly atmosphere, floating above the clouds...while still looking at his phone] where you can have quality, uninterrupted time with your phone."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,A bedroom. A woman is sitting on her bed and removes the Buddha Box from her head.
Buddha Box,Woman,"I was stressed out and feeling anxious. After just 8 to 10 hours in Buddha Box, I feel refreshed and ready to take on anything."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,The woman's husband appears by the door and leans in to talk to her.
Buddha Box,Husband,"Babe, can you please come say hi to my mother while she's here? [she just reaches over and drops the Buddha Box on her head and picks up her phone]"
Buddha Box,Announcer,"[The Buddha Box is shown rotating as it approaches the center of the screen] Order Buddha Box today and you too can have that quiet, quality time with your phone. Like... the Buddha. [The Buddha Box logo is shown. Suddenly it has a Buddha Box over its head and a phone in its hands]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman stands in the hallway with his Buddha Box on. Kevin walks past him, staring. Kyle and Stan walk around the corner and stop when they reach him"
Buddha Box,Kyle,What the hell is that?
Buddha Box,Stan,I think it's Cartman.
Buddha Box,Kyle,What is it doing?
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Inside the Buddha Box. A close up of Cartman's face is shown, along with reflections from his iPhone screen, though they are all reversed."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[out loud, but the Buddha Box is soundproof, so no one else can hear him] Ha! That's so sweet! [A Youtube page with an image of a guy covered in pasta titled ""Guy hit by pasta!"" and has 67,453 views] That video seriously made me laugh! [closes the app and returns to the iPhone home screen] Let me check my e-mail again! [opens an email app] Oh man, nothing from Lorenz yet? Whatever. Weak.[returns to the iPhone home screen] Oh! I gotta see that post from Clyde again! [goes and opens Instagram. A post from ""ClydeTheMan"" is shown, with a selfie of Clyde smugly looking into the camera. Behind him is Butters, who appears to be unconscious and laying on his back out on the sidewalk. It has the caption, ""Guess who I found? #dead"" and 110 likes. Kyle and Stan stay by Cartman until the bell rings, then they go to class.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The boys bathroom. Craig is at the urinal. Somehow, Cartman makes his way inside and wanders over to the urinals. He stands right next to Craig and drops through."
Buddha Box,Craig,"Dude! [Cartman bumps into him] Dude, what the hell are you doing?!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,What? What? Who is that?
Buddha Box,Craig,Get off of me!!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[raises his Buddha Box] Oh, sorry Craig. Didn't see you there."
Buddha Box,Craig,"Yeah, 'cause you got a stupid box on your head! [finishes up, zips up his pants, and flushes the urinal, then walks away]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh, there's nothing stupid about it. Don't you wish you had a way to deal with your anxiety?"
Buddha Box,Craig,"[stops, then turns around] My anxiety?"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"I see it in you, Craig. With your parents and relationships? Imagine being able to shut them out for a little while, Craig, so you can focus on what matters. With Buddha Box you can cut out all the unwanted noise. Not have to deal with conversations that are of no interest to you."
Buddha Box,Craig,"Well, I have to admit: sometimes, when me and Tweek are together it's... it's like he wants my atten- [Thump. Cartman has lowered his Buddha Box over his head. Craig turns around, dismayed, and walks out. Cartman turns left and steps up to the urinal]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Fourth Grade classroom, day. The bell rings and Mrs. Nelson walks up to the chalkboard to erase the multiplication problems that were there"
Buddha Box,Ms. Nelson,"All right, children, we have a lot to go over for today's quiz. Who can tell me where we left off? [turns around and notices Cartman wearing his Buddha Box] Eric. [no reaction] Eric Cartman."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Inside the Buddha Box. A close up of Cartman's face is shown, along with reflections from his iPhone screen, though they are all reversed."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[looking at the website, ""Thrown Tomatoes"", with a picture and reviews for the movie ""Creed II""] Thirty-four million dollars box office? How the hell does Creed II do $34 million opening weekend? [begins to flip through his apps] What's the weather like tomorrow? [The weather forecast screen shows it is 22 degrees and sunny in South Park] Oh, it's snowing? I gotta tell Lorenz. I- [as he attempts to access the email app, the Box comes off his head, and the light blinds his eyes] Whoa, whoa! Hey!"
Buddha Box,Mrs. Nelson,[holding Cartman's Buddha Box] What do you think you're doing?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Excuse me, that's my Buddha Box."
Buddha Box,Ms. Nelson,You aren't using this during class time.
Buddha Box,Cartman,"It relaxes me. Ask my therapist. I have anxiety, you dumb bitch! [Mrs. Nelson and the rest of the class gasp at his remark]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Principal's office. Cartman has earned a trip there for calling his teacher a ""dumb bitch"""
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"I don't know what makes you think you're different from everyone else, but nobody gets away with slandering teachers at this school!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[to his phone] Uhuh. Aw man, that looks, that looks sweet."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Hey! [no reaction] HEY! [Cartman peeks out from under the box, then looks at PC Principal]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh, PC Principal. Hello."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Just what do you think you're doing?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[as Zen music plays] I'm letting go of stress and being calm, like the Buddha."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,There are no boxes on your head in school!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Hey. Whoa man, what's going on? Are you suffering from anxiety?"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,What are you talking about?
Buddha Box,Cartman,It's okay. I have it too. Anxiety is very real. But there is help for people like us.
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Strong Woman's living room, day. The PC Babies have taken over it and are causing damage as PC Principal sits on the sofa wearing a Buddha Box. Strong Woman comes in and surveys the damage"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,What the fuck are you doing?! [walks up and removes the Box from his head] Hey! What the fuck are you doing?!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Oh hey, I just needed to answer a couple of e-mails really fast."
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,With a box on your head?!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"I got one for you, too. [gets off the sofa and gets it to show her] It's Buddha Box. [no reaction] Look, you and I have been having a lot of problems. Clearly, what we both need is more quality one-on-one time with our phones."
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I don't need a box on my head to use the phone!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm sorry! [takes the box to the sofa and dumps it there] I was trying to be helpful! [gets his Buddha Box and leaves. One of the girls tries to pull a rabbit away from one of her brothers]
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"All right, Riley. Give that back to your brother. [the brother chases Riley. Another brother goes to an end table and pulls the lamp off it, breaking the light bulb] Bailey, no! [a third brother sees some paper wads and begins to chew on one of them] Harper, don't! Har-per! [picks up her phone and starts using it. Then she looks at the Buddha Box and puts it on her head. The babies stop crying and begin to crawl or walk away. They pass by the restroom. Riley stops to open the door to show PC Principal on the toilet, and Harper looks on. They then move out]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Montage. The babies leave the house and wander the town. Bailey sits on a mailbox drop slot. Riley slides off the hood of a car. Harper somehow got on the roof of a building. The other sister walks out of a shop. The kids then take a submarine and ride it in an aquarium with fish and an octopus in it. They study some restrooms and cry over the ""Male Only"" and ""Female Only"" designations. Then, they are shown flying upward into the sky with a rainbow behind them. Next, they're in a children's library as the librarian brings out ""The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"" from the American Classics shelf. The babies cry again. Finally the PC Babies logo comes up"
Buddha Box,All,PC Babies
Buddha Box,Lead Singer,They're comin' to your town
Buddha Box,All,PC Babies
Buddha Box,Lead Singer,The wokest kids around When there's something problematic They're sure to let you know. Making things fun and gender-neutral
Buddha Box,All,"Everywhere they go They're everybody's fave-sies They're PC babies, yeah!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Micro Brew, day."
Buddha Box,Patron 1,Hey Mike. What's that you're drinking?
Buddha Box,Mike,"This? Oh, it's a Cosmopolitan. I know, I know, it's a pussy drink. [some babies are heard crying.]"
Buddha Box,Patron 2,"[leans in a bit to say] Hey, be careful, guys. There are some PC babies over there. [the three gents approach the babies.]"
Buddha Box,Mike,"Oh great. Come on, I didn't mean pussy drink as in female genitalia. [the babies don't stop] Okay, I'm sorry! I'll order a Black Russian! [babies cry harder]"
Buddha Box,Barkeep,"Hey, what's all that racket down there?!"
Buddha Box,Patron 1,"Oh, there's some PC babies upset about certain drink descriptions."
Buddha Box,Barkeep,"Fine, we'll take them off the menu."
Buddha Box,Patron 1,Who's makin' a difference? Who's the future? [this brightens the babies' moods as they start to giggle.]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A soccer field, day. The South Park Cows are facing a visiting team. Kyle and Stan kick the ball back and forth until a visiting player intercepts it and drives toward the Cows' net."
Buddha Box,Kyle,"Here it comes! Block it! [the player kicks the ball towards the net. Cartman stands there oblivious that there's a game going on. The ball goes cleanly into the net. The player smiles as the whistle blows.] What the fuck, dude?!"
Buddha Box,Token,"What is your goddamn problem?! [he, Kyle, and Stan move towards him]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,[lifts up his Box] What's going on?
Buddha Box,Kyle,"They just scored again, you fat fuck!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry! I'm sorry I'm dealing with my anxiety! Do you know how hard it is for people with my condition to come out and even do things like this?! Living with anxiety is awful, huh Craig? [Craig is shown wearing a Buddha Box]"
Buddha Box,Kyle,"Can we get another goalie, please?!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh yeah! Sure! Yeah, because people with anxiety shouldn't be allowed to play sports! Right, Kyle?! [A Buddha Box sits on Cartman's head.] You know, our world is dark and scary enough without people like you making us feel inferior. [drops his Box over his head again, but lifts it up really quickly.] Asshole! [back down the Box goes]"
Buddha Box,Token,"Fuck this! [walks off angrily] My parents didn't come here to see their son lose by 20 points! Come on, Dad. Let's go! [his anger vanishes] Dad? [Steve Black and a few other parents in the stands are wearing their own Buddha Box]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Downtown, day. PC Principal drives Strong Woman through town searching for the babies"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,River?? Bailey?! Emory?!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,It's okay. We're gonna find them.
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I can't believe you were on your phone!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,You were on your phone too!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,It was my time to be on the phone! You were on yours all morning!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,You're seriously gonna make this all my fault?!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Yes!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Because last time I checked, you didn't even want me around as a partner to the PC Babies, even though I-"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"[rolls her eyes] Oh God, I'm not doing this again."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Even though you need me to do shit for you every [Strong Woman drops her Box over her head] 10 fuckin' minutes! You don't get to just say whatever you- [notices she's no longer listening] Oh. Okay, cool. Fine with me! I'm the one who has a fuckin' problem on their fuckin' phone! [looks at the scenery for a few seconds] You know, usually, I'm afraid to tell you what I really think, but you wanna know something? [looks over] You wanna- you wanna know what I really think? [at no point did Strong Woman remove her Box, and he just drops it.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Park County Recreation Center, day. The doctor is seated with several couples who need help - Tweek and Craig, Liane and Cartman, Ryan and Sarah, Token and Steve. Craig, Cartman, Sarah, and Steve are wearing Buddha Boxes"
Buddha Box,Doctor,Anxiety can make you feel unable to cope. But living with someone who has anxiety can be a bit of a roller coaster as well. We have to support our loved ones with their anxiety and try to understand their illness.
Buddha Box,Tweek,I just feel that Craig has changed so much lately! He barely even talks to me anymore!
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Well, because his anxiety make him feel like anything he says might sound wrong. That's why we must nurture our loved ones, so they feel safe."
Buddha Box,Liane,"Eric, I just feel like you have so much to offer the world, and it kills me that you're so afraid to let your inner you shine."
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[talking to his Buddha Box] Heh heh, that guy's such a douche. What was that... what was that one show he was on?"
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Maybe you, you wanna text him that? [Liane picks up her phone and sends Cartman a message]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh yeah, that's it. B.J. and the Bear. That show was so dumb. What kind of monkey was that, anyway? What was that- what was that monkey he always had- Wait. What the? What the hell is this? Oh God damnit. [lifts up his Box] Mom, will you stop texting me? I'm trying to relax!"
Buddha Box,Doctor,"Look, we're all just trying to understand this condition, and it's like you're not listening!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,We're doing everything we can to keep our anxiety under control! Do you think I even wanna be here right now?! I am freaking out!
Buddha Box,Token,Can we go now?
Buddha Box,Cartman,"[to his Buddha Box] Heheh, yeah. That's pretty cool."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"A construction site, day. The workers sit around until the foreman walks up"
Buddha Box,Foreman,"Hey! Hey, what's goin' on here?! Why aren't you people workin'?!"
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,"We can't keep buildin', sir. We got a bunch of protesters who won't let us work."
Buddha Box,Foreman,Protesters? Who?
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,"Ah, it's just a bunch of PC babies who think building this thing is wrong. [leads the foreman to the babies, who are all crying]"
Buddha Box,Foreman,"All right, all right! What do you PC babies want? [the crying continues]"
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,I guess they're upset because the new viaduct is being financed by a state rather than a county institution.
Buddha Box,Foreman,"Aw, come on PC Babies! Why does that matter?! [the crying continues]"
Buddha Box,Laborer 1,"I guess the state refused to finance a proposed program on race-relation education, an they see it as hypocritical."
Buddha Box,Foreman,"God damnit, not everyone cares about race-relation programs! Come on, PC Babies! We got a job to do! [the babies aren't budging and continue to cry]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. One officer walks around with a Buddha Box on his head while a desk officer talks to PC Principal and Strong Woman
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"All right, all right, just calm down, lady! You want to file a missing persons report?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"No! No, we don't want to file anything specific. We just need help finding some PC babies."
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,PC babies? They usually hang out at the liberal arts colleges. You could find some there.
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"Nono, it's five specific PC babies."
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"Tony, wasn't there a report of some PC babies down at the Mexican border?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"No! No, these PC babies wouldn't have gotten that far! They can barely walk. I'm their mother."
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"Hokay, okay. Last name?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Woman.
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,First name?
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[with a breaking voice] Strong.
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,"Okay, and you're the father?"
Buddha Box,Both,NO!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,I'm her superior at work!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,Don't be ridiculous!
Buddha Box,PC Principal,You think I took advantage of my position?!
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I'm not some two-bit floozy who goes around sleeping with her boss! I am a strong woman! Those kids were born naturally by in-vitro fertilization. [they begin to talk over]
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"I'm not Harvey Weinstein, all right?! I have nothing but respect for females at my workplace, and I would never compromise that position!"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"We'll uh, see what we can do. In the meantime you'll just have to take a seat and wait. [they go and find two seats next to a man wearing a Buddha Box. They look around, find some Buddha Boxes on the floor, and put them on.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Water Park, day. A line of people awaits a ride down a water slide called ""Hyperbowl"". At the head of the line now are Cartman, Kyle, and Stan. Cartman has his Buddha Box on and isn't getting on the slide"
Buddha Box,Kyle,Go! [no reaction] GO! [thumps the Box to get Cartman's attention]
Buddha Box,Cartman,What do you want?
Buddha Box,Kyle,Go down the slide or get out of the way!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"You think I even want to be here, Kyle?! My therapist told me I need to force myself to go out and do things to overcome my anxiety!"
Buddha Box,Kyle,"[to a nearby lifeguard] Can we move him, please?! [the lifeguard is revealed to be wearing a Buddha Box]"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh! Oh, I see! People with anxiety shouldn't be allowed at water parks. Is that it, Kyle? [jumps out of line] Hey everybody! Just so you know, Kyle thinks people with anxiety should just stay home! Yeah! I'm trying to come out of my shell, but Dr. Kyle here is just worried about his place in line."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's New York Splash, later. Cartman is sunning himself on a towel poolside with his Buddha Box."
Buddha Box,Kyle,[approaching] Get! Off! My! Towel! [knocks the Buddha Box off Cartman's head] Get off my towel!
Buddha Box,Cartman,God damnit! I seriously can't get a minute of peace! [goes to flip his Box upright as Kyle folds the towel up] Why is it that people who don't have a Buddha Box are always flipping Buddha Boxes off the heads of people with anxiety?!
Buddha Box,Kyle,"[Stan, Clyde, and Token look on] I got news for you, Cartman! Everyone has anxiety! Everyone gets nervous! Everyone is afraid being around people! Everyone has feelings they'd rather stay home alone! And you know what they do? They get over it. And they stop being a piece of shit!"
Buddha Box,Cartman,[subdued] Everyone has anxiety?
Buddha Box,Kyle,Yes!
Buddha Box,Cartman,"Oh my God. I know what I have to do now. Yo-you're right, Kyle! You're right! [hurries away]"
Buddha Box,Kyle,What? No. No! What did I just do?
Buddha Box,Stan,"Should have just let him be on his phone, dude."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Spinny Mountain Records, day"
Buddha Box,Record Producer,"You know what the kids like today? They like music that matters! I think you guys got what it takes to be the next big thing! The PC Babies! [the babies cry] That's what I'm talkin' about! That stuff is raw! Everyone loves you, PC Babies! We're gonna make you famous!"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The recording booth, moment later."
Buddha Box,Bruce,"All right, PC Babies, let's hear what you got. [Music plays as the babies start thrashing about and cry. Riley's on drums, Bailey's on banjo, Harper's on the piano, River is on the triangle, and Emory is on the xylophone. After a few seconds of recording, Bruce and the record producer hi-five each other.]"
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Police Station, day. The desk officer is writing on a clipboard while listening to the radio"
Buddha Box,DJ,"All right, South Park, and now here's that special treat we told you about. Live with us in the studio is a hot new band: The PC Babies. They're gonna perform their new song, which is about the injustice of white people in dreadlocks. It's called ""Weeaaagh."" [the song recorded earlier plays. The desk officers starts to move his head and snap his fingers to the music. Strong Woman and PC Principal eventually notice]"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[raises her Buddha Box] Riley?
Buddha Box,PC Principal,[raises his Buddha Box] Tha-that's Bailey!
Buddha Box,Desk Officer,[continues moving his head and snapping his fingers] It's the PC Babies. Guess they're all the rage now.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Cone on! [the couple bolts from their chairs]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"The Mayor's Office, day. Cartman is talking to the Mayor and her aides, now sporting a shaved head, wearing a bathrobe and towel like a Buddhist monk, with his Buddha Box beside him"
Buddha Box,Cartman,"To quiet one's mind, one must have a dialog with one's self. I have found enlightenment. But there are so many others who suffer. It's very important to take the time to shut out the outside world. In the Hindu religion, there's a saying, ""Namaste."" It means ""fuck you, I have anxiety."" At first I thought it was only a few of us, but then something was said to me by Kyle. He said ""Eric, my friend, everyone has anxiety."" I know what you're thinking: ""Fuck Kyle."" And normally I would agree with you, but hear his words. Everyone has anxiety. We must recognize this disease as an epidemic. Yes, fuck Kyle, but Mayor, we have to raise money to get everyone who has anxiety the tools they need to cope."
Buddha Box,Mayor McDaniels,And how do YOU think we get that money? How do YOU suggest we do this?
Buddha Box,Cartman,Namaste.
Buddha Box,Johnson,Na-ma-ste.
Buddha Box,Cartman,Fuck you too.
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"WXFU 88.3, day. The secretary has a Buddha Box on her head. The babies and the record producer step off the elevator and head towards the exit."
Buddha Box,Record Producer,"That was far out, PC Babies! You really rocked the airwaves! Now come on! We got a photo shoot at 5! [PC Principal and Strong Woman burst through the doors]"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Kids! [they run past the producer towards the kids.]
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,You're okay! Thank God!
Buddha Box,Record Producer,Who the hell are you??
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[her and PC Principal pick up the babies] I'm their... vice principal.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"Yea, and ah-I'm their principal. We need to get these kids back to school."
Buddha Box,Record Producer,"You can't do that! These are the PC Babies! Don't you know how big they are?! In just one day they protested a bar, stopped construction of a problematic viaduct, and wrote a hit single about cultural appropriation!"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,They.... did all that?
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Oh my God. They had their first protests... and we missed it. We missed everything because... we were on our phones.
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"I've always used the phone as a way to deal with the stress of having babies nobody could know the truth about, but... it's only made it worse."
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"You know what we have to do, right?"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,"Yeah, I think so."
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, cafeteria, day. a PTA meeting is taking place"
Buddha Box,PC Principal,"All right everyone, listen up. The vice principal and I have been discussing student health, and it's our firm belief that they need, and what we all need, is less time on our phones. [the attendees are shown, every last one of them in a Buddha Box tapping away on their phones.] Yes, yes I know it's an unpopular idea, but just hear me out, please. Our phones are the cause of stress, not the relief from it. We are banning phones and Buddha Boxes, and we suggest you all strictly limit their use at home as well. [continued constant tapping]"
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,[observing the room] I don't think anyone's listening to you.
Buddha Box,PC Principal,Yeah... Nobody's listening. And nobody's watching. [puts down the microphone]
Buddha Box,Strong Woman,I guess we can wait and ban the boxes tomorrow? [they kiss]
Buddha Box,Scene Description,"Montage. ""Today"" by Brad Paisley begins to play. While they kiss, people on the sidewalk in front of the school walk around wearing Buddha Boxes.PC Principal check to see if the coast is clear, then pulls Strong Woman and the five babies out. With everyone wearing Buddha Boxes, the family walks around town happy and free. Next they walk through Downtown. A man crosses the street and is struck by a car, flipping over it and landing on his stomach. Both driver and pedestrian are wearing Buddha Boxes. The parents just gather up the PC babies, knowing they're safe from harm. Next, they're having a picnic at the park. Next, they're in Aspen skiing down the bunny slope. One of the babies slips, and everyone else follows suit. Next, they walk past a fire pit in the lodge. Last scene is of the family eating at Buca de Fagoncini"
Buddha Box,Brad Paisley,You keep brushing that hair back out of your eyes And it just keeps falling and so do I I am feeling like the luckiest man alive Today And I don't know about tomorrow Right now the whole world feels right And the memory of a day like today Can get you through the rest of your life
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The Stotch garage, day. Butters is working on his bike, trying to make it stand out"
Unfulfilled,Butters,"Oh, boy! This is looking so great. [Stephen enters and takes a safety vest from the coat rack by the door] Hey, Dad! The big bike parade is this weekend. How's it look? First prize is $50!"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"[frustrated] What are you saying, that our family needs cash?! I'm busting my ass trying to make ends meet! You wanna go live with Kim Kardashian?! She's better than me 'cause she's got money?! Fuck you, son! [leaves and slams the door. Butters' smile stays]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The Stotch kitchen, moments later. Stephen enters and puts on the vest"
Unfulfilled,Linda,Butters really loves that bike parade.
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[frustrated] I don't need to be reminded every ten minutes that money's tight! [Linda puts her hands together and looks down. He sighs] I'm sorry. It's just this new job. It can be such a grind.
Unfulfilled,Linda,[consoles him] You work too hard at that place.
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[takes Linda's hands and holds them] Kids these days just don't understand how much their parents break their back to provide.
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,"[from outside] Come on, Stotch! [Stephen goes to the front door and opens it]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Stotch Residence, exterior. Outside, the gruff worker stands in front of a copper colored sedan, along with Stuart McCorrmick and one of the town rednecks. All three are wearing safety vests."
Unfulfilled,Stuart,You're drivin' carpool today or not?
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,Gotta get down factory before the bell!
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"[he briefly holds Linda's hand before leaving] Goodbye, Linda."
Unfulfilled,Linda,Don't let that place work you to death.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Montage, set to ""Sixteen Tons"" by Tennessee Ernie Ford. The four men drive to their new jobs - at the Amazon Fulfillment Center. All workers drive through checkpoints and then park. They go through turnstiles that only turn one way. The scenes then focus on Stephen, who's shown lifting boxes onto a waiting cart. Other scenes show other parts of packaging that Stephen is performing. Then they show him and other employees eating lunch at the cafeteria. Stephen has earphones on while eating his lunch and then subscribes to Amazon Prime music. Then scenes of automated robots working alongside the workers. A few hours more of this and Stuart goes home for the day. He pulls up to his driveway and brings Butters some things from Amazon, including Amazon Prime TV. He then goes to the kitchen to give Linda a new hand blender. At bedtime, Linda looks at her phone while Stephen is at the computer ordering a desk lamp on Amazon. Next day, the whole thing starts over again. The four men carpool to work, Stephen is at a receiving workstation then the workday is filmed in time-lapse photographs. Most of that time, Stephen is shown standing in one place. Another scene shows the outgoing boxes being stamped with the shipping information, then being sorted to their destinations. Some packages are being sent through Amazon Prime Air, the new drone delivery service. The last scene shows Stephen driving onto his driveway and getting out just in time to see a drone deliver another package to his door. He picks it up and gives it to Butters in the garage. It's a new horn for his bicycle"
Unfulfilled,Tennessee Ernie Ford,"Some people say a man is made outta mud A poor man's made outta muscle and blood Muscle and blood and skin and bones A mind that's a-weak and a back that's strong You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store I was born one mornin' when the sun didn't shine I picked up my shovel and I walked to the mine I loaded sixteen tons of number nine coal And the straw boss said ""Well, a-bless my soul"" You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store I was born one mornin', it was drizzlin' rain Fightin' and trouble are my middle name I was raised in the canebrake by an ol' mama lion Can't no-a high-toned woman make me walk the line You load sixteen tons, what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go I owe my soul to the company store"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. Butters takes his bike out for a spin. It's got a new horn as well as reflective stars on the wheels, some playing cards sticking to a clothespin attached to the bike form."
Unfulfilled,Butters,"[joyfully] Yeah! Yippie! [Stan and friends sit on the curb. Butters honks his horn as he passes by] Hey, fellas, what'dya think? [Cartman, wearing his Buddha Box, lifts it up and looks]"
Unfulfilled,Stan,Think about what?
Unfulfilled,Butters,How my decorations are coming. The big bike parade is this weekend.
Unfulfilled,Cartman,Bike parade? That's so dumb.
Unfulfilled,Butters,"Well, you won't think it's dumb when I win first prize. I'm goin' all out this year. I'll finally beat Larry Zewiski."
Unfulfilled,Stan,"Dude, nobody cares about a stupid bike parade."
Unfulfilled,Larry,"Hey, Stotch! [everybody looks over. Larry's on a tricycle, which has several flags on it, with four rockets strapped to the rear wheels, and he's exuding confidence] You gettin' pumped for the big bike parade? [Cartman lifts up his Buddha Box and looks over] Yeah, I'm pretty excited, I guess."
Unfulfilled,Porsche,"Wow! Hey, nice bike, Larry."
Unfulfilled,Mercedes,Are you gonna be in the bike parade?
Unfulfilled,Larry,"Yeah, I'm thinkin' about it. [the boys just stare.] Come on, girls. I'll show you my blue ribbons. Later, Stotch. Sucka! [he and the girls leave]"
Unfulfilled,Butters,"[head lowered] Well, anyway... [looks at the boys] well, I'm gettin' some more things for my bike too. [lowers his head again] Um... I'll see ya, fellas. [walks away slowly. The boys watch him leave]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Amazon Fulfillment Center. In the main shopping area, Stephen shows the Tweeks the ropes"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"So this is where all the main boxing and transferring happens. I'm excited to have you guys working here at the fulfillment center, Mr. and Mrs. Tweek."
Unfulfilled,Richard,"We really didn't have a choice. Since the fulfillment center opened, me and my wife's coffee business has gone belly-up."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Yeah, people are ordering everything online these days. That's why you'll find a lot of familiar faces working here. [they walk by Mr. Slave, who's preparing boxes for packing. He waves to them before returning back to work] Everything's automated and timed to precision to get people's orders out to them as soon as possible. This is Josh, he'll be your section manager."
Unfulfilled,Josh,"Howdy, folks."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"In these warehouses, there are over one million items, from toothpaste to Go Karts, and it's the work of both humans and machines that make the work possible. [a bos-laden machine runs into Josh and carries him away screaming.] You'll get a message on your device which item to get, then get it to one of our loaders, and the machines do the rest. [an alarm goes off and red lights blink. Everyone stops what they're doing and looks around]"
Unfulfilled,Bearded Worker,We got another one!
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Josh! [Josh becomes a pinball among the machines and screams every time another machine carries him away. Stephen and the other workers run up to a chainlink fence] Hang on, Josh! [Josh is now in the conveyor system being knocked around like a package] Shut it down! Shut it down! [a beefy worker presses the emergency shut-off button, but it fails]"
Unfulfilled,Beefy Worker,"It's not shuttin' down. [a shipping label is stamped onto the crotch area on Josh's pants. He goes down a roller slide and stands up, at which point he's wrapped up in thin plastic sheets. He's then sent down a chute to a vat of plastic peanuts that whirls him around until he disappears into it.]"
Unfulfilled,Josh,Aaaarargargar!
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Whenever there's a workplace accident, you need to fill out a 1081 form. [pulls out a copy of the form]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Kenny's house at the Historic SoDoSoPa ruins, day. Kenny is now working on his bike with the same kinds of trimmings Butters used. He's painting his bike blue. Cartman shows up with Stan and Kyle, while Kenny has his back towards the garage door"
Unfulfilled,Cartman,What are you doing?
Unfulfilled,Kenny,"[quickly turns around and then tries to hide the spray can] (What?! You scared me, guys! Wassup?)"
Unfulfilled,Stan,"""Wassup"" is I thought we agreed bike parades are stupid."
Unfulfilled,Kenny,(Bike parades ARE stupid.)
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"Don't lie, Kenny! You saw that Larry kid scoring chicks with his bike, heard about the cash prize, and you decided to do the bike parade behind our backs! I know 'cause I thought the same thing!"
Unfulfilled,Stan,Me too.
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"[looks down, then wanders off as somber music plays] Jesus. Is this really what it's come down to, you guys? Whatever happened to *us*?"
Unfulfilled,Kyle,What do you mean?
Unfulfilled,Cartman,It used to always be the four of us. Always. Now Stan's moved to a farm. I have anxiety. Kenny? Nobody really talks to Kenny. And then there's just... Kyle. We used to do everything together. What if we did this like the old days?
Unfulfilled,Kyle,"[music picks up] Four bikes, one common theme."
Unfulfilled,Stan,We could totally own the bike parade.
Unfulfilled,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"If we order everything online, we can have it delivered tomorrow! [gets on his phone] We need props, pyrotechnics, the works!"
Unfulfilled,Stan,"[pulls out his phone and starts tapping away] Yeah, and we gotta order some badass spokes and those wheel bumpers!"
Unfulfilled,Kyle,[pulls out his phone and starts tapping away] I'll start looking for costumes! What theme are we thinking?
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"Kenny, get on your mom's laptop and start ordering streamers, sparklers and rockets! Make sure everyone ships Next Day Delivery! This is gonna be just like the old times, you guys!"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Amazon Fulfillment Center, exterior, dusk. As the Fulfillment Center employees leave for the night, Celtic music plays nearby at Crunchy's Micro Brew."
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Microwbrew, interior. Fulfillment Center employees have a drink and chat among each other, while a group of Irish musicians play on stage."
Unfulfilled,Irish Singers,"Workin' me fingers to the bone, I need me a drink before goin' home. Be back in the mornin', pack boxes at dawn. Workin' for Amazon"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Can I have a beer, please? Whatcha got on tap?"
Unfulfilled,Barkeep,"Amazon, Amazon light, and Amazon IPA."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,Gimme Amazon Light. I'm a Prime member. [holds up an Amazon credit card]
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,"[now with both arms bandaged up] What the fook are we doin', anyway? Breakin' our backs! Loadin' up forklifts! Gettin' paper cuts from boxes! And for what?! A measly paycheck that just barely covers our online purchases."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Yeah, well, we should be thankful we even have jobs, huh? Before the fulfillment center opened, we really didn't have anything."
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,We had our dignity!
Unfulfilled,Stuart,"[speaks up] Hey everyone! Everyone, listen! [music and all conversations stop] Amazon just posted a statement about Josh's accident. They're calling it ""human error"" [chatter picks up] ""Amazon regrets the recent workplace accident and is working to better train its workers so that no future accidents occur."""
Unfulfilled,Bearded Worker,Who do they think they are?!
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,It was the bloody machines!
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"[nervous chuckle] Okay, hold on, everyone. I'm sure there's an explanation."
Unfulfilled,Stuart,This is what we've been reduced to! We are the backbone that makes the fulfillment center work! Maybe they should see what it would be like if we didn't show up for work! [all cheer]
Unfulfilled,Skeeter,"We'll do it for Josh, and so what happened to him never happens to anyone else.!"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Hold on, guys. [nervous chuckle] M-My son has a big bike parade coming up. I... I can't just not show up to work now."
Unfulfilled,Stuart,"[Comes up to Stephen and puts his finger in his face] What's more important to you, Stotch? A bike parade, or Josh?![leaves]"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,A bike parade.
Unfulfilled,Stuart,"Amazon workers, we are on strike! [the workers roar back in approval and cheer, while Stephen looks around nervously]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's still in bed as the sun breaks. It's morning, and his alarm goes off. He sits up and then leaves the bed"
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"My stuff's here! [runs out of the room and downstairs] My stuff! My stuff! My stuff my stuff my stuff! [runs by the sofa, where Liane sits, She's sipping coffee.]"
Unfulfilled,Liane,Mornin' hon.
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"Shut up! [opens the front door and looks out, smiling] Stuff? [looks around, then steps out a bit further] Stuff? [One more look, then goes back inside and walks up to Liane] Mom, were there a bunch of packages for me?"
Unfulfilled,Liane,"I don't think anyone's getting packages, sweetie. Look. [Cartman looks at the TV, at the strike against Amazon]"
Unfulfilled,Tom,"The Amazon Fulfillment Center has been shut down as hundreds of employees refuse to work. [Behind Tom, an Amazon employee marches behind him and then look into the camera, smiles and point at their signs. Another employee does the same thing. Stephen is behind them, keeping his head down and looking conflicted] Customers all over the state are wondering where their Amazon orders are, as workers demand more respect and more money. The uprising started with a workplace accident which Amazon blamed on human error. Joining me now is the victim of the accident - Josh Carter. [walks over to Josh, who is now a sentient package. He's been placed atop of a stool.] And Josh, how does it feel to have your accident spark so much upheaval?"
Unfulfilled,Josh,"You know, Tom, I think something like this was bound to happen. There's those at the top who control the means of production, and then there's the working class that enables those means by selling their labor power for wages. When there's conflict, the ruling class tries to blame the working class."
Unfulfilled,Tom,Can you get out of the box?
Unfulfilled,Josh,"No, my organs have been compacted, so if the box opens, I spill out and die. I believe the working class needs to revolt against capitalism and bring about socioeconomic emancipation."
Unfulfilled,Tom,Do you get hot in the box?
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Soth Park City Hall, day. Mayor McDaniels is making an Amazon purchase on her work iMac"
Unfulfilled,Mayor McDanniels,"[quietly talking to herself] Ship to address, order now... [receives this message] ""Usually ships in..."" [yells out in anger] four to six weeks?! I can make my own damn towels in four to six weeks! [a knock at the door, and Janson looks in]"
Unfulfilled,Janson,"Mayor, you have a visitor."
Unfulfilled,Mayor,"Not now, I'm having problems!"
Unfulfilled,Janson,"[Nervously] But Mayor, it's uh, [whispers] Jeff Bezos."
Unfulfilled,Mayor,[voice rises] Founder and CEO of Amazon Jeff Bezos?
Unfulfilled,Janson,[whispers] Yeah.
Unfulfilled,Mayor,"Okay, okay, uh, let him in."
Unfulfilled,Janson,"Right on through here, Mr. Bezos. [Jeff Bezos enters. He has a long neck and a bald, veiny head, suggesting a brain so big blood vessels have to be outside the skull for it to fit. Bezos looks at Janson, and Janson leaves]"
Unfulfilled,Mayor,[stands up from behind her desk] Mr. Bezos. How great to see you again! [Bezos just looks at her] How have you been?
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"[telepathically] I wish I was doing better. Please Mayor, have a seat."
Unfulfilled,Mayor,"Oh, thank you. [she sits in her chair, he takes a seat as well]"
Unfulfilled,Mayor,I guess you're here because of the... strike.
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"We had a deal, Mayor. You told me this town would be the perfect place for one of our fulfillment centers."
Unfulfilled,Mayor,And it has been. It it gave so many people jobs. [chuckles] And I'm not really sure why everyone is so...
Unfulfilled,Bezos,[moves his head ever so slightly] Disgruntled? Dissatisfied? Unamused? Would you like to know why Amazon is so successful? Because the customer is all that matters. Now orders are going unfulfilled all over the state of Colorado. [lowers eyebrows] That makes us look very bad. [raises his eyebrows] It makes YOU look very bad. Perhaps... you should no longer be a Prime member.
Unfulfilled,Mayor,[pleading] Please! I-I'm trying to get everyone back to work. I-I'm going to do everything that I can.
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"Then we have an understanding. [gets up and heads for the door] Goodbye, Mayor. If everyone stays unfulfilled, [turns around and looks at the Mayor] it will be you who pays the price. [opens the door and leaves. The Mayor is left stunned]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"A cloudy day. Cartman opens the door and looks out. No packages. A new montage begins, to the tune of Trey Parker's ""Unfulfilled."" Cartman goes back inside and closes the door. Mr. Tucker goes and checks his mailbox. No mail or packages. Sheila checks the status of her delivery. Her coffee maker has been delivered, but still en route. A tear runs down her cheek. Mr. Mackey looks outside his window as it starts to rain and sees a FedEx X truck. The driver looks back at him, then lowers his head to the steering wheel. No delivery for Mackey. Jimmy looks at the status of his delivery but finds that it's going to take a month to reach him. He cries at his desk. A smiling Randy goes outside to get his packages, but suddenly, they fade away, revealing that he got nothing and leaves him disappointed. Wendy walks by the kitchen at her home and sees her parents. Wendy's parents sit at the dining room table, looking depressed. No packages for them either. Wendy then looks down and walks away. The strikers put on their protest and hold up their signs, but Stephen's heart isn't in it. He stands still holding a ""STAND UP/STRIKE"" sign. Kenny opens his front door and checks for packages but finds none. Kyle looks out his front door and finds nothing. He closes his door. An aerial shot of the neighborhood shows no packages anywhere on the front steps of the houses. Ryan walks up to Sarah and thinks of putting his hand on her shoulder, but decides against it and leaves. The fulfillment center sits dark and silent. Officer Brown looks for packages at the front of the police station, but finds nothing. He then sadly closes the door."
Unfulfilled,Trey,"Unfulfilled. And now tomorrow's nothing but another day. Somebody came and took my hopes and dreams away. and now I'm lost, and unfulfilled. Curtains close All we were a distant memory Somebody just bitch-slapped the smile right off of me. And here I am, so unfulfilled. The happiness I knew just got raped and killed. And all I am is unfulfilled. Nothing that I have seems like enough All I'm left to ask is, ""Where's my stuff?"" It's sitting somewhere, unfulfilled."
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Last scene is in Cartman's room. Cartman, Stan, and Kyle wait. The door opens and Kenny walks in. The boys jump to meet him"
Unfulfilled,Stan,Anything? Did you get anything?
Unfulfilled,Kenny,(No. Nothing.) [the other three sigh]
Unfulfilled,Cartman,I guess it's time to face it. We aren't going to get our stuff.
Unfulfilled,Stan,Maybe if we reorder everything and have it shipped to a different fulfillment center-
Unfulfilled,Kyle,There's no time. Let's face it. We can't be in the bike parade.
Unfulfilled,Stan,"No! I refuse to believe we have no other options. Um, what...? What did we do before Amazon?"
Unfulfilled,Kenny,(Well I don't know.)
Unfulfilled,Stan,"I mean, before we could get whatever we wanted, where did we get stuff?"
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"At the... the ma-, the ma-ma-, the mall."
Unfulfilled,Kyle,Oh yeah! The mall!
Unfulfilled,Kenny,(The mall!)
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. It sits abandoned and looks dilapidated. The earth has begun to reclaim it. Plants break through the asphalt in the parking lot. Inside, the building is dark and devoid of any lighting and covered with trash and plants. A rat runs around and waits on top of a plant. The doors open and the boys walk in, causing the rat to scurry off."
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"Guess we haven't been to the mall in a while. [as they walk through the mall, Anita Baker's ""Sweet Love"" plays over the speakers.]"
Unfulfilled,Anita Baker,Sweet Love hear me callin' out your name I feel no shame; I'm in love Oh no no no no no (Sweet Love)
Unfulfilled,Kyle,There's nobody here.
Unfulfilled,Stan,There's gotta be somebody.
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"[notices something and points] Look! It's Wiener On A Stick. [a worker pops up behind the counter and hisses, then drops back down. The boys walk up to him]"
Unfulfilled,Stan,"Uh, hello?"
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 1,[pops back up] Welcome to Wiener On A Stick.
Unfulfilled,Kyle,Are you the only one still at the mall?
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 1,"There are many, and yet none. [other workers come out of the woodwork and hiss]"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, day. Linda is at the sofa knitting while Butters reads Mystery Comics. The front door opens and Stephen enters"
Unfulfilled,Linda,There he is! [drops her knitting and goes to Stephen]
Unfulfilled,Butters,Dad! [drops his comic book and goes to Stephen]
Unfulfilled,Linda,How did it go?
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"[nervously looks down and holds cap in his hand] They voted to keep striking. There was a run-in, violence between some of the strikers and corporate. They've decided to punish us by taking our status. [turns and walks a few feet away from Linda and Butters] There's no easy way to say this, so I'll... just come out with is then. We're... not Amazon Prime members anymore."
Unfulfilled,Linda,Then what are we?
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[turns to face his family] Everyone involved in the strike has been dropped down one level from Prime. We're... we're now Amazon USDA Choice.
Unfulfilled,Linda,"[covers her mouth as she starts to tear up] That's... fine. We'll be USDA Choice. It's, it's almost as good as Prime."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[walks up to her and puts his hand on her shoulder] You're a good woman for saying that. But you're a bitch because it's a lie and you're patronizing me. [goes upstairs]
Unfulfilled,Butters,"Mom, eh if I win the first prize in the bike parade, I'll give the money to you guys."
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Stotch residence.The master bedroom, later. Stephen is at his computer, praying"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,"Please... I don't know what else to do. My family is all that matters to me. [becomes emotional and starts to tear up] I made a promise to provide for them. What if we never get what we're asking for from the strike? [he's being observed through a hidden camera, on Alexa View] What if they just get others to do all the boxing for us?"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"At Amazon HQ, in a purple, alien-like room, Mayor McDaniels looks at the screen with Jeff Bezos"
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"See how the worker begins to question his determination? Without his Amazon Prime Status, he fluctuates between being and non-being."
Unfulfilled,Stephen,My family has to come first.
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"Now... torn between memberships, the consumer-worker will reason that the strike is pointless. Prepare a bus. We must make sure that boxers who wish to box have a safe way into the fulfillment center."
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, exterior, day"
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, interior. The boys are still in the abandoned mall as more mall workers emerge from their hiding spots and look at the boys in curiosity"
Unfulfilled,Kyle,"I think maybe it was a bad idea to come here, you guys."
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 2,Why have you come to this place?
Unfulfilled,Stan,We came because... we need... stuff.
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 3,[emerges from behind a large planter] Do you seek cosmetics? [holds up some make-up brushes]
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 4,[emerges from behind a food court trash can] Do you need puppies? [holds up two puppies wearing bow ties in his arms]
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 5,[comes up behind Stan] Sample of lotion?
Unfulfilled,Stan,What??
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 5,"[lifts up Stan's arm and sprays some onto it] Why, it's lemongrass lavender."
Unfulfilled,Stan,"No! [the worker hisses and goes back into the shadows] No, no, look. We need very specific stuff. There's a big bike parade on Saturday."
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"In front of Auntie Jen's, a Cinnaroll and Gamestop employee are excited about the bike parade and talk over each other"
Unfulfilled,Cinnaroll employee,Ohhh! Bike parade?
Unfulfilled,Hobby employee,Bike parade?
Unfulfilled,Gamestop employee,Ohh!
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"In front of City Express, Wayne D and a Build-A-Bear employee also show their excitement"
Unfulfilled,Wayne D,Ohhh! Bike parade!
Unfulfilled,Build-A-Bear Workshop employee,[garbled] That's nice!
Unfulfilled,Kyle,Yeah. And the four of us are actually doing a group theme.
Unfulfilled,Cartman,[steps forward] The changing faces of immigrants in America as told through bicycles.
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 6,So... do you need... SHOES? [holds a couple of shoe boxes]
Unfulfilled,Stan,"[turns to face the mall worker] Yeah. Uh, color-coded specific shoes in four specific sizes."
Unfulfilled,Mall Workers,Aww!
Unfulfilled,Stan,What?
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 1,[pops his head out from behind the counter.] We do not have the inventory that online wholesalers can provide. [hisses and hides again]
Unfulfilled,Cartman,"This is a waste of time, you guys."
Unfulfilled,Kenny,"(Yeah. Shit, let's get the fuck out of here.)"
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 7,[emerges from behind a planter holding up a skirt on a hanger] Please! You are the only customers we've had the pleasure of assisting since the fulfillment center opened.
Unfulfilled,Stan,H-Hold on a minute. You all stay here 'cause you want to work?
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 6,It is... our purpose.
Unfulfilled,Mall Workers,Our purpose.
Unfulfilled,Mall Worker 4,Our purpose.
Unfulfilled,Stan,Wait a minute. You guys... I think I have an idea.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Amazon Fulfillment Center, day. An overhead view of the parking lot as the strikers and a group of counter protesters are gathered for another day. Both groups are being corralled by police officers."
Unfulfilled,Tom,"[off screen] A bus with employees wishing to return to work is about to arrive here at the fulfillment center,[the Amazon employees are yelling and holding up signs while the police officers are trying to keep them behind the barriers] and the strikers are not happy. Also, dozens of Amazon customers have shown up.[a large group of counter protesters hold up signs demanding the workers get back to their jobs and deliver their packages are being held back by the police] Angry customers who wish to be fulfilled."
Unfulfilled,Customers,We want our stuff! We want our stuff!
Unfulfilled,Tom,The customers say the boxers need to return to work because the shutdown is hurting everyone. [Randy is standing next to him]
Unfulfilled,Randy,I have a weed business to run! I need my shit from Amazon to make it all work!
Unfulfilled,Josh,"At what cost, sir?! Do you care that personal worth is being reduced by capitalists to exchange value?!"
Unfulfilled,Randy,"Oh yeah, that's typical rhetoric from a Marxist box."
Unfulfilled,Josh,Free trade is not free-dom! Perhaps socialism IS the answer!
Unfulfilled,Tom,"If you pay for shipping, can you go anywhere you want?"
Unfulfilled,Stuart,[pointing] Here comes the bus!
Unfulfilled,Strikers,"[all turn to face the bus. Stephen is the only passenger in it, looking mighty lonely] Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs! Scabs!"
Unfulfilled,Stuart,"Hey, it's Stotch! [the bus stops]"
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,"Ya can't do it, Stotch! Ya damned us all!"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[lowers a window] Don't you understand? It's not about me! It's my son!
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,"If those orders get fulfilled, then we got nothin'!"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,He's just a kid! He wants to be in the bike parade!
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,"My son's in the bike parade too! [his voice begins to crack] He's got... little tassels off the back of his seat. Tiny flags stickin' out the handlebars. But he deserves more, Stotch! If we don't make our stand now, he doesn't have a chance. He'll get fookin' third or fourth place or just a fookin' participation ribbon!"
Unfulfilled,Stephen,[emotional] I'm sorry. [the bus moves forward again]
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,Stotch!
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"The fulfillment center, inside. Stephen gets to work doing all the fulfillments himself. Mayor McDaniels and Jeff Bezos look on from a catwalk above the factory floor"
Unfulfilled,Bezos,It is... not as I expected. Only one consumer worker broke through the picket lines. Your townspeople are more stubborn than I thought.
Unfulfilled,Mayor,"They're... prideful people, yes."
Unfulfilled,Bezos,Perhaps I should give up. How I long to return to Bezos and touch butts with my wife. [the factory phone rings and he answers it] Amazon Fulfillment Center.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, exterior. The boys are in the parking lot outside the mall. Stan is on his phone and somehow, Bezos' telepathy reaches Stan's ears"
Unfulfilled,Stan,"Uh yeah, hi. We ordered a bunch of stuff and we haven't gotten it."
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"[frustrated] Yes, yes, the workers are striking. We're fucking working on it!"
Unfulfilled,Stan,"No, that's actually why we're calling. We know a whole bunch of people who can come work for you."
Unfulfilled,Bezos,[his eyes widen as he thinks a moment] Is that so? Now those fools will pay!
Unfulfilled,Stan,What fools will pay?
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"Uh no, sorry, um... you say you have worker-consumers? willing to box?"
Unfulfilled,Stan,"Yeah, but listen: we want our stuff! We ordered a bunch of shit for the bike parade, and if we get you workers, we want them to deliver our stuff first!"
Unfulfilled,Bezos,"Very well. Stay right where you are. [hangs up, goes back to the Mayor, and stares at her for a few seconds] You didn't tell me there was a bike parade."
Unfulfilled,Mayor,I didn't think it was relevant.
Unfulfilled,Bezos,Everything is relevant when it comes to customers. [goes to Alexa View and waves his hand across the screen. Butters is shown working on his bike again]
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,Dramatic music begins as Bezos smiles after looking at the Alexa View. Josh begins his speech off screen.
Unfulfilled,Josh,The history of this world...
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,A panning shot of the employees yelling and protesting outside the fulfillment center.
Unfulfilled,Josh,is the history of class struggles.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,A panning shot of the customers yelling and holding up their signs outside the fulfillment center
Unfulfilled,Josh,Alienated from the products of their labor...
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Stotch Residence, garage. Butters is working on his bike, looking at his bike spokes."
Unfulfilled,Josh,from their fellow laborers and from their very essence.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Zewiski Residence, garage. Larry is adding more flags to his bike while Mercedes and Porsche admire him from outside."
Unfulfilled,Josh,The oppressed worker will eventually strike back at those capitalists who control the means of production.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, interior. The four boys go back inside the mall. The mall workers emerge as the light from outside hits them"
Unfulfilled,Josh,We have nothing to lose but our chains.
Unfulfilled,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Microbrew, interior. The strikers are standing and paying attention"
Unfulfilled,Josh,We will unite in revolution.
Unfulfilled,Gruff Worker,And if others try to break through the picket line?
Unfulfilled,Josh,"[a box on a stool] Nothing else can be allowed into the fulfillment center, no matter what the cost."
Unfulfilled,Skeeter,"We're ready to follow you, Josh."
Unfulfilled,Josh,Then follow me to Hell.
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Kyle's bed, sunrise. Kyle is still in bed when his alarm goes off. he wakes up and jumps off his bed, grabs his phone, and runs downstairs. Bright music plays. Ike peeks out from his room and sees Kyle run by. Kyle opens the front door and sees all the Amazon stuff he had purchased and was waiting for. He breaks out into a grin"
Bike Parade,Kyle,Yehehes! Yeessss!
Bike Parade,Gerald,"[comes out from the kitchen] What is it, Kyle?"
Bike Parade,Kyle,I got fulfilled! It's all the stuff I ordered for the bike parade. [his phone rings and he answers it] Yeah?
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Cartman Residence, living room. Eric is excited as he is surrounded by his Amazon packages and talks to Kyle on his Iphone"
Bike Parade,Cartman,"Kyle, did you get your stuff?! I got my stuff! Yeah, dude! [grabs one of his packages and holds it] Stan and Kenny got their stuff too! Bring it all over to my house! We gotta get ready for the bike parade!"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Broflofski residence, living room. Kyle runs back inside with one of packages"
Bike Parade,Gerald,"Hey, were my boxes there too?"
Bike Parade,Kyle,"No, Dad. These were special deliveries from Jeff Bezos. We helped Amazon with their strike, and he had our orders shipped."
Bike Parade,Gerald,Jeff Bezos? The founder and CEO of Amazon?
Bike Parade,Scene Description,A close up of the Amazon Echo in the living room is shown while Kyle talks to Gerald
Bike Parade,Kyle,[giggles] Yeah. We helped him find workers to work during the strike.
Bike Parade,Scene Description,Remote location. Jeff Bezos is shown eavesdropping on their conversation as well as several others on some dated hi-fi equipment. The conversations are heard through the massive headphones he is wearing.
Bike Parade,Kyle,So he found our orders and had them sent to us.
Bike Parade,Gerald,"Well, can he find my packages too? [Static noise is heard as Bezos begins to turn the dial to another frequency]"
Bike Parade,Woman 1,"No, I know. They said the workers are still on strike. They don't know when our orders- [turns the dial]"
Bike Parade,Man 1,"Alexa, can I have my stuff shipped from a different ful-? [turns the dial]"
Bike Parade,Man 2,"No, that's a bad dog, Banjo! Bad dog! [turns the dial]"
Bike Parade,Woman 2,"[moaning] Oh, yes. Oh, oh, o- [turns the dial]"
Bike Parade,Stuart,Jeff Bezos?! [Bezos stops and listens in intently] Are you freakin' kiddin' me?! Why is Jeff Bezos sending you packages?
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"McCormick residence, living room. A close up of their Amazon Echo Dot is shown while Stuart continues to berate Kenny in the background. Carol and Karen McCormick are standing behind Stuart and observing. The camera eventually focuses on Kenny and Stuart"
Bike Parade,Stuart,Do you even care there's a strike going on?!
Bike Parade,Kenny,"(No, Dad. These are all for the bike parade.)"
Bike Parade,Stuart,"Bike parade?! You dad is part of the strike, you little shit! [Kenny opens a box and gives Stuart the finger] This whole town is suffering because of Amazon and you're out worrying about a bike parade! [Kenny pulls out a small Statue of Liberty.]"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy and Sharon are in the kitchen. Sharon is sitting at the dinner table and rests her head on her right hand as Randy rants and paces back and forth."
Bike Parade,Randy,"I can't even believe you would say that, Sharon!"
Bike Parade,Sharon,"Randy, it's time to face it. Your weed farm idea didn't work. You barely sell to two people a day."
Bike Parade,Randy,"It's the stupid Amazon strike! I rely on things for marketing, Sharon! A small business needs products for exposure, and until those assholes go back to work, small businesses are gonna suffer! [someone knocks on the front door.]"
Bike Parade,Man 3,[Randy looks over] Ex-excuse me. Could I buy some weed?
Bike Parade,Randy,"[leaves the kitchen for the front door] Aw yeah yeah, Of course."
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, living room. Randy walks in and goes to the coffee table which has some bottles and a fanny pack that he picks up. Towlie is sitting on the couch reading a magazine."
Bike Parade,Randy,"Out early today, huh? [arrives at the door and rummages through the fanny pack]"
Bike Parade,Man 3,"Yeah it's this stupid Amazon strike. None of my orders are getting fulfilled, and I just need something to take the edge off."
Bike Parade,Randy,"Yeah, tell me about it."
Bike Parade,Man 4,"[appearing at the farm's entrance] Hey, are you selling weed?"
Bike Parade,Randy,"Uh, yeah."
Bike Parade,Man 4,[arrives at the door as man 3 leaves] My wife is going nuts not getting her packages. I told her I'd find her some kush.
Bike Parade,Randy,"[walks back to the table to pick up more weed] Yeah, the Amazon strike really sucks. [a truck full of strikers pulls up]"
Bike Parade,Driver,"[gets out with his sign] Hey man, we're about to go spend a day in the picket line. Can you sell us some weed?"
Bike Parade,Randy,You're strikers?
Bike Parade,Man 4,[turns around to face the driver] Well why don't you guys get back to work so we can get our packages?
Bike Parade,Driver,"[points at him] Hey, fuck you buddy!"
Bike Parade,Randy,"Okay, okay, hold on. Uh, let me got some more weed. [notices more people driving up and walking to his door] Huh."
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Amazon Fulfillment Center, day. The strike continues and local media is covering it"
Bike Parade,Tom,"[off screen] It's Day 5 of the Amazon Fulfillment Center strike. [The police are shown trying to keep the strikers corralled] Nothing has been resolved, and there is ever-mounting tension between the striking Amazon workers [a close up of the strikers] and the people who want their stuff. [a close up of the townspeople demanding their stuff]"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,News Studio. Tom is sitting at the news desk and continues his report.
Bike Parade,Tom,"Josh Carter is an Amazon employee who suffered a horrific workplace accident. In order to drum up support for the strike, he's recently FedExed himself to Washington. [Josh is on top of a stool with the White House behind him] How are things going, Josh?"
Bike Parade,Josh,"They're going well, Tom. Thank you. You know, what happened to me could happen to any worker at a fulfillment center. I'm speaking to Congress here and then heading back to Colorado tomorrow via UPS."
Bike Parade,Tom,"Meanwhile, Amazon says it's training new workers to replace the strikers. However, because the workers previously worked at a mall, they've had no human contact for quite some time."
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Amazon Fulfillment Center, day. Stephen briefs the new workers on the center's operations"
Bike Parade,Stephen,"Welcome to the fulfillment center. I'm your floor manager, Stephen Stotch. [the new employees hiss and growl back.] Being a fulfilled isn't hard. Uh, you just follow a few basic steps. [Mall Worker 1 rises up and hisses, then drops back down behind a lift] You start by getting an order on your fulfillment device. [taps on his device] Uh, it's order 6503. Mrs. Sandy Milner wants a Luminart coffee grinder. So you send that order to the first available transaction robot. [drives the robot left out of a parking spot] Okay, the robot will locate the grinder and bring it to the packing area. [The robot stops and drops tee coffee maker onto a conveyor which is being manned by Mall Worker 7. she watches it roll by, and it reaches the mall worker at the end of the belt] Now, put the coffee grinder in the box to fulfill the order. [the worker makes a move but stops himself] Go on. Put it in. [the worker grabs the grinder, stands up, and put it in the box.]"
Bike Parade,Mall Worker 8,This isn't very fulfilling.
Bike Parade,Stephen,"Sure it is. You just gotta get into it, okay? That's one order down, we have [taps his device] 12,400 more to go. [more hissing from the new hires]"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Business has picked up at Randy's place as indicated by a long line of customers. Randy is now selling from a stand with Towlie helping him out"
Bike Parade,Randy,"[speaking with an accent] All right, there you go, friend. That's an ounce of weed, and thanks for supportin' small business. Next?"
Bike Parade,Man 5,"Hey, could you sell me more than an ounce?"
Bike Parade,Randy,"Sorry friend, that's the law. Us simple farmin' folk respect the law and each other."
Bike Parade,Man 5,"No, it's fine. I'll just go over to the Anderson Weed Farm and buy more there."
Bike Parade,Randy,"[looks over to the Anderson Weed Farm, which has a no-limit purchase sign on its stand. He then drops his accent] Well don't buy weed from them. Their weed sucks."
Bike Parade,Man 5,It's a long way to drive out here. Need to make it worth my while. [leaves]
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"The barn, later. Randy paces the floor there looking concerned, while Towlie is seated on top of the table, stoned. Both have a joint in their hand."
Bike Parade,Randy,Shit! This whole Amazon strike has more people smoking weed than ever. We have to make sure Tegridy Weed stays ahead of the competition!
Bike Parade,Towelie,[takes a puff] We need to find a way to get the weed to the people.
Bike Parade,Randy,"Yeah, like a, like a delivery service. Some way so people don't have to drive out here and even see the other weed farms!"
Bike Parade,Towelie,You know what they got? They got these e-scooters nowadays.
Bike Parade,Randy,"You mean the things that almost killed us all on Halloween? Yeah, I 'member. [takes a puff from his joint]"
Bike Parade,Towelie,What if we use e-scooters to get the weed directly to the customers?
Bike Parade,Randy,Oh shit. We could have Tegridy all over town.
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, after sunset. Stephen arrives home with his head down. He heads inside and is surprised to see a lot of Amazon boxes in the living room"
Bike Parade,Stephen,What the--?
Bike Parade,Linda,Stephen! Stephen! It's a miracle! [she gives him a hug]
Bike Parade,Stephen,I don't understand.
Bike Parade,Butters,"[pulls out a gold covered bicycle by its handle from a box] Look Dad, a whole new bicycle! I'll win the bike parade for sure!"
Bike Parade,Linda,You must have gotten our Prime membership back!
Bike Parade,Stephen,I guess I did. The bigwigs promoted me to manager. I'm been training new employees. [A close up of their Amazon Echo is shown]
Bike Parade,Scene Description,Remote location. Jeff Bezos is shown eavesdropping again. The conversations are heard through the massive headphones he is wearing.
Bike Parade,Stephen,When did all this stuff arrive?
Bike Parade,Linda,"It just came a few hours ago. [Bezos turns the dial while some static noise is heard] Oh Stephen, you did it!"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,The remote location. Bezos smiles as he takes his headphones off and get up. Mayor McDaniels is revealed to be the same room and he approaches her.
Bike Parade,Bezos,Your townspeople are beginning to learn that cooperation is rewarded by fulfillment. Now there's only one true enemy who stands in our way. Tonight he's giving a talk on Marxist theory.
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"The talk, evening. An audience filled studio with Josh, in a box, on a pedestal with a glass of water on a stool nearby."
Bike Parade,Josh,"How is the common worker kept submissive? By the institutions and the ideology of the bourgeoisie. We only ask for compassion, for a fair share of the fruits of our labors. [Kenny, sitting next to Stuart, is bored and sighs]"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"Larry's driveway, day. Larry is showing off his bike to three girls, one of them is Sally Darson"
Bike Parade,Larry,"Yeah, it's this Saturday. Everyone's gonna watch. You girls should come check it out. Yeah, it's gonna be a pretty nice bike parade, I suppose."
Bike Parade,Butters,"[riding up] Hey, Larry. [his gold and diamond encrusted pentacycle is quite blinged out, and he wears a matching crown] You gettin' excited for the bike parade? [Larry and the girls are stunned] Yeah, I guess I'm lookin' forward to it."
Bike Parade,Girl,Wow.
Bike Parade,Butters,I guess my bike could be in the bike parade. I... I hadn't really thought about it.
Bike Parade,Larry,"Uh, y-you girls check out the flag on the back of my bike? They, they're silk."
Bike Parade,Butters,"Oh yeah. [presses a button on the handlebars and busts out the peacock feathers, complete with the shake at the end for maximum spread.] I'll see you there, Larry. Later, girls. [turns the bike around and rides away while pressing his bike horn. The girls look at Larry, who is smiling nervously at them and they walk away.]"
Bike Parade,Sally,"[disappointed, walks away] Hmph!"
Bike Parade,Butters,"[riding along on the street] Yippie! [he passes Towelie, who is on an e-scooter on the sidewalk]"
Bike Parade,Scene Description,"The Valmer house, moments later. Towelie stops there and knocks on the door. Ryan and Sarah sit on the sofa with nothing to do"
Bike Parade,Ryan,Amazon Boxes?! [gets up to check]
Bike Parade,Sarah,[sits up] It might be!
Bike Parade,Ryan,"[opens the door] Yes! [sees no boxes, but looks down] Oh."
Bike Parade,Towelie,"Hello, sir. I have your weed delivery."
Bike Parade,Ryan,My what?
Bike Parade,Sarah,"[squeezes by] Oh, that's mine."
Bike Parade,Towelie,"There you are, ma'am. [hands her a small bottle of weed] Enjoy your Tegridy."
Bike Parade,Ryan,"You got a-? Are, are we splitting that?"
Bike Parade,Sarah,Get your own. [goes back inside]
Bike Parade,Ryan,Do you have more?
Bike Parade,Towelie,We're here to please the customer! [hands him one as well]
