Britney's New Look,Photographer 3,Hey look!
Britney's New Look,Photographer 4,There she is! [A photographer points and his face becomes distorted. The photographers rush the car before the manager can leave]
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Oh crap! [the photographers again clamor for Britney's attention, and one of them asks about her choice of shoes]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,Jesus Christ!
Britney's New Look,Manager,"Yeah yeah, it's like this all the time. [to the photographers] Thank you! Yes, thanks. [drives out of the crowd and peels away. The paparazzi look on and then pursue the car on foot]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,"Look, uh, we feel really bad, and, and we wanna help Britney however we can."
Britney's New Look,Manager,"That's great, boys. Britney seems to have really taken a liking to you. And don't worry: Britney is a queen at reinventing herself. We just need to get her into the recording studio right away."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,What?!
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"Britney's recording studio. Stan and Kyle are there with the manager and the studio crew, and they're outraged at the way Britney is being treated."
Britney's New Look,Manager,"All right, Britney, let's take it from the top. Remember to bring that sexiness to it."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Excuse me, is this really what you think she should be doing right now?"
Britney's New Look,Bruce,"All right, Brit, let's try it from the top. [a studio hand gives her some headphones to work with, and she holds them up against what would be her right ear. She gargles intermittently]"
Britney's New Look,Female Aide,"God, what a train wreck."
Britney's New Look,Male Aide,She must be stoned again. [Britney continues to gargle more often and longer]
Britney's New Look,Stan,"Would you put a stop to this, please? This is only gonna make things worse."
Britney's New Look,Manager,"Whattaya mean? She sounds great. [suddenly stops the music] Ah, Britney, that last lyric is supposed to be ""love elation"". Sounds more like you're saying ""love creation""."
Britney's New Look,Britney,Gogehah.
Britney's New Look,Manager,E-la-tion. Really enunciate the L.
Britney's New Look,Britney,Egeul-gageol
Britney's New Look,Bruce,"Gah, she's so stupid."
Britney's New Look,Stan,What do you expect?! Look at her! She doesn't have most of her brain!
Britney's New Look,Bruce,"I know. She's really dumb, huh? [smiles]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,"No, I mean, she literally doesn't have most of her brain! Her head is gone!"
Britney's New Look,Bruce,"[cups his hands like he's grabbing Britney] Yeah. And she's all fat, too."
Britney's New Look,Britney,Okel?
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,MTV Video Music Awards 2007
Britney's New Look,Announcer,"Live, from Las Vegas, it's the MTV Video Music Awards"
Britney's New Look,VJ,"What's up, y'all? It's the MTV Awards and we are kickin' it off right. Here to perform her new song is the one, and only, Britney Spears! [two stage hands walk Britney out on stage]"
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Aw come on now, people! [the manager is pleased with the performance]"
Britney's New Look,Woman,"Oh my God, she's really gotten chubby. [the song begins: ""It's Britney, bitch!"" Britney is waiting for her cue as dancers swirl around her. She begins to warble, and it echoes. She walks and immediately a dancer keeps her from falling.]"
Britney's New Look,Singers,"The way she fee-els. [Britney leans over, and another dancer stands her up again. She warbles some more] Love inside."
Britney's New Look,Man,"Oh man, she's totally lip-syncing."
Britney's New Look,Stan,[annoyed] She doesn't have any lips!
Britney's New Look,Singers,Temporary. [Britney warbles some more. Two male dancers come by and turn her around so the camera can focus on her ass] So hot! [a few moments she gets a solo segment and four male dancers fawn over her]
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,Post-Awards report
Britney's New Look,Reporter,"Disaster at the MTV awards. People are ridiculing Britney Spears. Her performance was awful, Tom. She looked tired, she looked fat, she didn't have a head. It was just completely phoned in. No doubt, Tom, that girl has major issues."
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"A green room. Britney, her manager, and the boys are watching the news report"
Britney's New Look,Manager,"Don't listen to 'em, Brit! They're all just jealous. And we can put you on SlimFast tomorrow. [walks over to the door and opens it. The paparazzi is there, piled on from floor to ceiling] Hang on, hang on, she'll be out in a minute. [leaves, closing the door. No paparazzi get in. Once the place is silent, she sits back on her armchair and relaxes with a sigh. Stan and Kyle can only look on]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,"We have to get her away from all this, dude. People just aren't gonna let up. We have to take her somewhere to just be at peace."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Dude, where in the world can Britney Spears go where nobody will bother her?"
Britney's New Look,Stan,[strokes his chin and takes a few steps forward] I know where.
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"TransTrak station: ""Travel by Train."" It's 2:24 in the afternoon when Stan pops up at the window"
Britney's New Look,Stan,We want three tickets to the North Pole. [the clerk stops what he's doing and looks around]
Britney's New Look,Clerk,The North Pole? [leaves his chair and walks to the window] Who the hell goes to the North Pole?
Britney's New Look,Stan,"We do. Me, my friend, and his aunt. [Kyle and Britney stand behind him. Britney is wearing a wig, sunglasses, and hat as a disguise]"
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,Britney Watch returns...
Britney's New Look,Announcer,[breathless] It's Britney Wowtch!
Britney's New Look,Ron,A distraught Britney Spears has apparently disappeared and abandoned all those close to her. A local housewife caught a photo of Britney running away in this disguise! [a shot of Stan and Kyle leading Britney down the street]
Britney's New Look,Robert Pooner,"Britney is obviously very upset about her MTV performance, Ron, and so she's become desperate. Most troubling for her is the fact that her disguise has total camel toe. [the camera zooms in on her crotch to show what looks like a camel's toe under her shorts]"
Britney's New Look,Ron,"Oooooh, ouch!"
Britney's New Look,Anchorwoman,"Oh boy, now, Leslie, this seems like a really bad camel toe offense."
Britney's New Look,Leslie,"Absolutely major camel toe, Tracy. Britney just seems oblivious. She was bound to get noticed: you walk around with that kind of cam toe and you're gonna turn heads."
Britney's New Look,Ron,"[grunts a little] Eh, David, any idea as to how big the camel toe actually was? [a shot of Britney and a camel toe together]"
Britney's New Look,Robert Pooner,"She was sportin' toe like never before, Brian. I, I don't know what's wrong with that girl, but, it's a slap in the face to camels all over the planet."
Britney's New Look,Ron,Those close to Britney say they are very worried and want to bring her home safe. And now back to the local news.
Britney's New Look,Tracy,[a picture of Butters being dragged towards an animal control truck] The giant squirrel which was picked up last week by animal control apparently now thinks it's a person. Colorado officials have taken the squirrel to Johns-Hopkins for psychiatric evaluation.
Britney's New Look,Ron,"Hm, that squirrel is obviously nuts."
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,The platform at TransTrak.
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Platform 4F. Uhhh, it must be on the other side of the station."
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo,[behind the boys] There she is! It's Britney! [more photographers show up and begin to take pictures]
Britney's New Look,Stan,"Oh no. [he and Kyle quickly whisk Britney away, the photographers hot on their tails. They pass a room whose door is slightly open. Seconds later they return to it, go in, and shut the door]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,"Dude, they're never gonna let us through."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,Yes they are! I have an idea.
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 2,Britney? Where'd she go?
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 3,"There she is! [Kyle appears wearing Britney's disguise. He turns to look at the paparazzi, then runs away. The paparazzi start taking pictures and following him. He runs down the street, the paparazzi pursue him]"
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,Inside the train. Stan leads Britney to a couple of seats by a window. Britney is wearing Kyle's hat
Britney's New Look,Stan,"It's okay, you'll be in the North Pole soon. [Britney gargles something]"
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,The streets. Kyle continues to lead the paparazzi away from Britney and tries to lose them at the same time
Britney's New Look,Manager,"There she is. Hey Britney, it's me. [Kyle ignores him and keeps running. He joins the paparazzi in chasing ""Britney"" down. Kyle runs through a park; they're right behnd him. Kyle runs into a garden full of statues, stops, and turns around] Britney. It's over. What were you runnin' for anyway?"
Britney's New Look,Reporter,"Hey, wait a minute. Where's her camel toe?!"
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"[takes off the sunglasses] I'm not Britney Spears, all right?!"
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 5,"Ooo, psych!"
Britney's New Look,Manager,She must be back at the train station; come on! [they turn around and go back]
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Now, wait a minute! Everyone just stop for one minute! [the group turns around. Kyle drops the sunglasses] Look, you guys are gonna end up killing her. Can't you see that Britney isn't in any condition to handle this crap anymore? I know watching celebrities go down can be fun. Me and my friends are just as guilty as all of you, but maybe, we'll just, maybe, ...it's time to let this one go. Just this one time, let's, let's all stop before it's too late, huh?"
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 6,"[steps forward] Son, you don't seem to understand. Britney Spears... has to die."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,[quizzically] Huh? [thunder starts rolling in the distance]
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 7,What do you think all this effort has been for?
Britney's New Look,Manager,[a sinister smile crosses his face] It cannot be stopped. The purpose is too great.
Britney's New Look,Officer,It's not just the press. Everyone agrees. She must... die.
Britney's New Look,Background Singers,Hetus. Alte omnebus. [the photographers begins to join in] Virtu e poquebus. [other adults join in this nonsensical Latin chant]
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,The TransTrak train heads north through the Rockies
Britney's New Look,Narrator,"Little Stanley was tired and hungry. But he knew that for Britney Spears to be safe, he had to get her to the North Pole."
Britney's New Look,Stan,"You doing okay, Ms. Spears? [she gargles. From the train's cab, the conductor looks back at Britney and Stan through the cab door's window]"
Britney's New Look,Conductor,"[on the phone] It's her. Um no, I'm sure it's Britney Spears; [looks at a photo] it looks just like the picture. [the photo he holds is that of a camel's toe, not of Britney] You want me to, to what? Yes, I understand. [begins chanting] Rectus. Hoc honebus"
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"A small town. A car stops and its passengers empty out: Britney's manager, two cameramen, and Kyle. The manager walks up to an elderly man and shakes hands with him"
Britney's New Look,Elderly Man,"Hello, I'm Bob Summers, so happy you picked our little town."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,What is going on?! Why do you want Britney Spears to die?!
Britney's New Look,Bob Summers,"Well nobody wants her to die, little boy. We all simply... need her to. Do you understand?"
Britney's New Look,Kyle,NO!
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 8,"Look, kid, throughout history people have found it necessary to engage in... human sacrifice."
Britney's New Look,Bob Summers,"In ancient times, humans would commonly pick one lovely girl, adorn her with jewels, treat her like a goddess, and then... watch her die."
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 9,"We like to think we're more civilized now, but the truth is our lust for torture and death is no different than it was in gladiator times."
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 10,Only difference is that now we like to watch people put to death through magazines and photographs.
Britney's New Look,Canadian Paparazzo,It's a damn shame too. Old ways were bettah. Used to be we just picked someone by lottery an' then stoned them to death.
Britney's New Look,Woman,Stonin' to death was too violent. Rather have the sacrifice kill itself.
Britney's New Look,Kyle,You mean everyone has been wanting Britney Spears to kill herself?
Britney's New Look,Man,"Britney was chosen a long time ago, to be built up and adored, and then sacrificed. For harvest."
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 11,"All right, everyone's about here."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,[bewildered] Who's everyone?! Who all is in on this?!
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,The TransTrak train. Everyone is sleeping when the train comes to a sudden stop and the whistle blows. They wake up.
Britney's New Look,Male passenger,"Hey, where are we? This isn't right. [Stan looks out the window quickly. Outside is an empty field, but a horde of photographers race through it and reach the train, clamoring for her attention and ready to take pictures]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,Oh no!
Britney's New Look,Britney,Ohhh thoooo!
Britney's New Look,Stan,"[hops down and grabs Britney's hand] Come on, Britney! [pulls her out the opposite side and into the field] Come on, come on! [as they run, Kyle's hat falls away. They reach the end of the field and enter a clearing. They look around and find themselves surrounded. All sorts of people are there, not just paparazzi. The escape route they just used is closed off by more spectators. Stan looks around and some faces are recognizable, like Irene. Sheila and Gerald show up]"
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"Mom, Dad! [runs up to them] They're gonna kill her! They're going to in-. Wait, what are you doing here?"
Britney's New Look,Gerald,"It's okay, Kyle. Just... be a good boy."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,Be a good boy? You know all about this?
Britney's New Look,Stan,"Kyle, what the fuck is going on now?"
Britney's New Look,Kyle,"She's been built up to be sacrificed, Stan!"
Britney's New Look,Stan,Sacrificed? For what?
Britney's New Look,Randy,"For harvest, Stanley. Same reason we've always done it."
Britney's New Look,Canadian Paparazzo,"Sacrifice in March, corn have plenty starch."
Britney's New Look,Kyle,Corn harvest!
Britney's New Look,Randy,"We haven't told you about it, Stanley, because we, we like to wait until kids are a little older to talk to them about things like condoms and ritualistic human sacrifice for harvest."
Britney's New Look,Stan,"All right, enough already! This has all gone on long enough!"
Britney's New Look,Manager,The kid is right. This has gone on too long.
Britney's New Look,Paparazzo 12,Yeah. She was supposed to have killed herself a long time ago.
Britney's New Look,Farmer,And harvest is coming soon.
Britney's New Look,Bob Summers,"All right, folks, let's finish this quickly. [everyone whips out a camera and starts taking pictures, closing in on Britney all the while]"
Britney's New Look,Stan,"No wait. [Britney groans. People get close, take pictures, then make way for more people]"
Britney's New Look,Woman 2,"Come on, hurry up."
Britney's New Look,Woman 3,"[obese] I can't run. You go ahead, I'll catch up with ya. [the barrage of picture-taking continues. The McCormicks come up to take pictures. Britney drops to the ground, sort of pleading to be left alone]"
Britney's New Look,Mother,"Here Davey. [hands a camera to her son. The barrage continues, with Randy, Liane, other familiar faces... Britney wilts under the lights and finally lies down completely]"
Britney's New Look,Bob Summers,[throws out his arms] Hold on. [a doctor walks up and checks for vital signs]
Britney's New Look,Doctor,She's dead.
Britney's New Look,Randy,"Well, I think it's time for us to leave the poor girl alone. [everyone turns and goes off in different directions under a windy and thunderous sky. Stan is left alone staring at Britney's corpse. Kyle is a little further away, but he too looks at the corpse]"
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"Harvest time, dawn. The corn fields are shown, their stalks tall and full of corn. Three men are harvesting corn by hand nearby, and a motorized harvester takes care of corn in the distance"
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"The town, late morning. A farmer's market is up. Two men are shown close-up in a booth stocked with yellow and white corn"
Britney's New Look,Gil,Mornin' Bill.
Britney's New Look,Bill,Mornin' Gil.
Britney's New Look,Gil,[inspecting some yellow corn] Nice-lookin' corn.
Britney's New Look,Scene Description,"South Park Market, day. Randy and Sharon check out the corn. Sheila passes."
Britney's New Look,Sheila,"Hey Sharon, Randy, great harvest, huh? [begins to check out the corn as well. Sharon puts some corn into her shopping cart]"
Britney's New Look,Randy,An incredible harvest. Some of the best corn I've seen in years.
Britney's New Look,ET Reporter,"[on TV screens throughout the store] She's the daughter of a country singer, and the young girl has really taken the country by storm. Hannah Montana's Miley Cyrus, though only fifteen years old, is already on her way to being a major superstar."
Britney's New Look,Jimbo,"[near the beginning of the report] Hey, check it out! [the report ends and ominous music begins]"
Britney's New Look,Randy,"[glued to the screen] Looks like next harvest will be even better. [begins to chant. The other shoppers join in, then Sheila, and finally, Stan and Kyle, who have apparently given up on talking sense to the adults. The image of the ET reporter and Miley stays onscreen]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mrs. Garrison's classroom. Mr. Mackey is speaking to the class"
Major Boobage,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, kids, we have something very serious we need to discuss today, hm'kay? It appears that some kids in school are getting high by choking themselves. Some kids call it ""The Choking Game"", hm'kay but, but choking yourself is bad. Hm'kay? Don-, don't do that. Hm'kay?"
Major Boobage,Kyle,"You can get high from choking yourself? [Kenny feels for his neck through his hood, then squeezes once he finds it]"
Major Boobage,Mr. Mackey,"Schoolchildren are often experimenting with dangerous ways to get high, hm'kay, like sniffin' glue, guzzlin' cough medicine, huffin' paint, hm'kay? But they're all bad. M'kay?"
Major Boobage,Butters,"Mm-my cousin's in Florida, and said kids in their school get high off of cat pee."
Major Boobage,Cartman,Cat pee? [Kenny lets up and then tries to choke himself again]
Major Boobage,Stan,"That's not true. You can't get high off of cat urine, can you?"
Major Boobage,Mr. Mackey,"Well, it's a it's not actually cat urine, but male cats, when they're marking their territory, uh spread concentrated urine to fend off other male cats and... a-and that could get you really high. M'kay? Re-really reeeally high. Okay? [Kenny is trying really hard to choke himself] Probably shou-shouldn't have told you that just now. Hm'kay? Tha, that was probably bad."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. The original four boys are there, gathered around the coffee table on which stands a frame holding a cat in a harness. Cartman is almost done with the cat"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"All right, this should keep my cat in place while he sprays the urine. [Mr. Kitty meows] Yesss, poor Mr. Kitty, are you just so upset right now? [Mr. Kitty meows]"
Major Boobage,Kyle,You guys are wasting your time.
Major Boobage,Stan,"Yeah, this is not gonna work."
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Okay, ready Kenny?"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(All set.)
Major Boobage,Cartman,"All right, bring out...! The other male cat. [Kyle walks to a pet carrier, opens the door, pulls out a brown striped cat, and places it on the coffee table opposite Mr. Kitty. The two cats meow at each other first, then growl at each other. After a short while, Mr. Kitty shoots concentrated piss into Kenny's face]"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Woah.)
Major Boobage,Kyle,Whoa! [Kenny staggers backwards. The other guys gather round him]
Major Boobage,Stan,Do you feel anything?
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Well, Kenny? Are you buzzed? [Kenny's not responding. His mind is elsewhere...]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kenny's eyes are unfocused as his mind goes into an altered state. He seems to be going through space, then an acid trip, then both. Kenny descends into a Thunderbird fitted with rocket boosters and takes the wheel. He heads towards a desert planet and lands with a thud. He quickly shifts gears and peels away. He drives through the desert landscape until a curvaceous woman steps into his path. He stops. She wears a stylized cowboy hat and skimpy clothes. Kenny motions over and lets her take the wheel. Kenny can't help but look at her breasts. They head towards a huge building with breast-shaped touches all overs. The woman steps out and walks towards the stairs, then enters the building. Kenny quickly follows suit. As they walk through the building a creature stabs another one through the skull, killing him"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Hey cool! Check it out!)
Major Boobage,Father,I see that you're enticed by my daughter's awesome rocking tits.
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Yeahhh!)
Major Boobage,Father,Then bathe with my daughter in the fountain of Varnov. Appease the gods by lathering her boobs with soapy suds.
Major Boobage,Kenny,"(Okay!) [follows her towards the fountain. At the fountain's edge, she undresses, then he begins to undress] (Woop! Woo-hoo!)"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"[through Kenny's hallucination] Kenny! Kenny, wake up! [In the middle of town, Cartman is stopping Kenny from disrobing any further] Wake up, Kenny! You all right? Kenny!"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(What?) [opens his eyes and looks around] (Where'd she go?) [stands up and pulls up his pants.]
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Dude, that cat urine really fucked you up. You were seriously tripping balls."
Major Boobage,Kenny,(You fucking asshole!)
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Agh, Kenny! Knock it off! What's wrong with you?"
Major Boobage,Kenny,[Punching Cartman] (What the fuck did you do that for?)
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Ah, Kenny! [Stan and Kyle come up to restrain Kenny]"
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Dude! Dude, Kenny, calm down!"
Major Boobage,Kenny,"[walks away from them a bit, mad] (Aww i was so close! You should have seen her titties.)"
Major Boobage,Stan,What titties?
Major Boobage,Kenny,"[turns around] (The titties! Oh my god, they were incredible!)"
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Kenny, all you did after the cat peed in your face was start running around in circles cheering."
Major Boobage,Stan,"Yeah, and then you ran through town screaming and started tearing off all your clothes."
Major Boobage,Kenny,(I almost... touched them.)
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Dude, I don't think we should be messing around with that crap anymore."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, living room. Gerald walks in, grabs the remote from the sofa, turns on the TV, and sits down to watch"
Major Boobage,Announcer,"Next on FOX News! [SPECIAL REPORT: FOX NEWS] It's the newest drug craze. and it's killing your kids! [""killing your kids"" appears over scenes of kids falling over]"
Major Boobage,Gerald,Killing our kids? [leans forward]
Major Boobage,Reporter,"All over America, kids are getting high... on cat urine! [two women have their cats face off, and one of them gets concentrated urine on her face. She laughs] Huffing cat urine apparently causes a euphoric state [the affected woman moved her arms up and open, then freezes as her eyes get unfocused] and is also referred to as... cheesing. [Letters cut out into cheese shapes appear: ""CHEESING"". Cut to the front of J. Brown Elementary School, day.] Why ""cheesing""? Because it's ""fon to due"". [the words appear onscreen. Cut to a girl's silhouette] This sixth grade girl said she's been snorting cat piss for several months."
Major Boobage,Girl,"[in a deep, electronically-altered voice] We sometimes sneak out during recess and a friend named _________ goes and gets her cats, and we'll just cheese all day long."
Major Boobage,Gerald,Oh my God! Sheila! Come look at this!
Major Boobage,Reporter,"So how can you tell if your child is cheesing? [some graphics begin to appear] 1. Your child seems distant, preoccupied. 2. Your child's face smells like cat urine. 3. When you see tigers at the zoo, your child starts grinding his or her teeth. You might also notice by certain phrases your child says to school friends, such as ""Hey, let's go cheese."" or ""Do you feel like cheesing, guys?"" or ""Dude, I'm cheesing my F-ing brains out right now."""
Major Boobage,Sheila,[now standing next to Gerald] Kids are doing this?
Major Boobage,Reporter,"Kids do it because it's legal. [a teen boy looks at the camera with a fierce face. A skull and crossbones appear over it] What can you do before it's too late? [a picture of a cat switches with its negative for a strobe effect a few times, then ends with the negative and an echoing meow]"
Major Boobage,Gerald,"We have to protect our children from this, Sheila."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Town meeting, next day. On stage are Mr. Mackey, Principal Victoria, Mayor McDaniels, Gerald (at the podium), Sheila, and Officer Barbrady"
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Twenty percent of American students aged six to twelve say they have tried cheesing at least once. Kids also refer to it as ""the cheese game"", or ""vitamin cheese"", or ""Mary Jane piss in your face fun time"". Cheesing is spreading fast."
Major Boobage,Sharon,"[stands up] All right, we're all sufficiently scared, Gerald, but what could we do?"
Major Boobage,Gerald,I have written up a bill that would make having a cat illegal in the city of South Park.
Major Boobage,Stephen,"[stands up] Gerald's right. We all have to face it. Cats are deadly animals! If you stick your nose up their crotch and snort their piss, they can kill you!"
Major Boobage,Gerald,"With my super lawyer powers, we can rid our town of cats, so that our kids can never get high again!"
Major Boobage,Randy,[stands up again] Let's hear it for Gerald!
Major Boobage,Stephen,[stands up again] Hooray for Gerald! [the rest of the audience begins to cheer and argue]
Major Boobage,Scene Description,The neighborhood. Black vans arrive and DEA agents jump out of them. The agents enter people's houses and confiscate any cats found there. Some agents take away a small boy's cat. Bebe loses her cat Thumper to a pet carrier. Craig Tucker's sister in her sandbox cries as an agent grabs her cat out of her hands
Major Boobage,Tricia,No! No!
Major Boobage,Agent 1,"Oh wah wah! Get over it, druggie. [walks off with the cat] Jeez... [Two other agents leave another house with a cat]"
Major Boobage,Man,"Goodbye, Scrambles. [his daughter cries into his left pant leg] We'll miss you. [nearby, the cats are tossed into the DEA vans and taken away]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, night. He's about to cheese when two agents break in and confiscate the two cats he has there"
Major Boobage,Agent 2,Got two here.
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Hey! What the fuck are you doing?!)
Major Boobage,Agent 1,"Sorry, these are illegal."
Major Boobage,Kenny,(What?! No! What are you doing?!) [the agents toss the cats into the van] (You fuckers!) [the van drives off.]
Major Boobage,Scene Description,Cartman's house. Three agents comb the living room
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Look, I told you, I had a cat. But I had it put to sleep 'cause it pissed me off. [the agents soon leave, and Cartman walks up to the dim attic with a small book] Shh. Mr. Kitty, you have to live in the attic for now. [drops the book in front of the cat] Here. Write a diary."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. Butters stands around while Cartman and Stan visit their lockers. Kyle walks up to them."
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Guys, have you seen Kenny?"
Major Boobage,Stan,"Nah, I think Kenny's out sick today."
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Yeah, and he was out sick yesterday too. Guys... [Cartman and Stan turn to listen] I think Kenny isn't here because he's at home cheesing."
Major Boobage,Butters,"Aww, come on. Kenny knows how dangerous cheesing is."
Major Boobage,Stan,"Yeah, and where is he gonna find cats anyway? They've been outlawed."
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Yeah, who has cats these days? [laughs nervously]"
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Pot's illegal too, but people still manage to find it. Ever since that first time Kenny cheesed, he hasn't been the same. You've all noticed the change in him. I'll bet Kenny's at home cheesing right now."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kenny's hallucination. He's back in the alternate world, this time riding a giant bird, but the landscape is the same - breast shapes are everywhere. Kenny sees the large-breasted woman from his first trip, but now she's strapped onto a rack and is being whipped by three burly men. These men are mutants with four breasts instead of two, and two more breasts on their shoulders. Kenny lands and hops off the bird, finds a metal spear nearby, and launches it. It strikes the middle mutant man through the neck and out the sternum, killing him. The other two run away. Kenny runs to the woman, and she smiles at him. They both ride on the giant bird, with the woman's boobs resting on Kenny's head"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Woohoohoo! Woooohoooo! Woooohoohoo!)
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kenny's house. Kyle, Stan, and Butters stand outside his door. Kyle pounds at the door."
Major Boobage,Kyle,Kenny? [pounds three more times]
Major Boobage,Stan,"Kenny, you home? [Kenny yells some more. Alarmed, the boys open the door and enter the house. They see that Kenny was indeed cheesing. Two cats look back at them.]"
Major Boobage,Kenny,[really high] (Wooooooohoohoo! Woo! Wazzup? Wazzup?) [one cat runs out]
Major Boobage,Kyle,Kenny!
Major Boobage,Kenny,[still cheering and making flying motions] (Victory! Ho-Ho! Wooooooo!)
Major Boobage,Butters,"Whoa boy, he's cheesed out of his mind! [Kenny flutters some more, stops, and passes out, falling to the floor]"
Major Boobage,"Stan, Kyle",Kenny!
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Moments later, Kenny is at the dining room table. A lock of his hair peeks out from under his hood. Butters has prepared a cup of coffee and gives it to him. Stan and Kyle stand nearby"
Major Boobage,Butters,"There you go. Well, try some coffee, Ken."
Major Boobage,Kenny,[groans]
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Kenny, we need to have a serious talk."
Major Boobage,Kenny,"(No we don't, guys.)"
Major Boobage,Stan,"Yes, we do. We're your friends, dude. We're not gonna let you ruin your life."
Major Boobage,Kenny,"(I'm not ruining my life, okay? Will you guys just back the fuck off?)"
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Look at yourself! You've got to lay off the cheese! [abruptly, Kenny vomits, stops, then vomits again. Some of it gets on Butters' face and shirt.]"
Major Boobage,Butters,"Yeah, that's it little buddy. Just let it out."
Major Boobage,Stan,"Kenny, I know we're super-cool and everything, but if we ever catch you cheesing again, we're gonna tell on you."
Major Boobage,Kenny,"[exhausted] (Ugh, okay, okay, I just wanna sleep now.)"
Major Boobage,Butters,"Yeah, he needs some sleepy night-night, doesn't he, buddy?"
Major Boobage,Kyle,[grabs the other cat as it walks up to him] We've gotta keep this away from him.
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night, Cartman's room. He's asleep. A cat meows and awakens him. The cat meows again"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"[sits up] Mr. Kitty, shhh! [Mr. Kitty meows a 3rd time] Damn it! [gets up and leaves the bed. A small door to the attic opens and Cartman pops in with a candle. Mr. Kitty is nearby] Shhh, Mr. Kitty you have to be quiet, or else they're gonna find you. [Mr. Kitty goes to a window and meows. Cartman follows him to the window] What?! [looks out a half-moon window and sees a cat, it meows] It's the neighbor cat. He hasn't been caught yet. [Mr. Kitty meows] No- no, Mr. Kitty. I know you like Rufus, but he has to fend for himself. [Mr. Kitty meows] I can't hide anymore cats, Mr. Kitty. [crosses his arms] I'm in trouble enough as it is. [Mr. Kitty paws at Cartman] All right, all right, fine. [heads to the attic door and goes downstairs, closing the door behind him]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, outside. Cartman appears around a corner dressed in overcoat and fedora"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"[whispers and motions] All right. Come on, Rufus. Quietly. [two kittens walk up next to Rufus] Oh jeez, no, no, I can't hide you all. [they all look at him sadly, one of them meows] I'm sorry, you'll just have to find somewhere else to- [the cats lower their head further while focusing on Cartman, Cartman starts to have tears in his eyes] Well, I suppose I'll get in just as much trouble for four cats as for two. Come on. [turns and leaves]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day, Kyle's room. Sheila enters with folded clothes, walks to Kyle's dresser, and starts putting his clothes away. After putting away a pair of briefs she spots a cat hidden between his shirts and his briefs"
Major Boobage,Sheila,Huh? [removes the clothes hiding the cat] Oh my God... [moments later she's downstairs standing next to Gerald.]
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Kyle! Kyle, can we talk to you for a minute, please?"
Major Boobage,Kyle,[walks up to them] Yeah?
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Kyle, have you been getting high?!"
Major Boobage,Kyle,[shrugs] No.
Major Boobage,Gerald,Then why did your mother find this [holds up a bag of contraband - the cat] in your dresser drawer?!
Major Boobage,Kyle,"[holds his hands out in denial] All right, look, th-that isn't mine. I'm just holding it for a friend."
Major Boobage,Sheila,"[pointing] Don't lie to us, Kyle!"
Major Boobage,Gerald,How long have you been on the cheese?!
Major Boobage,Kyle,I'm not cheesing. I've never cheesed once in my life.
Major Boobage,Gerald,Get up to your room right now until your mother and I figure out how to deal with this!
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Dad, will you just listen to me for a second?"
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Now, Kyle!"
Major Boobage,Kyle,God! [goes upstairs]
Major Boobage,Sheila,"Gerald, what are we gonna do? Our son is a cat pee addict!"
Major Boobage,Gerald,First thing is we've gotta dispose of this!
Major Boobage,Sheila,What are you gonna do?
Major Boobage,Gerald,"I'd better just... take it down to the basement for now, m-make sure Kyle can't find it. [heads off]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The basement. The door opens and Gerald enters. He locks the door and goes down a few steps, then looks at the cat."
Major Boobage,Gerald,"[showing a weakness of some sort] No. No, what am I thinking? I shouldn't do this. [continues down the steps] I've been clean for ten... years. I haven't even been near a cat. [getting dramatic] But then that report said our kids were doing it too, and... and I knew Kyle would have the same sicknesses I used to have... Now a cat is in our home, and it's too tempting. [approaches a contraption similar to the one Cartman made, but this one has a movie projector and screen. He takes the cat out of the bag and straps it into the contraption] I... I'll just do it one more time. [ties the cat's tail to the roof of the contraption's frame so there's no obstruction] One. Last. Time. [unfurls the screen] Then I'll call the police; have them pick up the cat. [moves a large empty box aside] And then I'll never do it again. [kneels down at the table and grabs the projector's trigger] After this one... last... time... [click. The projector begins to roll and a cat appears onscreen. The cat in the harness gets excited and begins to snarl. It finally squirts and Gerald stumbles backward a bit. He walks backward and freezes, his eyes unfocused]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Gerald's hallucination. He enters the same alternate universe Kenny has been in, but he's flying a B-17 bomber called Jewish Princess. He lands on the same desert planet Kenny landed on earlier. He gets off the plane and is greeted by the large-breasted woman"
Major Boobage,Gerald,I couldn't stay away. Curse your rockin' tits!
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. The doorbell rings. Cartman rushes to answer it."
Major Boobage,Cartman,Who is it?!
Major Boobage,Woman,"[with a foreign accent] Please! Open the door. [he opens the door, and a middle-aged woman stands before him] They say you are hiding cats."
Major Boobage,Cartman,"[quickly looks both ways] Hiding cats? [nervously] Why, that would be illegal. [backs into the living room]"
Major Boobage,Woman,"[enters] You don't understand [kneels] My little Nishka, [produces the cat] She has nowhere else to go."
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Oh oh no no, I cannot possibly take in another."
Major Boobage,Woman,But they will find her.
Major Boobage,Cartman,"I've already taken in the Andersons' cats, and the Willinskys'. There's simply nothinng else I can- [his weakness comes through as the cat gazes at him] Then again... perhaps I could find space for just this one more..."
Major Boobage,Woman,"[hands him Nishka, Cartman takes Nishka and pets her] Oh, you show such kindness in such darkest of times. [begins to sob. Cartman joins her]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Cartman's attic, or secret annex. Cartman opens the door and is about to drop Nishka in when something catches his attention"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"What the hell? [Kenny has somehow found the cats and is squeezing them to get cheesed. His face and parka are covered with concentrated piss. He grabs another cat and cheeses some more] Kenny, get out of here!"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Woooooh! Woooooh!) [Kenny dances out of the attic]
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Aw, crap- Kenny! [Cartman begins to follow him down, but stops temporarily] Bad. Kitties."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, day. He's moping around when the doorbell rings"
Major Boobage,Kyle,Dad! Somebody's at the front door! [the doorbell rings twice and Kyle goes to his room door] Well am I grounded or not?! [the doorbell rings three times] Ugh. Fine! I'll get it! [leaves his room and opens the front door]
Major Boobage,Stan,"Dude, we've got a big problem. Cartman says Kenny is really messed up."
Major Boobage,Cartman,"He's cheesing his fucking balls off, dude."
Major Boobage,Kyle,[quizzically] What?
Major Boobage,Stan,He apparently got to all the cats Cartman's been hiding in his attic.
Major Boobage,Kyle,"What are you doing with cats in your attic, fatass?!"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"They're innocent victims in this, Kyle! They have to hide or they'll be put to death! Something you just can't understand! [crosses his arms and looks away. Stan opens his mouth in shock, Kyle looks angrily at Cartman]"
Major Boobage,Stan,"Come on, we've gotta find Kenny before he hurts himself."
Major Boobage,Kyle,"I can't. My dad grounded me. Wait a minute, where is my dad?"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The huge Steamline building the large-breasted woman led Kenny into before. This time, she leads Gerald in."
Major Boobage,Gerald,Hey everybody. Good to see you again. [Gerald and the woman head for the fountain. They both start undressing.]
Major Boobage,Father,Hold! You cannot yet caress my daughter's awesome boobage!
Major Boobage,Gerald,Huh... how come?
Major Boobage,Father,There is... another suitor. [Kenny walks into view]
Major Boobage,Gerald,"What? [sees who it is] Get out of here, kid!"
Major Boobage,Kenny,"(No, fuck you! She's my girl!)"
Major Boobage,Gerald,You're too young for this stuff!
Major Boobage,Father,"This must be decided at the Breastriary in Nippopolis! [the woman hides her privates, her father's arm blocks a full view of her breasts]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The Breastriary. It's built like the Colosseum in Rome, but each level has a different design... made of concrete breasts. The interior too is made of breast-shaped pieces, including a magnificent entrance made of ten massive breasts"
Major Boobage,Father,Now fight for the Loc-Nar trophy! [the camera pans down and left to reveal a golden trophy made of two female statuettes kneeling back to back and holding their arms out. The woman places her breasts on their hands so it looks like the actual trophy is her breasts.]
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The Breastriary floor. Kenny and Gerald face off in a joust on giant ostriches - who also have big breasts. Their lances have protective tips made of a giant breast for each lance. The rivals hold their lances up, bring them down, and charge at each other. They knock each other off the ostriches and the crowd roars. The father, emperor of this place, sits down to enjoy the match. Kenny grabs a sword with a hilt made of a pair of breasts. Gerald grabs a breast-shaped shield and a battle ax with a normal blade on one side and a pair of breasts on the other. They are evenly matched, as neither can gain an advantage over the other."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"A sand box in a city park, day. Gerald and Kenny are fighting in it, oblivious to the crowd gathering around them. They grunt and punch each other. Kyle, Stan, and Cartman show up and Kyle spots Gerald"
Major Boobage,Kyle,Dad? Dad! What the hell are you doing?!
Major Boobage,Jimbo,They've been goin' at it for a good thirty minutes.
Major Boobage,Gerald,"She's mine, you little asshole!"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Get the fuck off of me!)
Major Boobage,Sheila,[arriving] Gerald?!
Major Boobage,Scene Description,A news report. A Channel 4 news reporter stands by
Major Boobage,Reporter,The key proponent of the cat ban has been charged with cheesing in a public park. Gerald Broflovski is prepared to give a public statement.
Major Boobage,Gerald,I would like to address a personal matter: I have let myself down. And I would first like to apologize to my lovely wife.
Major Boobage,Sheila,Don't touch me.
Major Boobage,Gerald,"And to the people of South Park. [a shot of the town square and its citizens] I was wrong, and I can't let cats take the fall anymore. It's our fault. The people who use cats for their sweet urine. [Kenny looks down in shame] We have to learn that cheesing just isn't worth it. Sure, you get to fight in the Breastriary, and swim in the Fountains of Varnov with the Itty Titty Fairies of Mammary Mountain."
Major Boobage,Stan,[puzzled] What the hell is he talking about?
Major Boobage,Kyle,[eyes closed] I have no idea.
Major Boobage,Gerald,"And then you fight the Boob Goblin in the Gazongas Cave, and then the girl may thank you for it. But she. Isn't. Real."
Major Boobage,Randy,And you never really get a good look at her naked boobs anyway. [Sharon glares at him.]
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Problem is, the more you go into that world, the more you need to go. Until you start blowing off all the real people who care about you. [Kenny looks down again]"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Yeah. I guess so.)
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Cats aren't the problem. We made cats illegal and and then I cheesed for the first time in ten years. And kids are always gonna find a new way to get high. Like sniffing glue or licking toads, or fermenting feces or huffing paint. You can also look at-"
Major Boobage,Stephen,"[cupping Butters' ears so Butters can't hear anything] Uh okay, that's probably good, Gerald."
Major Boobage,Gerald,"The point is, I was wrong. Its time to legalize cats! [grins wide, then begins to cheer] Heh yeah! Hooray for Gerald! Hey, let's hear it for Gerald! [crowd remains silent]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The camera drops down and focuses on Scrambles' house. The DEA agents return and gives Scrambles back to his family"
Major Boobage,Girl 2's father,"Scrambles! So good to have you back! You ain't sore at us, are ya? [Scrambles hisses, then scratches the father all over his head. His frightened wife and daughter leave him alone] Ahh! Get him off! [the boys, standing across the street, turn around]"
Major Boobage,Stan,I'm sure glad that's over with. [the boys turn left and walk away]
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Me too.)
Major Boobage,Cartman,"But you know, we've all learned something, you guys. We can never persecute living beings and force them into hiding. It's wrong. [Kyle stops]"
Major Boobage,Kyle,[cross] And you don't see any parallel between that and anything else in history?
Major Boobage,Cartman,"[strokes his chin] Mmmmmmmmmm nope. I have no idea what you're talking about, Kyle."
Major Boobage,Stan,You guys! Check it out. [smiles] It's Kenny. [Kenny has crossed the street to reach a flower patch. He picks one out and inhales deeply] Isn't that great? He's just getting high on life.
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Yeah. [Kenny begins to grab more flowers with gusto to get more of their aroma. The other boys get worried] He's getting... really high on life. [Kenny begins to snort and grabs all the flowers he can, treating them just as he did the cats earlier.]"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Dude, he's getting super-wasted on life."
Major Boobage,Kyle,"[runs to Kenny] Kenny! [Stan and Cartman follow. Kenny falls in Kyle's arms, goes into spasms, and then freezes, his eyes unfocused]"
Major Boobage,Stan,What the hell kind of flowers are those?
Major Boobage,Kyle,Kenny? Kenny?!
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kenny is back in the world of his hallucination, back in the modified Thunderbird. He's flying through space with the large-breasted woman at the wheel. Every planet and moon looks like a breast or pair of breasts."
Major Boobage,Kenny,"[dances in time with the music, then gazes up at the woman's bouncing boobs] (Woo-hoo-hoo!)"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,The Thunderbird goes into warp and disappears.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"The South Park Elementary school gym, day. The students have been called to show up there. Mr. Mackey comes out and stands in front of a big TV and between two bulky tower speakers"
Canada on Strike,Mr. Mackey,"Students, quiet please, m'kay? As you may or may not know, today is Canada Appreciation Day."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Oh God, I'm bored already."
Canada on Strike,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the World Canadian Bureau. Uh start the tape please? [exits right as the tape starts up. A Canadian flag appears onscreen]"
Canada on Strike,WCB President,"[appears in his office onscreen] Hello, I am Stephen Abootman, President of the World Canadian Bureau. Do you ever stop to think how important Canada is to the world? Right now, I would like all students of Canadian descent in this school to stand up. [no one moves a muscle until one lone Canadian boy, Ike, stands up.] Just look at all these fine Canadians in your school. See how diverse they are. When you think of Canada, what's the one thing that comes to mind?"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Gayness! [everyone laughs and looks at Ike, who looks chagrined.]"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,That's right: spirit! What is it that makes Canada so important?
Canada on Strike,Craig,Nothing! [everyone laughs harder and looks at Ike.]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, day, a crowd stands in front of a building with G on it."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"My fellow Canadians, for too long we have been pushed around, and ridiculed! Yesterday was supposed to be a day of appreciation and understanding! Instead, Canada Appreciation Day was mocked worldwide! [the crowd begins to clamor]"
Canada on Strike,Man 1,[wearing #10] Nobody takes us Canadians seriousleh!
Canada on Strike,Lumberjack,"It's like the world doesn't respect Canada at all, eh?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,That's right! And I think it's time for Canada to show the world just how bad things would be without it! Together we can send a message! It's time for Canada ...to strike!
Canada on Strike,Woman 1,Did you say strike?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Yes! Every Canadian join me! Join together!
Canada on Strike,Man 2,"Canada, on strike."
Canada on Strike,Man 3,"Canada, on strike."
Canada on Strike,Canadians,"[a different crowd shot for each ""Canadaaa""] Canadaaa! Canadaaa! Canadaaa! Caaanaaadaaa! Canada on strike! Canada says ""No more!"" No more neglect! We want respect! That's what we're striking for! All you bureaucrats and corporate cats"
Canada on Strike,Border Guard,Can all just take a hike! [rolls down his window shade]
Canada on Strike,Canadians,"[large crowd] It's Canaada! On Strike! [they whip out their strike signs] Canada on strike! From Vancouver to St. John's [both locations are shown], We raise our middle fingers for you all to sit upon! [a hockey team] And with our fingers up your ass, [workers at The Canadian Maple Syrup Company] you won't be very psyched [workers in the building drop syrup barrels from the upper floors] It's Canada! On Strike! [Mounties march in a circle] And we will not bow a bunch! Our resolve is strong! [A conductor leads a group of singers] We even took three hours to rehearse this striking song! [a trumpeter leans in and toots.] [Pizza Nut] Canada on strike! No matter where you are, [On TV at Café 180] If you are Canadian then you've got to do your part! March out of the halls!"
Canada on Strike,Café 180 patron,"[stands up and poses] That's right, suck my Canadian balls! [runs out and poses] It's Canada! On Strike!"
Canada on Strike,Canadians,[the camera zooms out to a view from space of a nation of singing Canadians] It's Canada! Canada! Canada! On Strike! [a lone Canadian laughs somewhere]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"The United Nations, day."
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,"Ahhh, when you say ""Canada is on strike"", what exactly do you mean?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"What do you think it means?! [pounds the table] We're striking, buddih! No more! That's it! Until we get what we want"
Canada on Strike,French delegate,Who exactly are you to authorize this strike?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,I'm Stephen Abootman! Leader of the WGA!
Canada on Strike,French delegate,The WGA?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[crosses his arms] Yes! The World Canadian Bureau! [the other delegates don't react.]
Canada on Strike,French delegate,What exactly does Canada want?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,We want: more... money!
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,[with mustache] Yeah! More money!
Canada on Strike,Japanese delegate,More money from where?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Just more money! You know! Canada doesn't get enough money! Other countries have lots of money; we want, we want some of that money! Hu- how about- the Internet? The Internet makes lots of money! So give us some of that money!"
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,Yeah! Give us Internet money!
Canada on Strike,British delegate,"A Mister A- Abootman, you seem to- not understand how ...global economics works. I think that-"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Don't give me that fat-cat fancy lip-wiggling! Are you gonna give Canada more money or not?! [pounds his fist on the table a few times]
Canada on Strike,British delegate,I'm afraid we can't.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Then you leave Canada no choice. [heads for the doors. His aides open them and he heads out] This strike shall continue! [the aides head out, closing the doors behind them.]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"A snowy night in South Park, a shot of Kyle's room through his window. Kyle heads to the front end of his room to look out the window. Out on the sidewalk stands Ike with his own strike sign: ""HONK if you support CANADA"" Cars pass by without stopping. Kyle suffers for him. A car pulls up and Ike turns to face it"
Canada on Strike,Husband,"""Honk if you support Canada"" He- hey honey, watch this. [honks twice]"
Canada on Strike,Wife,"[looks at him] Oh, we're supporting unions."
Canada on Strike,Husband,That's right; we're a very progressive couple.
Canada on Strike,Wife,"Yes. [reaches over and honks the horn] Oh, that's fun!"
Canada on Strike,Husband,Well we've done our good deed for the week. I think now I can make love to your anus without making God angry.
Canada on Strike,Wife,Oh really? Goodie! [they drive off. Ike watches them leave]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan, Butters, and Cartman are watching TV. Kyle walks in from outside"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Guys, I'm really worried about my brother."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,We don't care. *urp*
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"You should care! This strike affects everybody, fatass!"
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Sh ush ush, it'sa it's on!"
Canada on Strike,Butters,Yippie!
Canada on Strike,Announcer,It's the Terrance and Phillip Show. [Terrance and Phillip in] Today's episode: I Fart Huckabees. [Terrance and Phillip are shown dressed in Viking warrior outfits]
Canada on Strike,Butters,"Aww, this one again?!"
Canada on Strike,Stan,"God, they've replayed this one like eighty times now!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Say Phillip, I just bought this new hybrid car."
Canada on Strike,Phillip,Oh? Does it run on electricity?
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"[the boys say the line too] No, it uses natural gas. [they do raspberries as Terrance farts on Phillip. Terrance and Phillip laugh]"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,Not as fat as your face!
Canada on Strike,Butters,"Huh, it somehow loses its punch after multiple viewings."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"God damn it, when are they going to air new Terrance and Phillip shows?!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,There aren't gonna be new shows! Don't you get it?! Terrance and Phillip are Canadian! We have to get Canada to end this strike!
Canada on Strike,Stan,"It's not a big deal. We can just watch American comedy. [""Terrance and Phillip"" disappears and ""Family Guy"" comes on]"
Canada on Strike,Peter Griffin,"You think that's bad? Remember the time I sang ""La Cucaracha"" for Paul McCartney?"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,[jumps off the couch and runs to the TV] No! NOOO!
Canada on Strike,Peter Griffin,La Cucaracha- [Cartman turns off the TV and faces his friends]
Canada on Strike,Cartman,We are NOT... resorting to that!
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Striking Canadians, day."
Canada on Strike,Canadians,We want more! We want more!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! [Terrance and Phillip walk up to him]"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Look, buddih, me and Phillip need to go home for a bit."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Go home?! You can't leave the picket line!
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"But this is taking too long, and Phillip is diabetic."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Look, guy, we are to stay strong! If you don't stand with your fellow Canadians, then you are a rat!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Don't call me a rat, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your buddih, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"He's not your friend, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your guy, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"He's not your buddih, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your friend, guy! [all three fall silent, and Stephen goes forward] Don't you two understand anything?! You think striking is a joke?! You think it's something to ridicule?!"
Canada on Strike,Weird Hat Guy,"[pops in] Yah, you think this is funnih?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[moves to address the whole crowd] Don't you see that we have to stand together or else we have nothing?!
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,[runs up with a cell phone] Stephen! Stephen! A call came in from the United States! They want to talk to you aboot ending the strike!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"What did I tell you?! I told you we'd get to them sooner or later! [the crowd gets excited and starts chatting] Shh, shh, quiet everyone! Let me handle this. [everyone falls silent as he takes the call] Yes. This is Stephen Abootman, head of the WGA."
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Uh, hi, we want you to end this strike. [he's calling from his house, with the other boys standing back aways]"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Oh you do, huh?! [muffles the phone, then tells the others] They've had enough. They want us to end the strike. [everyone cheers] Quiet, quiet, shh, shh, sh- quiet, quiet! Let me deal with this. [the Canadians fall silent and Stephen returns to the phone] All right, we're prepared to end this strike! If you are agreeing that we should have more monihhh!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,We totally think you should have more money.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Wwe got 'em! We did it! [jumps up and down with much energy. Everyone cheers. ""Great job!""] All right, how much are you gonna give us?"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Huh? Well we don't really have that much money.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Oh, negotiating hardball, are we?! What about all that Internet money?!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,The Internet?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"You listen to me, friend! [walks away from the crowd so they don't hear him so loudly] You'd better figure out a way to get us our fair amount of money, and until you come back with a solid fair number, I'm finished talking to you, you slimy corporate dickhead! [hangs up, then faces the crowd] Don't worry, don't worry. This is how negotiating works. This is good. We've got 'em by the balls."
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Kyle looks at the phone dumbfounded. The other boys walk up
Canada on Strike,Stan,What'd they say?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,They said we have to give them money that we make on the Internet.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,How are we supposed to make money on the Internet?
Canada on Strike,Butters,"Well, how do other people make money on the Internet?"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,We'd have to put something up on the Internet that everyone would find fascinating.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,[steps up] Wait. I've got it.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"A video. Butters is on a stage with bluescreen so it looks like he's actually in a spaceship. He's in his normal clothes, and he begins to dance. To his right rises Spaceman Butters, and to his left rises Pajama Butters."
Canada on Strike,Butters,"I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt [the teddy bear outfit returns] I said what what? In the butt You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? [Stan gives a thumbs-up. Cartman does the same. The video is on YouToob] Let's do it in the butt. O-kay! [from behind a big chocolate heart] It's okay [Butters floating in space] Ih-if you have a little fight [Nelly in her room watches the video] Don't you worry [Butters bites into the heart] I won't bite (Not that hard) [Spaceman Butters] If you want it [a man watches the video] I'll give you power Just be gentle [Flower Butters] I'm delicate like a flower Give it to me, if you please Give it to me, if you please"
Canada on Strike,Nun,Oh my.
Canada on Strike,Butters,"[now in three voices] I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt [wearing black jeans with ""what what"" on the butt] I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? [a naked Butters holds a rose] You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? Let's do it in the butt. O-kay!"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Kyle's room. The boys have been watching the video from there
Canada on Strike,Cartman,There's more people viewing it!
Canada on Strike,Stan,This is going great!
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"[walks over to the window] Don't worry, Ike! The strike will be over soon! [Ike is on his back]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, night. The Canadians are beat. Some walk around listlessly, others have facial hair, all have bags under their eyes"
Canada on Strike,Tom,"And in other world news, the leader of Japan today is calling for an increase in military spending."
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,How come they never mention anything about us?! When are they gonna get to the strike?!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Don't worry, the strike is big news. I'm sure it will be one of the top stories."
Canada on Strike,Tom,"In other news tonight, it the Internet video that has already seen over ten million views. A young confused-looking boy dancing and singing a song called ""What What (In My Asshole)""."
Canada on Strike,Reporter,"[in front of Butters' house] Tom, in just one week the video has become the most watched thing in all of America. [Butters appears at his bedroom window and waves at the camera] The boy in the video, referred to by most as ""that little gay kid"", [Butters stops and leaves the window] has already been asked to appear on Jimmy Kimmel and The Today Show."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Aw damn it that's not news! What about us?!
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"Look, ah, Stephen, Terrance and I were talking andeh, well it's, it's starting to look like maybe we're not gonna win this thing, you know?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,We'll win! We'll just have to stay resilient!
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"Wull, yeah, but everyone is dying of starvation."
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Yeah, let's give it up, guy."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Don't call me your guy! I'm not your guy, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Well I'm not your friend, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Well I'm not your buddih, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Woman 2,Wait! Here it is! Turn it up! We're on!
Canada on Strike,Tom,"And finally tonight, a new development in the Canada strike. For those of you who don't remember or don't care, Canada has been striking for more money. [the Canadians cheer]"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"All right! Shh! I told you, I told you, listen, listensh, listen listen listen."
Canada on Strike,Tom,"In a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of people from Denmark are flooding into the United States with hopes of taking the place of the striking Canadians."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,What?
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,An airport. A plane from Denmark is parked on the tarmac and Danish people pour out of it. The Danish have both Canadian and normal features - Canadian bodies and jaws and normal eyes
Canada on Strike,Female reporter,Do you really think you Danish can replace the Canadians?
Canada on Strike,Danish man,"Well, where we come from it's pretty cold too, ja. We like hockey and nobody really pays any attention to us."
Canada on Strike,Danish woman,Nobody knows where Denmark is.
Canada on Strike,Danish man,"Right. So when you think about it, we're the Canadians of Europe."
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Back in Canada
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,SCABS! How could you?! [runs up to the TV annd destroys it with one kick]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"A lobby, somewhere. DIM, it says. Department of Internet Money. Stan and the boys walk up to the help desk. They look around before Stan steps forward"
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Ah, hi. We made a really successful thing on the Internet, and we'd like to collect our money."
Canada on Strike,Clerk,Take a number and wait with everyone else.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Ma'am, perhaps you don't recognize the Internet sensation Little Gay Kid from YouToob."
Canada on Strike,Clerk,[not taking time out from her work] Take a number and wait with everyone else! [Stan takes a numbered slip from the dispenser and leads the other boys to some seats in a waiting room nearby]
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"[slowly, a little creepily] Chocolate Raaain."
Canada on Strike,Butters,Aaah. [another man walks up to the boys]
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"Hey, I know you. You're the ""What What (In My Asshole)"" kid."
Canada on Strike,Butters,"[insulted, crosses his arms] ""What What (In The Butt),"" sir."
Canada on Strike,Stan,It's Tron Guy. I saw him on YouToob.
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"Yeah, sure. All the biggest Internet stars are here. You remember, of course, Numa Numa. [to his right is the Numa Numa guy. He begins dancing to a song]"
Canada on Strike,Numa Numa Guy,"Ma-iyahi Ma-iyahu Ma-iyaho, Ma-iyaha ha."
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"And the Star Wars kid. [the kid starts to dance around as in his video] And the Internet sensation Cute Sneezing Panda. [as in its video, the mother panda sneezes as soon as her child moves] And there's Dramatic Look Gopher. [the camera pans by a lonely girl and focuses on the gopher, who seems to notice the camera is on him. He quickly turns to face the camera and freezes]"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Wow, I've seen all you guys on the Internet!"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"[to Butters] So, how many people have seen your Internet video?"
Canada on Strike,Butters,Uhhh a few hundred thousand?
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"Huh, mere peanuts. Chocolate Rain has done gangbusters. Theoretically, I'm a millionaire."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Dude, screw you. Your Internet thing was so last year."
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,[jumps in out of nowhere] Leave Chocolate Rain Guy alone! Leave him alohohone! I'm serious! [a phone rings and Kyle digs into his pocket]
Canada on Strike,Kyle,[finds the phone...] Excuse me. [...leaves his seat and exits the waiting room. Then he takes the call] Hello?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[sitting on a cardboard box] You greedy corporate fat cat. You said you would get us moneh.
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Wait we're working on it.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[stands and moves forward] You're stalling! Because you think I'll give up. You know that most Canadians are talkin' about giving up the strike already. [coughs away from the phone] You've got me over a barrel and you know it!
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Sir, we're doing everything we can."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"You want me to say it again?! You've got me over a barrel! There, you happy?! You've got me bent over a barrel with my tender ass just waiting to be pulverized by your thrusting manhood! [Kyle stays quiet] Do you realize how stupid I'm going to look if I call off the strike after starting all this?! I won't do it! You hear me, guy?! You're wrong! No matter what happens I will never call of this strike! Even if it means we all. Die."
Canada on Strike,Kyle,We don't want you to die.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Then you'd better hurry. We don't have much longer. The blood will be on your hands. [slowly hangs up]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Back at the waiting room... Kyle returns
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"We have to speed this up! [to Chocolate Rain Guy] Uh, can we collect our Internet money in front of you, please?"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,I don't think so. Nothing takes priority over Chocolate Rain.
Canada on Strike,Star Wars Kid,"Oh, here he goes with the ego again. Who crowned you the top Internet star?!"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,I did. When I became bigger than all you bitches.
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"Oh please, Laughing Baby had four times as many views as you! [the baby begins to laugh and laugh...]"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"You'd better shut your fuckin' mouth, Laughin' Baby!"
Canada on Strike,Afro Ninja,Did you all forget about Afro Ninja? My Internet thing was bigger than anybody's. I made over a hundred million theoretical dollars.
Canada on Strike,Star Wars Kid,Well Sneezing Panda is theoretically worth billions!
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,You all wanna motherfuckin' die?! [whips out a Glock and cocks it]
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,NOOO! [grabs the gun and tries to wrestle it from Chocolate Rain Guy]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,A battle royal begins. Tron Guy whips out a frisbee and chucks it at Numa Numa. It hits Numa Numa's left cheek
Canada on Strike,Numa Numa Guy,Haw!
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Afro Ninja fights the Star Wars Kid, Numa Numa fights Tron Guy, Chris Crocker fights Chocolate Rain Guy. Afro Ninja knocks Star Wars Guy away with his nunchucks, then tries a back flip and falls on his face. He gets up groggily and stumbles away. The baby laughs some more"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Okay, forget it. We'll wait our turn."
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,Hai Hayaaa!
Canada on Strike,Numa Numa Guy,"Ma-iyahi Ma-iyahu Ma-iyah- [kicks Tron Guy in the balls, then lands a left hook on his face]"
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,[jumps in to separate the two men] Leave Tron Guy alone! Leave him alone! [the baby continues laughing. Chocolate Rain Guy grabs Chris Crocker by the hair and drags him around. Chris is screaming]
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"Get ready for some chocolate pain, bitch! [aims his right at Chris' head. Chris quickly bites Chocolate Rain Guy's right leg, making him drop the gun. The mother panda mauls Numa Numa, Tron Guy throws his frisbee again, and Chris Crocker jumps in again]"
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,"Leave the panda alone! Leave her alone, I'm serious! [the mother panda stands on her hind legs and just swats Chris out of view, killing him. Chocolate Rain Guy reaches for his fallen gun, turns around, and kills Star Wars Kid with two shots. The mother panda mauls Tron Guy to death, and Chocolate Rain Guy kills the panda with four shots. He then aims at the gopher]"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"Thought I forgot about you, Gopher?! [the gopher, who's facing away from him, suddenly turns its head to him, looking at him intently] Ughhh, my brains. [his head swells up and explodes. His body staggers for a few seconds, then falls to the side. One last bullet leaves his gun and blows the gopher's head off. Anyone who was involved in the battle is gone]"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,Sweet. I think we're next in line now.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Ike is still on the front lawn, still on his back. He blinks"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, day. Everyone there is now tired out. Some have died, as they have X's where their eyes should be. The camera moves forward to the G (for Government) building, then flies up the side until it reaches Mr. Abootman's office. Mr. Abootman looks out the window at the crowd beneath him"
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,"[opens the office door] Stephen!, Stephen! They're here! They've come to negotiate!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[turns around] What?! You mean it?! [Kyle and friends walk in]
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Okay, we did it."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Who the hell are you?
Canada on Strike,Stan,We're the ones you told to get Internet money.
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Here. [hands Mr. Abootman the money] We made ten million theoretical dollars. It's all for you. [Mr. Abootman takes the check and looks at it]
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Theoretical dollars? What am I supposed to do with that?! [turns away] You little timewasters!
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Hey, we worked really hard to get this theoretical money!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Yeah. Everyone thinks I'm a homo now.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"...You are a homo, Butters."
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Dude, will you just end this thing now?! My little brother is gonna die!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Nooooo! I'm not gonna look like an idiot! If I fucked up and led everyone astray, the last thing I'm going to do and admit it! [the phone rings and he turns to answer it] Yes, this is the head of the WGA. The World Canadian Bureau."
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"The UN, day. A conference call - the leaders talk to Mr. Abootman over a speakerphone"
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,"Ah, Mr. Abootman. It's the global world summit leaders. We want to talk to you about the strike."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,You... You do? You wanna negotiate?!
Canada on Strike,French delegate,"No, actually we were just wondering if, when you're all dead, we can use Newfoundland for a new global theme park. [Mr. Abootman drops the phone and begins to weep. He walks away with his hands over his eyes]"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"[picks up the phone] Hello? Will you just give this guy something, please?!"
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,Excuse me?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"[Mr. Abootman leans on the door, crying] He just doesn't wanna look like an idiot, so he wants everyone to think the strike was for something. Just, just give him anything!"
Canada on Strike,French delegate,"Well, we could give Canada some small consolation prize"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"If they give you something small, will you end the strike?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Will they... act like they're giving Canada a lot so everyone thinks I did a good job?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Can you act like you're giving him a lot?
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,"Sure, why not?"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, moments later. Mr. Abootman steps outside to the podium and makes an announcement"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,We have won! [no one reacts: they're all too tired to]
Canada on Strike,Lumberjack,Well how much did we get?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Well, we uh, we didn't get everything that we wanted, but... we negotiated hard and... we got these... [holds up some coupons] coupons to Bennigan's! And... [holds up a bag of sweets] free bubblegum... for every Canadian. [his aide steps forward and claps really fast. Other Canadians begin to clap their hands] These coupons entitle every Canadian to a free meal at Bennigan's. With the purchase of a meal at equal or greater value, of course."
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,We did it! [aide 2 steps forward and claps really fast. Other Canadians begin to clap their hands]
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"My friends. This is the greatest victory in Canadian history. [headlines follow: The Canuck Reporter has ""Canada Wins The Strike"". Canadiety has ""Strike over! Canada Victorious!"". Canada Today has ""Strike Victory Party Set For Next Week"".]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"South Park, Kyle's house, front lawn, day. Ike is still half-buried in the snow. A taxi pulls up to the curb and lets the boys out"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Ike. Ike! [Ike wakes up] It's over.
Canada on Strike,Ike,[stands up] It's over?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Yeah. Here you go. [hands him a Bennigan's coupon and a gumdrop. Kyle and the others head indoors]
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Boy, I'm sure glad that's over with."
Canada on Strike,Butters,Me too!
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Yeah, but you know, I learned something today. We thought we could make money on the Internet. But, while the Internet is new and exciting for creative people, it hasn't matured as a distribution mechanism to the extent that one should trade real and immediate opportunities for income for the promise of future online revenue. It will be a few years before digital distribution of media on the Internet can be monetized to the extent that necessitates content producers to forgo their fair value in more traditional media."
Canada on Strike,Stan,...Yeah.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, the Victory Party. Kool & The Gang's ""Celebration"". Everyone is just standing around. The camera pans from left to right. Mr. Abootman and his aides appear. They're all dancing"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Yeah, we did it! Celebrate, everyone! Woohoo! [the reason for everyone standing around is shown: a memorial wall on one side of the room has pictures of everyone who died during the strike. Mourners walk up with bouquets and drop them off at the table in front of the wall.]"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Hold on a minute! Wait just a second! [the music stops as Terrance holds out a calculator] We just did some calculating! By NOT working during the strike, Canadians lost more than 10.4 million dollars!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,And our Bennigan's coupons and bubble gum is worth roughly... three thousand and eight dollars!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Don't look at that. Come on, friends, let's dance."
Canada on Strike,Phillip,You had no idea what you were doing and now you're trying to make it look like you won so that we won't set you adrift!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Damn it friends, don't you see? We won for future Canadians, guy. So the little guy doesn't get pushed around anymore. This was a victory for Canada's respect. [Terrance and Phillip don't believe what they're hearing]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,The shore of a lake. A man picks away at a block of ice. Two other men come and push it away. On it are Stephen Abootman and his aides
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Eh?! What do you think you're doing?!
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"We're setting you adrift, idiot!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,Maybe you can go live with the Danish!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"You'll regret this day, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"I'm not your friend, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your buddih, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"He's not your guy, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"[loud and drawn out] I'm not your friend, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance & Phillip,"We're not your buddih, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"[now far away] I'm not your guy, friend!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's classroom. She's seated behind the desk, crying and pulling out tissue after tissue, baring her soul to the class."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"It's like, my whole life has just been one big screw-up, you know? [wipes away tears, then throws the tissue away] I admit it, I was I was sexually lost. I was, and then I see this person on Oprah. She was a woman but then she got a sex change, became a man, but... then she got pregnant and is having a baby, which means she's still a woman all along. That means I'm really still a man, I'm... I still feel like a man"
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,Are we gonna get tested on this?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"This sex change was a big mistake, okay? [blows her nose] I was on a lot of painkillers at the time and I thought it was what I wanted."
"Eek, A Penis!",Stan,"[to Kyle] Dude, wanna do some math problems?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"[tosses another tissue away, grabs another one] And then, I go to the doctor, right? And I say ""Doctor, I wanna go back to being a man,"" and he says ""There's been too much damage. You can't go back. Where are you going to find a penis?"" [gets up, and his chair topples over] Whattaya mean, where am I gonna find a penis?! [throws a bust] I'm a man! I deserve a God damned penis! [throws some tissues, some books, and an apple towards the class. Stan closes his eyes shut so nothing gets in them. Mrs. Garrison grabs her chair and crashes it through a window. Then he punches the wall, knocks the metal drawers over, and kicks the desk, grunting all the while]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"[not seen] Mr. Gar- Mr. Garrison! [he stops and looks up. He sees Mr. Mackey and Principal Victoria, her arms crossed, at the door] Could we speak with you please?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[walks out of the classroom still sniffling] What do you want? I'm trying to teach.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mr. Mackey,"Uh, we think it's best you not teach until you get your personal life in order, m'kay? [Principal Victoria walks into the classroom and closes the door]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Ohhh it's so easy for you, Mackey! You have a penis! [walks away in a huff]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Ooookay students, um, obviously we've had a little emergency with your teacher, so uh, while we deal with this, we need one of you to lead the class and review for tomorrow's quiz."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[raises his hand] Oh! Me me, me. Me! Me me! Me! Right here! Right here right here."
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Uhh, who, who else would like to be teacher for the day? Anybody else? [no one else volunteers. Cartman stands on his chair and raises his left arm high]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Principal Victoria. Right over here. Nnnnnh!
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Any other volunteers, perhaps?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[now on his desk and stretching that left arm up higher] Rrrrrrr! Principal Victoria. Principal.
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"All right, all right, fine. Eric, you lead the class."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Yes! [walks up next to Garrison's desk]
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Now, just lead a review over whatever Mr. Garrison's been teaching you, and I'll be back to check on you shortly. [leaves the classroom and closes the door.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[turns to the board and walks up to it. He grabs the wooden pointer and smacks it softly against his left palm] Well well well. Who's teacher now? [whips it against the floor] Yeahhh. Who's teacher?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,"You're not the teacher, fatass."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"That's Mr. Cartman now, Kyle! And you will be wise not to interrupt my class unless you want to be suspended! [whips the pointer against the floor] Yeahhh. [whips the pointer against the floor again] Mmm yeah, you like that? [Kyle just rolls his eyes] All right, Clyde, you're first! Get up here! [whips the pointer against the floor again] Yeah, you're gonna take it, Clyde. [waves the pointer around a little and follows it with his eyes.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's house, day. She's laying on her sofa with her tissues, crying."
"Eek, A Penis!",News Anchor,"And so it appears that the local farmer's market could be soon facing complete closure. In other news tonight, a South Park bio company is coming under fire for genetically engineering body parts onto laboratory mice. This picture of a mouse [a picture of a mouse with a human ear growing on its back] genetically altered to grow a human ear has already sparked waves of protest."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[now attentive] What?
"Eek, A Penis!",News Anchor,But the scientists say the process could help thousands of people who've become disfigured and need ears or noses.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Holy Freaking Jesus.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, day. ""Tomorrow's Fortune is Today""."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, inside. Researchers move around. One of them is talking to Mrs. Garrison"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Using common genetics and cartilage scaffolding, we can graft almost any body part onto a mouse and allow it to develop. Here's the mouse you saw on television. [Mrs. Garrison looks at the mouse] Once the ear fully forms, it can be transplanted onto a person."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Doctor, what about a penis?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Well, a penis is something a man puts into a woman's vagina."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"No, no. If I gave you some of my DNA, could you grow a penis on a mouse for me?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,You don't understand: doing this stuff is very expensive. And we've never tried a penis before; there's no guarantee it would work.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"I will give you all the money I have to just try. Please. Doctor, I'm a man trapped in a woman's body. I need a penis."
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"All right. [Mrs. Garrison grins] All right, let's see what we can do."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Principal Victoria's office. Mr. Mackey is there, as well as two school officials"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Eric, we've called you in to commend you for your role as student teacher."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Ey! Don't commend me! It's the students' fault for being so stupid!
"Eek, A Penis!",Mr. Mackey,"Uh, ""commend"" means you've done a great job, Eric. Hm'kay?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"[looks through some papers] After leading your class through review, your schoolmates scored higher than they ever had on their tests. Whatever you did really worked on them."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[at ease] Oh, well, thank you. I believe strict discipline along with compassion for my students is catamite to their learning."
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,These gentlemen from the Denver County School Board have something they want to ask you.
"Eek, A Penis!",Board Rep 1,"[a black man] Young man, word of your success as a student teacher has started the whole board thinking. We would like you to try your methods on one of our inner-city school classes."
"Eek, A Penis!",Board Rep 2,"[a white man] These kids just won't listen to any adult teachers and, since you handled your class so well, how would you like to give it a shot?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,That sounds like a chance to really make an impact on some students who need it most. How much will you pay me?
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The neighborhood bus stop. The bus pulls up and opens its doors. The boys walk out and turn right
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Three hundred bucks! Did you hear what I said, you guys?! My awesome teaching skill is gonna earn me three. Hundred. Bucks."
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,You're not an awesome teacher!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Whatever. The whole class scored super-high on the test.
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,The only reason we scored high was because we took the answers out of Garrison's desk! And you know it!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of Garrison's desk?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,Kenny's!
"Eek, A Penis!",Kenny,"(Yeah, that was my idea.)"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Oh yeah. But whatever, I'm gonna go teach those underprivileged inner-city students and really turns their lives around."
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,"Do you know what those kids are going to do to you?! A little middle-class white boy telling them what to do? They are going to fucking murder you! [walks away. Stan and Kenny follow. Cartman is scared, then he starts thinking]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Maybe he's right. I'd better be careful how I look.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Cartman's bathroom. He's standing on a stool checking himself out on the vanity's mirror. He whips out a partable hair trimmer and raises it to his hairline. He shaves his head down the middle...
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Jon Davis High School, day. Urban music plays as the establishing scenes go by. There are security scanners at the front door which all students pass through, and two security guards to go through their belongings if the students set off the scanners. The kids at this school are doing anything but studying: fighting, making out, smoking, throwing paper wads at each other..."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,A classroom. The students there are quite rowdy
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal,"[enters] Students, quiet! Quiet please! [a wad of paper goes her way and hits] Give me your attention!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 1,"I'll give you my attention. All night long, Mrs. Miller. [the class laughs]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,"[the principal] You're on thin ice, Rodriguez! Now listen up! The Denver County School Board has sent over a special guest teacher."
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,Ohhhhhhhhhhh.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,This may be your last shot at graduating from high school at all! I want you to welcome... Eric Cartmanez
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[dressed as Jaime Escalante] Hello students. I'm Eric Cartmanez. [holds up his left thumb] Your new teacher.
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 2,What the hell is thiiis?
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,I am here... to teach you calculuuus.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, day. ""Tomorrow's Fortune is Today""."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, inside. Researchers move around. One of them is talking to Mrs. Garrison"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Iii think you're going to be very pleased with the progress, Ms. Garrison."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Mr. Garrison! [they approach an incubator]
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Sorry, Mister Garrison. Your DNA has replicated and grafted very successfully with the mouse. And so... here's your penis. [Mr. Garrison gazes into the incubator. A mouse is wrapped in gauze all over, and a penis is riding on its back]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Wow! My penis looks great!
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,Yes. It's a fantastic penis. Congratulations.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,How long before it's ready?
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Welll, it still has some forming to do, but fairly soon."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Let me see if it feels right in my hand. [opens the incubator door and reaches in...]
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,No! Don't open the- [the mouse escapes]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Whoa no!
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 2,Don't let it get out of the lab! [the mouse reaches the entrance and escapes when an unsuspecting researcher opens the door from outside]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Mah penis! [gives chase, and some researchers join him] Stop, penis! Come back here!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The classroom at Jim Davis High. Cartman hands out syllabi
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Okay, everyone take a sillibus and pass it to the amigo behind youuu."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 3,"Hey man, what the hell do you think you're doing?!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 4,Yeahhhh.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Mr. Cartmanez is here to make sure you all get into collehhhge
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 5,"Getting into college? Maaan, we ain't gettin' in no college! Fuck you! [the rest of the class voice their protests as well. Cartman turns his back to them and looks down]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"How do I reach these keeds? [faces the class, his left hand tucked under the left pant pocket] The reason that you think you can't get into college is because you haven't been taught... how to cheat properly! How do you think white people always get ahead? Because we cheat all the time- I mean because they cheat all the time. [holds up a picture] This is Bill Beelichick, coach of the New England Patriots He's won three Super Bowls. How? He cheated. He even got caught cheating, and nobody cared. Bill Beelichick proved that in America it's okay to cheat. As long as you cheat your way to the top."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen Girl 1,"Hey, I don't wanna be called a cheater!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"No no. If you cheat and fail, you're a cheater. If you cheat and succeed, you're savvyyy."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,This is bullshit. I don't wanna waste my time learning to cheat.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Go ahead, the door's right there. [turns left] Bye-bye, have fun, we will miss youuu. [the boy walks to the door and leaves. Cartman turns away from the class and sighs, dropping the photo] How do I reach these keeds?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"The community park. The boys are playing in the sand box, making a sand castle. They've brought their toy trucks along. Both Butters and Kenny are present. Mr. Garrison sees them and runs towards them."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Boys! Boys, have you seen my penis? [the boys can't figure out what he's talking about.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,What?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"My penis is on the loose! If you see it, just try to catch it with some cheese. [runs off]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,[rubbing his temples] Ow. That hurt my brains. [the pain gets worse] Oww.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Jim Davis High, another smoggy day. The boy who walked out of class is playing basketball alone in the school yard. He shoots and misses, and goes for the ball, but it rolls towards Cartman, who picks it up."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Nice form, compadre. [walks towards the basket with the ball]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"Hey, I walked out of your class, teacher. Look, I don't wanna argue with you about the merits of cheating."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Who wants to argue on a nice day like theees? How about a little pickup game? [whistles] Hey paisanoo, can you keep score for us? [a scoreboard is shown, and a boy on the platform looks over at him]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 7,"Sure thing, Mr. C."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[gets into position] Okay, you start on defense, amigo. [dribbles the ball for a few seconds, then whacks the boy on the right shin with a collapsible pointer]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,[falls down and grabs his right leg] AAAAH! [Cartman continues towards the basket and scores. The score is now 1-0 Visitors]
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Ohoooh, that's one to nothing, amigo!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,You cheated!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"What's the score, ese? Okay, let's go, your turn. [the boy is on offense. He dribbles for a few seconds and moves to the basket, but Cartman again takes out his pointer and whacks the boy's left shin. The boy falls again, and Cartman steals the ball and scores again. The boy at the scoreboard updates the score: 2-0 Visitors] That's two to nothing, amigoo. [his opponent stands up]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"Fuck you, man, you can't do that!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Look at the scoreboard, amigo. No matter how many times you say I cheated, the scoreboard says two, nothing. [throws the ball back at the boy]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"I know what you're trying to say, but I still don't agree with it. [throws the ball away and limps off]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Two to nothing, ese! Two to nothing! [sighs] How do I reach these keeds?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Linda is washing dishes when she hears something squeak."
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,"What is that? [turns around and looks. The modified mouse runs across the kitchen floor; she screams and hops onto a footstool, then lifts up her skirt] Eeeek! Eeeek! [the mouse runs across the floor again, in the opposite direction] Eeeek! Eeeek! [hops off and runs to the living room entrance] Stephen! Stephen come quick!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"[reading the paper with a pipe in his hand] What is it, dear?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,A penis is loose in our kitchen!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,A penis?
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,Yes! It just ran across the floor!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Now darling, calm down."
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,Calm down nothing! I don't want that penis running through my house!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Hoh, women. Always afraid of penises. [Butters smiles. Stephen gets up from his armchair and walks to the kitchen. Butters joins him. The mouse runs across the floor again]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,"There! There, you see it?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Oh, it's just a little penis, darling."
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,I don't care. It's probably got all kinds of diseases. [the mouse runs across the floor again]
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,Hey wait! I think that's teacher's penis!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,Your teacher's penis?
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,"Yeah, that must be his."
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Butters, how do you know what your teacher's penis looks like?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,[didn't quite get it until...] Huh?
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Jim Davis High School, day"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Today we will discuss one of the fundamental ways to cheat: getting material ahead of time. [hops onto a box so he could write on the chalkboard. He draws a video camera aimed at a box marked D] When Bill Beelichick cheated for the Patriots, what did he do? He videotaped the opposing team's defense. Think of the defense as your test. When taking a test you must also videotape the defense. Learn what's on the test before they give it to you. And that way you can- [the errant student returns]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,I thought that... well maybe I can give cheating a try.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Have a seat, amigo. Good to have you baaack. [the student takes his seat] All right. Now, when Bill Beelichick got caught with his camera, he did not panic. He simply said what every good white cheater says when caught: ""I mis-interpreted the rules."" It's what you must also say when caught cheating! ""I mis-interpreted the rules."" Say it with me."
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""I mis-interpreted the rules."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Good. Again.
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""I mis-interpreted the rules."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Again!
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""I mis-interpreted the rules."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Now you sound like white people!
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"[now with pounding fists] ""I mis-interpreted the rules!"""
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,South Park Supermarket. Stephen and Butters have finished shopping and are packing the groceries into their car. Mr. Garrison is talking to them
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,What the hell do you mean you just put my penis outside?! Why didn't you call me?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Look Garrison, my wife didn't want a penis in the house. I had to get it out."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Well now how am I supposed to find it?! It could be anywhere!
"Eek, A Penis!",A woman,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK! [the three guys look up]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Holy Crap! [takes off after the sound.]
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The Komfort Inn. The screaming woman stands on a box while her husband looks at her annoyed
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman,Eeeek! Eeeeeek!
"Eek, A Penis!",Husband,"Carole, get down from there!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman,Noo! Didn't you see that penis just now?! Eeeek!
"Eek, A Penis!",Husband,I'm sure that penis is way more scared of you than you are of it.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[pops into view] You saw a penis?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,[inside the Inn] Eeeeeeeek! [Mrs. Garrison rushes in]
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The Komfort Inn Fitness Room. Mrs. Garrison finds the woman standing on a chair with her legs crossed
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,"Oh, it's so big and disguuusting. Eeek. [the mouse runs across the floor and Mrs. Garrison gives chase. The penis-mouse runs down the hall and into a steam room]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"[runs down the hall] Come back here, penis! [enters the steam room and looks around] There you are! Got you! [backs out of the steam room holding a penis... which is attached to a man. Garrison looks at the penis more closely, then at the man's face] Hey, you're not my penis. [the man punches her across the face] Ogh! [the penis-mouse runs out. Garrison lets go and gives chase again] There it goes! Stop you!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Cartmanez' class. He's giving the class the answers for the upcoming test
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,The answer to #27 is 5.
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,[repeating] The answer to #27 is 5.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,The answer to #28 is 14.
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""The answer to #28 is 14."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen Girl 2,"Man, what's the point? [grabs her books and heads for the door] What's the point of any of this? [cries and exits]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"All right, uh, everyone review the section on sportscasters forgiving the Patriots for cheating and saying it was no big deal; I'll be right back. [leaves the classroom and looks around for the girl] Melita! Melita, hold on. [walks up to her] You can't quit now. Come on, what's wrong with you?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,"There isn't any point to all this. I won't be going to college. I'm pregnant, all right? I just found out, and Eduardo isn't going to help me raise it."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[sighs] How do I reach these keeds? [turns around and faces her] All right, let's go get you an abortion."
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,No. I'm Catholic. I think abortion is wrong.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Abortion isn't wrong! What's the one thing I've been teaching you?
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,That cheating is good?
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Yes! And abortion is the ultimate form of chea-ting! You're chea-ting nature itself. [Melita turns right and walks off a bit] Why do rich white girls get ahead in life? Because they get abortionnns when they're young. They get pregnant, but they still want to go to college, so, whatever, they just cheat. They cheat that little critter in their belly right out of a chance at life."
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,"I don't know, Mr. C."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Mexicans are told not to cheat. ""Don't cheat! You got pregnant? You have to raise the child."" So then you have to raise the child while the white girls get to go to college and probably have a bunch more abortionnns. [walks around to face her] It is at our most challenging times that we must cheat... our very hardest."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Mr. Garrison files a police report"
"Eek, A Penis!",Sgt. Yates,[taking notes] And the last time you saw your penis was two days ago? [a police sketch artist works on a portrait]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,That's right.
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer Harris,Long whiskers or short?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Short, and little fluffy ears."
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer Harris,"Fluffy ears, okay."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Think you got it, Mitch?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mitch Harris,"I think so, sir. Is this pretty close? [shows his sketch to Garrison: it's Mickey Mouse with a giant boner under his shorts]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"[disappointed] No, no, not like that! That's just silly. [an officer walks into view]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer,"Sir, we might wanna get a unit down to the Italian restaurant on Kentner."
"Eek, A Penis!",Sgt. Yates,What is it?
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer,Call just came through. Seems a penis broke in and tried to eat their cheese.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Wall come on! [runs out. The two other officers follow him]
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Buca de Faggoncini Italian Restaurant, night. Diners are eating their meals, and a small penis-mouse appears on the floor"
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,[quickly jumps onto her chair and lifts up her skirt] EEK!
"Eek, A Penis!",Man 2,[looks around] What's the matter?
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,A penis!
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 3,[quickly jumps onto her table and lifts up her skirt] A penis? Where?
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 4,"There it is! [quickly jumps onto the table at her booth and lifts up her skirt] Eek! [the other women at the restaurant do the same thing, and soon all you hear are ""Eek, a penis!""]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[enters the restaurant followed by the three officers] Where is it?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Mitch Harris,"Look, there! [points to the mouse as it heads to the kitchen. A waiter doesn't notice the mouse passing by him]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Come on! [he and the officers run to the kitchen]
"Eek, A Penis!",Chef,What'sa that peenis doing ina myii kitchen? [wields a rolling pin]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[entering with the cops] Huy! Don't you dare kill my penis! [the mouse leaves through an open window] Crap! We've gotta go back around!
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Outside. The penis-mouse climbs along items behind the restaurant and runs along the top of a wooden fence. The camera follows it past the moon in the distance. The mouse stops and looks at the moon
"Eek, A Penis!",Mouse,Someone somewhere is loving me tonightLooking at the same moon and seeing it so bright.
"Eek, A Penis!",Penis,Someone somewhere is feelin' my despair
"Eek, A Penis!",Mouse,Feelin' my despair
"Eek, A Penis!",Penis,And this same moon is
"Eek, A Penis!","Penis, Mouse",[together] making them think of that-.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"There it is! [the mouse runs away. Garrison gives chase again, with the cops and the chef joining him. The mouse runs to the sewer and drops in] No! Nooo! [dives after it, but can't reach far enough in to get it] No! No!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mitch Harris,There's not a chance now.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"No we, we can find it! [looks intensely down through the grate]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Sgt. Yates,"Sorry Garrison, your penis is gone. Afraid there's nothing more we can do. You'll just have to live with being a woman. A very ugly one. Come on, men. [they leave. Garrison stands up, beat]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Cartmanez's classroom. Mrs. Miller and Cartman stand before the class.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,"Students, I want to congratulate you on your amazing test scores. The school board is so impressed with your progress that they are going to let you take the standardized advanced placement test for college credit. [a quick cheer goes up] The test is going to be heavily monitored in a private room at their location to assure that there can be absolutely no cheating."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Uh what?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,The test will be tomorrow. Make us proud. [turns right and leaves the classroom]
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 8,Monitor us in a private room?
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 3,Now they're gonna know we've been cheating all along.
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 2,I knew it man! You made us believe in your way and now it's all for nawthing!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Ih it's not for nothing. Ih, if you're good enough, you can cheat right in front of them."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 8,"[stands up] Shut up, man! You reyally screwed us all!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"How do I reeeach these keeeeds?! [the boy, cowed, slips back into his seat. Cartman faces the board] Just before the last Super Bowl, Bill Beelichick gathered his football players and said, ""Let's win this one for real. Just this one time. Let's not cheat."" You know what happened? [dryly] They lost. [faces the class] Even if you feel all eyes are upon you, you cannot give up on chea-ting! Or else you can lose the biggest game of your lives."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen Girl 1,"Yeah, come on, we can do this, guys."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,You are the true dreamers. Tomorrow you will prove it. We will begin by reviewing how to print out cheat sheets as labels for your bottled water.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"A bus stop across the street from Buca de Faggoncini, night. Mrs. Garrison is on her back on the bench, crying"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"You did this to yourself, Garrison. Get your hopes up with a stupid genetic experiment and now all your money's gone along with your penis. [a squeaky thing is heard. Garrison notices and stops crying] Well what the? [raises her head and looks down, then looks towards her feet. The mouse that has been fleeing all night is now struggling to get on the bench] Why... it's my penis. [the mouse is now wholly on the bench] My penis came back. But why? [the mouse moves closer. Mrs. Garrison lowers her left hand to the bench. The mouse walks onto her hand, and she lifts it up] I guess it's true. What's that old saying? ""If you love your penis, let it go..."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Jim Davis High School Auditorium. Mrs. Miller addresses the audience while Mr. Cartmanez' class stands behind and to the left of her
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,The standardized advanced placement test is considered one of the most difficult and carefully monitored tests in the country. Twenty-four of our students took the test and all twenty-four scored 100% [their parents applaud. Melita and a short boy look at each other]
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"Uh, can we say something?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,"Sure. [leaves the podium. The short boy reaches for a plaque and hands it to the taller boy, who now takes the mic]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"We would like to present this plaque to the person who taught us the White People Method. Mr. Cartmanez! [Cartman, standing far from the podium and off to one side, walks up to the podium and reaches the mic. The students gather 'round him and clap as adults take pictures.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[basking in the success] I reeached these keeeds.
