Super Best Friends,Buddha,"[on a little screen on Jesus' unique watch] This is Buddha, Jesus. Go ahead."
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"A futuristic headquarters, somewhere... Jesus appears on a giant screen as Buddha awaits Jesus' answer"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Buddha, we may have a problem. I've just encountered a magic I've never seen before."
Super Best Friends,Buddha,I'll call everyone together. Come as fast as you can.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Come, Stanley. We must travel far and long."
Super Best Friends,Stan,To where?
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Distances unfathomable to man. Yea, take hold of my robe, Stanley, and do not open your eyes."
Super Best Friends,Stan,[shuts his eyes] I am ready.
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Inside an airplane. Jesus and Stan have center seats, and Stan's eyes are still shut"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,Are you still keeping your eyes closed?
Super Best Friends,Stan,Yeah.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,Good. Want some peanuts?
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, night. Blaintologists gather in the main room, and a new member is having his hair shaved off"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Congratulations, sister. You have heard the noble truth and are now a Blaintologist."
Super Best Friends,Steven,"[rushes up to the podium] Everyone! Everyone, gather 'round! I have great news for all Blaintologists, and for our new members as well. We've just gotten word from Mr. Blaine himself: The government has denied our church's request for tax-exempt status!"
Super Best Friends,Member,But... we want tax-exempt status.
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Yeah. Why is that good news?
Super Best Friends,Steven,Be-cause! Mr. Blaine has arranged for all Blaintologists members from every city and state to march into Washington and demand our right for tax-exempt status by committing a mass suicide!
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Mass suicide?
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Mr. Blaine has said that by killing ourselves in Washington, we are guaranteed everlasting happiness in the afterlife!"
Super Best Friends,Member,"Hehehe, that sounds good. [other members echo the sentiment]"
Super Best Friends,Steven,Get your things ready. We leave for Washington at dawn!
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"[jubilant] Did you hear that, guys? We're finally gonna die!"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,A blue sky in a big city. The camera pans down to show Jesus and Stan in a park-like setting
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Alright, Stanley. You can open your eyes now. [before them is a stone-and-glass building] This is the hall of the super best friends, Stanley, the headquarters for those who stand for what's right."
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"Jesus, we've been working hard since we got your distress call!"
Super Best Friends,Loa Tse,Who the kid?
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Stanley, I want you to meet some of the super best friends [they are shown when mentioned]: Buddha, with the powers of invisibility; Mohammad, the Muslim prophet with the powers of flame [he raises his hands palm up and a blast of flame emerges from each hand]; Krishna, the Hindu deity; Joseph Smith, the Mormon prophet; Lao Tse, the found of Taoism [performs some martial arts moves with his cane]; and Seaman, with the ability to breathe underwater and link mentally with fish."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"So you mean to tell me that even though people fight and argue over different religions, you guys are all actually friends?"
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"More than friends, young boy, we are super best friends, with the desire to fight for justice."
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,"We all believe in the power of good over evil. Except for Buddha, of course, who doesn't believe in evil. [Buddha shrugs and grins]"
Super Best Friends,Stan,Wow.
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"Jesus, come look at this. [they walk to the monitor console with Stan following] After your distress call, we entered David Blaine in the super best friends' computer."
Super Best Friends,Seaman,"[operating the console] Many interesting things showed up. He was raised in New York city by a decent family, but a freak washing-machine accident at the age of 12 made him learn the ways of the black arts."
Super Best Friends,Buddha,"That's right, Seamen. [the other super best friends laugh at how Buddha said Seaman's name]"
Super Best Friends,Seaman,[insulted] Sea Man!
Super Best Friends,Buddha,Uh that's what I said. Seamen. [the others laugh some more]
Super Best Friends,Seaman,Stop it!
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, dorm, night. Kyle walks up to Cartman's bunk."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"[whispering] Cartman! Cartman, wake up! Cartman!"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"[sits up abruptly, knocking Kyle off the bed] No, Paula Poundstone! Leave me alone! Eyuh! Uh? [now alert, if confused, and Kyle stands up]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,It's just me.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,[sighs silently] Brother Kyle? Why do you disturb my rest?
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Dude. I don't think I wanna be a part of this anymore.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,What?
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"I think Stan might've been right. Anyway, I think it's going too far. I mean, if I kill myself, it's gonna make my family really sad."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Yeah, I know what you mean. I don't wanna die either. [points to his groin] I haven't even gotten my pubes yet."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"I think we should bail. If we leave the group, maybe other people will get the courage to leave, too."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"That co- ugh. [drops to a whisper] That could be difficult, Brother Kyle. But alright, listen: Why don't we sleep on it? If we decide to leave the faction, we can... do it in the morning."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Okay. Okay, you're right. [goes down the ladder to his own bunk, underneath Cartman's, and Cartman turns over to sleep] Oh uh Cartman: thanks. [goes to sleep. Later, he wakes up inside a large domed platform. Reflections of five adult Blaintologists and Cartman can be seen on the glass dome. He sits up and blinks] Cartman? [He tries to move, but encounters the glass. He taps to make sure] What the hell? [Camera pulls back to reveal...]"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, main room. The Blaintologists and Cartman look on."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,I told on yoo-ou. I told on yoo-ou.
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"What have you done, Cartman?!"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"This is for your own good, Brother Kyle."
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"You must understand, brother Kyle, twah, you know too much about the Church. If you left now, you'd become a danger to our cause."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Ah, and you know what else Kyle said? Um Kyyyle, he said that if we were all gonna commit suicide, that he wouldn't do iiit."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"[knocking on the dome] Cartman, you fatass tattle-tale!"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,At least I'm not the boy in the plastic bubble!
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"The suicide pact will go as planned. If we die, we all die together. [Cartman and the Blaintologists exit and leave Kyle alone, afraid]"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"the Hall of the Super Best Friends, day."
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"[speaks for the fist time] Meanwhile, at the Hall of Super Best Friends..."
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,"Look at that, Jesus. His followers are growing at a rate even faster than mine! It appears this David Blaine is as dangerous as you and your young friend had feared."
Super Best Friends,Stan,I knew it.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,Here. I have a videotape of his performance the other night.
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,Perhaps we should have Moses look at the tape and see what he comes up with. [Mohammad takes the tape to Moses]
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"Moses, scan this tape. Can you tell us the source of Blaine's power?"
Super Best Friends,Moses,"[just as he appeared in ""Jewbilee""] Give me the information. [Mohammad slips the tape into a slot near Moses' tip. Stan smiles]"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Wow, the Moses."
Super Best Friends,Moses,His magic is a combination of centrifugal line and sleight of hand. Wait a minute: I'm picking up movement from Blaintologists from all over the country.
Super Best Friends,Lao Tse,The Blaintologists are heading to Washington. But why?
Super Best Friends,Jesus,Wait a minute. At his performance David Blaine said something about trying to get tax-exempt status.
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,Omigod!
Super Best Friends,Lao Tse,What?
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,"If he gets tax-exempt status, then he'll become a real religion."
Super Best Friends,Krishna,He would become unstoppable
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Washington D.C., day. The Blaintologists have gathered around the Reflecting Pool in front of the Lincoln Memorial"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Meanwhile, in the nation's capital, Blaintologists from all over the country have gathered to commit mass suicide!"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"[facing the audience, with the Washington Monument in the distance] If the government will not give us tax-exempt status, then we must prove that we are willing to die for our beliefs, twah."
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Alright, brothers and sisters, gather around. [they do so] It's time to drown ourselves in the Reflecting Pool! [he steps down into the pool] However, the-ah Reflecting Pool is a little more shallow than we originally thought, so to drown ourselves, you will need to lie on your stomach, face down, until you die, as such. [drops down into the water and floats on his stomach, expelling air for a few seconds, then groans to death as water fills his lungs. The corpse begins to float away]"
Super Best Friends,Man,"Next! [A woman drops in, than a man...]"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The White House, day. The White House staff gathers at one of the windows to watch. Shown are Princess, Laura and George W. Bush, Karl Rove, and Maggie"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Meanwhile, at the White House..."
Super Best Friends,Karl Rove,"Mr. President, we can't let them all kill themselves!"
Super Best Friends,George Bush,"Well we can't give them tax-exempt status either, Karl!"
Super Best Friends,Larry,[walks in] He-e-ey George! What's gon' on?
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Washington D.C., day. Cartman gets ready to flood Kyle, who's still in the glass dome, with a fire hose. More corpses float in the Reflecting Pool"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Alright, Brother Kyle, it is time for us to die! [pushes the dome into the pool]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Cartman! We've been brainwashed, don't you see? We don't have to do this!"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,[brings the hose over] But it's the only way for us to be happy. [plugs the hose into the dome and releases the water]
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Cartman, no!"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The Reflecting Pool, later"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,Give us what we want or we will continue to die
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Not so fast, David Blaine!"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,Jesus! Not again.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Yes! But this time, I've brought some help! Super Best Friends! [they fly down as they are announced]"
Super Best Friends,Buddha,Buddha!
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,Mohammad!
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,Joseph Smith!
Super Best Friends,Krishna,Krishna!
Super Best Friends,Lao Tse,Lao Tse!
Super Best Friends,Seaman,Sea-Man!
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"The mass suicide is over, Blaine! And so are you!"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"I don't think so. Get them! [Blaintologists go on the attack. Two of them go for Mohammad, who shoots flames at them. They scream.]"
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,"My ice breath should take care of you. [blasts some air at an oncoming Blaintologist, who freezes in place]"
Super Best Friends,Stan,[emerges from the crowd and looks around the Reflecting Pool] Kyle! Kyle!
Super Best Friends,Blaintologist,"Sweet Salvation! [Stan sees the man drown, then notices a boy in the pool]"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Kyle?? [frantically, he goes into the pool and reaches the boy, turning him over. A few seconds of observation and... gasp] Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[off-screen] You bastards!
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Kyle? [looks to his left and calls out] Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[off-screen] You bastards! [Stan looks up and follows Kyle's voice]
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,That takes care of them.
Super Best Friends,Joseph Smith,"Now it's your turn, Blaine!"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Perhaps you need to see some real magic. [floats up to Lincoln's left foot and touches it. His magic infuses the statue with life, and Lincoln breaks free from his chair]"
Super Best Friends,Lincoln,Raaargh! [steps down towards the crowd]
Super Best Friends,Buddha,Oh this looks like trouble.
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"[floating high above the crowd] So long, Super Best Fools!"
Super Best Friends,Stan,[reaches Kyle] Kyle!
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Stan!
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Kyle, you can't kill yourself!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"I don't want to kill myself. They rigged this thing to fill with water! [tremulous footsteps are felt, and Lincoln is shown walking among the crowd of Blaintologists]"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,We've gotta stop that oversized Abraham Lincoln! Mohammad! [Mohammad rises into the air and blasts Lincoln with flames. Lincoln growls and swats Mohammad away with ease] Great Scott!
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"[trying to drown himself from the edge of the Reflecting Pool] Bliegh! [rises. His body is on land] Yugh. Uh, okay, try again. Hep [dunks his head in the water again]."
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Shot of Washington D.C. from the Vietnam Memorial. Lincoln is taking buildings off their foundations and tossing them aside. Krishna, in the form of an eagle, flies over the scene. Flames are everywhere."
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"It is too powerful, Jesus!"
Super Best Friends,Krishna,[lands] It seems to have no weakness!
Super Best Friends,Jesus,There has to be a way to destroy it. [raises his left wrist to speak into the watch] Jesus to Moses!
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The Hall of Super Best Friends, day, at that moment"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Meanwhile, at the Super Best Friends League..."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Come in, Moses!"
Super Best Friends,Moses,What?
Super Best Friends,Jesus,We need to know how to kill a giant stone Abraham Lincoln.
Super Best Friends,Moses,"...Um... Let me think, um... a giant stone John Wilkes Booth?"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"[thinks for a moment] You heard him, Super Best Friends! We've got to make a giant stone John Wilkes Booth!"
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"Krishna, we're going to need wood for a mold!"
Super Best Friends,Krishna,Form of... a beaver! [transforms into a beaver and runs off to chop down trees]
Super Best Friends,Mohammad,"I will find sources to concrete. [points to Seaman] You, get the water to mix it with, Seaman. [the other friends laugh]"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Using the wood that Krishna cut down as a beaver, Jesus uses his master carpentry skills to make a giant mold."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,That should do the trick. Now for some concrete.
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Meanwhile, in the ocean depths, Seaman seeks out water to mix with the concrete."
Super Best Friends,Seaman,"Sea-Man! [lands on the ocean bottom] Look, Swallow, we should be able to divert the water with that pipe."
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"And so, Seaman and Swallow get to... get to work [laughs]"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The Reflecting Pool, later. Water fills the bubble Kyle is in, and he struggles to breathe"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Kyle, you have to hold your breath! [a giant stone hand comes down and grabs the bubble as Stan looks on helplessly. Everyone backs away from the stone Lincoln as it holds Kyle in its left hand. Lincoln shakes Kyle around like a snow globe, and Stan gets mad] Oh, very funny! [Seaman and Joseph Smith pour the raw materials needed for a statue into Jesus' mold, and Mohammad fires the statue like a piece of clay. The likeness of John Wilkes Booth appears on the statue]"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Lao Tse, bring it to life. [Lao Tse puts index fingers to temples and shuts his eyes to concentrate on the task at hand]"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Using his power of Taoism, Lao Tse becomes one with the giant stone John Wilkes Booth. [the Booth statue begins to move. It breaks out of its mold, walks up behind the Lincoln statue, and fires one stone bullet into the back of Lincoln's head. Lincoln's head jerks back, and he falls forward, ending up face down. The bubble falls out of his hand and breaks up on the ground. Kyle is washed out]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Wagh. [sits up]
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"It worked. Now freeze over the pool so no one else can drown themselves! [Quickly, Joseph Smith reaches the Reflecting Pool and blows ice-cold air over it. The water turns to white ice as other Blaintologists try to drown themselves. Cartman tries once more, but looks up quickly]"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Hey, I was just about to do it."
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The Reflecting Pool, later. The crowd of Blaintologists is still there, and the water has melted"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"Later, at exactly the same location..."
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"[now in his escape vehicle, on its own launcher] Damn you, Super Best Friends!"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Your magic is no match for our powers combined, Blaine!"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Then I guess you win this time, Super Best Fools! But I'll be back! [he fires up the little rocket ship and takes off into the sky]"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,Goddamnit! [behind him and the other Super Best Friends is a city in ruins]
Super Best Friends,Buddha,It's alright. Everything is as it should be.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Oh, shut up, Buddha!"
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Our leader, he... he's leaving us! [a Blaintologist, about to drown himself, looks up and sees the ship fly away]"
Super Best Friends,Blaintologist,"Don't leave us, David Blaine!"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"[with mic. Kyle and Cartman stand some distance to his left] Listen up, everyone! [the Super Best Friends gather behind him] You don't need David Blaine to tell you how to live. See, cults are dangerous because they promise you hope, happiness and, maybe even an afterlife. But in return, they demand you pay money. Any religion that requires you to pay money in order to move up and... learn its tenets is wrong. See, all religions have something valuable to teach, but, just like the Super Best Friends learned, it requires a little bit of them all."
Super Best Friends,Blaintologist,"He's right. He... he's right! [the crowd cheers, and Stan walks over to Kyle]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Thanks for saving us Stan. You're my Super Best Friend.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Your my Super Best Friend too, Kyle."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Oh, that's so sweet you guys. [Stan and Kyle are not amused] You wanna go get a room so you can make out for a while? Heheheheheh [Kyle turns and kicks Cartman in the groin, knocking him down]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"[moves away so Stan can have a turn] Haha, hehahaha."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"[Stan kicks him] Ah! [Kyle's turn] Ow, stop it! [Stan's turn] Ah! [they continue taking turns kicking Cartman in the groin — Roshambo!]"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Well, it looks like everything worked out. [the Super Best Friends take off into the air]"
Super Best Friends,Narrator,"And so, Jesus and his companions leave Washington. But their return is assured, for there will always be a need for... the Super Best Friends!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Morning in South Park. Cartman is riding his Big Wheels down the road, singing to himself. He soon reaches the bus stop. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are standing there"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Doodoo doot doo, dadadadada daa, ya da dadaa Doodoo doot doo, dadada daa, heydy heydy heydy, how's it goin', guys?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"What the hell are you so happy about, fatass? [Cartman gets off his bike]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[coolly] Oh, nothing. No big deal, really."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,What's no big deal?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Well, guys, it seems that I am the first one of us to reach manhood after all."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,...What the hell are you talking about?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Well, because, unlike you guys, I just got my first pubes! Ayada da daa, yadadadadee! [dances]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kenny,(You got pubes??)
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"What's ""pubes""?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Pubic hair. He's saying he got his first pubic hair.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,Oh. [to Cartman] No you didn't!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Oh yes I did! I'm becoming a man!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"He's lying. [turns and walks away. Kenny follows, then Kyle]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,You wanna see 'em?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,[turns to look at them] Hell no! [Stan and Kenny turn to look]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[reaches into his pants] Here, check 'em out."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"[looks away and hides his eyes] We don't wanna see them, Cartman! [Kyle turns around, Kenny shuts his hood tight]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"There, see? How do you like them apples! [in his right hand is a clump of pubic hair. The other boys look, with Kyle ready to cover his eyes again] HA!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"[approaches] Uh, what are those? [Stan and Kenny follow]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,My pubes.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,What??
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I got 'em from Scott Tenorman.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,Scott Tenorman? The ninth grader?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Yup. He let me have 'em for just ten bucks. [sing-song] Ha ha ha! I got pubes 'fore you guys did! I got pubes 'fore youuu guys! Ahahahahahahaa ha! [dances a little more]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Cartman, you are so goddamned stupid, it's unbelievable."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[moves in between Stan and Kyle and embraces them, one under each arm, and gloats. Kyle looks at Cartman's right hand] Don't be jealous, guys. [Kyle looks at Cartman] This doesn't mean we can't still hang out. [Kyle looks back at Cartman's hand] It just means that I matured faster than you. [Kyle fears for that hair touching him] You'll get your pubes guys, someday."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Cartman, you don't buy pubes, you grow them yourself!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Uh oo what?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"When you get old enough, you grow your own pubic hair that's attached to you, you fuckin' dumbass!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Nuh uh!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,Yuh huh!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[looks at his purchase] But then why would Scott Tenorman sell me his pubes for ten dollars?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Because, retard, you're dumb enough to buy Scott Tenorman's pubes for ten dollars!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,You're telling me these pubes are worth nothing.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,Yeah.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[walks off in a huff] Huh I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"A lavender house, day. Three teens sit on the front steps"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"And so I told him, I said ""Here. I'll sell you my pubes for only ten bucks."" And this stupid asshole buys them! [the other two boys laugh]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Another boy,Oh man! [Cartman makes his way up to the boys]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Speak of the devil! What do you want?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Uh, yes, I've come to return these pubes that I purchased, please?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Uh uh, I don't take returns!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Right, but you see, I didn't realize, when I bought these pubes from you, that you were full of shit! So you can either give me back my ten dollars, or I can go tell my mom on you!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"You would actually tell your mom that you were stupid enough to pay for my pubes? Huh uh, I don't think so!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Just give me back my money...
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Buyer beware, dude!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Gimme my ten dollars, Scott!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Hehey, I said no! Now get your fat little butt out of here before I kick your head in! [defeated, Cartman walks away]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, later. Cartman rings the doorbell"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[in costume, with briefcase] Hello, sir, my name is Kris Kristofferson. I'm with the IRS. I'm here to collect ten dollars that you own in back taxes."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,You're not from the IRS! You glued my pubes onto your face!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[thinks a bit] Tax evasion is a very serious offense, sir! I suggest that you..."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Alright alright. I'll trade you my pubes back for the money.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"You will? Oh, cool!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"How much did I charge? Uh, oh yeah. Ten dollars. You got change for a twenty?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh. Uh, lessee. [pulls out some money] I only got six dollars and twelve cents."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Oh. well... that's okay. Here. Just... give me the six dollars. [done.] And then I'll... give you the twenty.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,...Okay.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now, give me the pubes, and I'll give you back two dollars."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Right.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now, give me the twelve cents, and I'll give you the rest of your change back."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Cool.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"And then give me the twenty, and I'll give you the pubes. [walks back in the house with his money back]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Sweet! [the door closes] Uh. Oh, goddamnit!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Bijou movie house, later. The boys are going to see a ""BIG WAR MOVIE"""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"That asshole! That big, smelly, ass-sniffin' asshole! I'm gonna get him!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Cartman, can I give you some advice?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Just let it go, dude. You only had sixteen dollars and twelve cents. Count all your losses and move on. He's smarter than you."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"He is not smarter than me! He just charmed me, that's all! He's a charmer, that Scott Tenorman!! But I'll get him someday!! [the boys reach the box office and buy their tickets]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,One please.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,One please.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kenny,(One please.)
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"One please. [with no money, he tries to pay with pubic hair. Nothing happens for a while]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Rick,That'll be six dollars.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"O-kay, and how much is that in pubes?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Rick,We don't take pubes!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Listen, my money is as good as anybody's! Don't you, uh, discriminate against my people by not accepting these pubes."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Rick,We don't take pubes!! End of story!!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Racist! [takes the pubes and runs off]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, later. Cartman rings the doorbell again"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Scott, Scott! Courtney Love is in South Park! She's all drunk and spreading her legs and showing her poonanner to everybody! You gotta go check it out! I'll watch your house for ya!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Okay, I'll buy the pubes back! Here!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[stunned] What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Sixteen dollars! Take it! I-I'll even throw in an extra five! Here! Give me back my pubes!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[softly] Wha-? Uh oo [audibly] why do you want then back so much?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,No reason.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I don't believe you.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Alright alright! The pube fair in Fort Collins.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Pube fair?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"They're paying five bucks a hair for pubes! If I leave now, I can catch the last bus!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Five bucks a hair? The- that's like a million dollars!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Hehere, take your money!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Hoho, I don't think so, Scott! I'm going to Fort Collins myself!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Oh, you can't do this to me! Nooo!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Haha, charade you are, Scott! [runs away quickly]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Have you no heart??
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Bus Terminal, day. Cartman stands in line waiting for a trip to Fort Collins. People are boarding the bus"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[cuts through the line] Ahaaa, what a stupid asshole! Hahahahaha! [enters the bus]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Bus, evening. The sun has already set and Cartman is still on the bus, en route to Fort Collins"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Hohoho! I won a million dollars!! Whew! Ow!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Fort Collins, night. Cartman gets off the bus and walks"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Hahaaha! Ha. Ha. Heh. Huh, excuse me, sir."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Man,Yes?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Can you tell me where the pube fair is?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Man,The pube fair?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Yeah, I have some pubes to sell."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Man,"There's no such thing, you little smartass! [walks away]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,No- no such thing?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Teen boy,"[approaches with a box] Hey, you wouldn't happen to be Eric Cart-man, would you?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I'm Eric Cartman.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Teen boy,"Well, I think this is for you. [hands it to Cartman and walks away. Cartman sets the box down and opens it. He looks in, and a look of shock is on his face. He reaches in and pulls out... more pubic hair]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[screams] Aaah!!!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, night. Cartman rings the doorbell again, this time in the rain. Scott answers. Cartman is soaked with rain, his beanie wrinkling"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"A hundred and six miles, Scott. I had to ride a hundred and six miles in the back of a pickup truck... to get back here"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,You really went? What a 'tard.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Alright, Scott, you win. I give up."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"You do? Wow, you're not as stupid as I thought."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Yeah, I'll see you around. [walks down the steps and towards the street, but stops] Sure is too bad about my grandma, though..."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Your grandma?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[turns around] Huh? Oh, it's... it's not really your concern, since uh-... well, my grandma's in the hospital. She's very sick. The doctors say unless I can come up with sixteen dollars for her operation, they're gonna put her down."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Oh. [strokes his chin] Jeez, I-... I didn't realize that."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Yeah. Poor grandma...
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Hey, kid... Hold on a second ah, ah, I'll get your money. [through the window, Scott is seen going for the money]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[evilly, to himself] Heheheheheh. He's such a douche, heheheheheh. [turns around and returns to the house. Scott returns]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Here you go.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, wow, thanks a lot, Scott! [Scott withholds the money]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,But... just one thing before I give it to you:
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,I just... well... I want you to beg for it.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Huh?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Just... get down on your knees and- beg me for the money.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Why??
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Do you want your grandma to live or not?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[looks around to make sure no one else is watching, then quickly] Please Scott give me my money."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"No, no, get down on your knees. [Cartman begins to get on his knees] Lower your head [Cartman lowers it], and say ""I beg you to give me back my money."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I beg you to give me back my money.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now say, ""I'm a little piggy""."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Say it!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[looks around] I'm a little piggy.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[points to his nose] ""Here's my snout."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[points to his nose] Here's my snout.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"""Oink oink oink."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Oink oink oink.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now dance, little piggy! Dance and oink for me!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[looks back angrily for a few seconds, then] I'm a little piggy; here's my snout. Oink oink oink, oink oink oink. [Scott begins to laugh] I'm a little piggy; here's - Aalrightalrightalright, now give me back my money!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"You mean this? [Cartman brightens up] You really care that much about sixteen measly dollars? I mean, what can you buy with sixteen dollars? My parents give me a fifty dollar-a-week allowance. This pittance means nothing to me. Watch. [holds the bills out and strikes a lighter under them]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What- What are you doing?? [the bills light up and burn from one end to the other. Scott lets the burning bills float away] No!... Wh-why?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now you can't bug me for your dumb money! [turns around and enters the house, shutting the door behind him. Cartman then turns and walks towards the street anew. Halfway there, he looks at his mitts, then grows indignant]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[yells at the sky] Yaaaarrgh! ...You'll diiiiiiiiiie! ...Damn youuuuuuuuuu!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, cellar. The kids in class has been reunited for something important. They're chattering amongst themselves"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[descending the stairs] Concerned citizens, I thank you for coming. [walks to the easel] I know that you are all deeply troubled and want to find a quick and painful way to get rid of Scott Tenorman once and for all! [Clyde raises his hand] Yes, Clyde!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Clyde,Who's Scott Tenorman?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kids,Yeah.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Scott Tenorman is an eighth grader who sold Cartman his pubes for ten dollars, and now Cartman's all pissed off."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[correcting Kyle] Sixteen dollars and twelve cents! He is a disease. He is a cold calculating mind, and I will have revenge!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Butters,Wuh what are you gonna do?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Did you guys see that movie ""Hannibal""? Where the deformed guy trained giant pigs to eat his enemy alive?? Well, if we find a pony [flips the first page over to reveal a drawing of a pony and takes up the pointer with his left hand], we can train it. Train it... to bite off Scott Tenorman's wiener. [the other kids just stare back, but Cartman continues] It will be painful and humiliating! Everyone will see it happen! And then, Scott Tenorman will forever be known as the kid who had his wiener bitten off by a pony!!! WAHAHAHAHAA!!!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,What's in it for us?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Yeah, why should we all care about getting Scott Tenorman back for you?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, right. Why should we care? [slaps the pointer into his right hand] Yes, why should we care? Indeed, eh. Let's just let Scott Tenorman walk away with my sixteen dollars and twelve cents. Hell, let's let all the Scott Tenormans of the world take what's ours and laugh in our faces. Why stand up for yourselves when you can just walk out of here right now and say, ""It's not your problem."" But... years from now, when you're old and have children of your own, what would you give to come back and fight this one day? This one day, when you could have made a difference! Where you could have told Scott Tenorman, ""You may take our pride, but you'll never take my Goddamned sixteen dollars and twelve cents!!"" [flips to the next page, which has written on it ""$16.12"" with double underline] Now who's with me? [turns around to find only Timmy in the basement]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Timmy,Timmay!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[slaps his forehead and sighs] Christ. Alright, I guess it's just you and me, Timmy!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Timmy,"Euuh, livin' a lie, Timmih. [rolls out of the room. Cartman is stunned, then angry]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"A barn, day. Cartman stands next to a scarecrow. He pulls out a frank from a bag of wieners and places it in the scarecrow's crotch"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"There we go. [stands aside] Come and get it. [camera pulls back to reveal a pony nearby] ...Come on, pony, bite the wiener. Bite it. [the pony looks, then approaches] Come on, good pony. That's it! [the pony sniffs the wiener] Now, bite it off! Bite off the wiener! Good pony! [the pony bares its teeth... only to start licking the wiener] Oh no, pony, he'll like that."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,[rushing up with Ned after eying Cartman in the corral] Eric! Are you training that pony to please you?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"No, I'm trying to teach it how to bite someone's penis off. [by this time, the pony is sucking on the wiener]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Oh. Well, does Mr. Denkins know you're usin' his pony? He shoots trespassers on sight, you know."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,He said it was okay.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Alright, then. [turns to walk away, but remembers something] Wait, why the hell are you trainin' Denkins' pony to bite off someone's penis?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Because [ominously] of Scott Tenorman! I hate him! And I want to make him suffer!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Well, son, I think you have a pretty stupid plan there."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[noticing the sucking] Not like that, pony! [slaps the wiener out of its mouth]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Look, if you wanna get revenge on somebody, you've gotta think like a hunter. [the pony reaches for the wiener and starts sucking it again]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Whattayou mean?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,Step 1: Find someone's weakness. Step 2: Exploit that weakness.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,How do I do that?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, night. Cartman appears in the bushes across the street. He pulls out binoculars and checks out the various rooms in the house. He sees Scott in his room, with Radiohead posters on his wall"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,[pops up] What do you see? [Ned pops up. All three are in camouflage]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I see Scott Tenorman. With his ginger red hair and his stupid freckles and his- Goddmnit goddamnit I hate him!!!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"No, young hunter. I mean, what do you see? You must learn all you can about your kill."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Right, right. Let's see... There's posters. Radiohead posters! And he's reading a magazine about Radiohead!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Ooh, what's a Radiohead?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"You know, that band that sings that song: Well, I'm a creep. I'm a winner..."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,"Mmuh, what am I doing here?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Oh, Jesus, don't start singing, Ned!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"So, the subject is a big Radiohead fan, huh? Maybe I should come up with a [British accent] li'l ol' scheme [normal] that involves them."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Nice thinking, young hunter."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Whoa!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I'm looking in Scott's parents' room. Scott's mom's about to take off her bra.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"What?! Give me those! [rips the binoculars away and looks for himself] Holy crow, he's right, Ned! Mrs. Tenorman's lettin' the twins out!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,Mn let me see.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Radiohead. Yes, of course. [drops down]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Dear God, they're bigger than I ever imagined!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,Let me see. Let me see.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Here you go. [allows Ned to look through the binoculars, and Ned begins to masturbate] Wow, those are great. Maybe I should go grab some beers, Ned. Ned, what- a-are you jackin' it?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,Kinda.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Well, stop it! [the porch light turns on and Mr. Tenorman walks out the front door. Jimbo and Ned freeze]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,"Hey, what the hell are you doing out there?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,[hushed] Oh crap!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,Who's out there?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"[hushed] Ned, for Christ's sake, stop jackin'!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,I can't.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,"Don't think I don't see you! I know who you are and I'm calling the police! [Jimbo and Ned witness other men rise from the pushes and split. Among them are Randy, in a Groucho Marx outfit; Gerald, dressed as a clown; Stuart, with a paper shopping bag over his head; one man in scuba gear, and one more man]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,A man,"Whoa, I gotta get out of here! [Mr. Tenorman is left wondering why so many men were there.]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, the next day. Cartman returns yet again and rings the doorbell. Scott answers."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[cheerfully] Oh, hey, Scott. How's it goin'? I was just wondering, do you like the band, uh, Radiohead at all?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Uh huh.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, really? Oh, 'cause, they're doin' a big interview on MTV, and they're playing it tonight on a big screen downtown. [gloats] Everyone's gonna be there!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Oh, cool. Um, thanks for tellin' me."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"You're welcome, Scott. [turns and walks away]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. Cartman stands on a small stage as a crowd gathers. On stage is a big-screen TV and tower speakers"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Okay. Well, it looks like everyone is here. Let's play the video, shall we? [activates the screen and then walks off stage]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kurt Loder,"Welcome back to MTV. We're here with the members from Radiohead, probably the hottest band in the world right now. [Cartman joins the crowd and stands next to Scott, his mood changing from happy to mad] Guys, when is the next album coming out?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[has taped over the band's answers with his own — first as Thom Yorke] That's an interesting question, Kurt. But first I'd just like to say that I really hate this kid named Scott Tenorman. He's stupid. [now as Johnny Greenwood] Yeah, I hate Scott Tenorman too. [Now as Ed O'Brien] I think all the guys in the band hate him, right guys?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus, did you hear that, Scott? [Scott looks down, and ponders Cartman's role]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kurt Loder,And will there be a new tour?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[Now as Phil Selway] Well, we would tour, but we just hate that Scott Tenorman kid so much that we don't want to. [Now as Thom Yorke] Yeah. Scott Tenorman is totally not cool! He's not cool!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Wow, that really sucks for you, Scott. [Scott is gone] Scott? Ha haha ha ha ha! Did you see that? Scott mast have ran home so embarrassed! Ha ha ha ha. And you know what? That wasn't really Radiohead talking! I just dubbed their voices over! HAHAHAHA! [feedback is heard] What a retard! [the kids around him face right] And now everyone saw it! [looks around]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[off screen] Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, it's time for the amazing Pube Boy! [moves aside to show an ever bigger TV, which is turned on. Scott has apparently filmed Cartman earlier begging for his money]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[on screen] '""I'm a little piggy; here's my snout. Oink oink oink, oink oink oink.""' [the kids begin to laugh hard, then harder. The same clip is shown over and over, and Kenny begins to laugh. Soon he can't control himself, and falls over dead. His ghost appears and continues laughing]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"[looks over at Kenny's corpse] Oh my God, he killed Kenny."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[seething with anger] That does it! I'm gonna get Scott Tenorman once and for all!!!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"That night, dark and stormy, appropriate for Cartman's mood at the moment, Cartman's house. A boy possessed, he's in his room devising a new plan. An evil look comes across his face"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Hueah. You think you're so cool, Scott Tenorman? We'll see how cool you feel after this-uh! Yes. Yes! Yes!! [goes into whispers and brings out a protractor and a compass] Then... that... [finishes his plan] Hahaha, hahahaha! Yes! It is the most genius plan ever!! Scott Tenorman is going to wish he never met meee!!! [a truly evil grin appears on his face.]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Mr. Denkins' farm, next day. Cartman is back at the corral waiting for his friends. Stan and Kyle walk up."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Okay, Cartman, what do you want?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Stan, Kyle, thanks for coming. I have it all figured out!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Got what all figured out?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,How to get Scott Tenorman back!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"[rolls his eyes] Oh, Jesus!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"I just finished planning a brilliant [British accent] li'l scheme [normal] that should put Scott in his place for good! And if you help me, I'll give each of you... two... dollars. [holds out two fingers]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Okay, so what's the plan?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"It's the brilliant combination of my last two plans. Scott Tenorman's favorite band is Radiohead, right?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Yeah.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"So, I realized, 'What if we got Radiohead to come here to South Park?' right? Then they could meet Scott Tenorman — and — see him get his wiener bitten off by a pony! [camera pulls back to reveal the setup: pony, scarecrow with wiener attached to groin]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,...What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Don't you see? If I can get this pony to bite off Scott's wiener in front of Radiohead, then Scott would cry. And if Scott cries, then Radiohead will say Scott Tenorman is totally not cool! And that would make Scott Tenorman wanna die!! [laughs demonically] Okay, I'll keep working on the pony, you guys go get Radiohead to play here! Ready? Break!! [nothing happens for a few seconds]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"You're such a dumbass, Cartman. [he and Stan turn and walk away]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"...Fine, I'll do it myself!! You guys just watch!! [walks over to the pony] Ready, pony? [the pony nods] Bite it! [the pony bites off a piece of the wiener] Yes!! [exults]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"London Recording Studio, day. Inside, Radiohead prepares to record. One of them is on the floor reading fan mail"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Johnny,"Thom, will you stop reading fan mail? We have work to do."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"Just a second, fellas. Listen to this: Dear Radiohead, My name is Eric Cartman. I'm a young, supple eight-year-old boy from South Park, Colorado. I am writing to you because of a kid I know named Scott Tenorman. Scott is fifteen, and I'm afraid he has cancer. In his ass. Radiohead is his favorite band, and it would make his short life if you could find it in your hearts to visit him before he dies alone and scared. Won't you please consider it? I don't think he'll make it past... next Tuesday around 5."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Phil,"Wow, we have to go."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ed,To Colorado? But we have an album to mix.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,Didn't you hear the letter?? This poor kid has cancer! In his ass!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, day. A phone rings. Scott answers it in the living room."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Hello?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,[voice at other end] Scott Tenorman?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What do you want?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"We just wanna warn you: Eric Cartman, the fourth grader, is going' to try and trick you somehow into getting your wiener bitten off by a pony who lives at Denkins' ranch."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,How do you know?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"'Cause, we're his friends."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Then why are you telling me?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,'Cause we hate him.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Oh.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Well, we just thought we'd let you know. See ya."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,See ya. [the doorbell rings. Scott walks over to open the door]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,At the front door
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[with tickets in hand] Hello, Scott!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Hey.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"I was just stopping by to invite you to my Chili Con Carnival. It's a chili cook-off with rides. [shows him the face of the ticket] Everyone's coming, and I wanted to drop by your invitation personally!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Ooo, a chili carnival, huh? That sounds great."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[getting smug] Yeah! There is even gonna be a big surprise, so you won't wanna miss it, Scott. Oh, and here! Here's a coupon good for one free pony ride!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Wow, a pony ride. Neat."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, it will be very neat, Scott."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Gosh. Chili, rides, and ponies? What more could I want?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[under his breath] A little penis-biting, perhaps?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Uhnothing, nuhothing! So you'll come for sure then, Scott?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,How can I turn it down?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Sweeet. Killer. Bye, Scott. [Scott turns around and closes the door] Ohoho, you are good, Eric. You are very, very good. [leaves]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,back in the living room
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Mom, Dad, that was my good friend Eric at the door? He told me that there's a starving pony at Denkins' ranch that's been abandoned."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,Oh dear.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Yeah, I feel really bad. But I don't know how I can help it, because I have a lot of homework to do."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,"[drops his paper. Both parents rise] Well, don't you worry, Scott. Your mom and I can go get the pony and have it taken to an animal shelter."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,We sure can.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Wow, would you really? I feel so much better now."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,"[hugs him] Oh, Scott, you're such a loving, caring boy. I'm so proud of you."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"I'm proud of you, too, Mom."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,"Let's go, hon. [heads for the door]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,Let's. [follows her out]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,In the kitchen. Scott is cooking up something... his friends arrive
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 1,"What are you doing, Scott?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What's it look like? I'm making chili. Did you bring the goods?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 2,[holds out a bag full of hair] We got everyone we could find to chip in. [his friend giggles] There are pubes from just about every single kid in town.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Awesome! [yanks the bag away, opens it, and mixes the pubes into the chili]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 1,"Oh, dude!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,The little fat kid thinks he's gonna get revenge tomorrow. We'll see how he likes it when I tell him he just ate the pubes of every kid in town!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 2,"Yeah! [hi-fives Scott, and the three laugh heartily]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The Chili Con Carnival is in full swing. People have already arrived. Stan and Kyle walk up"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[steps out of the ticket booth to greet them] Oh, hello, guys! Thanks for coming to my Chili Con Carnival!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"This is the dumbest thing you've ever done, Cartman."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[smug] Ohoho, it won't be so dumb when Scott Tenorman arrives. I suggest you stay to see the fireworks!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Oho, we will. Trust us. We won't miss this. [looks at Stan, who's smiling]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What's so funny?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Oh nothing, it's just cool how you're gonna get Scott Tenorman back. Is Radiohead here yet?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Not yet, but they will be."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Yeah, sure. [As Chef arrives, Stan and Kyle leave]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,"Hello, Eric!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Hey, Chef."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,I made some chili to enter into the contest.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What contest?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,"This is a chili cook-off, ain't it?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Huh? Oh. Yeah, I guess it is. Uh, here, Chef, just put it over here."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,It's my special recipe.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[seeing Scott, interrupts. Slowly and sweetly] Scott Tenorman!!! How are you, Scott? Thanks so much for coming! [Scott holds a small container of chili]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Oh, I wouldn't miss this for anything."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[overjoyed] Likewise. Well, come on, you've got to see the pony!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Just a second: don't you- wanna taste my chili first?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Well, e-yeah, but, there's a special guest coming, and I want you to be near the pony when they arrive."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Well I don't want it to get cold. I think I can win first prize.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[sighs silently] Alright, Scott, uh. Let's go over to the judging table and we'll try the chili first. [Scott leaves] Goddamnit!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, the judging table. Cartman and Scott take their seats. Behind Scott stand Butters, Kyle, Stan, and Scott's friends. Behind Cartman stand Bebe, Clyde, and Token"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[setting his plate before Cartman] Alright, I guess we should taste each other's chili, huh?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[inspecting the dish] Huh, this chili looks pretty good. Weh, here's mine. [hands his plate to Scott, who takes it to his end of the table and starts eating]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Mmm. Ah, I don't know. Your chili is pretty good, Cartman, but I think mine is better. Try it."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Alright. [takes the dish and starts eating. Both boys munch away for a few moments] Hey, this is great! [Stan and Kyle stifle giggles]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Eh, it's a special recipe."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[begins to wolf down the food] Gawh, this is really good, Scott!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"I'm glad you like it so much, because now that you're almost finished, I have some'in' to tell you."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"What? You mean about how you put pubes in your chili? [Everyone at Scott's end of the table is shocked, even Scott, at this accusation]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What?!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Yehes, I'm afraid this isn't your chili, Scott. I switched it with Chef's. [Chef looks like he's been used] It's delicious, Chef. I hadn't planned on that. What I did plan on, however, was that my friends, Stan and Kyle, would betray me and warn you that the Chili Con Carnival was a trap. [Stan and Kyle are stunned] I assumed that they would tell you that I had trained Denkins' pony to bite off your wiener. What they didn't tell you was that Denkins is a crazy redneck who shoots trespassers on sight. Knowing that you would try and do something to the pony, I warned Mr. Denkins that violent pony killers were in the area. [A shot of Cartman telling Denkins of such a thing. Denkins is armed] I also know that you wouldn't go yourself, for fear of having your wiener bitten off. You would most likely send your parents. [A shot of Scott talking with his parents] And, I'm afraid that when Mr. Denkins spotted them on his property, he shot and killed both your parents. [The Tenormans are in the corral to rescue the ""starving"" pony, but upon seeing Mr. Tenorman's lit flashlight, Mr. Denkins fires at them, and they go down]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Denkins,"[looks of horror surround him] Well, they was trespassin' and I was protectin' myself. I, I have my rights."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,My... mom and dad are... dead? [A shot of Officer Barbrady taking a report from Denkins]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"I came just in time to see Mr. Denkins giving his report to Officer Barbrady. And of course, to steal the bodies... [A shot of Cartman arriving, seeing Denkins and Barbrady, and pulling the bodies away. The pony munches at some grass] After a night with the hacksaw, I was all ready to put on my Chili Con Carnival, so that I could tell you personally about your parents' demise! And of course, feed you your chili. [more faces of horror behnd Cartman] Do you like it? Do you like it, Scott? [A gleefully evil look comes over Cartman] I call it, ""Mr. & Mrs. Tenorman Chili."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[looks at Cartman for a while, realizing what's just happened] Oh my God! [gagging, he fishes through the plate and finds his mom's wedding ring, still on her finger. He tosses it away] Oh my God!! [vomits off to the side]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[leaping up on the table and sings] Nyahnyahnyahnyah nyah nyah! I made you eat your parents! Nyahnyahnyahnyah nyah nyah! [Stan and Kyle are way stunned]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Jesus Christ, dude!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[grief-stricken, he buries his face on the table] My mom and dad are dead! [pounds the table] No! NOOO!! [Radiohead arrives and stands behind Scott. Stan notices]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"Uhm, excuse me?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Who are you?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Johnny,"We're that band, Radiohead."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,[raises his head] Jesus!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ed,"Jeez, what a li'l crybaby!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Colin,"Are you gonna cry all day, crybaby??"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"You know, everyone has problems; it doesn't mean you have to be a little crybaby about it."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ed,"Come on, guys, let's go. This kid is totally not cool. [the members of the band start leaving]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"Yeah, that's the most uncool kid I've ever met."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Phil,Little crybaby!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[gathers himself and looks] No, wait! Waaiittt!! Oh my God, Oh my Gaawwwd!! [buries his face in the table and bawls again] Noooo!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[walks over to Scott's end of the table] Yes! Yesss!! Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott! [starts licking Scott's tears off his face] Mm, your tears are so yummy and sweet."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Dude, I think it might be best for us to never piss Cartman off again."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Good call.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, the tears of unfathomable sadness! My-yummy. [licks the tears off the table and off Scott's face.] Mm-yummy you guys! [the iris common to Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons appears, with fanfare] Yuppitibut, that's all, folks! [waves]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Cartman and his friends sit on the sofa watching TV"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer,"[voice only] And so, in her career filled with lies, backstabbing, and whoring herself for money, [shot of the TV, with the camera panning up to reveal Punky Brewster sitting in a director's chair] she learned that the price of fame can be pleasing 65 men at once in a dark, dirty alley. [image of Punky makes room for the show's logo on the right side] And so ends ""Punky Brewster, Behind The Blow."""
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Whoa, bummer, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Okay, dude, it's 3:30. [Cartman changes the channel]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer 2,"[Shot of TV as ""The Terrance & Phillip Show"" begins] It's time for the Terrance & Phillip Show!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The Boys,Yay!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Excuse me, buddy."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Why, did you fart? [farts] Oh, no! [both laugh]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Oh man, this is another rerun."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Are you sure? I haven't seen it.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, this is their famous Mechanic sketch."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,I'm looking for a mechanic. Can you tell me how to get to the auto garage?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Sure, buddy! All you need to do is go down to the [faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaart. Whatever Terrance is saying is drowned out by the fart], and that's how you [boys join in] get to the auto garage!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Can you tell me how to get to the auto garage without farting?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Sure. You go the same way [Kyle chimes in] except stick your finger up your ass.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"No no no! I mean, could you tell me the directions again without you farting?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,OOOH! Sure! Just stick your finger up my ass.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Alright, no problem, buddy. [Terrance lowers his pants enough to show his ass; Phillip sticks his finger in there] Now, tell me: How do I get to the auto garage to see a mechanic?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,[now wearing a mechanic's hat] You're at the auto garage. I am the mechanic.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Why the heck didn't you tell me you were the mechanic?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Because I had an itch up my ass.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Because I had an itch up my ass. [the two laugh, then the boys laugh, then the laughter dies down. Terrance farts again, and they both laugh as the camera's iris shuts slowly.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Cut to next scene, where they are working on toilet plumbing"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Terrance & Phillip will be right back...
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip:,...after these messages. [toilet water erupts from the toilet and blows them off camera]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,Cut to Cartman's living room
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,When are they gonna make new ones?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer 3,"[On TV, ""HEY KIDS!!,"" white on green, appears and gets bigger, then dances on a blinking background] Hey kids, don't miss the greatest event of the year! This Thursday night at the Denver Coliseum, see Terrance and Phillip LIVE! And in person! [""Terrance and Phillip LIVE! And in person"" appears, then Terrance and Phillip flank the text on either side]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,What's this?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer 3,"[scenes from various episodes appear] One night and one night only, see all your favorite Terrance and Phillip bits live! [Kenny starts babbling incoherently]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Oh my God!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,[running in circles] You guys! Hey you guys! You guys!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Enough! I know!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer,"To order tickets, call TicketSlave NOW!! [a crawl at the bottom of the screen, black on red, reads ""CALL NOW! 555-TIXS""]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Write the number down! Write the number down!!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Class is ready to start, the kids are in their seats. Kyle rushes to his seat"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Dude! Did you get 'em?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"I got 'em! Four tickets, 68th row, to Terrance and Phillip! I waited in line since 3 this morning!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Awesome! Give me mine! [Kyle gives them out]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Butters,"Wow, yuh-you guys ore gonna see Terrance and Phillip Live?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Yep. Tomorrow night.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ms. Choksondik,"[enters and goes before the chalkboard] Alright, children, let's settle down. As you know, this coming Friday is Earth Day. [writes it on the board] and I'm pleased to announce that the national Earth Day organization has chosen South Park as its location for the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Class,Oohh.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ms. Choksondik,"The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing organization are here to tell you all about it. [moves aside for the heads. Two men and a woman come in, each of them sporting a bow on the left lapel.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Hello children, I know you're all very excited about having the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival put on in your town."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,"[slowly waves his left forearm in a broad arc, to the left, palm out] You care very much about the earth, don't you?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Class,Yes.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Good, because it's up to all of you to get lots of people to come.and make it look great. The festival is on Friday, so we'll start getting it ready tomorrow night. [the boys stir and the camera closes in]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,What??
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,We've all gotta pitch in.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Ah, I'm sorry, but the four of us can't help tomorrow night."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,"Cartman, Kyle, Kenny",Yeah.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,You... what??
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Well we got tickets to see Terrance and Phillip Live in Denver tomorrow night. We paid forty bucks apiece for them.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,And Terrance and Phillip are more important than Mother Earth?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Well yeah, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[slowly waves his left forearm in a broad arc, to the left, palm out] You don't care about Terrance and Phillip. [the boys stare back] Nothing matters more than saving the planet from Republicans. [draws close and repeats the arm movement] You don't need to see Terrance and Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"No, dude, we really, really do."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[to the woman at his left, whispers] Their will is strong."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ms. Choksondik,"I'm sorry, boys, but nothing's more important than Earth Day."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"[fielding] Uhuh, but that's why we're going."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Huh?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"See, w-we're the official presidents of the Terrance and Phillip Fan Club. A- and... we're... going to see them tomorrow 'cause we can get them to perform at the Earth Day festival."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,You can get Terrance and Phillip to perform? [to the older man] That would be great. Terrance and Phillip would draw huge ratings from children all over the country.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Very well, kids; we'll work on getting the event ready here, and you go get Terrance and Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The Boys,All right!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,[ominously] But I warn you: You'd better not promise things to Earth Day people that you can't deliver. Earth Day people can be... eheheh very unforgiving.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"[the boys look sufficiently scared] Heheh, heh, no problem, heh. No problem!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Denver Coliseum, the following night. The place is packed and music plays in the background. The boys all sport their Terrance and Phillip shirts, as do some other kids."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer,"Ladies and gentlemen! [the kids cheer and hoot. Spotlights wash over the audience, their beams moving around aimlessly] Put your hands together for... Terrance! [only one spotlight remains on, illuminating the mic, and the music cuts off]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[approaches the mic from behind the curtains] Hellooo, Den-ver! [the roar of the audience fades quickly as they see only Terrance there, and he's not quite himself. A smattering of applause follows]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Wow, dude, Terrance got really fat."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Yeah, he looks terrible."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"How are we all feeling tonight? Pretty good? Uh oh. [Terrance farts and the audience claps awkwardly] Hey, do you all remember this one? ""Doctor, doctor. I think I cracked my ass."" ""Reallih? Let me take a look."" ""Look closer."" [farts, and laughs]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Uuuuhh.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Where the hell is Phillip?! Phil-lip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,"Cartman, Kyle",Phil-lip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Audience,Phil-lip! Phil-lip! Phil-lip! Phil-lip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[""Phil-lip! Phil-lip!""] And now, for some classic Terrance and Phillip comedy! [the crowd cheers and music plays a bit]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,Hello Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Hello Phillip.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Phillip? That's not Phillip.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Say, Phillip, I have a question for you."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Ho-okay, shoot. [bends down to receive the fart. Terrance bends over and farts on ""Phillip's"" face. They both laugh]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Dude, what the hell is going on?! Why did they replace Phillip?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,I think this new guy's funny.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,And now here's a classic Terrance and Phillip sketch that I wrote back in '62. [he and his partner pull out top hats]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Excuse me, sir. Do you know Who farted?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,He sure did.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,What's the person's name?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Who.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,The guy that farted!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Who!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,The person that passed gas!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Who passed gas!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Now, why are you asking me?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,That's the man's name?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,That's Who's name?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Yes!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Something very terrible has happened in the world of Terrance and Phillip, and we've got to find out what."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Look, buddy, all I'm trying to find out is What's the guy's name that farted?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Right, the guy that drank his own urine."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,Who?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Denver Coliseum, later. Stan and his friends walk down the corridors backstage, heading to Terrance's dressing room"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Come on, guys, we're getting to the bottom of this. [they reach the dressing room, but a bouncer stands in the way] 'Scuse us."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,Where do you think you're going?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,We have to talk to Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,"Hyeah, right."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,It's okay. We're the official presidents of the Terrance and Phillip fan club.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,"Then get in the ""Official Presidents of the Terrance and Phillip Fan Club"" line. [points to the line, which has a lot more kids waiting to see Terrance. The boys turn to see...]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Aw, dude, gay!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,You don't understand! We saved Terrance and Phillip's lives once.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,"You and about a thousand other people at one time or another. Now, get out of my face! [the boys head for the end of the line]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Racist! [a boy wearing glasses watches the foursome approach. The boys fall in]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Man, this sucks!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Boy in glasses,"[quite timidly] Are you guys official presidents, too?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Don't talk to us, kid."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Hey! Look at that line! [a post next to it reads ""FEMALE GROUPIES AND OTHER RANDOM SLUTS"" An obese woman stands last in line] It's way shorter."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,I don't think we're female groupies or random sluts.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Kenny's a random slut. [a look of anger flashes across Kenny's face]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Well, maybe we can sneak in over there. Come on. [moves to the other line. His friends follow.] Sshh. [stretches the fat woman's pants enough so that all four of them climb in and disappear under her fat]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Terrance's dressing room. He and a groupie are making out on the sofa, both moaning."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Mmm. Mmm, yummy. [spanks her twice] Mmm. [they separate a bit]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Groupie,It was so great meeting you. I feel like we really shared something.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"We sure did, baby. [stands her up quickly and she looks back, disappointed in his reaction] Next? [the obese woman comes in happily]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,[voice trembling] Hello Terrance. I'm such a huuuge fan.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,You're a huge fan alright!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,Can I just have you sign my breasts?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,But what do I get in return?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,Whatever you want. [starts making out with him]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Oh yeah. [lays down on the sofa, under her] Oh, that's good, baby."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,"Oh, Terrance, I love you."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"You like that? [the woman unzips his pants, then her own]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,I love you! [coitus ensues]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Yeah.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,I LOVE you!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Ah good.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,I LOVE YOU!!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Yeah-
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Both,[reaching climax] OH!!! [Cartman leaps out the back of the woman's pants]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Agh! Wough! Man, it smells down there! [Terrance and the woman stand up]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Jesus Christ! That was fast! Well, what should we name it? How about Jerry?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese woman,What the hell? [the other three boys climb out]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Oh wow! We had quadruplets! [the woman throws up her arms and runs out screaming]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"We're not quadruplets, Terrance. We snuck in that woman's spandex to get in here."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Oh! Thank God. The last thing I need is more kids. [gets a pen and paper] What do you want, an autograph or something?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Nuh, it's more important than that. Our school is putting on a big show for Earth Day, and we promised people we could get you to perform."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Earth Day, huh? That sounds like a very noble cause. How much does it pay?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,But where's Phillip?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,[crosses his arms and looks mad] Who?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Phillip, your partner."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Why is it that every time somebody sees me they have to say, ""Hey, where's Phillip?"" Like we're freaking married or something! You know, I'll let you tater-tots in on a little secret: Phillip is a HACK! [shot of the boys listening] You know who wrote all the Terrance and Phillip stuff? ME! Phillip never did anything but read his lines!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,But the guy who replaced him sucks!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Ah, I know. [sulks away from the sofa] I know he sucks [walks to his dresser and mirror. The boys are seen in the reflection] To be honest, things haven't been going so well lately. I'm not making any money because everyone wants to see Phillip. Why? What the hell does Phillip do?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Because, dude, it's Terrance and Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Ogh, whatever. [turns around to face the boys] The point is, Phillip and I are through. [wistfully] And apparently, so is the act. And so is the money."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,What if we can get Phillip to agree to get back together. Will you do the Earth Day show for us?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"HA! Goood luck getting Phillip! He left because he wanted to do [does a quote with his index and middle fingers from both hands] ""more serious"" stuff. Last I heard, he was doing Canadian Shakespeare in Toronto."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(Toronto?)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,[pleading] But we promised the Earth Day people you'd perform.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Well, in that case, I'd say you four boys are up Fart Creek without a paddle. [the boys look at each other in dismay]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"""South Park: Home of Earth Day Celebration 2001,"" day. Booths are being set up for the festival. The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival make their rounds"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[through a bullhorn] Work! Work, children! We only have two more days until Earth Day! Work!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Clyde,"Ah, excuse me? My daddy is a geologist and he says there actually isn't any concrete evidence of global warming."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"That's not true. [waves his right forearm slowly to the right, palm out] Global warming is going to kill us all. [repeats the arm movement] The Republicans are responsible."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Clyde,"Thank you. [turns and returns to work. Stan and friends come in from the other direction and stop at a sign announcing Terrance and Phillip: ""TERRANCE & PHILLIP As Promised By KYLE AND HIS FRIENDS""]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Oh no, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[arriving with his assistants] Oh, there you are, boys. I need Terrance and Phillip's information so I can tell them their schedule."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Uuuh, we didn't get them."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,[gravely] You what?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"They're not together anymore, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,You'd better be joking. We've already announced their participation.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Look, we could we could probably get Terrance, but he'll be performing with this other guy."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"You promised us Terrance and Phillip! We therefore promised the WORLD Terrance and Phillip! You WILL get us Terrance and Phillip, or else!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,But there's nothing we can do. Phillip is doing Shakespeare in Canada now.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Then you'd better get your asses to Canada and GET him. We'll make travel arrangements. [the three of them start to move away] Nothing is more important than the environment, boys. Not even your lives. [leaves]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Well, guys, I guess we're going to Canada."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Weak.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Ahhh [leaps on his rival, and both lose their swords. The two scuffle on the floor for a few seconds. Phillip's rival fends him off, but Phillip picks up the rival's sword and wounds him with it. We soon learn this is Act 5, Scene 2 of the play, the finale. And so...]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,Part them; they are incensed.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"[Phillip] Nay, come, again."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Queen Gertrude,Aaaah! [falls]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Osric,"[steps forth.] Look to the queen there, buddih! [Hamlet looks over his left shoulder]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Horatio,"They bleed on both sides. [Hamlet goes to check on the Queen] How is it, my lord?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Osric,"How is't, Laertes?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Laertes,"Why, as a woodcock to mine own springe, Osric;I am justly kill'd with mine own treachery."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,How does the queen?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,"Hey guy, she swounds to see them bleed, buddih. [in the audience Stan and Kyle sigh deeply and Kenny plays with a toy plane, Cartman is asleep]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Queen Gertrude,"No, no, the drink, the drink,--O my dear Hamlet,--The drink, the drink! I am poison'd. Blagh! [dies]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,O villany! Ho! let the door be lock'd:Treachery! Seek it out.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Laertes,"[genuflects next to the poisoned sword] It is here, Hamlet: Hamlet, thou art slain; No medicine in the world can do thee good; In thee there is not half an hour of life; The treacherous instrument is in thy hand, unbated and envenom'd: the foul practice hath turn'd itself on me lo, here I lie,Never to rise again: thy mother's poison'd: I can no more: the king, the king's to blame."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"[picks up the poisoned sword] The point!--envenom'd too! Then, venom, to thy work, buddih! [Stabs King Claudius]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,All,Treason! treason!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,"O, yet defend me, friends; I am but hurt."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"Here, thou incestuous, murderous, damned Dane, drink off this potion. Is thy union here? Follow my mother."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,Blagh! [dies]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Laertes,"He is served;It is a poison temper'd by himself.Exchange forgiveness with me, noble Hamlet:Mine and my father's death come not upon thee, Nor thine on me. Blagh! [dies]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"Heaven make thee free of it! I follow thee, guy. I am dead, Horatio. Wretched queen, adieu! You that look pale and tremble at this chance, buddih, That are but mutes or audience to this act, [chuckles] Had I but time--as this fell sergeant, death, Is strict in his arrest--O, I could tell you, buddih--But let it be. Horatio, I am dead; Thou livest, guy; report me and my cause aright, to the unsatisfied. [chuckles]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Horatio,"Never believe it: I am more an antique Roman than a Dane: Here's yet some liquor left, buddih."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Jesus Tapdancing Christ, is this thing ever gonna end? [Kenny continues playing with his plane]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"...he has my dying voice;So tell him, with the occurrents, more and less,Which have solicited. The rest is silence. Blagh. [dies]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Horatio,"Now cracks a noble heart. Good night sweet prince:And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest, buddih!..."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,The parking lot. The play has ended. Phillip reaches his car with square tires. Stan and the boys chase him down
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,[reaching Phillip] Phillip! Phillip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Yes?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Our town in Colorado was chosen to host Earth Day this year and... we need a big act.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Oh, really? This run of Hamlet is closing down, I'm afraid. We could take it there."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"[stammering] Ah, well, we were thinking how cool it would be if you and Terrance got back together for a reunion and-"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,AH! Stop right there! I'm not doin' nothin' with that fatass egomaniac!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,But we need you!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Ah, I'm sick of him taking credit for all the work and not letting me change the act. It's old and stale! I mean, do you really think that fart jokes are funny for that long? [farts and laughs despite himself]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Look, if you don't come and do the show, I'll make you eat your parents!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Yeah, whatever, kid."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"He'll do it, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Ah, look, Phillip. Everyone in South Park just wants to see your serious side."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,What?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The other boys,What?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"They told us that ""Phillip. He's the one with talent. Just get him for Earth Day."""
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Really? Well that sounds interesting. How much does it pay?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Two thousand dollars.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"[opens the driver-side door] I'm in! Here, call me at this number with the details. [hands Stan a business card] Gotta run! [peels away]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Dude, you didn't tell him Terrance would be there."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"I didn't see he wouldn't be there, either. Look, all we have to do is get them there, right? Once Terrance and Phillip get together again, it'll be like old times."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Oh, Kyle, you just made a huge withdrawal at the First Bank of Lies."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"[silent for a bit, then] Ih-it'll be okay."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The kids put finishing touches on the various booths. The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival make their rounds again"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[through a bullhorn] Work faster! Faster, children! Earth Day is coming! [they approach and ascend a stage set up for Terrance and Phillip. Stan and friends are already there, waiting] Well, boys, it's rehearsal time, and your Terrance and Phillip haven't shown up."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,They said they'd come.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,I'm sure they'll be here any minute.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[moves to stand behind the boys with his assistants flanking him] Maybe you kids don't understand how important Earth Day is for the future of our planet. Maybe you need some convincing. Carl? [the younger man, now known as Carl, takes an Earth Day meat cleaver and chops off Kenny's left hand]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(AAAAHH!)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Oh my God!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"[arriving] Excuse me, is this where the Earth Day crap is happening?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,He's here! [Stan and Cartman smile]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Oh. Very good. Mr. Phillip, I am Jack Farliss, head of the Earth Day Committee. Thank you for being part of this important event."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Whatever. Where's my check? [Terrance enters from the other side of the stage.]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Alright, I'm here. Where do I-?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,[angrily] What's HE doing here?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Alright, let's do a rehearsal so that the camera crew can get a look at it. [a zoom-out shows Terrance and Phillip facing away from each other]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Uhhh-woo wow! Isn't this great? You guys seeing each other again?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Ee yeah, you must have a lot of catching up to do. But let's rehearse first."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"So, this is your dong, huh, Terrance?!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,My doing?? These kids called me and said it was your idea and that you wanted to apologize.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Please, you guys. This is for Earth Day. [moves his left forearm, palm out, from right to left] You care about Mother Earth, don't you?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Well, what the hell? I already flew all the way out here. But I want my check made out to me, not both of us!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Ditto!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Fine! [the boys leave the stage]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,See? I told you it would work. [the boys take their places before the committee]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Alright, we'll come off the speech about the dying whales, and thennn, action!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Doctor, doctor, I've cracked my ass."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Really? Let me take a look.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Look closer. [poots]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle.,"[encouraging, claps] Haha, hahahaha. Hahaha."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Yon fart doth smell of elderberry sweet. Thou dost protes-
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[interrupts] Uh. What? That's not the line, asshole!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"You're right. It's a better one, asshole!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Just do the bit right, dickface!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Why don't you go eat some more pudding, you fatass drug addict?!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,I may be fat but at least I didn't get hair plugs!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,That's it! I ain't doin' nothin' with Kuko the Whale!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"I never needed you in the first place, yuh hack! [moves off the stage, left]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,You can't leave! The show starts soon!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Boys, you've got... three hours to get those two back together. Do I need to remind you what will happen if you don't? Carl! [Carl pulls out the cleaver again and chops off Kenny's right hand.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(OOOWWW!)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,You bastards!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Good luck, boys. [He, Carl, and the woman walk away. The boys move towards Kenny]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"We've got to get them back together, you guys. They could do this to us."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park, later. Media has come in to cover the event: ""Terrance & Phillip Earth Day Brainwashing Festival"""
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Reporter,"[a woman on stage sings and plays a guitar] Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where Earth Day 2001 is in full force. [one shot of the booths] Environmental awareness games, booths, and of course, [a shot of more booths] the entertainment on stage, which is being broadcast live all over the country. This eco-happy crowd is thrilled and waiting in anticipation for the arrival of Terrance and Phillip, who are promised by these four boys. [an inset of the boys appears over the reporter's left shoulder]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"[takes the mic as the singer leaves] What a touching and true song. You know, it's true. [sweeps his left forearm, palmout, from right to left] Republicans are ruining the earth."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Crowd,[repeating] Republicans are ruining the earth.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Alright. Well, I think I know why most of you tuned in today. How about some Earth Day entertainment?! [the crowd cheers and claps. Jack gives the mic to Kyle and walks off. Stan has left the stage]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Hooray for the earth! We must protect it. [the crowd nose dies down] And now, as promised, here are TERRANCE AND PHILLIP, on video! [Stan hands a tape to a camera man, who puts it into a VCR and starts it.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Carl,"On video? [the curtains part on stage, revealing ""EARTH DAY 2001""]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"They were considered the best comedy act in all of Canada. [a shot of the duo, then another of them with Tony Orlando and Dawn] But a fast-paced rocket ride to success would bring them to the depths of despair. [a shot of Terrance, slumped over his couch, then of the show's logo, with vigorous music] This is Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Crowd,Wow!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Carl,[approaching the boys] What the hell do you call this?! [Jack and the woman show up]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Eh it's ""Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow."" I taped it last month."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"We promised people Terrance and Phillip, not a video documentary! You've ruined the earth for the last time, boys! [Carl wields the cleaver one more time, and it reads ""Earth Day Cleaver 2001."" The boys make a run for it]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The Boys,Aaaahh! [they run behind the crowd as the committee pursues them]
