City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"You aren't leaving here, Inspector! None of you are!"
City Sushi,Butters,AAAAAAAAAAA! [runs away. Dr. Janus follows him upstairs] AAAAAAAAAAA!
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Butters, come on! Try and come back to us! [Mean Guy takes over] You can't run forever! [pizza delivery man takes over] Excuse me, did someone order a pizza? [Dr. Janus takes over] Yes, that was me, but I'm a little busy at the moment. I'll be right back! [Mean Guy takes over as Butters enters an attic room or a penthouse floor] You'll never turn me in, Inspector Butters! You're dead!"
City Sushi,Butters,"Waaaa! [runs to the end of a hall and knocks on the door found there. The door opens and he falls into a room. He looks up and gasps at what he sees: walls covered in newspaper headlines about City Sushi and its chef, and one word written in blood: KILL. Dr. Janus reaches the room and Butters looks over his shoulder. Dr. Janus squints his face and combs over his hair: it's...]"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"They wanna take over my Shitty Woookk?! Hory crap, what time is it? [checks his watch] Oh no, I'm rate! [turns around and runs downstairs, leaving Butters quite confused]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"The Tower of Peace, night. Tuong Lu Kim runs upstairs and reaches the top, and sighs"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,What took you so long?!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"[takes out a cigarette, clips the end off, and lights it] Yes, I'm afraid my Tower of Peace was a rittle bit of trickery, Mr. Japanese dog. I'm going to put an end to you, and everyone gonna think it's just because you did what Japanese people ruve doing most. ""No, don't do it! Don't kill yourself, prease!"" [jumps on Mr. Takiyama and grabs him by the throat]"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Urgh. Fuck you! I'ma not trying to kill myself!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"""No, don't do it, prease!"" [some sirens are heard below] ""So much to rive for!"" [floodlights quickly find the two chefs, and they stand down]"
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,[through his bullhorn] This is South Park Police!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,Porice?! How?!
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"We know the truth, Dr. Janus!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Thisa Chinise rat trying to kill me!
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,He's not Chinese! He's white!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,What the fuck you talkin' about?!
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,[enunciating] Your name is Dr. Janus!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"You people crazy! [Billy takes over] Listen to them! It's true! [Mean Guy takes over] Truth hurts, doesn't it, Janus! [Dr. Janus takes over] Who are you people?! Why are you all here?!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"How could I ret myself berieve white man was a Chinese?! I have brought shame upon myself! [gets on the balcony and jumps off] Nooooo, this is racial stereotaipuuu! [crashes into his own restaurant, destroying it and dying upon impact]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Park County Police station, night. The police are talking to Butters and his parents"
City Sushi,Steven,So you're telling us that Dr. Janus has been the owner of City Wok all this time?
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"That's right. Of all his multiple personalities, the strongest was Lu Kim. And we never would have known... if it hadn'ta been for Inspector Butters. [the other officers present give Butters a round of applause.]"
City Sushi,Butters,Thanks. I'm just glad the whole thing is over and done. Maybe now poor old Dr. Janus can finally get the help he needs.
City Sushi,Steven,"Yes Butters. Thanks to you, maybe Dr. Janus can get back to his real self."
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"[walks off] Yes, I'm sure he could. But, then again, [stops, then turns around] does the world really need another therapist?"
City Sushi,Steven,Whattaya mean?
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"Well I mean, would it really be so bad for us to just let him go on thinking he's Lu Kim forever? Now that City Sushi is gone, City Wok is the only Chinese restaurant left in town."
City Sushi,Desk officer,Oh yeah.
City Sushi,Black officer,Yeah. Let's just let him keep believing he's a Chinese man.
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,Done!
City Sushi,Other officers,Good! Alright! Alright! Yeah!
City Sushi,Blond officer,"Detective, he's asking for a blanket. Is that alright?"
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,Go ahead. We're gonna process him and get him back to the restaurant. [the officer who conveyed the request carries a blanket back to Tuong Lu Kim's cell. He enters...]
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Thank you. [...and leaves. The guard by the door locks it] ""Oooooo, I hate Japanese people! They try and shut down my Shitty Wok, but they never wiiiiill. They're probably all ratching me, the Japanese. Ret them! I'm not even gonan swat that fryyy. They'll see. And they'll say 'Wow, that Shitty Wok owner. Why, he wouldn't even harm a fryyyyy.'"" [City Wok is shown one more time]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"Whistlin' Willy's, day. The boys are singing ""Happy Birthday"" to Stan. After that, Stan blows out the two Terrance and Phillip candles adorning the cake. Sharon takes a picture"
You're Getting Old,Boys,Yay! [Liane sits next to Cartman with a camera of her own]
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Alright now, open presents! Open presents!"
You're Getting Old,Butters,Yeah! Open mine first Stan! It's the red one! [Stan reaches over and opens it]
You're Getting Old,Cartman,Where's mine? Where's mine where's mine where's mine?
You're Getting Old,Liane,"[reaches under the table and gives Cartman a gift] Here you go, sweetie."
You're Getting Old,Cartman,Yaaaay!
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Wait wait it-it's Stan's birthday.
You're Getting Old,Liane,"Yes. Every time somebody gets a birthday present Eric gets one too. [in a softer voice] Otherwise, he gets a little upset."
You're Getting Old,Cartman,[eagerly opening his own gift] What'd I get what'd I get what'd I get?
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Oh God...
You're Getting Old,Stan,"[opening his gift] Oh cool, Legos. Thanks, Butters."
You're Getting Old,Butters,I know how you like Legos. Happy birthday!
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Oh cool! I got a racing game for Xbox! [Speed Zone for XBOX 360] D'you guys see that? Coool, huh?"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Here, this one's from me, Stan."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Oh thanks, dude."
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Stan's getting another present, Mom."
You're Getting Old,Liane,"Here you are, muffin. [throws up another gift]"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Yaaaay! [rips the wrapper off] Oh cool, look. A Ben 10 Wrist Rocket! This is exactly what I wanted for Stan's birthday! What'd you get Stan?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Oh cool, is this the new Gersploosh album?"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Yeah dude!
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"[walks up behind Stan] Uh, hold it. Is that a Tween Wave band?"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Yeah they're the best!
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Sorry, Stan. you know you're not allowed to listen to this stuff."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Mom, I'm 10 years old now."
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"I've told you what I think of this music, Stanley. You have plenty of other gifts to enjoy."
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Looks like somebody's on the rag, huh Mom?"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Sharon is in the kitchen washing dishes. Randy peeks in from the dining room, then walks into the kitchen"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Sharon? Stan told me you took away his music CD at his birthday party.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Oh for crying out loud, I gave him a great party and that's all he cares about."
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Well, do you really think we should be telling our son what music he can and can't listen to?"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Yes I do, if it's that stupid Tween Wave garbage!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Tween Wave?
You're Getting Old,Sharon,You haven't heard it? It's terrible! It's hardly even music; it just sounds like crap!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Sharon, come on. Don't you remember being younger and having our parents say the music we liked sounded like crap?"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,This is different!
You're Getting Old,Randy,[waits a few seconds] ...So. Here we are. Now we're the old people who think the younger generation's music sounds like shit.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"[stops washing and turns around] It's... not because I'm older. I'm telling you, our music is better."
You're Getting Old,Randy,"[mimicking an elderly man] ""Back in my day our music was better! Not this garbage the young 'un listen to. Warber warber warber."""
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Fine, Randy! [hands him the CD] You go listen to it and tell me you don't think it sounds like crap! [goes back to washing dishes]"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"I'd love to. I'm not an old fuddy-duddy, Sharon. I'm still cool. [walks out and towards his den.]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The den. Randy pops the CD into the CD drive on his computer, puts on his headphones, and listens. The song he hears starts with a good beat, and he bobs up and down ever so slightly to it, but then explosive diarrhea is heard, and Randy is startled. He makes sure it's not him farting or anything. Sharon appears at the doorway with hands on hips"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Well, it sounds like crap, right?!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Uh... NO I mean... [looks at Sharon] I like it.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,Oh come on! That music sounds like shit!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"No, it's just... young and hip so you don't get it, Sharon."
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Admit it, Randy! You think it sounds like crap too!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"It doesn't sound like crap at all! I think it's awesome! [turns towards the computer. Sharon walks away exasperated. Randy clicks his fingers, but the farts noises keep coming and Randy keeps wincing]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,CNN Headline News
You're Getting Old,Anchorman,"It's called Tween Wave, and if you're a parent your kids are probably listening to it. A new music genre for the era from 2009 through 2012. or ""The Tweens."" Every generation has their music, but many parents say Tween Wave sounds like crap."
You're Getting Old,Man 1,"It's just vulgar and stupid, you know? Music used to be good."
You're Getting Old,Woman 1,This sounds like poo.
You're Getting Old,Man 2,[an elderly man] I certainly don't understand kids' music today. Sounds like diarrhea to me.
You're Getting Old,Anchorman,Kids however say they don't hear crap at all.
You're Getting Old,Kid 1,Parents are dumb.
You're Getting Old,Kid 2,They don't get it.
You're Getting Old,Kid 1,They don't get it. Parents are stupid.
You're Getting Old,Kid 3,Tween Wave is swick.
You're Getting Old,Kid 4,"Tweem Wave is super swick and parents don't get it, 'cause their ears are old."
You're Getting Old,Kid 5,Parents are dumb.
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. The boys' parents are gathered in the living room except for Randy"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"We're sorry boys, but we have all decided that as of now, none of you are allowed to listen to Tween Wave music."
You're Getting Old,Randy,"[sitting with the boys] Ugh, that's so unfair!"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,But that's our music! We like it!
You're Getting Old,Randy,Yeah it's good!
You're Getting Old,Sheila,What's good about a bunch of crap sounds to a drumbeat?
You're Getting Old,Stan,We don't know what you're talking about! It doesn't sound that way to us!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Yeah it, it doesn't sound like that to us."
You're Getting Old,Gerald,"I wanna educate you kids with some real music. [pops in a CD of The Police's ""Synchronicity""] This is The Police. Now you compare this to Tween pop and tell us which one you think is real music. [presses Play and ""Every Breath You Take"" starts up, but instead of lyrics you hear poop sounds]"
You're Getting Old,The boys,Yuck!
You're Getting Old,Randy,What?
You're Getting Old,Stan,That sounds like shit!
You're Getting Old,Gerald,Whattaya mean it sounds like shit? This doesn't sound like shit.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Gross!
You're Getting Old,Cartman,Turn it off dude!
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night, Stan's room. Stan is in bed and Sharon is about to leave the room"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Stanley I want you to understand that even though I won't let you listen to certain kinds of music, I still love you."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"I know, Mom. I love you too."
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Soon you'll be old enough to make your own choices, but for now, I just don't want you listening to that stuff."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"It's okay, Mom. I understand."
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"That's very mature of you, Stanley. Goodnight, sweetie. [Stan turns away and closes his eyes.]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"'Night. [Sharon turns off the lights and closes the door. A few seconds later, Stan opens his eyes and looks at the door to make sure his mom isn't looking at him. Then he reaches under the mattress and pulls out his iPod] Haha. [listens to some music. Soon some shitty sounds creep in] Ugh. [tries some other tracks, but each one has poop noises in it. He sits up] What the hell? [tries more tracks, but all he hears now is shit]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Kenny, Cartman, and Kyle are listening to songs on their iPods"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"[to Cartman] Oh dude! Dude, this is the part I was talking about. Check out the bassline on this! [has Cartman listen to his song]"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Oh yeah, that one's cool. [gets into the rhythm] Yeah, this part's killer. [looks like he's exercising]"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,[seeing Stan approach] Hey Stan. [hands Cartman his iPod]
You're Getting Old,Stan,Hey dudes.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Dude, have you really listened to the sixth track? I think it's my new favorite."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Yeah, yeah I've listened to it. Um, Kyle, can I talk to you alone for a second?"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Sure. [they walk off to a small clearing] What's up?
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Kyle, I have to admit something to you. You know how I told you over the phone I like the new Gersploosh album? I lied. I don't like it. I don't like it at all, Kyle."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Oh. Really? Um well that's okay.
You're Getting Old,Stan,"No, you don't understand dude. Something's happened. Tween Wave doesn't sound the same to me."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,Why? What's it sound like?
You're Getting Old,Stan,It... kind of sounds like shit.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"What? You mean like you don't like the singing, or the lyrics, or what?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"No. I mean it sounds like somebody is shitting in my ears. Please, just listen really close. [has Kyle listen to a track] You don't hear shit?"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,No.
You're Getting Old,Stan,That doesn't sound like shit to you?
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"NO. Dude, maybe you should see a doctor."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"A doctor's office, day. Stan took Kyle's advice. A doctor is checking Stan's ears"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"And so then I put on exactly the same album that I really like a year ago, and it sounded like shit to me."
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"Uh huh, and what about food? Are some of the things you thought tasted good tasting like shit to you now, too?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Yeah. I used to love these Pop Rock things, and I tried them the other day and I thought they tasted like shit."
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,[reads his medical file] This says you had a birthday recently?
You're Getting Old,Stan,I just turned 10.
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"Well, that makes sense. You see Stan, as you get older, your eardrums, taste buds, all that stuff develops and changes."
You're Getting Old,Stan,So this is normal?
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"It's very normal. Let's just do a quick ear exam. I'm gonna play some Tween Wave music and you tell me what you hear. [plays some music, with lots of fart sounds] What's that sound like to you?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,Sounds like shit.
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,Aha. Now I'm going to play you some good ole Bob Dylan. [plays a Dylan track. Dylan gets through three syllables before fart sounds replace him.]
You're Getting Old,Stan,Uh that sounds like shit too.
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"Wait, this sounds like shit to you?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Yeah dude, it's just shit."
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"Well that's very strange. [turns off the player] Hm, I'm gonna try somethin' else. [takes two pictures up to Stan] Look at these two pictures. One of them is an ad for Kevin James' new movie The Zookeeper, and the other is a turd in a microwave. Which one is the ad for The Zookeeper?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"They both look the same. [true enough, except for the turds]"
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,You don't see any difference in the pictures?
You're Getting Old,Stan,No.
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,[holds up the picture in his right hand] That is an ad for The Zookeeper and [holds up the picture in his left hand] that is a turd about to be reheated.
You're Getting Old,Stan,They both look like turds about to be reheated to me.
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"Oh dear. I think I know what this is. You see Stan, as you get older, things that you used to like start looking and sounding like shit. And things that seemed shitty as a child don't seem as shitty. With you, somehow, the wires have gotten crossed and everything looks and sounds like shit to you. It's a condition called ""being a cynical asshole."""
You're Getting Old,Stan,Oh no.
You're Getting Old,Doctor Caroll,"Yes. And there's no known cure, I'm afraid. Everything just seems shitty, and everyone starts to seem shitty, and everything they say just starts to [sounds shitty now, and Stan can't believe his ears. Soon, shit comes out of the doctor's mouth and Stan is more horrified]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"Randy's den, night. Randy has transformed it into a mancave, with disco ball and clothes strewn everywhere. Randy is reading Rolling Stone and listening to Tween Wave music through his headphones"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"[walking by] Randy, do you mind cleaning up the garage like I asked you?"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Get out of my room! I'm listening to my music! Gau!
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Stop pretending to like the kids' music, Randy! It's pathetic! You know damn well it sounds like crap to you too!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,No it doesn't sound like crap to me! [one pooping sound and the headphones are off] Ugh. [gets up and walks around angrily]
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Randy, don't you see what this is? You had dreams of being a rock star when you were younger, now you can't admit the next generation's music sounds shitty, it's called ""getting older"", Randy. It's okay."
You're Getting Old,Randy,"That's not true! I think Tween Wave music is complex and awesome and it speaks to my youthful rebellious spirit, Sharon!"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"It's crap, Randy! It's so simple and stupid that anybody could play it!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Anybody could play it. Do you really think so?
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The bowling alley, night. ""Steamy Ray Vaughn"", who turns out to be Randy, is performing. Randy is tuning up when he turns to face his audience"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Hey everybody. Wanna thank you all for coming tonight. My name's Steamy Ray Vaughn and here's a little bit of Rattlesnake. [presses the play button] A-1 2 3 4! I've got a fever but it's under control! [fart noises, courtesy of his own butt] I said I've got a fever need to take it kind of slow [more fart noises. A janitor listens in] I've got a fever but it's out of control. Ga ga, ga ga, la ga ga ga. [more fart noises.]"
You're Getting Old,Bar Patron,You suck!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"No, you just don't understand Tween Wave 'cause you're old! [more fart noises.]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"A ranch, day. Two elderly men stand at a fence. One of them is the janitor"
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,Did you know we're livin' in the Tween time?
You're Getting Old,Farmer 2,"Nah, I'd a heard that."
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,Guess it's the period between 2009 and 2013. They call it the Tweens. So they got this feller down at the bowling alley? He gets up on the stage an' shits his britches.
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,What fer?
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,I don't know. But he gets up there and strums a gueetar and then starts loadin' his britches up like it's goin' out of style. [sniffs] It's like some kind of britches holocaust. Feller calls himself Steamy Ray Vaughn.
You're Getting Old,Farmer 2,You mean that guy that plays the blues and died in an airplane crash?
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,Nnooh. That's Stevie Ray Vaughn. Steamy Ray Vaughn just shits his britches.
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Kyle is playing a video game as Cartman and Kenny look on"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Ohooh dude, sweet! Tackle him!"
You're Getting Old,Kenny,(Get him!)
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Alright guys, do you think he's lying or telling the truth?"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"He's lying, dude. Hit X"
You're Getting Old,Kenny,"(No, he's telling the truth) [Stan walks in]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,Hey guys.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Hey, Stan. What did the doctor say?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,He said I have cynicism?
You're Getting Old,Cartman,What's that?
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Something you can get when you get older but, it's stupid. I'm not cynical. All the doctor wants is a paycheck. I went to him for help and he just stood there spouting a bunch of shit."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Oh. Well, come on, we're playing L.A. Noire."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Agh, that shitty game? Who plays video games to listen to a bunch of characters talk and press the X button?"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Oh, ask him about the murder now, Kyle."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Yeah, we got him!"
You're Getting Old,Stan,How can people say this game is cool? It doesn't even matter what choices you make.
You're Getting Old,Kenny,"(Hit the X button, Kyle!)"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,We're gonna level up to detective!
You're Getting Old,Stan,That's such a shitty device to keep people playing.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Alright, ahhh, why don't we do something else?"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,So the boys are now in a diner eating sundaes
You're Getting Old,Stan,"[looking at his chocolate sundae] Aw, dude, this looks like shit."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,You don't wanna eat it?
You're Getting Old,Stan,"It just looks like shit to me, a bunch of processed, gooey shit."
You're Getting Old,Cartman,Look like ice cream to me.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Erm, okay, I know. How about we go to the mall?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Ugh, bunch of people trying to sell us a bunch of shit."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Ugh, okay Stan, what do you wanna do?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"What, oh I don't care, I'm cool with whatever."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The bowling alley, night. Steamy Ray Vaughn is back in performing. The janitor and his farmer friend are present"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"City bog. Too much, too much city bop. Too much too much too much [puts the mic to his ass and farts into it]"
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,"Lord, I ain't never seen britches take a whoopin' like that."
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,I told you. Them britches don't stand a chance.
You're Getting Old,Randy,"City bop! City yeah! [more fart sounds, and the song ends] Thank you! Thank you so much! I'd like to uh, bring up a special guest now. The other night I was chatting in a Tween Wave chatroom, because I do love Tween Wave so much, and I uh started chattin' with this nice lady who also really like her kids' Tween Wave music and... turns out she's a real talented artist as well. Please welcome Miss Steamy Nicks."
You're Getting Old,Steamy Nicks,"[sounding a lot like a goat] Thank you, thank you so much. [Randy presses play and a song begins]"
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,"Wait now, who's that lady?"
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,That there's Steamy Nicks.
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,"You mean that gal who played for Fleetwood Mac and wrote that song ""Landslide""?"
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,"Nnooh, that's Stevie Nicks. Steamy Nicks just shits her britches. [sure enough, she does this, and Randy joins her a second later]"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Yoyoyo! [more fart sounds]
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"[enters the bowling alley and heads straight for Randy] Who the hell is that woman, Randy?! What the hell do you think you're doing?!"
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,I agree. Why don't you leave them poor britches alone?
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,Them britches have had enough!
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"Ronny's Diner, day. Stan is in a booth, all alone. A waitress comes up"
You're Getting Old,Waitress,All alone today?
You're Getting Old,Stan,Yeah it sucks. All my friends are sick with the flu.
You're Getting Old,Waitress,"Well, what can I get you?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't taste like shit?
You're Getting Old,Waitress,"A little young to be so pessimistic, aren't ya kid?"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Why? There's nothing but shit on TV, video games are all shit, and the world's a big turd. The only thing that doesn't seem like total shit to me are my friends, and they're all sick. Just, get me a cheeseburger and tell the chef to go easy on the shit. [just outside, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny walk by, not noticing Stan in the diner. Stan, on the other hand, notices them walk by. He quickly leaves the booth and catches up with them outside, where they're happily talking about something.]"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,[laughing] I know! That's so hilarious!
You're Getting Old,Stan,I thought you guys were sick! [the other boys don't know what to say]
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"...Uh we'll let you catch up to us, Kyle. Come on, Kenny. [Cartman and Kenny turn and walk away. Stan approaches Kyle]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Dude, you totally lied to me!"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"No, ah I didn't lie to you. Ah I was um... uh I felt better and then the guys called and said that they felt better and uh-"
You're Getting Old,Stan,Where were you guys going?!
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Alright dude, we were going to the movies."
You're Getting Old,Stan,Why didn't you tell me? I wanna go to the movies.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Look, Stam, we-we just wanted to be able to go to the movies and enjoy ourselves, you know? I'm sorry but... you're a bummer to be around. Everything is ""that looks like shit"" and, and ""this is shitty!"""
You're Getting Old,Stan,You guys... don't wanna be around me?
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Look dude, it's just one movie. We wanna have a good time."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Please, Kyle, I can change my attitude. I promise. Let me go to the movies with you."
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"[thinks about it, then sighs] Okay. But you've gotta promise to not complain."
You're Getting Old,Stan,I won't say a word.
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Bijou theater, day. X-Men: First Class is playing. Inside, the theater is barely a fourth full. The boys sit in the third row."
You're Getting Old,Stan,Oh shit.
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Bijou theater, later on"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Jesus, how long before they start this Goddamned thing?! [apparently trailers are still playing]"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Oh cool, the movie trailers!"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,First trailer
You're Getting Old,Announcer,"Adam Sandler is Jack. Adam Sandler is Jill. [Jack and Jill are at a well, and Jill poops on Jack... and they both look like turds]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,Awww God! [squeezes his eyes shut and puts his hand over them]
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Dude, you said you wouldn't say everything looked like shit!"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Sorry if I see things for what they are! Ok- okay, okay, I'm sorry."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,Second trailer
You're Getting Old,Announcer,"[a toilet bowl spews out shit] This November, Adam Sandler shits in your eyes, ears, and mouth. [Some eyes, ear, and mouth are shown separately, and poop lands on each of them] It's Adam Sandler in Pbbbbbt, rated Arg for pirates. Fuck you!"
You're Getting Old,Cartman,That looks pretty good.
You're Getting Old,Stan,How can you say that looks good?!
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"Shhh, you're doing it again!"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,Third trailer
You're Getting Old,Announcer,"Jim Carrey has a bunch of turds in his apartment. [dancing turds that create turd sounds, at that]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,[shields his eyes from the shit] Ugh.
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Stan, knock it off!"
You're Getting Old,Stan,But it's just crap.
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"No, they're penguins! Stop it!"
You're Getting Old,Announcer,"[shots of Carrey carrying two turds, slipping on another turd, then taking a crap while two turds look on] It's Jim Carrey in Whatever, You'll Pay To Go See It. Fuck you! July 12."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,Fourth trailer
You're Getting Old,Announcer,"The President of the United States... is a duck?? [the duck pops up and opens its beak, which issues forth lots of shit] A duck is President and the whole country is goin' to the dogs. [two dogs are shown. One of them has his ass to the camera, and it begins to poop] Or whatever, the President is a dog. [the dog and duck now stand before a U.S. flag] Who cares? Coming June something. [a bunch of poop hits the scene, landing on the dog and duck and spelling out ""JUNE""]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Oh come on, people!"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"That's it, Stan! I'm not sitting through a whole movie with you! [leaves his seat and walks out. Kenny and Cartman follow suit]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,"Oh dude dude wait, I'm sorry."
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"No, Kyle's right. You suck, dude."
You're Getting Old,Stan,Me?! Did you see that shit?!
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Bijou, outside. Kyle, Kenny, and Cartman turn to leave the theater when Stan catches up to them."
You're Getting Old,Stan,Hang on guys!
You're Getting Old,Cartman,"Dude, we don't wanna hang out with you anymore! Get it through your head! [he and Kenny leave. Kyle stays behind]"
You're Getting Old,Stan,Kyle?
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"[turns around] Dude, you've... you've changed."
You're Getting Old,Stan,"I haven't changed, the world has. Don't you see it?"
You're Getting Old,Kyle,"No. And I don't want to. Look Stan, maybe we should fo- [poop starts coming out of his mouth and spewing all over the place. He then turns into a huge turd - this is how Stan sees him. The rest of us see him normally. Stan turns and walks away. Kyle turns and walks away in the opposite direction]"
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Randy and Sharon can be seen arguing through the living room windows"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"You don't get it, Sharon! You never have! And that's supposed to be my fault?!"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"Yes, it IS your fault, Randy, because you're a child!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"I'm sick of everything I do being so wrong, Sharon!"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"I'm sick of having to...for this! You're 42 years old, Randy!"
You're Getting Old,Randy,"I'm not dead yet Sharon, but you might be!"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,Oh is that what you think?! That I'm dead?!
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"across the street, behind some bushes, the two elderly men are there observing the argument"
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,What do you suppose is goin' on in there?
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,Sound like Steamy Ray Vaughn is goin' at it with his wife over Steamy Nicks.
You're Getting Old,Farmer friend 2,You... sure you wanna do this?
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,"We got to now, if their fightin' is our best chance tuh save them britches."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,back in the house
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"You do this all the time! First you're obsessed with baseball fights! Then you need to play Warcraft! Then you gotta be a celebrity chef! [the two men slide a side window up ever so quietly, go in, and sneak upstairs]"
You're Getting Old,Randy,Why can't you ever just support me?!
You're Getting Old,Sharon,Support what?! Another stupid dream of yours?!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Face it Sharon, our son turned 10 and you feel old!"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,WHAT does our son turning 10 have to do with you making the same mistakes again and again?!
You're Getting Old,Randy,"Because I'm unhappy, okay?! I've been unhappy for a long time! [Sharon reflects on this for a moment and her voice goes soft]"
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"I'm unhappy too. We both are, obviously. How much longer can we keep doing this? It's like, the same shit just happens over and over and, then in a week it just all resets until- it happens again. Every week it's kind of the same story in a different way but it, it just keeps getting more and more ridiculous."
You're Getting Old,Janitor/Farmer 1,"[the two men sneak out the way they came in] Come on britches, we're settin' you free."
You're Getting Old,Randy,I don't know if I've changed or you have. I just feel like I might not have a whole lot of time left and... I want to enjoy it.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"I want to enjoy it too, but... I can't fake it anymore. You just seem kind of shitty to me."
You're Getting Old,Randy,You kind of seem shitty to me too.
You're Getting Old,Sharon,"People get older, Randy. People grow apart."
You're Getting Old,Scene Description,"Stevie Nicks' ""Landslide"" begins to play. Stan is seen at Stark's Pond looking at it from a bench. Kyle walks up to Stan, but keeps some distance from him, then turns around and walks away. Stan looks at a flower... which has a huge turd growing from it. A bee lands on it. At the house, Shelly and Sharon pack away everything in the kitchen. Later, Randy explains things to Stan as Stan's dresser is being moved. Later, a realtor sets a ""FOR SALE"" sign in place - four bedrooms, two bathrooms, kitchen, back yard. She finishes and walks away. Randy is driving a U-Haul truck and watches the house fade in the distance through the driver's rear-view mirror. Sharon and her kids move into a new place. Sharon works on her room and gives Stan the box for his room. Stan later sits in a swing in the new yard. A small sandlot is nearby. Instead of a wooden fence, the new place has a wrought-iron fence. Stan looks up at the sun, which is a glowing massive turd. Stan is then seen at the cafeteria sitting at a table with a bunch of turds that are supposed to be his classmates. All the food looks like shit too. At night the police arrest the Britches Bandits, the two men who stole Randy's underwear, and take the underwear in for evidence. Cartman and Kyle play a game on Kyle's sofa. They look at each other and seem to reach a mutual understanding, since they smile at each other. Stan walks all alone in South Park and passes a duck in a tux. He stops and looks at the duck, who keeps walking. It looks at him and quacks out shit, which lands on him. The last scene is Stan lying in his new bed, in his new bedroom, looking up at the ceiling."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Daytime at the apartment building Sharon and her kids moved into the last episode. Stan's clock read 6:59 AM. Inside his window you can see Whistlin' Willy's, and beyond that, the South Park Library. Stan had moved to Downtown South Park. The clock strikes 2 and the radio comes on, waking him up. A morning variety radio show comes on"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Oh that's funny, that's real funny. Big Harry and Mike in the Morning talkin' about the new hit movie [poop sounds], a great comedy, starring [poop sounds] and [poop sounds]."
Ass Burgers,Mike,"I saw the movie last night, Big Harry, and it made me laugh so hard! This movie's about a [poop sounds] heh, he was suddenly all like [poop sounds] Aw, man it's great!"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,Big Harry and Mike in the Morning. We'll talk more about it but let's get to some music. The new Tween Wave band [poop sounds] with their song [poop sounds. The song begins to play. Stan sits up and turns the radio off]
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Stan sits still for a few seconds, then still half-awake he goes into the shower and just stands there without taking off his hat. Later, he's at table as Sharon prepares breakfast for him. Shelly is sitting right in front of the TV eating cereal"
Ass Burgers,Announcer,"Coming this fall to Fox/CBS/FX. Jurassic Park and Lost in the same TV show! [poop sounds] Dinosaurs! [poop sounds] Lost Humans! [poop sounds] Future, yes! [poop sounds]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Sharon serves Stan his breakfast, which looks to Stan like a long tube of poop topped with a butter square. Stan just look at it, still half-asleep"
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"Stanley, eat your waffles. [Stan gets his knife and fork and cuts into the waffles, then starts eating.]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"The sidewalk, morning. Stan has finished breakfast and is headed for the school bus stop with his head down. Be begins to hear the other boys as he draws near"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Oh shut up Cartman! You don't even know what you're talking about!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Oh yeah! I saw it on the news, Kyle! The school is gonna make us all get shots again! [at this point Stan stops and stands alongside the other boys, but he's still looking at the ground] But this time it's so that we don't get warts in our vaginas!"
Ass Burgers,Kenny,(Are you serious?!)
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Yep!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"That's only a vaccination for girls, stupid!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Then why are they sayin' that gettin' vaccinated at school is gonna make us all retarded?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,[sighs gruffly] Because some people think vaccinations can give you autism or Asperger's!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Wait what?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,That's what they're talking about on the news!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Wait, there's a disease called Assburgers?"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Yes!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,You are so lying! There's no disease called fuckin' Assburgers!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,You wanna bet? [begins to move off] Let's go ask my Dad right now!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Okay, you're on, Jew! [he and Kenny follow Kyle away. Several seconds later, the bus shows up and Stan gets on. He takes an empty seat and no one sits next to him. He leans against the window, looking very sad]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Fourth Grade. Stan is in class, looking sad, and the seats that would hold Kyle, Kenny, and Cartman are empty."
Ass Burgers,Mr. Garrison,"And so children, at noon today, all the girls will go to the gymnasium for their vaccinations, and boys will head on out to recess. [on the blackboard he had written ""HPV Vaccination Day""]"
Ass Burgers,Butters,Do the girls get their shots right in the vagina?
Ass Burgers,Mr. Garrison,"No. Butters, that's not how it works."
Ass Burgers,Officer Barbrady,"[offscreen] Mr. Garrison, [now onscreen] these three boys were caught playing hooky."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Did you guys know there's actually a disease called Assburgers? [Stan is hearing everything as if from a distance]
Ass Burgers,Mr. Garrison,"Sit down boys, we'll talk about this later. Right now we're talking about vaginal warts."
Ass Burgers,Wendy,This isn't fair! How can the school make us get vaccinated?
Ass Burgers,Butters,You mean little hamburgers grow in your butthole?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"That's right, it's a butt fungus."
Ass Burgers,Butters,Well I don't want burgers comin' out of my butt!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[in an angry outburst] God, shut up! Everyone just shut the fuck up! [looks around glaring at everyone, who look back at him, stunned]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, moments later"
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, Stan, you, you've gotta try and pull yourself out of this, m'kay? I know that... your parents recently got divorced. M'kay, that's gotta be hard. I know that's... that's bad. But when you walk around all mopey, m'kay, and sayin' everything is... just shitty, well, that's called bein' a Debbie Downer, Stan. And nobody likes a Debbie Downer, m'kay. ...I mean you've gotta, you've gotta snap out of it, Debbie. Come on, Debbie, you're even bummin' me out now, m'kay? Your attitude just- just sucks."
Ass Burgers,Stan,[after a few seconds' silence] I just want everything to go back to the way it was.
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, well, that's not gonna happen, Debbie. Okay, you know, uh life, life has to change, m'kay?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"How?... When all the things that made you laugh, just make you sick. How do you go on when nothing makes you happy? [tears start to well up around his eyes]"
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mackey,"Huh... e-excuse me a minute, Stan. m'kay? [stands up, goes to his desk, picks up his phone and starts dialing] Uh, hi, Ms. Bronski? Did we vaccinate Stan for the flu last year? We did? Uh oh... I think he's got Asperger's."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,Breaking News
Ass Burgers,Announcer,"This is breaking news, from CNN! Or Fox or, whatever. [The logos for Fox News, CNN, and MSNBC go by] Fuck you."
Ass Burgers,Anchor,"The first documented case of a child developing Asperger syndrome from school vaccinations [a shot of a syringe and the words ""ASPERGER'S SYNDROME"" appear] has put the government in a tight spot. [a shot of Stan] At a press conference today the media heard from the young boy's father, Steamy Ray Vaughn."
Ass Burgers,Randy,"It's pretty shitty when you work so hard to be a great parent, and then the ""government"" comes along and with one shot turns your child into a ""mentally incapacitated"" freak! I mean look at him. He's disinterested, depressed, self-loathing. It's most likely the reason his mother and I got divorced!"
Ass Burgers,Anchor,"In response to the embarrassment, the President of the United States has passed ""Stan's Bill,"" putting an end to school-mandated vaccinations."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,At the White House
Ass Burgers,Aide 1,"Mr. President, the bill is ready. [the duck, wearing a tailor-made suit, quacks, with shit splattering out of its mouth]"
Ass Burgers,Aide 2,"Just sign right here, Mr. President. [the duck quacks again, splattering shit all over the document]"
Ass Burgers,Aide 1,"Aaand if you could just sign this one as well, Mr. President. [the duck quacks again, splattering shit all over the second document. The parties involved gather for a quick photo opportunity]"
Ass Burgers,Anchor,"It is yet unknown if any other children have contracted from the vaccinations, but if so, multimillion-dollar lawsuits are probably not far behind."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, morning. He's in the kitchen cooking up a bunch of burgers. He's got two patties in a large pan, and he begins to sing."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Turn on your heart light. Let it shine wherever you go. Let it make a happy glow-
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. Cartman approaches the nurse's office, having gotten excused from class. He stops, clears his throat, and enters. He starts to moan as he approaches the examination bed. He hops on and sits down"
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,"Eric, what is it this time?"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,[coughing somewhat] Fever... Light... lightheadedness... I don't know what's wrong with me.
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,[puts down her notepad and starts examining him] You don't feel warm.
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Oh, that's a relief. I thought maybe I had a fever but I- oh OH. Oh my buns! There's a sharp pain in my buns!"
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,Can you lay on your stomach?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,I-I'll try. I'll try. [lays on his stomach. The nurse sees something under his pants and pulls them back.]
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,"What the? [pulls back the briefs and pulls out a wrapped item, then unwraps it] What is this? A hamburger? [indeed, that's what she's holding]"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,A what??
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,[pulls out another hamburger] Why are there hamburgers in your underwear?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Are you serious? How can there be- [sighs] Oh my God! You're saying I have assburgers??
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,[pulls out a third hamburger] This doesn't make sense. Are you trying to sneak food into the school or something?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"What are you talking about?? I got vaccinated from the school, and now clearly I have Assburgers!"
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,Very funny!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Well I'm glad you think Assburgers is funny! Just note my condition on your records there!
Ass Burgers,Nurse Bronski,Get out of my office!
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,The school hallway. Kyle is at his locker as Wendy approaches.
Ass Burgers,Wendy,Hey Kyle? [immediately he knows what she's going to ask] Have you heard anything at all from Stan?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"I've tried, Wendy. I've called him, I've been to his house. But since his diagnosis, all he's done is gotten worse."
Ass Burgers,Wendy,I don't know what to do. It's like he's... completely turned off.
Ass Burgers,Boy 1,Those two should just screw and get it over with!
Ass Burgers,Boy 2,Yeaahh...
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"I can't keep doing it, Wendy. I know he has an illness, but goddamn, it uh, it's like being around a black hole that just sucks the life out of everything."
Ass Burgers,Wendy,"Look, maybe what we should do is all go over to his house together, an-and that way we could-"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[puts his notebook away and closes his locker door] NO. I can't, Wendy. [walking away] All his negativity is starting to make me depressed. I have to let him go. [stops] And whatever happens next, I'm going to embrace with a totally [makes a fist with his right hand and pounds it into his left palm] positive attitude."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,[rounds a corner and walks past Wendy and Kyle] Godamned stupid school nurse! Heartless bitch!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,What's the matter dude?
Ass Burgers,Cartman,[stops and backs up] I spent all morning making hamburgers for nothing! That's what's the matter!
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"You made hamburgers? Well that's awesome! I'd love one. [reaches for a burger and bites into it. That burger might have been in Cartman's underwear] Mmm. Hm, wow [swallows] This is really good, Cartman."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Really?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Yeah. [a girl walks by] Hey Riley! Try this hamburger. [hands her a burger] Cartman made them himself.
Ass Burgers,Riley,[unwraps and eats it] Wow. What is that?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Seriously, Cartman. You could make money with these!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Gee, thanks Kyle!"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Asperger's Research Center, day. A researcher takes Sharon and Stan on a tour of the facility"
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"The truth is we still know very little about Asperger syndrome, Mrs. Marsh. All our patients here show the same social awkwardness that your son exhibits. [they stop next to a seated man who has wrapped his legs behind his neck and is making bubbles with bubble solution and farts] Good morning Mr. Mathers."
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mathers,"Goodbye, doctor [farts into the blower]"
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"[signs and moves on] It's as if they all have an inability to distinguish from what is socially acceptable and what is not. [they stop by a man urinating on a wall. Sharon and Stan notice what he's doing] We've got a new patient, Martin. I want you to meet Stan."
Ass Burgers,Martin,"[turns around, still urinating, and Stan gets peed on] Nice to meet you."
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"[moves on. Martin faces the wall again] Here at the treatment center, our focus is on awareness. [Stan shakes his head to get the piss off] Asperger's is serious, but unfortunately because of its name people think it's a disease to be made fun of. [the researcher opens a door to Room 209, a room of adults who are mentally deficient in one way or another. The adults are doing odd things and making odd sounds. He enters as Sharon and Stan look on a bit worried.] Alright everyone, let's have a seat. [Martin comes in, still urinating, and takes a seat. Stan finds a spot on a sofa and sits there.] Oh uh, we'll be done at about 5 pm, Mrs. Marsh. I'll call if it's any earlier."
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"Oh, right, uh. Good bye, Stan. I-I love you. [leaves and closes the door. Everyone sits in silence for a few minutes, then]"
Ass Burgers,Researcher,"Alright, are we clear?"
Ass Burgers,Neo,We're clear! [everyone begins to move normally and arm themselves. They turn into Matrix characters]
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Watch that window, Puck! [Neo gets into position by the window] Everyone, make sure this room isn't bugged! [the others seal the room] Alright Stan, listen up! We don't have a lot of time! You've been told Asperger's is real! It isn't! It's just a front we use to stay hidden!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Wait, it's not a real illness?"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Of course not! If there was a social development disease, you wouldn't call it Asperger's! That's just, that's just mean! [Stan says silent] There's a big war going on out there, Stan, and we want you to join our fight to bring it all down!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[gets off the sofa and walks towards the door] Uh, nooo nonono, we're not doing this!"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"You've broken through their reality and they don't like it! Others deserve to know the truth! You see everything as shit, don't you?! [Stan stops in his tracks, astounded] Where other people see fun movies and hear cool music, all you see and hear is shit! Am I right?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,[turns around] Yeah.
Ass Burgers,Neo,So do we. All of us here. We know the truth too.
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"We found a way to make it stop, Stan. Now are you interested? Or not?"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman Burger, day. Cartman has set up a burger stand in front of his house. Burgers are $5 each. Butters and Kenny are dressed in Cartman Burger uniforms and are helping Cartman run the stand, with Kyle at the grill. To Cartman's left is a booth made from a large Thompson delivery box that now houses a secret last process in burger preparation. A bunch of kids have already gathered and are eating the hottest thing in the neighborhood. Among the bunch are Scott, Craig, Kevin, and Lola. Kevin has just bought his burger and chips"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Next order, please! Get your Cartman Burgers here, fresh and flavorful."
Ass Burgers,Clyde,[walking by eating a burger] I just can't believe how yummy these are.
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"There you go, Molly, and a bag of chips."
Ass Burgers,Molly,Thanks!
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"How are we doing on those patties, Jew?"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"About three minutes, fatass!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,Nice!
Ass Burgers,Butters,"Jeez, we're out of finished burgers again, Eric. We need more."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,It's alright. I think another batch is just finishing off in our top-secret flavor enhancer.
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[rushes up in time to stop him] Dude, come on Cartman. As employees, don't you think we should get to see what the final secret flavor enhancer is?"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"I'm sorry Kyle, but if we compromise our final cooking process, then our patented flavor will be everywhere, and we'll have to go back to school. Now, let me get those hamburgers. [Kyle may have noticed, but he doesn't say anything about the burgers stuffed down behind Cartman's ass and legs. Cartman goes into the booth, and moments later comes out with a fresh batch of finished burgers] Alright, these are good to go! [More kids have gathered. Among them are Esther, Heidi, Red, Bill, and Tommy.]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Asperger's Research Center, day. The people there set up their secret headquarters - computers, monitors, probes, etc."
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Alright, is he ready to be sent in?"
Ass Burgers,Bald guy,He's ready! Beta levels are normal.
Ass Burgers,Stan,Who are you people?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"We are the Secret Society of Cynics. [walks off a bit and sighs] Everything looks like shit to you, right? What if I were to tell you... that you're seeing the world the way it actually is?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,Huh?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,The world around us has all completely turned to shit. But aliens are putting out a brainwave that keeps most people seeing a false reality
Ass Burgers,Stan,Aliens?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Or, robots from the future, whatever. The point is they need to keep everyone in a blissful state of ignorance."
Ass Burgers,Neo 2,"Yeah. Everything used to be awesome and cool, but now everything's gone to shit and nobody knows except us!"
Ass Burgers,Neo,Yeah!
Ass Burgers,Stan,Because of aliens? [crosses his arms]
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Or genetically altered humans, whatever, fuck you! All that matters is that you are the key to bringing this whole thing down. They know who we are, but they won't be expecting you! Are you ready to go back into the illusionary world you once lived in?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,Yeah I'm ready!
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Let's send him in! [a member of the society prepares a drink for Stan - whiskey on the rocks - and gives it to Morpheus, who hands it over to Stan] Drink this. [Stan hesitates, then takes it and drinks it down. He steps outside and everything is as lovely as it ever was. No signs of shit anywhere.]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Ahhhh! [walks around town looking at it with a new sense of wonder, but his walking is off] Oh coool!"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,in a theater viewing an Adam Sandler film
Ass Burgers,Adam Sandler,"Jill, you got a date with Al Pacino?"
Ass Burgers,Jill,I think Al Pacino wants to play Twister with your sister.
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[laughs rather heartily, looking drunk] Adam Sandler's funny."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman Burger, day. A crowd of kids has gathered, either enjoying their burgers or waiting in line. The little stand has been replaced by a bigger, studier stand, with a wooden awning along the façade and a covered area behind it. Some makeshift tables have been set out. Butters isn't present yet"
Ass Burgers,Butters,"[approaches Kyle] Hey Kyle, you have a visitor. [Kyle leaves to see who it is]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Stan? [Stan is looking away, drunk]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,[sees him] Kyle! [falls into Kyle's arms]
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Hey, Stan!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[his speech is slurred] Dude, I'm sorry. I've been a shitty friend. I miss my buddy. You were right: Adam Sandler is fuckin' hysterical!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Stan, are you alright?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Yeah dude, I totally get it now. I can see how lame I was saying everything was, was shit."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Really? Uh, Stan, that's great. [smiles. Cartman leans back and looks over from the stand]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[squints his eyes] But Kyle, it's all shit! For real! It's all shit 'cause the aliens with AI and you and me are gonna fuck it all up! Come on! [turns around excitedly]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Dude. Have you been drinking?
Ass Burgers,Stan,"You're not listening to me, Kyle. Dude, we have to go do this one thing, and then everything can go back to normal!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"It's too late for that. Things just can't go back, Stan, uh. [Cartman takes a quick order, then looks back at Stan and Kyle] Ah-I'm with Cartman Burger now."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"...Dude, Cartman Burger? Seriously? How shitty- is that fuckin' concept? [Cartman walks over, drying his hands off in the process]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,See? There you go again. Look at you dude. Look what you've become.
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Everything alright here, Kyle?"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Yeah, it's fine."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,We're uh gonna need some more patties pretty soon.
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Yeah yeah, ahh I'll be right there."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Come on, Kyle. This is about you and me, remember?!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Look, dude, things around here have changed. Sometimes, the only way to keep going is to make a left turn."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[a couple of seconds of silence, then Stan gives him the finger.] Fuck you Kyle, you're a piece of shit! [Kyle sighs and walks back to the burger stand] ...Kyle, I love you. [Kyle reappears a few seconds later, and Stan gives him the finger again.] You're a piece of shit though. Fuck you! [Kyle turns heel and walks back towards the stand] ...I love you. [Kyle does not return]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Next morning, Stan's room. The radio alarm wakes him up at 7, as usual. Laughter comes from the speaker"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Big Harry and Mike in the Morning and in case you didn't catch last night's episode of [poop sounds], we're breakin' it down."
Ass Burgers,Mike,"Oh Big Harry, when the [poop sounds] ran into the [poop sounds]- [Stan sits up, then scoots towards the alarm]"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Nonono, no! How about when [poop sounds. Stan turns off the alarm, then hops off the bed.]."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Asperger's Research Center, day. Stan goes into the center with a bad headache. He has a hangover."
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,He's back! [the other members jump up and gather around Stan] Did you see the illusionary world again?
Ass Burgers,Neo,How does it feel to be back in the Matrix?
Ass Burgers,Stan,I feel like total shit.
Ass Burgers,Bald Guy,It's okay. That's just your brain levels adjusting back to the real world.
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Try and focus, Stan: we've found them! We know where the rock creatures are now."
Ass Burgers,Stan,The rock creatures?
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Or aliens, or AI- things. Whatever, fuck you."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I canh- I... I can't do any..."
Ass Burgers,Neo,"He's gonna pop! [Stan vomits and falls over on his face. He passes out. The other members gather around him even closer. Fade to black. Some time later, Stan's eyes blink.]"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Come on kid, there's not a lot of time left."
Ass Burgers,Neo,You're pushin' him too hard!
Ass Burgers,Stan,Ugh God.
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Stan, you have to convince people they're living in a world of illusion. We're sending you back in! [a pair of doors in the ceiling slide open and a giant bottle of Jameson Irish Whiskey drops down, being held in place by a robotic arm. A nippled syringe pulls forward and enters Stan's mouth and begins pumping him full of whiskey. Stan can only look down helplessly]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,A darkened boardroom. Sevem shadowed figures sit around a boardroom table
Ass Burgers,Figure 1,"We all know why we are here. There's a rebellion in our midst and it must be SQUASHED OUT! [it's a McDonald's executive] We have to put an end, to Cartman Burgers. [the other executives seen are from KFC, Burger King, Pizza Hut, Subway, Chick-fil-A, and Taco Bell.]"
Ass Burgers,Other execs,"Yes, yes, but what do we do?"
Ass Burgers,KFC exec,At KFC we've seen a 50% drop in sales.
Ass Burgers,Pizza Hut exec,It's worse at Pizza Hut. Cartman Burgers choked out the market.
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"[gets up from his chair and paces a bit] What makes them so good? For whatever reason, these Cartman Burgers satisfy the taste cravings from all of our restaurants!"
Ass Burgers,Taco Bell exec,"[walks up to a chart and then turns to show the other execs.] There lies the secret. [eight restaurants are shown on the chart, including City Wok. An arrow from each of the restaurants points towards a Cartman Burger in the middle] It's the chemical compounds from all our flavors. Pizza Hut, Burger King, KFC, all somehow infused into one burger."
Ass Burgers,KFC exec,"[walks up to a whiteboard on which a chemical compound from each restaurant is shown being mixed in a beaker and the combined solution being distilled into the Cartman Burger] It's as if he's somehow taking all the ingredients of our food, breaking them down into some kind of... gas. And them somehow... infusing that gas into his hamburger. What kind of instrument could he be using to do this?"
Ass Burgers,Pizza Hut exec,It would have to be some sort of super Dutch oven.
Ass Burgers,Burger King exec,"But a Dutch oven with greater technology than we've ever seen. [Behind them, Stan breaks into the boardroom through the window]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[falls onto the floor] Aughah. [gets up and starts firing indiscriminately, moaning all the while. He falls on his back, fires off a few more shots, turns his head to his left side, and throws up. He passes out]"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,Some time later. The execs have tied him down to a chair quite securely and wait a while. An arm reaches forward and tries to rouse him
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Hey! Wake up. Come on now, wake up! [looks at the Taco Bell Exec] Use the smelling salts! [the Taco Bell Exec puts an enchirito under Stan's nose]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[sniffs and then smacks his lips a bit, finally waking up] ...Enchirito?"
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,You know the secret?
Ass Burgers,Stan,What? You guys are aliens?
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,Stop playing with us! What's the secret behind Cartman Burger's amazing taste?!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I don't know!"
Ass Burgers,Taco Bell exec,He's lying! [reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a picture of Kyle] You see this kid in the picture? This guy is his best friend.
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,Ah ha!
Ass Burgers,Stan,I'm not friends with him.
Ass Burgers,Taco Bell exec,They've been through everything together. Inseparable.
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, no, we don't hang out anymore."
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Oho right, like someone would just walk away from a friendship like that?"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I didn't walk away! I turned 10 and everything he wanted to do seemed shitty to me, so I-!"
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,Oh sure! Anyone would ditch out on their best friend 'cause they weren't feeling good! Now stop playing games and tell us why Cartman Burgers is so delicious!
Ass Burgers,Stan,I don't know!
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Alright, I guess we're going to have to do this the hard way."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"Cartman Burger, day. The place is packed with kids now. The crew is taking a break: Kenny and Butters are chatting by the grill as Kyle delivers some burgers to Cartman."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"There, ten mediums and five medium-rares."
Ass Burgers,Cartman,"Alright, I'll take these to the flavor enhancer."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Next please. [smiles, but quickly frowns upon seeing the next customer] Oh, hey."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Kyle, you've gotta tell me the secret to Cartman Burger."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,What are you doing?
Ass Burgers,Stan,How do you guys make them so yummy?
Ass Burgers,Kyle,I don't know.
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,[hiding in some bushes with the other execs] You'd BETTER get him to tell you or you're getting shot in the back of the head! [The Chick-fil-A exec has a sniper's gun trained on Stan's head. Stan is wearing an ear piece] You got that?!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"[panicking, but with great restraint] Dude, just tell me the secret to Cartman Burger"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,Why?! So that we can lose our business and everything can go back to old times?!
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, because there's aliens with a sniper-chicken on me."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[rolls his eyes] Oh God! Look, I know you got Asperger's from the school and I I'm sorry. But your negativity is poison to me!"
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Oh, right. Like a friend would walk out on somebody who was diagnosed with a serious illness!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I'm sorry that I've been bumming you out, but it's not my fault!"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"You said ""fuck you"" to my face, Stan."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Dude, I didn't realize what I was saying."
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"Oh yeah, like any friend would say something that severe and then try to take it back."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"Alright, look. I honestly don't know the secret, dude. Only Cartman does, and that's how it's gonna work for us."
Ass Burgers,McDonald's exec,"[comes out of the bushes and goes to the stand] Goddamnit this is getting us nowhere! [the other execs follow him onto the sidewalk] Everyone get back! Do you wanna play hardball?! That's fine! [the Chick-fil-A exec wields his gun and the kids scream and scatter. The McDonald's exec goes to the Secret Last Process Booth] All right, let's see this mighty machine once and for all! [before he can see anything, he's gunned down by the drunken research center/Matrix members, who then start firing away indiscriminately with their semi-automatics]"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"[dispatching the Taco Bell exec] You vampire sons of bitches! [the Chick-fil-A, Burger King and Subway execs go down, then the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell execs]"
Ass Burgers,Neo,Haha! [accidentally shoots himself in the head and goes down]
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"Alright, nice work Stan. Now comes the final step! You have to take out Duck President!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,Just stop it! You people are so full of shit!
Ass Burgers,Mr. Mathers,"Uh oh, looks like the serum is wearing off! [whips out a glass and a bottle of whiskey] Here, you'd better take some more! [pours the whiskey in the glass]"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, I'm done with that! [slaps it away from the member's hand]"
Ass Burgers,Morpheus,"But Stan, you have to take down the bad guys and go through a personal transformation, so that everything can go back to the way it was!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"I don't want everything to go back to the way it was! [suddenly calm] I, I don't. [he steps over the broken bottle, leaves and joins the other kids, who have returned] You were right, Kyle. Sometimes, the only way to go forward, is to take a big left turn. I've been resisting it, but I'm ready now. I want you to stay with Cartman Burger, dude. It's okay. You're gonna do this and I'm gonna do my thing and ...my mom and dad aren't getting back together. But you know what? It's okay. In fact, it's better. Change is gonna bring new things to all of us. Where will Cartman Burger go from here? That'll be cool to see. And it opens me up to a whole new adventure, exploring... new relationships with all new people in town. [approaches one boy] Maybe this kid will become my new best friend. [then another] Or maybe this kid will."
Ass Burgers,Douglas,Wow. [smiles]
Ass Burgers,Stan,"Maybe it won't be like before, but... at least it'll all be new. And that's what's gonna make it so that I can keep going. For the first time in a long time, I'm really excited. [a horn and the sound of wheels stopping are heard]"
Ass Burgers,Randy,"[in the U-Haul truck] Stan? Stan! Get in the car, Stan! Your mom and I are movin' back in together!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,[his face drops] What?
Ass Burgers,Randy,"We worked it out, pal. Surprise!"
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, dad, no. No, please!"
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"At the apartment, Stan's room, day. Sharon and Stan talk"
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"[somber and unsure] We talked a lot and, we know it's what's best for you kids and, I don't know..."
Ass Burgers,Stan,"No, Mom, sometimes you've got- a left turn."
Ass Burgers,Sharon,"People get older, Stanley. And as you get older you realize... the best thing to do is just... stick with what you know."
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"""Landslide"" plays again, with everything going in reverse. The realtor removes the sign she had placed in front of the Marsh house. The Marsh family moves back in. Randy and Sharon work together to take the sofa back inside while Shelly carries her own box. Sharon sets up Stan's room again almost as he had it before they moved. Randy carries in another box of Stan's stuff. Stan looks out over the neighborhood from his window... which was apparently across from Cartman's house all this time, for he sees Cartman Burger and the crowd of kids and adults across the street."
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"You were sticking these in your ass, Cartman?!"
Ass Burgers,Crowd,Eeewww!
Ass Burgers,Scene Description,"The sitting president, who is a duck, is removed and Barack Obama resumes his presidency. In his backyard, Randy Marsh makes a small bonfire of all his Steamy Ray Vaughn stuff. At Stark's Pond, Wendy and Stan share a picnic, but he's not interested enough to puke on her. At the dinner table, Stan isn't eating, but looks down and away. Finally, in his bedroom, the radio wakes him up at 7 AM., like always. His favorite morning show comes back on"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,I like that!
Ass Burgers,Mike,Yeah.
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Big Harry and Mike in the Morning, talkin' about Two and a Half Men. I think Ashton Kutcher makes it the show to be seen, Mike."
Ass Burgers,Mike,"Yeah, but what about that movie Dolphin Tale? I am psyched for that!"
Ass Burgers,Big Harry,"Dolphin Tale, Big Harry and Mike in the Morning. [Stan sits up] Let's hear one from the band Slamjammer and their song- [Stan turns the radio off. There's a knock on his door]"
Ass Burgers,Kyle,"[enters with Cartman and Kenny] Dude, we're gonna see the new Zoopeeker movie!"
Ass Burgers,Cartman,The Zookeeper 2: Zookeepier! [they walk back out and away.]
Ass Burgers,Stan,"...K, coming. [hops out of bed and puts on his coat, going through the motions. He walks out to join the boys, but a few seconds later he returns to open a drawer, pull out a bottle of whiskey, opens it, takes a swig of it, closes it, and puts it back in the drawer. He doesn't bother to put on his shoes. He closes the drawer and heads back into the hall]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, day. By the fence, Cartman, wearing a ranger hat and outfit, and some other boys in similar attire, have erected a small U.S. border with a sign saying ""Welcome to Texas"" on it. The sign also has an outline of the State of Texas on it. Cartman is patrolling the border with DogPoo and Jason. They are holding Super-Soakers and pop-guns, plastic forks are duct-taped to the fence. Cartman scans for illegals with his binoculars"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[turns around] Alright, y'all, keep your eyes peeled and your guns ready. [spits something out, wipes his lips clean with the back of his shirt sleeve, and returns to patrolling the border] There's a heap of Mexicans out there who want nothin' more than to sneak past our border, and we've gotta stop them!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Liane,"[walking out] Eric, you wanna say hi to Grandpa?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Not now, Mom! We're playing Texans versus Mexicans! Gah! [turns to the boys on the ground - Clyde, Craig, and Timmy] All right, patrol, you all know the drill. Not one Mexican is to get past this border! Not a single one! Yeehaw!"
The Last of the Meheecans,The other four,Yeehaw! [Timmy stays silent]
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"In the woods nearby, Butters leads five other boys in a plot to get past the U.S. border at Cartman's house - Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Jimmy, and Token"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Fellow Meheecans! This time, we're gonan try rushin' the Texans from the left side! Do not give up home, for I am Mantequilla! Viva la Meheeco!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Uh, Butters, I think we're gonna go back to Kyle being team leader."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[saddened] Oh, what, I'm not a good Meheecan?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"You're a great Meheecan, Butters, but maybe just not a leader of Meheeco."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Look, guys, all we need to do is split up and apply some good diversion tactics. We'll use the Texans' emotions against them."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Back at the border, Cartman scans the surrounding area, making sound effects while doing so"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[robot voice] Scanning for Mexicans. [more sound effects] Oh! [spots Kyle coming out of the woods] We've got a Mexican! [Clyde and Craig take up posts]
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Hey Texans! Let me through; we want a treaty!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[to the other boys] He's trying a simple diversion tactic, thinks we're stupid. [to Kyle] Ha ha! You're gonna have to do better than that, Mexican!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Better than being a fat-ass Texan!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Hey! Just because I'm Texan, it doesn't mean I'm fat!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"No, you're fat to begin with, chubby! Now you're Texan too!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! Oh yeah?! Well, you're a fuckin' Jew, Kyle! And now you're a Mexican Jew! You dirty, no good... Mexijew! [Stan sneaks in past a cardboard box labelled ""Christmas Ornaments""] Let's just see you try and-!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,Base! [the others turn to see Stan in their midst]
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Clyde?! [descends from his perch atop the border and goes to Clyde] What the fuck are you doin'?! You just let a Mexican through!
The Last of the Meheecans,Clyde,I was enthralled with the dialog exchange.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Ugh, yeah?! Well, you all need to stay focused, Goddamnit! [Token appears at the other end of the border and hops over] If you let yourselves get distracted for even one minute, we're gonna be overrun with these jobless, no good-!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Token,Base!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Dude!! [walks over to Craig] How did he get past the fence, Craig?!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,I didn't hear him coming with all your screaming.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Nobody's fuckin' screaming, Craig! Wake the fuck up! [Jimmy walks by in the foreground]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Jimmy,"Eh, b-base."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Oh, God! [throws down his hat]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, evening. All the boys are at the dining table eating dinner. Well, all except one. All of the ones present are laughing. Well, all except one."
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"So, so then, so then the pope says, ""Maybe you should go check the toilet."" [most of the other boys laugh]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,"Hey. Hey, I got one. [the other get quiet] Why do girls wear makeup and perfume?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Token,Why?
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,'Cause they're ugly and they stink. [most of the other boys laugh]
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Cartman, stop pouting that you lost the game."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,I'm not pouting! I've just heard all these jokes before!
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,So then don't have a slumber party if you're gonna be an asshole all night!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"At least I have an asshole, Kyle! [the boys laugh]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"As the boys enjoy themselves, the camera pulls back into the woods outside where it has begun to snow, far away we find one boy, shivering, sitting by a stream with a jug of water next to him, in this cold snowy night."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[thinking to himself] Boy, I've really done it this time. I have one simple direction: ""Go that way."" How did I end up getting lost? My amigos were right: I am a lousy Meheecan. They're all living the good life while I'm, while I'm stuck out here in Meheeco. I am... The Last of the Meheecans."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"""The Last of the Meheecans"" appears onscreen after the camera pans up into the sky"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[wanders around] Hello? Anybody? Come on Mantequilla, you have to find that border! [walks further away, and finds a road. He walks along the shoulder and shivers as he sings]  Lalala, lalala, Work Meheecan Work. Lalala, lalala, Work Meheecan Work. [A couple in a car drive up behind him]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh, careful darling, the storm is getting worse."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,It sure is. I-I can barely see. [Butters turns around and the woman suddenly sees him]</poem>
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh my God look out it's a Mexican! [the man loses control and hits Butters, who simply tumbles off the car and onto the shoulder, face down. The couple stops the car and goes to check on Butters. The wife turns him over]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Oh my God, are you alright?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Por favor, ehe, I have to get across the border. M-mis amigos, my a-, my amigos are waiting."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,Poor thing must have snuck across the border and then lost track of his family.
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"I, am Mantequilla, the last of the Meheecans."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The couple's house, night. There's something about the Spanish Colonial architecture in this house. The couple shows Butters to a spare room full of inspirational and religious messages. He will sleep here for the night"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"[showing him around the room] Guest room. Guest room. Bed, bed. Pillow. You're going to be okay. [kneels before him] Do you understand?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Darling, I don't know if we can keep him."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,What are we supposed to do?! Call the police?! And have him shipped back to Mexico like some animal?! [to Butters] Win-dow. Wiinnn-dow.
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Yep, window."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"[pleased] Bueno! [to her husband] He'll have so much more opportunity here than he ever would in Mexico! [to Butters] Window. Windooow. [gives him a bottle of] Win-dex. Wiiin-dex, Mantequilla. Paper towel. [squirts some Windex onto the towel and takes Butters to the window] Sí, sí Mantequilla [shows Butters how to clean the window, then leaves him to continue doing it himself]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Auhp, be sure to get the edges."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh darling, it's wonderful."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The boys have gone to sleep in the basement, the TV is now white noise and static, food, toys, video and board games litter the floor. Everyone is soundly asleep, sprawled out randomly atop pillows and sleeping bags, Timmy in his wheelchair, the camera zooms out to reveal Cartman tossing and turning in his sleeping bag."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[talking in his sleep] No. NO! Must protect the border! Everyone's gettin through! No! Clyde! We're losing! Kyle go through! Oh no, now Stan's through! And Jimmy! It's over! The only Mexican left is Butters; we've got... [wakes up] Butters! [gets up, then tries to get the others up] Hey! Wake up you guys! Wake up, losers!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,What are you talking about?
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Where is Butters?
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,[after a few seconds] He was with us at dinner. Wait. Was he with us at dinner?
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Yeah, I think he was? Wait."
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,Butters is one of those people who you can never remember if he was there or not.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Outside Cartman's house, night. The boys turn on the patio light and walk out through the sliding doors in back the snow is starting to cover the yard."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Butters?
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,Butters!
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"[hugs himself] Jesus, it's freezing out here. He, he could be dead."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[puts on his ranger hat, now speaking in his Texan voice] All right men, rally up! There's still a Mexican out there and he ain't gettin' through! [walks towards the woods, but stops long enough to tell Kyle] You haven't won yet! [smiles evilly and moves on] Game on!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Craig,Game on!
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Wugh, game on. [puts on his mustache]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The couple's house, Morning. Butters is wearing a hairnet, washing dishes and humming to himself. His face is filthy."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Work, Mexican, Work. [hums some more] Work, Mexican, Work"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"[arrives at the kitchen entrance] Mantequiila? Mantequilla, come to the living room. We have a surprise for you. [leaves. Butters follows her out]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,The living room. A large box wrapped up and tied with a bow sits in the middle
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,Surprise! We've scraped some money together and got you something. [Butters grins]
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"It's a present, Mantequilla. Un presente."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Wow! A present just for me? [starts to unwrap it]
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,Oh he's such a happy little Mexican. [Butters finishes unwrapping it only to see a gas-powered leaf blower designed to be worn on the back]
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"How do you like that, Mantequilla? Your very own leaf blower! Hahah, I have no idea how it works, but I'm sure you do, huh. Say, how'd you like to go in the back yard and play? [moments later, Butters is in the back yard using the power blower to blow some leaves around. The couple watch him from a table with umbrella providing shade]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"Oh look at him, darling. He's so happy."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Hup. Nono, Mantequilla! You're just blowing the leaves from one side to the other. Get them in one pile so you can use the garbage bags we loaned you."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Ah, sí señor."
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,Oh he's so adorable.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"A song begins to play as Butters clears away the leaves. As the song plays, you see the following montage: Butters blowing leaves into piles, Butters washing he couple's care as they watch, Butters scooping leaves out of the pool as the couple plays in it with a beach ball, the boys pasting fliers all over town asking ""Have you seen this Mexican? Answers to 'Mantequilla.' Text *** 67319,"" Cartman and his border patrol watching for illegal aliens, Butters providing pedicures for the couple, Butters serving them ham, Butters washing more dishes, Stan and Kyle putting up billboards that echo what the fliers said, and Cartman looking into the woods. Seeing no one coming, Cartman lowers his binoculars and smiles. Butters now clean up the front yard."
The Last of the Meheecans,Singers,"Work, Mexican, work."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"All week long, bossman say"
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,"Work, Mexican, work."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Sing your Song, earn your pay"
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,"Work, Mexican, work.Work, Meheecan"
The Last of the Meheecans,Singers,Sweat
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Meheecan
The Last of the Meheecans,Singers,Toil
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Meheecan, it's your"
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,lot in life.
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,While people play in the sun all day
The Last of the Meheecans,Both,"Work, Mexican, work."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The couple's kitchen, later. The woman is at the breakfast nook crying and wiping away her tears with a tissue. The man sees her and gets worried, then walks into the kitchen."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Honey? Honey, what's wrong? [she looks up to see him]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"It's Mantequilla. We've tried giving him everything, but I don't think he's happy. Tonight I told him he could do whatever he wanted before bed - wash the windows, mop up our bathroom - but you know what he said? He said ""I need to go home."" I tried telling him ""your home is here, Mantequilla! ¡Tu casa es aquí!"" But I don't think he feels it."
The Last of the Meheecans,Man,"Well, maybe if we let him paint the garage, he'll feel more like family and then-"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"No, Brian! In my heart I know it's true. He belongs with his own kind, Brian. He belongs with his own kind!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"El Pollo Loco, night. The couple drive up to El Pollo Loco and take Butters to the door. The woman is still weeping"
The Last of the Meheecans,Brian,"Come on, honey. [they walk back to the car]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Hey, where are you going?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,[turns around] No! Mantequilla bad! Go now!
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Ma'am, can I, can I just use your phone?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Woman,"No es bueno, Mantequilla! ¡No me mi-mires! ¡Por favor! ¡Por favor no mires! [they reach the car, get in, and drive off. The woman is still weeping]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"El Pollo Loco kitchen. Butters is sitting atop a prep table telling of his adventure, as a group of Latino workers go about making meals"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"So there I was, just yards away from the American border. All my amigos made it across, but I became lost in the woods. If the Whipples hadn't come along, I might have froze to death. But I'm not giving up, for I, am Mantequilla! [the workers all stop in shock and look at him, a utensil can be heard hitting the floor]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,Mantequilla?
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,Mantequilla?
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"¡Yo he escuchado de este niño! ¡He visto anuncios de el por donde quiera! [""I've HEARD of this kids! I've seen POSTERS and BILLBOARDS of him everywhere!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 3,"Sí. Es famoso! [""Yeah. He's FAMOUS!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Nothing can stop me, and my pride, in Mother Meheeco!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"¿Un niño gringo que quiere ses mexicano? [""A WHITE American kid who wants to be Mexican?""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 3,"Ay, tiempos han cambiado. [""Wow, times are really changing""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"No... no. ¿Saben qué? Mantequilla tiene derecho. ¿Por qué venimos a este país? ¡Vale madre aquí, 'mano! [""No... no, you know what? Mantequilla is RIGHT! Why did we even come to this country? It SUCKS HERE, MAN!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Hey! You fellas think you can get me across that border?
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"Debemos escuchar a este niño. ¡Mexico es mucho mejor que esto! [""We should listen to this kid. Mexico is better than this!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"All my amigos are there, waitin' for me."
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 1,"Todos mis amigos están allí también.. [""All my amigos are back there too.""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,"¡A la chingada con esto! ¡Vamonos! [""Come on, screw this! Let's go!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 3,"Sí, ¡vamonos a la chingada!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Viva la Meheeco!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"A hospital, outside. An elderly man is being assisted by two Latinos, who are helping him out of an ambulance and onto a wheelchair"
The Last of the Meheecans,Doctor,"Alright, let's get him into ER."
The Last of the Meheecans,Elderly man,Careful w'my foot! [a car stops and a man whistles]
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,"¡Oye Yimenez! ¡Nos vamos a regresar, hombre! [""Hey Yimenez!!! We're going back, man!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Yimenez,"¿Qué? [""What?""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Worker 2,"¡Este lugar es una mierda! ¡Nos regresamos a Mexico![""This place sucks! We're going back to Mexico!""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,We're crossin' the border!
The Last of the Meheecans,Yimenez,"¡Jose! ¡Martinez! Nos vamos para atras para Mexico! [""We're going back to Mexico!"" The nurses and other Hispanic workers pour out of the hospital]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Olé!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The real Mexican border, day. There's no activity. One of the guards is looking through binoculars, the other larger guard is fanning himself with a rolled up newspaper"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 1,Pretty quiet out there.
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Yeah, a bit too quiet if you ask me. Gimme those! [takes the binoculars and looks through them]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 1,"Just seems like Mexicans don't try to cross into the US as much as they used to, you know?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Noo, they're out there, Charlie. Plottin' their next move. They'll do anything they can to get into the Land of Opportunity. [lowers the binoculars. The first illegals appear on the US side of the border and head towards the fence] And as long as this country offers everyone a better life, there's gonna be people clamorin' to get it. It's the curse of success, Charlie. [more aliens appear as the first ones hop over the fence] A great and wealthy nation will always be plagued [raises the binoculars and looks through them again] by the needy tryin' to-what the hell? [sees the Mexicans running into Mexico. The other guard notices too]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Charlie,"[scratches his head] Uhh, sir? Aren't them Mexicans runnin' into Mexico?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,[lowers his binoculars] That don't make sense.
The Last of the Meheecans,Charlie,[shouting to the returning illegals] You're going the wrong way!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,TV News break
The Last of the Meheecans,Anchorman,"You've heard of Mexican salsa, but Mexican pride? The phenomenon is called ""Orgullo de Mantequilla,"" where Mexicans are realizing it actually is starting to suck more here in the US. The borders are being flooded with Latin Americans trying to get back to their own countries. [Randy and Sharon are on the sofa watching the news]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Randy,"Well, I think it's good. [stands up and puts on his blazer, then walks to the front door] If the Mexican people feel inspired, good for them. People have a right to go and be happy. [opens the door and looks outside. Huge piles of leaves have been left on his front yard] NOOOOOO! [Audio clip is Darth Vader's voice from Star Wars Ep. III]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's watching the news too"
The Last of the Meheecans,Anchorman,"But just what has sparked the Mexican desire to live... in Mexico? Joining us now is economist Mark Geiger, and Mark, we've heard of Mexican ice cream, but Mexican patriotism?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Mr. Geiger,"Yes, it's a very odd phenomenon, Chris. Ih it just- [the front door opens and it's Stan and Kyle, who are pretty miffed for obvious reasons]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell is this?! [he's holding a poster Cartman designed: ""Wanted by U.S. Border Patrol. Permission to shoot on sight.""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"You guys, the game is over! Clearly I won. Give it up."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"""Wanted by the U.S. Border Patrol""?! ""Permission to shoot on sight""?!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"You guys were putting out fliers, I had to put some out too."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,Butters has been missing for a week! You might have inadvertently gotten him killed!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Well then I inadvertently won the game, didn't I?[The news come back on, with Cartman glancing at his TV, with Kyle also staring, as Stan continues glaring at Cartman]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Chris,Do you have what it takes to join the Border Patrol? Border Patrol officers are looking for volunteers to help with the reverse immigration crisis.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Oh dude. Sweet.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Butters is asleep in a room, on a wooden bed. The floor is made of hexagon-shaped tile. On the cracked green wall behind him is a small framed painting of Frida Kahlo. He wakes up, gets off the bed, looks around, and walks towards a doorway completely naked except for his Mexico hat. He opens the double doors and steps outside. He rubs his eyes to get a better view. A small plaza full of people awaits his appearance, and everyone cheers"
The Last of the Meheecans,Crowd,¡Vamos Mantequilla! [Clap clap clap-clap-clap] ¡Vamos Mantequilla! [Clap clap clap-clap-clap] ¡Vamos Mantequilla! [Clap clap clap-clap-clap]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Oh uh, I'm sorry, [opens his arms wide] I don't really-"
The Last of the Meheecans,Crowd,Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. [he lowers his arms and the crowd quiets down. He raises them up and] Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. [he raises his right arm] ¡Oy! [he lowers his arm and raises it a little] ¡Oy! [now raises his left arm] ¡Orgullo! [opens his arms wide] Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. [the crowd members raise their arms and some begin to toss their hats in the air]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Wow.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,The U.S. border. Officer 2 briefs the new volunteers on their duties
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Welcome to the US Border Patrol. You volunteers are the key to keepin' this country safe and prosperous. [begins to walk back and forth] Every day, more and more Mexicans are tryin' to get past this fence and go back to their homes in Mexico. As border patrol officers our duty is to stop Mexicans from crossin' the border. We don't need to worry about the semantics of which direction they're going, we're just supposed to stop them! [pounds his left fist into his right hand] Marcus?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,The standard-issue border patrol weapon is the P-29 stun baton. [begins handing a baton to each volunteer] It carries a 4000 watt charge and is your best option for enforcin' border patrol law.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,This is gonna be so fuckin' sweet.
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,"The baton is non-lethal, but powerful e-"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 3,Hey! We got some! Mexicans at 2 o'clock! [hands his binoculars over to Officer 2]
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Let's get ready, recruits! Must be a couple dozen of them! [Cartman takes out his own binoculars and begins scanning and providing his own sound effects] This is the US Border Patrol! Stop where you are! Turn around and get back to work!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,"There's too many of 'em! We're gonna need backup! [Cartman goes to a nearby water truck and opens a spigot, which releases water and creates a large puddle. The Mexicans run into the puddle and stand there. Cartman tosses his baton into the puddle, electrocuting the Mexicans.]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"You're pretty good at stoppin' Mexicans, son. What's your name?"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Cartman. Eric T. Cartman.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"San Francisco, Later. The Mexicans are rounded up and taken to San Francisco to be released. What follows is a montage parody of Border Wars: first, shots of a border crossing showing four lanes of cars waiting to get into Mexico. A U-Haul truck is opened up and its cargo of Mexicans is removed from the trailer. A nighttime patrol shows Cartman with some other officers in a boat. They intercept a smaller boat with Mexicans trying to row to Mexico, then escort them back to shore near Santa Monica. The third shot shows Cartman on a helicopter with two other officers. He points at a sign on the ground. The helicopter drops him off near the sign and he turns it around to fool unsuspecting Mexicans, grins, and hides behind some bushes. Some Mexicans stand in line to get unemployment checks, and one of them gets a flag from Officer 2"
The Last of the Meheecans,Narrator,"Dedicated. Patriotic. Tireless. These are the men and women of the US Border Patrol. They work around the clock protecting America's prosperity. They are the front line in making sure Mexicans stay here and work. The border patrol is uncompromising, diligent, and kewl. They will defend, arrest, and most importantly, let the Mexicans know that they are way better off here in the United States."
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Días De Mantequilla. Butters has earned himself a festival - Butters Day - in what looks like Mexico City, complete with mariachis and a portrait of him mimicking the famous portrait of Our Lady of Guadalupe. Among the sights at this festival: little kids dancing, señoritas dancing nearby, a man wearing a large papier-mâché Mantequilla head is entertaining children, people are buying Mantequilla shirts at the Tienda de Orgullo, kids trying to burst open a piñata of Mantequilla. A girl runs by with a small Mexican flag. One of the kids breaks open the piñata and the others rush in for the candy."
The Last of the Meheecans,President Calderón,"¡Hoy celebramos el primer día de Mantequilla, honrando el espiritu de México! [""Today we celebrate the FIRST day of Mantequilla, honoring the spirit of Mexico!"" Everyone claps for Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Thanks everyone. [hops onto the table] It suer has been great gettin' to know you all. You've been really great amigos. [gets sad] It's really kind of made me... appreciate my amigos back home. I know they were waitin' for me, and I'm sure they're all worried sick."
The Last of the Meheecans,President Calderón,"Mantequilla, tu tienes que hacer una decisión. Los Estados Unidos están de baja, y claro, México pronto será el mejor lugar. Pero como Mexicanos, nosotros sabemos que nada es más importante que la famlia, y amistades. Estás invitado a vivir con nosotros, Mantequilla, pero tienes que seguir tu corazón. ¿Quieres quedarte aquí con nosotros, o quieres estar con tus amigos? [""Mantequilla, you have a decision to make. The United States is on the decline, and clearly, Mexico will quickly become the better place to be. But as we Mexicans know, nothing is more important than FAMILY and FRIENDS. You are welcome to live with us, Mantequilla, but you must follow your heart. Do you want to stay here with us, or do you want to go back to your amigos?""]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[aside to the Mexican sitting at the table with him] ...What did he say? Ah I actually don't speak Spanish.
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The US Border. Cartman stands front and center scanning the horizon, with other soldiers and volunteers taking breaks."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"[robot voice] No Mexicans detected. [normally] Huh, nothing."
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 4,"[Richards] Let's face it: they've just about all gotten back across. No matter how hard we tried, the Mexicans all got across the border."
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"When we asked Obama to stop illegal immigrants, we didn't mean to make the US so shitty they wouldn't wanna come anymore."
The Last of the Meheecans,Marcus,"[along in the lookout tower, as bored as the others, he suddenly sees something, sits up, and rushes to tell the others.] Hey! Hey wait a minute! [whips out his binoculars and gets a better look.] It's a Mexican! [It's Mantequilla] I think he wants to come back in! [Officer 2 climbs the ladder and gets a better look]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,"Oh my God it is! [puts down the binoculars and happily waves his hat at Butters] Hey! Hey! Come on in! [bangs at the tower and whistles] Come on! Come on! Come on, it's okay! [Butters draws closer, smiling. guard 2 addressed the other officers and volunteers] The fuck are you doing?! Get that gate open! [an officer and a volunteer happily oblige. The other officers and volunteers are smiling too]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 5,"Come on, buddy!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Other Officers,"Come on now, come on! You've got it. [Cartman gets up on the tower and uses his own binoculars]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Wait a minute, isn't that..."
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[looking back at him] Game on!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[squints his eyes] Oh no you don't! [takes Officer 2's sidearm and fires at Butters.]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[dodging the bullets] AAAH!
The Last of the Meheecans,Border officer 2,[takes his weapon back] Fuck are you doin'?!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"That asshole is not getting across my border! [Butters either fails to see the open gate, or it was closed while Cartman was firing at him, because he starts climbing the fence. Cartman quickly gets down to intercept him, but decides that electrocuting the fence would get Butters off it, and it works]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,AAAAH! [falls and gets up] I'll get over! [runs farther away from the tower]
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[gives chase] No you won't Butters!
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"[sees a gray burro and jumps up on him] Giddy up! [gallops away. Cartman gets on a pale gray burro and whistles, and gallops after Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Mexico City, day. The Mexicans have huddled around just one radio and are listening to the play-by-play provided by a commentator. Since the Spanish lines are not translated here, I will provide them"
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"Un otro shoto de Mantequilla. Y Manteque-ah. ¡Oh! ¡Una arma! Una arma del El Niño Gordo! [""Another shot of Mantequilla! And Mantequi-ah. Oh! A firearm! The fat kid's firearm!"" Apparently Cartman was firing at Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Mexicans,Ohhh!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"The US Border. Butters and Cartman ride past the tower, and Cartman finds himself fired upon. He turns and sees the border patrol after him"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,Ey!
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,Mexico City.
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"Mantequilla ayudar ¡1a Border Patrol! [""The Border Patrol is coming to Mantequilla's aid!"" The Mexicans cheer]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"El Río Bravo. Butters is now speeding away in a small boat, and Cartman is chasing him in a Border Patrol boat."
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"¡Respeto mi autóridad! [""Respect mah authoritah!"" Again, Cartman is fired upon, and his boat begins to sink. This time, the border patrol is in a helicopter firing away]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,Mexico City.
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"Border Patrol pegaron ¡El Cero Gordo! [""The border patrol hit the Fat Zero!"" Next, Cartman is on an ATV and stops to look for Butters]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,The US Border.
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"Where the fuck did he go?! [in the background, Butters can be seen riding by on his burro. Cartman sees him and gives chase. Just before Cartman reaches him, Butters blinks. Cartman jumps off his ATV and tackles Butters off his burro, and they both end up on the desert ground, with Cartman on top] Haha! Game over, Butters! You lose! [Butters apparently collapses] The fuck is this?! [instead of seeing the real Butters, Cartman sees a life-size piñata of him. The head separates from the body and candy falls out] No. NO! [Butters is climbing the fence]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,[taunting] Haha! Heheeheeheehahaheehee!
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! [Butters goes over the border fence and jumps down]
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,Base! [dances around with his arms outstretched]
The Last of the Meheecans,Mexicans,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! [Butters gets on his knees and slides into a pose]
The Last of the Meheecans,Commentator,"El mirito, vinto! [the Mexicans celebrate. The border patrol celebrates as well, and Butters dances, the ""Mexican Hat Dance"" starts playing]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Scene Description,"Cartman's dining room, evening. The boys are back at the table eating dinner, with Butters sitting between Craig and Kyle. The boys are laughing and telling jokes to each other"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"So then, so then the fireman says ""That won't even fit in my scrotum!"" [the boys laugh again]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"[noticing Cartman] Stop being a pouty little bitch 'cause you lost, Cartman!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,"I'm not pouting! I'm just... sensitive to fireman jokes 'cause of 9/11 and uh, uh... fuck you, Kyle!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Butters,"Boy, I'm so glad I proved I'm a good Meheecan! Hey, maybe next time I can be team leader!"
The Last of the Meheecans,Stan,"Ahhh, I think we'll stick with Kyle, dude. You made it across the border, but it did take you... two and a half weeks."
The Last of the Meheecans,Kyle,"Yeah, you're a great Meheecan, Butters, just not a great leader of Meheeco. [everyone falls silent. Butters stands up on his chair and raises his arms slowly]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Mexicans,"[responding to his gesture] ¡Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... [A baby responds to it, as do three Mexican fisherman out at sea. Craig and Kyle look all around, and then at Butters. Butters thrusts his right arm out twice.] ¡Oy! ¡Oy! [Butters thrusts his left arm out once] ¡Orgullo! [raises both arms again] ¡Maaantequilla! [now all his friends are looking at him]"
The Last of the Meheecans,Cartman,[sighs gruffly and rolls his eyes] A Baptist priest with a huge boner walks into a bar...
Bass to Mouth,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallway. Butters walks with Kenny, Stan and Kyle are at their lockers, and Cartman comes into view at the far end of the hallway"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"YOU GUYS! Oh my God, you guys! [runs up to Butters, Kenny, Stan, and Kyle] You're never gonna guess what! [stands among them] Seriously you guys, guess what??"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"You guys, you know Pete Melman? [no one answers] Fourth Grade, Mr. Bart's class?"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,The blond kid?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, Pete Melman!"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,What about him?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"He crapped his pants today during social studies! He had to go to the nurse's office, and have his mom bring him a fresh pair of jeans! [begins to cackle]"
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,[angry] How do you know?!
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Because, dude, it's all over Eavesdropper!"
Bass to Mouth,Butters,Eavesdropper?
Bass to Mouth,Kyle,What's that?
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Puhah! You guys don't follow Eavesdropper? [whips out an iPhone and starts looking for the Eavesdropper article] It's a Web site about all the students in the school! [The web site screams ""Exclusive! Pete Melman Craps Pants At School!"" at you. Part of the page has a picture of Pete on there, with a 'play' button to play a recording]"
Bass to Mouth,Clyde,"[appears at the far end of the hallway] Hey, did you guys see Eavesdropper? Pete Melman shit his pants! [runs off to tell others]"
Bass to Mouth,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, I'm showin' the guys! [gets back to his phone] Check it out. Eavesdropper got a hold of the phone call from the nurse to Pete Melman's mom. [touches the 'play' button] Just listen, listen listen."
Bass to Mouth,Nurse Bronski,"Hello Mrs. Melman, this is the school nurse. I'm afraid your son has had a little accident. [Cartman snickers quietly]"
Bass to Mouth,Mrs. Melman,"Oh no, what is it? Is he okay?"
Bass to Mouth,Stan,Turn it up. [Cartman obliges]
Bass to Mouth,Nurse Bronski,"No no, it's not serious, but he went number two during class. [Cartman grins big, Butters grins a little, Kyle is a little disgusted] I'm afraid he's gonna need a new pair of pants and underwear, and a clean pair of socks."
Bass to Mouth,Craig,"Hey, did you guys see Eavesdropper?"
