Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Hey, relax, guy. I'm gonna keep my side of the bargain."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Roger, Red Dragon. Scott out."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He puts the phone away.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"[To himself.] I've got you now, you fart-lovin' fart-lovers."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"On the flight to Tehran, Terrance and Phillip leave British Columbia, fly over the western and southwestern U.S., and over the Gulf of Mexico. Over the Yucatan Peninsula Terrance farts, they laugh, and the plane turns towards the Atlantic."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I Got Ya.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"They laugh again. Over the Pyrenees, Phillip farts, the plane moves towards North Africa, then turns again for Italy."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Burned your face.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The plane heads for Egypt, where another fart forces it towards the Black Sea. Once they cross it, another fart forces the plane to cross the Black Sea again..."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Ow, that's rancid. Hahahahaha."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,It then turns towards Iran when it is in southern Turkey. It lands in...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Tehran 2:30 P.M. Terrance and Phillip walk among the crowds in the city.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip. How will we ever find my fugitive daughter in this daunting place? We don't speak the language, we are unwelcome strangers, and we have no idea where to begin."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, look. There she is."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He points at a girl wearing a yellow dress and pink bow - not Arab dress in the least.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, good."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They make their way to her.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Sally,Goo. Where?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"I'm here, Sally. It's your father, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He picks her up in his arms.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I'm here to save you from your smelly Arabian captors.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Sally,Pa-pa.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Say, she looks a lot more like Celine Dion than you, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Sally farts.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, now I see the resemblance!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, enough of Iran, let's get home."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,On the flight home she farts again and Terrance and Phillip laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Canadian Airport 3:45 P.M. The plane lands.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, now that I have my bastard daughter back, I feel like going to Celine Dion's house and asking her to marry me again."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, raspberries, looks like I'm losing a friend."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"No, you're gaining a pop vocalist."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip notices something.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Oh my God! [Terrance looks.] What is this?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"There are pictures of Saddam Hussein plastered all over the city, and ominous music plays."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Is this Canada?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,It seems to have changed.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,This is madness!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"What's going on, Phillip? How can Canada have changed so much whilst we were gone?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"I don't know, Terrance. And who is that smelly person in all these pictures?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I must take my bastard daughter back to Celine Dion and see what she has to say.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Celine Dion's House 4:02 P.M. Terrance and Phillip arrive with Sally. Terrance knocks, and Celine opens the door."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Celine, I brought our daughter Sally back, and I want to tell you that--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Terrance, ha, could you come back a little later?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Why?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Ah, I'm just a little busy right now."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"You've got a man over, don't you, Celine Dion?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Well, I..."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Ugly Bob comes out behind her.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,Hi guys.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh my God, it's Ugly Bob!!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,What the hell are you doing here?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,I'm doing Celine Dion; what's it look like?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Celine Dion, what have you done? I was going to make us a family again, but now you've slept with Ugly Bob!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"What do you mean? Why are you calling him ""Ugly Bob""?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Because that's his name, you stupid bitch!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,She turns to Ugly Bob.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"You told me your name ""Handsome Bob""!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Look at him, Celine Dion."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance pulls the bag off.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,Aaaaaaaaaaaagggggghhhhh!!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Behold his horrible face.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Oh my God, he's hideously ugly! And I am pregnant with his child!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,What?! Nooooooooooooooooo!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,I'm going to have a freak baby!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Ohh, the humanity!!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Saddam Hussein's Canadian HQ. 4:03 P.M. Scott enters the cabin.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Hey, Saddam. You helped me get rid of Terrance and Phillip, and I appreciate that, but why are framed pictures of you going up all over Canada?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Huh? Oh that? Don't worry, guy, you just need a rest."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,...No I don't need a rest!! I want to know what this is all aboot.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Hey, relax, fella. I'm just making it so that Terrance and Phillip can never come back to Canada again. I just need a couple of days, and then I'm gonna head back to Iran."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,I thought you were from Iraq.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Iran, Iraq, what the hell's the difference? Relax, guy!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Downtown Canada 4:04 P.M. Saddam's troops are filing past the buildings as Terrance and Phillip look on. Terrance farts and the two laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Phillip, I'm convinced that something very very not good is happening to Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Yes. I agree whole-fartedly.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They laugh. Scott rushes up to them.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Hey, what the hell are you guys doing here?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, hello, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"You're not supposed to be here, you're supposed to be in Iran looking for your kidnapped--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Puts left hand to mouth.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Ah, I mean, how are you guys today?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Wait, what were you saying?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Nothing, why?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hey, Scott. Guess what?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,What?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance farts and they laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Aargh! I hate you more than ever, Terrance and Phillip! I absolutely abhor you both!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He then puts his fists forth and concentrates mightily on them. They simply stand back.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"What are you doing, Scott?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,I'm wishing cancer upon you.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Cancer?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,That's right. I'm trying to give you cancer with my mind.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Ooh, stop that!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"He grabs Phillip as a shield, then pulls him back."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Hey, don't give me cancer!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Scott advances.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Saddam Hussein's Canadian HQ. 4:05 P.M. Two U.S. Army Officials arrive.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,"Mr. Hussein, the U.S. Government is becoming worried."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Worried? Aboot what? Take a load off, relax."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,You seem to be... taking over Canada.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Taking over Canada? Me? Eeeyy, you need a rest, fella. I'm not hiding any bombs."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,We didn't say anything about bombs.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Oh. You didn't? Hey, relax."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,"We're giving you just three years to clear your forces out of Canada, and after that, we're gonna bomb all of Iran."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,I'm from Iraq.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,"Iran, Iraq, what's the difference?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The officials leave.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Guard on right,"Euugh. I hate Americans. Please, let me kill them!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"No, no. You need to relax, guy. Remember the plan: first we take over Canada, then we'll have to go after the female pop vocalist. After that, we'll take over the U.S., then Europe, then China, then Newfoundland, then the world!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He laughs wickedly and rolls all over his desk.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Returning.] What's so funny!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Nothing! Relax, brother."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Saddam, Terrance and Phillip are back in Canada!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Oh, really?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You promised me they'd be gone for good! That was your part of the bargain!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,[Thumps his desk.] I changed my mind. [Thumps his desk again.] Pray that I don't change it any further.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The guard on the right cocks his machine gun and Scott is chagrined.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,This deal's getting worse all the time.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip's House 4:06 P.M. They are at home eating Kroff Dinner on the sofa.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Hey, Terrance, let's watch American television."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Yes. We can get satellite feed from the U.S. and watch all their stupid T.V. shows.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Oh look. Here's a show. [Jerry Springer.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Woman 1,...well fuck you.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Woman 2,Arrrggghh! [Lunges at woman 1.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Springer,And this is what life would be like...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,It's so stupid!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Goddamn, their TV shows are lame!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The next show they see is South Park.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Mephesto,"The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip laugh over the line.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Look at their silly American heads.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,They look like groundhogs.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Cartman,He's my father?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip clicks a new channel.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Anchor,"And in other news it appears that Saddam Hussein has finally signed an agreement to let the U.S. inspect his military operations. When asked if he would uphold his side of the agreement, Hussein replied, quote: ""Hey, relax, fella. You need a rest, guy."""
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hey, Phillip. Isn't that the smelly gentleman we've seen in pictures all over town?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Yes it is, Terrance. According to that newsie, he's some kind of Turkish dictator."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, we just can't sit here and eat Kroff Dinner and let Canada be overrun by the Turks!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The phone rings, and they laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"That fart sounded like a ringing phone, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"It sure did, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The phone rings again, and Terrance looks."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, wait. That is the phone."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He sets his plate aside and gets up to answer it.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Hello?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Terrance, this is Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh. [To Phillip.] Hey, it's Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He covers the receiver while Phillip answers.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Tell him he's a smelly bastard.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Phillip says hello, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Just shut up and listen. You've unleashed a monster onto Canada! And only you can get rid of him, even though I hate you, and I wish you had cancer."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"You are such a dick, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Pause.] You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,The two of you are the most annoying dicks in Canada. You give other Canadians a bad name. And if I had my hair-
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"I'm sorry, Scott. Could you hold on a minute?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Sure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance raises his left leg, places the receiver between his legs, and farts on it. He and Phillip laugh as he lowers his leg."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"How do you like that, Scott?!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You son of a bitch! I'll get you if it's the last thin--
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh wait, I have another call on, Scott. Can you hold on?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Sure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance raises his left leg, places the receiver between his legs, and farts on it. He lowers his leg and resumes talking."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, that was Sir Smelly. He says 'hello.'"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Goddammit!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, wait a second, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Sure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance raises his left leg...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"I mean, no! You listen to me! If you want to save Canada, you'll meet me at Karl's Kroff Dinner Restaurant in half an hour. [Hangs up.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine Dion's House 4:07 P.M. Celine Dion and Ugly Bob are back in bed.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Oh, Ugly Bob, I'm so confused. I love your personality, but you are so wretchedly ugly."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,She puffs on a cigarette.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,Maybe the baby will have your face instead of mine.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,We can only hope. I suppose we'll be okay as long as you keep that bag on your head.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Three Republican Guards burst through the bedroom door, and Saddam follows."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,What's this?! [Gasps.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"He-yy there. I'm Saddam Hussein. I'm a big fan of Polo. I've been searching a long time for you, Celine Dion."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Oh no, you don't. She's my bitch."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Eh! Who are you?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"I'm Bob. But my friends call me ""Ugly Bob"", because I have the features of a deformed burn victim."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Really? I thought all Canadians looked alike. Let me see.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Bob takes off the bag and everybody in the room screams.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Well, I'm sorry, guy. You know, I could cure that face of yours."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Bob and Celine now look at him.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,You can?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Sure! I just need a favor. There is a Canadian football game tomorrow: the Ottawa Roughriders vs. the Vancouver Roughriders. It is at that game that I will officially turn the Canadian flag over to my Iranian one.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,What? Why?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Hey! Don't worry about that. Take a load off, don't worry about it. Look over here. All I need is for Celine Dion to sing our Iranian national anthem at the game - to finalize my hostile takeover of Canada. What do you say?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Did you say, ""hostile takeover of Canada""?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"No, no, relax there, fella!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine takes another bag and places it over Bob's head.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Karl's Kroff Dinner Palace 4:36 P.M. Terrance and Phillip are there. So are some pictures of Saddam.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, Scott said to meet him here, but he's not showing up."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip farts and they laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Well, while we're waiting, why don't we search for treasure?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Oh. Good idea. Let's search for treasure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Phillip looks around, but Terrance ends up looking at his feet."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Arrives.] What are you idiots doing?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,We're looking for treasure!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Is that some kind of metaphor for a kind of search that can't be described?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"No, we're searching for treasure."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Listen. I have an inside scoop. There's an Iraqi dictator who is quietly and slowly taking over Canada.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Yes. You mean Saddam Smelly. We saw him on the telly.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Well, what are you two gonna do aboat it?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,What do you mean?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,It's your fault that he's here! You brought the Iraqis back with you on your plane when you rescued your kidnapped daughter! [they gasp.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"You mean, we are to blame?!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"That's right. And now you must make amends. Tomorrow, Saddam will try to finalize his takeover of Canada, at the Roughriders-Roughriders football game. It will be your only shot at wiping them all out. Here, take this."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He hands him a box with a watch face on it.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,What is this?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"It's a bomb. You must strap it to yourselves, go to the game, and sacrifice your lives to take out Saddam's minions."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,That plan's scary!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Well, you must do it for Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"For Canada, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A display of solidarity begins. He puts his arm behind Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"For Canada, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance puts his arm behind Phillip. Then they let go and leave.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Yes, Terrance and Phillip. And when the dust is settled, Canada will be rid of both: the Iraqis and your immature fart humor."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip's House 12:20 P.M.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well. Phillip, I am very sad that we have to die for Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Yes. This bomb will blow us both to smithereens. But we really have no choice. Only our deaths can bring Canada life.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance farts, and they laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,That's funny!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Hey! Wait a minute. That fart gives me pause.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Why is that?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"That smelly Saddam Hussein. He uses germ and chemical warfare, does he not?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Yes. Apparently, he does."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Terrance! Get the phone book! We must call every Canadian we can!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip. It sounds like you have an idea."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"I do, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Phillip picks up the receiver and dials away... Barky comes up and farts, then leaves. Terrance and Phillip laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Canada Stadium 11:32 A.M.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer,"And the Roughriders are giving the Roughriders a run for their money! [Not if the score is valid: 28-7.] All else aside, I must say that the Roughriders [To his right.] are simply outmatched by these Roughriders [To his left. Red and blue Roughriders go after the football and time runs out. A horn blows and the referee blows his whistle.] And that's going to take us to halftime. Be sure to stick around for the halftime show: Saddam and the Electric Iraqis in a salute to hostile takeovers!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"A long platform is put together from two shorter ones, each one having half the Canadian flag. The flag is made whole when the platforms are put together. A band plays and walks across the field and the crowd cheers."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, I guess it's time, old friend."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Yes. Prepare the alert!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Saddam climbs onto the platform with some difficulty, then rights himself and takes the microphone."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Hello to my Canadian friends. Everybody relax. Take a rest. Lift your feet up. Those Dogs Are Barking.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"He waits for a reaction, but none comes."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"You may have noticed some changes to your country. Don't worry about that, the changes will continue. I'm here to announce once and for all that Canada will now be known as ""New Baghdad!"" Qoloh Qalah!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A Canadian flag is taken down from its pole and an Iraqi one put up in its place. An Iraqi one is placed over the Canadian one on the platform. The audience gasps.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,You will bow down to me as your ruler! You will obey my laws or you will be killed!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine Dion and Ugly Bob are standing by as Saddam laughs derisively.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,And now you will sing the Iraqi national anthem...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A guard nudges Celine towards the microphone with the tip of his machine gun.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Or you will be stabbed in the head!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,Shtud balaa shtud inca inca brusht...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Now, Phlllip?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phlllip,"Now, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He puts on his gas-mask while Terrance brings out a bugle and sounds the alert. Everyone in the stadium then puts on masks.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Hey!! What the hell is this?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine puts on her mask.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine,Freh kashu kaliakaliakatchut...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"People all around the stadium turn around and start to drop trousers, and fart. One man stands on his hands, leaving his derriere high in the air with legs spread open. A brown cloud starts to form over the stadium and it descends into the gridiron. Saddam starts to gag."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Guard,They're using chemical warfare! How could they?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,More brown clouds sweep across the field and seem to sweep Saddam along with them. He stumbles to the edge of the platform and the crowd cheers loudly. He finally falls and the clouds start to lift away. The Iraqi flag falls off the side of the platform as the people remove their masks and cheer some more.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"We did it, Phillip! We destroyed the Turks!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, Glorious Day!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Some people come down and start kicking Saddam around. Bob and Celine take off their masks while holding hands. She takes her hand away and quickly places a paper bag on Bob's head. A woman takes Saddam's left arm, a man takes his head. Terrance and Phillip come down from their seats and rush to the platform, and all stadium seats are now empty. Terrance and Celine hold hands."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Phillip, Terrance! You've saved Canada!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Ooh, it was all Phillip's idea."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They progress to full embrace.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"God bless you, Phillip. [Embraces him.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"[Pulls away.] Don't touch me, Ugly Bob!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"[Walking up.] Hey, What the hell happened? You were supposed to be blown up!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"We came up with a better plan. You see, Scott, after all your criticism, it was farting that saved Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Oh! That is so juvenile!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Celine have let go of each other.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hey, Scott, you like apples?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Of course!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,[Farts on him.] How do you like them apples? [Laughs heartily.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"I hate you, Terrance and Phillip!!! [Goes away.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Oh Celine Dion. You never finished that national anthem.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"You're right, Terrance. You're right."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,She walks forth and grabs the microphone
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"O Canada, our home and native land,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Celine, Terrance, Bob, Phillip, and people on the field"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd,True patriot love in all thy sons command
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Large Crowd,"With glowing hearts we see thee rise, the True North, strong and free,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A man uses Saddam's head like that of a dummy and provides a falsetto for it. The words scroll across the scoreboard.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd outside,"From far and wide, O Canada, we stand on guard for thee God keep our land glorious and free Oh, Canada we stand on guard for thee"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The camera pulls away from the stadium, and then from Canada, as if on a plane. More crowds are seen, then some cabins, some mountains, and finally a moose."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd,"Oh, Canada we stand on guard for thee"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The whole scene is now framed in a maple-leaf outline, with the moose in the center grazing. He looks up. When the anthem ends Terrance farts once more and laughs away. His laughter echoes."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,End credits roll and theme music plays.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer 1,"Who is Eric Cartman's father? Find out on an all new South Park, in just a few weeks."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,South Park.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 2,"Previously, on South Park: an air of sobriety fills the laboratory as the men of South Park gather to find out which one of them fathered this boy."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A shot of Cartman chowing down on cookies and milk.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,"Who is Eric Cartman's father? At the end of this episode, you will know the answer."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Opening warning and theme song. Much has been added. Then the episode resumes at the laboratory.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"And now, to continue, the father is indeed someone in this room."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Man, this feels like the longest minute of my life."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Kenny is restored to the story line. Kyle notices.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oooh- hey, Kenny."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Gentlemen, the father is..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The lights go out.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, what the hell's going on?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,It's a power outage!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Two gunshots, then a body is heard falling. The lights go back on and the men settle down."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Is everybody okay? That sounded like a gunshot!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Oh my God, look!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Mephesto lies shot on the floor, his ass-headed cane next to him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(Oh my God, they killed Mephesto!)"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,You bastards!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Mephesto's been shot.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Everyone gathers around Mephesto.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Is he ...dead?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Jimbo and Ned stand near a newly broken window.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Hey! This window is shot out, too! That means the killer was not someone in this room!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Then who was it?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who shot Mephesto? Was it the school counselor? Or was it Ms. Crabtree? Or was it--
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Ey! Wait a minute! I didn't find out who my father was!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Or was it Sheila Broflovski?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,[Listening to Mephesto's chest.] Waait! [Getting up.] He's still breathin'! He's not dead.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Grabbing Mephesto's shirt.] Goddammit! Who's my father?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,[About to lift Mephesto.] We've got to get him to the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,You've got to be kidding me!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Come on, children!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Chef carries Mephesto out the door. Cartman follows.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Eeeehh..!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Gerald Broflovski,"Oh, that poor kid. It must be hell for him going through all this."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Ms. Cartman sighs deeply and moves away.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,There's a murderer free in South Park. We have to find out who it is before they kill again.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Yeah. God only knows who they'll kill next.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who will they kill next? Will it be Jimbo? Barbrady? The Denver Broncos?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Chef is driving up a hill with the kids and Mephesto.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Is he awake yet?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,[Checking.] He's bleeding pretty bad back here.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Don't let him bleed on my Meredith Baxter-Birney memorial towel.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,What's a Meredith Baxter-Birney memorial towel?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,I actually was with Meredith Baxter-Birney in this very car. And afterwards we used that towel to... [Mad at himself.] Wait a minute. Why am I telling you this?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Could you pull over so I can get out?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,What? We have to get to the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,I have to get out first. I'm not gonna make it; I can't stand hospitals.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Sorry, Stan. We just gotta drop Mephesto off and then we can get outta there, alright?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Man, it's really starting to snow."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The scene outside is filled with snow falling as Chef drives by.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I hope they don't close the roads.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,They can't. Mephesto can't die.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Maybe it's better you don't know who your father is, Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No way, dude! I can't stand to leave things unfinished. It's like when you hear the first part of that song, ""Come Sail Away"", by Styx. If I hear the first part of that song, I have to finish it."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Really?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Yeah, du-I can't do anything until it's done."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kyle looks at Stan, who looks back. Kyle begins."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I'm sailing away...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,No! Don't!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Set an open course for the virgin sea...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman tries to resist, but the pull is just too strong."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Eh--
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Two short gasps follow, then Cartman races through..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"For I've got to be free, Free to face the life that's ahead of me, On board I'm the captain, so climb aboard, We'll search for tomorrow, on every shore, And I'll try, oh lord, I'll try to carry on, Maymaynemay Maymaynemay Maymaynemay Maymaynemay, A gathering of angels appeared above my head, They sang to us this song of hope, And this is what they said, Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads, Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The car passes a sign for Hell's Pass Hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"I thought that they were angels, but to my surprise We climbed about their starship and headed for the skies Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman is out of breath, breathing heavily, Chef keeps driving."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"City Hall, first night. Sheila, Officer Barbrady, Sharon, and Jimbo are assembled before the Mayor."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"What are we gonna do, Mayor? This killer is on the loose!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Sheila,We can't even leave our homes for fear of our children's safety.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Sharon,Uh... Where are our children?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,They look around.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"Officer Barbrady, let's pretend for one second that we had a competent law enforcer in this town: what would he do?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Hmmm... That's a good question, Mayor. Let me get right on that with thinking."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A man and his boom mic operator rush in.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Man,Mayor! Mayor!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[Aside to an aide.] The press is here.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Sid Greenfield,My name is Sid Greenfield. I'm the director from Los Angeles for America's Most Wanted.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[Amazed.] Youuu certainly made it up here quickly.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,We're desperate for stories.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The boom mic operator thumps him.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,A-and this one is so compelling.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[Aroused.] Really??
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Sure. This story has everything. People. Furniture. Talking-ih it's a real American story.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Hey, I thought of something. [Close-up.] Uh... no, wait, that's subtraction."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Director person, what exactly do you want to do?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Mayor, shouldn't we be focusi--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,Shh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"We just want to do a recreation of the story for our show. Then we'll flash a number on the screen that people can call if they have any information regarding the identity or location of the shooter. That's it. You win, we win, America wins."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,Are you sure this wouldn't make our little town look dangerous?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Don't worry, Mayor. America's Most Wanted is not about violence, it's about family."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cameraman,It is?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"[Thoughtfully.] Weelll, in that case, I guess it's okay!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Great! We'll get started with auditions immediately. What part should we cast first?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who will the director cast first? Will it be Mr. Garrison? Officer Barbrady? Chef?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"At the Unplanned Parenthood Clinic, it is snowing."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,I want to have... an abortion.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Uoh well, we can do that. This must be a very difficult time for you, Mrs..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Cartman. Yesuh- it's such a hard decision, but I just don't feel I can raise a child in this screwy world."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Yes, Ms. Cartman. If you don't feel fit to raise a child, then abortion probably is the answer. Do you know the actual time of conception?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,About eight years ago.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"[Processing.] ...I sseee, so the fetus is..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,Eight years old.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Ms. Cartman, uh- eight years old is a little late to be considering abortion."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,Really?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Yes, this is what we would refer to as the ""fortieth trimester""."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,But I just don't think I'm a fit mother.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Wuh... But we prefer to abort babies a little- ...earlier on; in fact, there's a law against abortions after the second trimester."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Well, I think you need to keep your laws off of my body."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Hmmmmm. Tsk, I'm afraid I can't help you, Ms. Cartman. If you want to change the law, you'll have to speak with your congressman."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"[Rises from the chair.] Well, that's exactly what I intend to do. Good day!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"She leaves, meanwhile at the Hell's Pass Hospital, Chef and the children have arrived."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Come on, children! We've gotta find a doctor! [Kenny follows him in.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"[Stops.] Ugh. I can't do it, dude. [Kyle and Cartman pass him.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Come on, Stan. Hospitals aren't all that bad."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Yeah, stop being a wuss!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Operating room. A patient lies on the table, and the doctor is being assisted by a female nurse with no arms below the elbow. Chef and the kids enter."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Doctor!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"One moment, please. Nurse, I need 20 cc's of sodium pentathol, stat!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,She reaches for the syringe and grabs it with her mouth.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Whoa, dude! She doesn't have any arms!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"We're an equal-opportunity employer here, son."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"She spits out the syringe, and he catches it along the cartridge end."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Doctor! We've got a shot cracker outside!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"I'll be right with you, right after I inject this man with a long needle."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,[Pained.] Oh man. [Grabs his stomach.] I'm gonna be sick.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"There there, young man. Medical science is nothing to be afraid of."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Squeezes out any air left in the syringe. A few drops escape, and he rams the needle into the man's side."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Oogh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Scraping sounds are now heard.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Nurse,"Ooooo, I think you're hitting the bone."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Ooooogh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor is still driving the syringe.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Yes. I can hear the needle scraping against the bone inside.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Blood starts bursting from the injection site.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Oops, he's hemorrhaging."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"A burst lands next to Stan, who is wide-eyed at this point."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Aghh!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,[Plop.] Ooo! His head fell off.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,I'm gotta get outta here!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Stan!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Ugh, some people just have a weak stomach."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,America's Most Wanted temporary set.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Greenfield is accompanied by his assistant in the auditorium.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Tryout,"And the father of Eric Cartman is... Bang! Oh, Jiminy! I've been shot! [Drops the cane.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Oh, thank you very much. We'll get back to you. [The actor departs.] I think I've seen enough genetic engineers. Let's move on to the auditions for the part of Mister-uhh Garrison."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Assistant,Call the Mr. Garrison auditions!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Garrison 1,"Boy, I sure hope I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat 1,"[Just a sock with two purple disks for eyes.] You can say that again, Mr. Garrison!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Alright, not bad. Let's keep him on the top pile. Next!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"I sure hope that I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat,"You can say that again, Mr. Garrison!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Thank you! Next!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,[Shocked.] What?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Next!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison leaves, dejected, as another actor enters."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Garrison 2,"[An actor with a deep voice.] I sure hope that I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat 2,"[A fist with a face drawn on it.] You can say that again, Mr. Garrison."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Perfect! You got it! Let's move on to the Chefs!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison stands dumbstruck. Meanwhile Liane is in bed with her congressman.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"...And so you see, Congressman O'Reilly, that's why I think abortion laws should be changed."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,O'Reilly,"Well, all I know is that third-trimester abortions are illegal. I don't really know anything about 40th."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,But the person at Unplanned Parenthood said you were who I had to talk to about changing the law.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,O'Reilly,"No- No, I think youah gotta talk to the governor about that stuff."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Oh, dear."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Back at the hospital, Mephest is still on the operating table, sedated."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Well, this is about all I can do for him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Can't you get him to talk? I have to know who my father is.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Sorry, son, it might be a while."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman bounds atop Mephesto and begins slapping him around.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Wake up, you son of a bitch!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Whoa!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor lowers Cartman from atop Mephesto.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Now, son, that's not's gonna do him any good. I'll let you know if there's a change in his condition."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I can't wait anymore. What am I supposed to do?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Hey, Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,What?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I'm sailing ay...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"--way; Set an open course for the virgin sea For I've got to be free, free to face the life that's ahead of me On board I'm the captain, so climb aboard..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Okay okay, let's get outta here now!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,...We'll search for tomorrow on every shore...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,[Looking out at the snow storm.] I don't know if that's gonna be too easy.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"...And I'll try, oh lord, I'll try to carry on..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"My God, that's a hell of a storm."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I look to the sea; Reflections-- --in the waves spark my memory...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oh, weak."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Kenny looks up towards the window.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"...Some happy, some sad; I think of childhood friends and the dreams we had We lived happily forever, so the--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Back at the studio, auditions have ended, Greenfield is looking at the storm."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"God, I hate mountains. This better not push back our shooting schedule."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The actors for Mephesto, Barbrady, and Chef are on the laboratory stage. Greenfield takes the megaphone."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Okay, people, let's rehearse the reenactment from the top before we shoot it."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Greenfield sees a new actor and turns to his assistant.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Who's that?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Assistant,"Oh, that's TV's Eric Roberts. We were able to get him to play the part of the little monkey guy."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Whoa. Talk about ""all washed-up"", huh? Great to have you, Eric!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Eric Roberts stops munching a doughnut long enough to wave and smile.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Here we go, aaand action."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,I want to announce who the father is.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Bang!!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,"Oh, I've been shot! [Falls over.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady Actor,Nobody move! I'm a law officer!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef Actor,"My God, I think he's gone into cardiac arrest!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,[As Chef Actor speaks] Whoaw..!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady Actor,"You seem somewhat unnerved by this, Chef."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef Actor,"Are you accusing me, Barbrady? Because if you are accusing me, don't hide behind your clever riddles!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady Actor,"Our differences must be set aside for now, Mr. Chef. I'm simply a man, a man trying to do my job."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Whoa, this is a good movie!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Back at the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me-hee"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The boys are in the emergency room with a bunch of patients bleeding, getting nauseous, etc."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Ohh. Dude, when can we get out of here?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The doctor bursts through the emergency doors with the nurse, a blonde is bleeding from a gash on her neck."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Blonde,"Doctor, I can't focus!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"We're doing the best we can, ma'am. They've closed the pass and none of the other doctors can get through. For now, it's just me, and Nurse Goodly."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,She tosses the stethoscope around for a better hold.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Wait a second. They've closed the pass??
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Yes, I'm afraid we're critically understaffed. Unless we get help soon, all these people in here are completely fucked."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Everyone turns to him and gasps. He quickly retracts.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Metaphorically speaking, that is."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,What about Mephesto? Are you taking care of him?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,He's on full life-support and breathing fine. He shouldn't need any help - so long as the power doesn't go out.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Bzht. Everything goes black.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Oof. Who didn't see that coming a mile away, huh?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Show time! A siren rotates, there's a hold-up and a helicopter zooms in on a raid from above. There's also a ground shot of the arrest. Lady Justice appears. A suspect is thrown behind bars."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Voice-over,"Tonight, on America's Most Wanted, a shooter is on the loose in Colorado, and its residents are up in arms! Here's your host, John Walsh."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,John Walsh,"Good evening and welcome to America's Most Wanted. Tonight: terror invaded the small mountain community of South Park, Colorado, when Dr. Alphonse Mephesto [His picture appears.] was gunned down in his laboratory. America's Most Wanted has reconstructed this heinous crime [The South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch is seen.] in hopes that your calls could help solve the case."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A reenactment plays.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,[Pfff. The actors flinch and he throws away the cane] I've been shot!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Garrison Actor,"[Catches him.] My God, Mr. Hat! Get some help!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat Actor,"Right away, Mr. Garrison."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Eric Roberts as Kevin,"No, no! My lifetime partner and friend, gone, taken away in the wink of an eye. O, Fortune, why do you mock me?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,What the--? Bu-eh. Eric Roberts is improvising lines again!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef Actor,I'm going to get the man to a hospital. Who will help me?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Eric Roberts,This is not a world I want to live in! Doesn't anyone want--
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,God-dammit!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Outside, a pine tree falls on the studio's power lines. The lights dim and all action comes to a halt."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,What the hell is this?!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cameraman,We've lost the feed to L.A.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,John Walsh,"Uuuhm... We-we seem to have lost our linkup to the South Park crew, sso I guess we'll be going to our featured movie, Who Framed Roger Rabbit."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who framed Roger Rabbit? Was it Jimbo? Mr. Garrison? Chef?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Somebody go see why we lost the hookup!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The doors fly open and snow is swept in.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Holy smokes, that blizzard is getting crazy!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Back at the hospital. Lights can be seen in most of the rooms. Inside, the backup generator has come online and everyone is running around."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Nurse Goodly,"Don't panic, anybody. The power lines are down, but the backup generator is running just fine."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"[Opening the operating room doors wide.] Nurse, I could use some help in here!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Goodly,Coming!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman stands in her way stopping her.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Lady-m? Is Mephesto gonna be okay?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Goodly,"Yes, for now. But I'm afraid the generator won't run for long. The batteries run out in half an hour. Time is very short."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Nurse, please! I need another pair of hands in here!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,She looks at him and glares.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Oh, sorry."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Liane at the Governor's mansion, in bed with him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Don't you see, Governor? I should have a right to have an abortion if I want one."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Governor,"[Smoking.] Mmaarr. I don't know-uh, I might need some more convincing, hm-hm-hm."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He edges closer to her.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"I mean, what right do I have bringing another child into this overpopulated world? Then again, I should've thought of that before having sex. then againuh-- Oh, I just don't know..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Back at the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Please, Mr. Chef. I've over 100 people to attend to an-and only myself and Nurse Goodly."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,What do you want me to do?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Do you know anything about surgery?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,I used to watch Quincy.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"What?! Why the hell didn't you say so? Put on some scrubs! Boys, I'm making you all honorary doctors. You can help us save these people's lives."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"No way, dude!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"America's Most Wanted studio, in the dark, Jimbo opens the door and a pile of snow pours in on him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Well, [Opens his right eye.] we're not going anywhere for a loong time."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,We're snowed in?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaneils,Yes. We're trapped!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,[Snuggling up to Greenfield.] Like sailors on a submarine.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"My God, this is the worst storm I've ever seen."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Assistant,"Oh I have to get out of here, I haven't eaten since breakfast."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Yeah, I'm gettin' hungry, too. [Rubs his belly.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,I hope you all realize what we might be facing here.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Everyone is now focused on Jimbo.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,Our only option might be to... eat each other to stay alive.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Gasps are heard all around.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Uuuhh, it's only been like, four hours. Aren't you resorting to cannibalism a little quickly?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"That's the law of land, Mr. Director. It ain't pretty, but if a few of us must die so the rest can stay alive, so be it."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"Buut, how do we decide ""who""?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Well, we draw straws."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Now, wait a minute. We all had a big breakfast: can't you people go without eating for a little while?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Calm down, soldier! We need every person here to keep his head! Barbrady, fetch some straws."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Well- who the hell made you the boss anyway?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who the hell made Jimbo boss? Was it Barbrady? Chef? Mr. Gar--
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Same night, the hospital. The doctor is operating with his motley crew. Stan and Kyle are on one side, Cartman and Kenny are on the other. Chef stands at one end of the table between Cartman and Kyle, and the doctor is at the other end."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Miles' appendix has burst. I have no choice but to operate now with our limited power. I need you all to be strong for me. [Stan raises his brows.] Nurse Goodly will take care of the anesthesia. Chef, you act as her arms. [He withdraws.] Boys, you have to help with suction and bandages. Ready?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,No.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Okay. First, I'll make an incision on the chest, over the heart."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,[Queasily.] Oh boy.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The doctor slices the flesh vertically over the X he has marked over the heart. It splits open and Stan removes his mask.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Bleech!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The vomit goes right into the open incision.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Duhuhude! You barfed into the incision!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Sweet.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Suction!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kenny places the suction cup over the incision. The power begins to flicker, and he removes the cup."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Hey, who's screwing with the lights?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who is screwing with the lights? Is it Barbrady? Or Jimbo? Or the 1991 Denver Broncos?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[To Kenny.] That is really starting to piss me off.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"America's Most Wanted studio, nighttime. Barbrady stands holding the straws."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Alright. So far, everybody has a long piece of straw. We'll keep drawing. [Draws.] Whew."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,[Draws] Whew.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Sees that his straw is short and throws it away, behind himself."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,Wooo!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,Wait a minute! Where the hell is the short one?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,The short what?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Dammit, Barbrady! When you draw straws, you're supposed to have one of them short! That's how you decide who loses!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady,That's not how I played it!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Uuugh, could we hurry this up? My stomach is growling."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Back at the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"I found a map that shows the location of a backup generator. Apparently, they built a large self-sustaining generator- for just this kind of emergency. But it's out and away from the hospital."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,So how do we get to it?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"We must split up into two teams: Team A, and Team B. Team A will consist of myself, Stan, Kyle, Eric, Chef, and Nurse Goodly. Team B will consist of Kenny."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Kenny is stunned. The doctor pats his head.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Now, listen closely, Team B. Your goal will be to turn on the backup generator. To do this you must brave the storm outside and get into this sewage duct."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor points it out to him on the map.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Meanwhile, Team A will go to the holding area, here [Points to it.] where there is a television, and some cocoa. We will drink the cocoa and watch family programming until Team B makes it through the sewage duct. By that time, Team B- remember, that's you, Kenny- should reach the outer core of the generator. It will be a cold and dangerous climb to the top, and there could be velociraptors- here."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He points to an area between the holding area and the generator.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Once you reach the top, you should be able to get a clear view from this windows of us drinking cocoa and watching television. Then, you could proceed down into the generator, and power it on. Are there any questions?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Nnoh, that sounds pretty sweet to me."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Great, then, let's do it. Go, Team!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Huh?)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The studio.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,I... can't... go on... eh. So... hungry...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,We're all going to die in this horrible place. [She covers her eyes.]
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,We have to have the energy to make it through the night. We have to eat.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,How can we? How could we live with ourselves?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,There's only one answer: eat Eric Roberts. [He's shown squatting on the floor.]
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"[Thoughtfully.] Yes, of course. Nobody gives a shit about Eric Roberts."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,[Madly] Eat Eric Roberts!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The rest of the group goes mad, Ned gets up and everyone prepares to do him in."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Eric Roberts,"No! No, please!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Later. Eric's arms, legs, and head have been removed, and bees hover around the corpse."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, there's no going back now. [Ned and Jimbo keep eating.] We're cannibals. [Someone burps.] God save us."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"God wants you to live, Mayor. Fight!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Assistant,"[Coolly.] Well I have to admit, Eric Roberts was much juicier than I expected."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,[Miffed.] Aaww.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"This snow just isn't letting up. We're gonna die here, I know it."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"What time is it, Barbrady?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady,It's almost midnight.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Oh! I can't... go on. [Drops to his side.]
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"We'll give the storm another hour. After that, we might have to eat again."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"What? Christ, are you people diabetic or something?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The hospital. Kenny has made it through the tunnel and exits the manhole. He's pretty soiled. He turns on his communicator.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Team B? Come in, Team B."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(This is Team B.)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Listen, Team B. We've found another path to the generator. There's actually a nice heated walkway to it, so you don't need to walk through all that sewage."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Are you fuckin' telling me that I could've fuckin' gone that way?!)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Oh... Well, forget I said that, then. Listen, Team B, you should be seeing a large drift of snow with some metal sticking out of it just to your left."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Yup! I see it in the drift.)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Good. Head towards it. Team A out.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"What if Mephesto never wakes up, and I never find out who my father is?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Kenny heads toward the generator and a dinosaur casts its shadow on both of them.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The studio. Ned, Jimbo and the Mayor are eating again. The camera shows that Greenfield and the assistant have joined Eric Roberts as casualties to cannibalism. Barbrady is seen working on a leg and some ribs."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"My God, what a harrowing tale of human drama this is. All of us doing what we must to survive."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"It is amazing what people can do under stress. Just look at the pyramids. Nobody knows how they built those, or who."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who built the pyramids? Was it the Babylonians? Officer Barbrady? Samaritans?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The generator. Kenny has opened the door and is ready for new orders.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(Okay, I've reached the generator)"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Roger, Team B. [To Team A.] He's reached the backup generator. [To Kenny.] Team B, can you see the two copper nodes?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Roger.)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Good. Now, is there a wire connecting them?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Negative.)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Damn! The wire connecting the nodes is gone! We need to complete the circuit between them, or we're screwed."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,D'you have any wire here?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,There's no time! Once these lights flicker out all the patients on life-support are going to die!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(I'll stick 'em together)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"No, Kenny, you can't. There must be some other way! He's going to make the connection himself, with his hands."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"No, he'll die!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Go, Kenny!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Kenny! Nnnoooooo!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Goodbbyyyyee-ugh!)
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,You bastard!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The lights stabilize.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,The power!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Quickly! Get the scanner running again!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The scanner is brought in.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,We've got a chance now!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The White House. Liane has bedded her way up to the President, and she's in bed with him now."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,President Bill Clinton,"Well, okay, Mrs. Cartman, I'll legalize 40th trimester abortions for you."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"[Relieved and joyful.] Oh, thank you, thank you."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Clinton,We'll have the pregnancy terminated immediately. [Her eyes widen.]
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,[Pulls back.] Terminated?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Clinton,"Why yes, that's what an abortion is."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,Oh no uh- I didn't mean that. I meant the other thing you can do-what's that other A word?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Clinton,Adoption?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Yess, that's what I mean. Adoption."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Clinton,"Well, that's- pretty different."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Oh, I should tell my son the truth about everything myself. Good day, Mr. President."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,She quickly leaves the bed. Now to a Colorado sunrise.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Well, we made it. The power is on, the snow is melting, and your friend Mephesto is doing fine."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,[Coming to.] Where... where am I?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"You're at the hospital, Mr. Mephesto. You were shot. Now, we don't know who tried to shoot you, but--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,Ohh. I'm sure it was my brother again. He tries to shoot me every month.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Ooohhh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Where's the little fat boy? He'll be delighted that Mephesto's awake.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,He went off looking for Mr. Kenny.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Outside, Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are at the generator. I guess the raptors have left."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"He was a good friend, and I'll miss him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,He was very brave. He risked his life so that Mephesto could live.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Yeah. And now he's a freezy-pop.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kenny is shown iced over, and the boys simply stare."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"[To Kyle.] Dude! D'you think if we hit him with a shovel, he'd shatter?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I don't know. Let's find out.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"""Ave Maria"" begins to play. Jimbo is the first to shovel his way out of the studio. Mr. Garrison follows, then Ned, then the Mayor, then..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Ohh. It's over! We're free!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Yes, but at what cost, Mr. Garrison? At what cost?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Listen, everybody. We did what we had to in there."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,But- hhhow will we live with ourselves now?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Ned,"Mm-one day at a time, Mayor. Mm-one day at a time."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Singer,"[A la Aaron Neville] Ave Maria... [The camera pulls back, and back...]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I'm bringing home some Eric Roberts in a doggie bag. Does anybody else want some?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The hospital. Mephesto is recuperating, and Kevin is back at his side. All the possible fathers are present, including the Denver Broncos."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"I'm glad that you could all come. I can finally reveal who the father of Eric Cartman is. But first, I want to thank Kenny McCormick for sacrificing his life--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Just tell us already!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Alright alright. The father of Eric Cartman is... Say, did anybody see that Terrance and Phillip special last month? Wasn't that just the funniest thing--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Boiling.] Dammit! Tell me who my father is already!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Oh. As I said before, the father is somebody in this room. The father is... Mrs. Cartman. [All gasp.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,What???
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"[Back with her cookies.] Yes, it's true."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Noo, that doesn't make sense!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Yes. It took quite a while for me to understand as well. You see, Mrs. Cartman is a hermaphrodite. [She looks guilty.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Uh-meaning what?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,Meaning that she has both male and female genitals.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,It's true.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"You mean, at the Drunken Barn Dance, when we all got together with her, she was a he?!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"No no, not exactly. But she did have a penis."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Ned, Barbrady, and Chef vomit. The rest just cup their mouths. Gerald is shocked."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"The fact of the matter is, hermaphrodites cannot bear children, so Mrs. Cartman's DNA match with Eric can only mean that she is his father, and she got another woman pregnant at the Drunken Barn Dance."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Ugh. Man, this is fuckin' weak."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Dude! You're a big fatass, and your mom's a hermapholite!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"I'm sorry I never told you, Eric."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Eric and Stan look up at her.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"I just thought, maybe it would be a little shocking to you."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Oh, wow, gee whiz, you think so, Mom?!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Well, that's that. Thank you all for playing."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No no, wait a minute! If... if she's my dad, then... who's my mom?!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who is Eric Cartman's mother? Is it Mrs. Crabtree? Sheila Broflovski? The Mayor?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Ooohhh, forget it!"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's classroom."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's take our seats. This morning we're going to have a special lecture by your school counselor, Mr. Mackey."
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Mr. Mackey passes in front of Garrison and gets ready to speak.
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,[Imitating the counselor] Booooo!
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Nuh-now, who was that?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,No one speaks.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"That is not appropriate behavior, m'kay?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,"[Mimicking] I'm sorry, Mr. Mackey, m'kay?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Uh... That's okay, just don't let it happen again."
Ike's Wee Wee,Kyle,"[Following Stan's lead.] We won't let it happen again, Mr. Mackey, m'kay?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,The others laugh.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, okay, okay, that's fine."
Ike's Wee Wee,Cartman,M'kay?
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay. [More laughs.] Now, uh, as your counselor, I'm here to tell you about drugs and alcohol and why they're bad, m'kay? Uh, so, first of all, uh, smokin's bad."
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"Writes ""smoking"" on the board."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"You shouldn't smoke. And-uh, alcohol is bad."
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"Writes ""alcohol"" on the board."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"You shouldn't drink alcohol. And-uh, as for drugs, well, drugs are bad. You shouldn't do drugs. M'kay, that about wraps up my introduction, now uh, are there any questions?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Stan's hand is up.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Yes, Stan?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,Why do dogs have cold noses?
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"Stan points to the center of his face, where his nose should be."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Uhhh, well, I'm not sure."
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,Oh.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Now-uh, let's focus our discussion first on marijawana."
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"Writes ""marijuana"" on the board."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Marijawana's bad, and it also has a very distinct smell, okay? I'm gonna pass around just a little tiny bit. Now, I want you all to take a smell,"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Pip takes the Petri dish with the marijuana leaf in it and just looks at it. The others look at him.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"...so you know when someone is smoking marijawana near you. M'kay, just take a smell, pass it on,"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"Pip sniffs at it, then passes it back to Bill."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"...and when it gets back up to me,"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Bill sniffs at it.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"...we'll finish talking about it. In the meantime, I want to get into alcohol a little, okay? Uh, alcohol is bad. Uh, if you drink alcohol you..."
Ike's Wee Wee,Kyle,"Hey, are you guys gonna come to Ike's party this weekend?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,"Your little brother's having a party? Why, is it his birthday?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Kyle,"No, it's his bris."
Ike's Wee Wee,Cartman,"What the hell is a ""bris""?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Kyle,"I don't know. But there's gonna be lots of food, and a band."
Ike's Wee Wee,Cartman,"Oh, kick ass! I wanna have a bris!"
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"...and so uh, that's why alcohol is bad. Uh, ha-has that marijawana made it back up here yet?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,No answer from the class.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,No? O-okay. Let's talk about LSD.
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey writes ""LSD"" on the board."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, children, LSD i-is bad. It's a drug made famous by John Lennon and Paul McCartney..."
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,"Hey, are we supposed to get your little brother presents for a bris?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Kyle,Uhhh... I'm not sure.
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,"Well, dude, you better find out!"
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Boys, are you paying attention?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Stan,"Sorry, Mr. Mackey, m'kay?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Okay. Now, children, has that marijawana made it around yet?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,No response.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Uhh, who-who has the marijawana now?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Stan blinks.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"Ummm okay, whoe-whoever has the marijawana, just pass it up to the front row, m'kay?"
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Not a thing.
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,Woh-oh.
Ike's Wee Wee,Scene Description,Principal Victoria's office.
Ike's Wee Wee,Principal Victoria,"I am very disappointed in you, young man. You should be ashamed of yourself. What could have possessed you to be so stupid? [Thumps the desk.]"
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"I'm sorry, Prinshipal Victoria."
Ike's Wee Wee,Principal Victoria,"We-hell, ""sorry"" isn't going to cut the cheese this time, mister! I'm afraid I'm going to have to suspend you from school."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,You mean I'm fired?
Ike's Wee Wee,Principal Victoria,"Well, I guess that's the grown-up way to put it, yes."
Ike's Wee Wee,Mr. Mackey,"But-but it was an honest error of judgment, m'kay? I-I really thought it was important for the kids to know the smell of marijawana--"
