Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Oh, it's Japan that decides? [Stan walks into the study.] How the hell do they actually make people geh-? [notices Stan] Aaaa-a-ah, Japan. Of course, is who does the yaoi to make people gay."
Tweek x Craig,Xi Jinping,"They are dogs! [pounds his desk with his left fist] who refused, and not apologized, to the Chinese republic!"
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Uh huh, yes, that of course I do already know about homosexuality."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Cartman is browsing the Web on his phone. The doorbell rings and Liane goes to the front door to answer it"
Tweek x Craig,Delivery man,"Hi, flower delivery for Eric Cartman? [Cartman hears this and looks over]"
Tweek x Craig,Liane,"Oh my, how beautiful. [signs for the flowers and takes them to Cartman] Oh, look, sweetie, someone sent you flowers."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"[sets his phone down, takes the bouquet, and reads the attached note.] ""Can't we just try? Tee Hee."" Oh man."
Tweek x Craig,Liane,"Who are they from, hon?"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,Someone who needs a real talking to.
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,At the buffet restaurant. Cartman and Cupid Me are in a booth
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Look, it's flattering, okay? But it doesn't change the fact that there's nothing here for you to keep pursuing."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Teeheehee. Aw, come on, let's be like Tweek and Craig. Everyone thinks they're kewl."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,You are wasting your time. I'm not attracted to guys.
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,But I'm so attracted to you.
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"I realize that, but I'm sorry. I need you to stop bothering me. [the smile leaves Cupid Me's face. Cartman's voice gets quieter] This... is done. I'm just not a homosexual. [dejected, Cupid Me goes limp in mid-air.]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The Tweek house, day. The doorbell rings and Richard goes to answer it. Craig is just outside."
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"Well, hello Craig. Honey, it's Craig."
Tweek x Craig,Mom,"Awww, hi Craig."
Tweek x Craig,Craig,Is Tweek home?
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"He sure is. Come on in. [holds the door open for Craig. From his house, Randy gives Richard a thumbs up. Richard returns the gesture and closes the door, then joins Mrs. Tweek and Craig in the middle of the living room] Would you like to have some coffee, Craig?"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"No, thank you, I just want to see Tweek."
Tweek x Craig,Mom,Awww.
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"Tweek's just up in his room playing. You can go on up. [Craig starts going upstairs] Oh, uh, but keep the door open, alright? [Craig gets mad at the insinuation. Richard says to his wife] They're so gay."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Tweek's room, moments later. Tweek is trying to put some Lego's together, but it's frustrating for him. He drinks more coffee. Craig enters the room."
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Hey dude. [this makes Tweek spit out his coffee, and he gets off his chair]"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"No, no! What are you doing here? [keeps his distance]"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Tweek, calm down. We have to put a stop to this."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,There's no stopping it! The whole world wants me to be something I'm not!
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Me too, dude! But there's something we can do."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,What??
Tweek x Craig,Craig,We have to come out and say we're gay.
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,What?! Are you insane?! The way everyone-!
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Wait. Wait! Because if we're gay, we can break up. And if we break up, no more pictures! We just have to stage a fake breakup in front of the Asian girls."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Like acting? No man, that is way too much pressure! I'll fail-"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"You can do it, Tweek! You're capable of more than you think."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Agh. I'm a terrible actor.
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"You just follow my lead, and try and make it believable, okay?"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Oh gah-okay. Oh God!
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, day. Thomas Tucker is at the bar with Skeeter and Darryl Weathers."
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,"What did I do wrong, huh? Everyone's so damned happy, but... but why did this have to happen to my son?! What did I do to make my son like this?"
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Hey, hey, whoa, you didn't do anything."
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,"Oh, what? You know about this?"
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Yeah, let me handle thisk guys, I'm PC. Look, Thomas, you need to understand that being gay isn't a decision. You know, a lot of people think that Asians decide who's gay and who's not. But it isn't all Asians, it's just specifically the Japanese, okay?"
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,What?
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"[turns around] Why do the Japanese make some people gay and others not? [turns around again] Well, it all goes back to World War II, and atrocities that happened in China called the Rape of Don King."
Tweek x Craig,Skeeter,"Hey, you sure know a lot about this."
Tweek x Craig,Randy,Yes I do.
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The school hallway, at that moment. The same seven boys are gathered there again"
Tweek x Craig,Kyle,"No, dude, I looked it up. Yaoi is just an art style for girls by girls because they like fictionalizing two guys in a relationship."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,But why?
Tweek x Craig,Kyle,"I don't know. But the point is, there's nothing about it that means Tweek and Craig are actually gay, at all."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The school lobby, later. The Asian girls are back on the steps, and three of them are smiling. Tweek walks past them and stops when he hears someone calling him"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Hey, Tweek! Hold up. Listen, it's just not going to work. [the smiles vanish]"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"What? Why not? [Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Davíd, and Butters arrive]"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"I'm sorry, Tweek, but we can't lie to ourselves anymore. [turns to face the gathering crowd of kids] Yes, we are gay, but we do not belong together."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"We don't belong together? What suddenly changed, Craig?"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,It's just that people are different. That's all.
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Uh huh. And who the hell is Michael?! Huh?! You wanna tell me that?! [jaws begin to drop]
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"What? What are you, what are you talking about?"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"I went through your phone when we went out last night, Craig! I saw your texts to Michael about hooking up with him!"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Wait, uh, that's, that's not what happened."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Oh, it's not?"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"No. [tries to get Tweek back on track] Uh, look, we both know this is for the better."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Oh, don't use that lame shit on me, man! You don't wanna feel bad, so you try and tell me what I want?"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Wait, don't make me out to be the bad guy here."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"[tears up, voice cracks] Noho, you're not the bad guy! You're never the bad guy, are you?! You, you just step on people and you use them!"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"[tries again] You're going too far, dude. This is like, totally not necessary."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Agh-I'm going too far?! What is wrong with you?
Tweek x Craig,Craig,This wasn't part of the plan!
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Well, guess what, Craig! Love doesn't follow a plan!"
Tweek x Craig,Butters,Yeah!
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"[tears fill his eyes] I was totally wrong about you. I opened myself up and let you in. But you've got spikes, man. You've got spikes. [walks away. Before he goes off screen, he breaks out in a big grin.]"
Tweek x Craig,Wendy,"[steps forward to Tweek's spot] Tweek. [glares at Craig, then follows Tweek concerned. Craig looks at the other kids, who glare at him and walk away. The Asian girls even leave their drawing tools behind]"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Dude, seriously? Seriously?"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"""Say Something"" begins to play. A rainy-day montage begins. First, the Tucker house. Laura is on the phone."
Tweek x Craig,Laura,"They... they broke up? [Thomas turns around and smiles at the news. He notices Craig walking up to the front door, head down, and lets him in. He notices Craig's mood and his smile disappears.]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The montage continues. The mural on the side of the school begins to smear. An Asian girl cries as she draws something new - Tweek and Craig with their backs to each other, with some distance between them. Tweek walks through the hallway grinning at first, but his smile vanishes when he notices how sad the other kids look. The outdoor art fair is still open on a rainy day. Most of the art now has an angry Craig and a dejected Tweek on it. One piece has Craig talking to a new boy while Tweek looks in from outside, and another has Craig pushing pins into a Tweek plush as if it were a voodoo doll. Next, Cupid Me looks in from outside as Cartman is asleep in bed. Cupid Me flits away. Gerald and Sheila replace a happy Craig x Tweek painting with a breakup one. Stan is shown sad on his bed, while Sharon is shown sad in the kitchen. Randy appears at the doorway and opens his mouth to say something, but decides against it and walks away. Mayor McDaniels is at her husband's grave. Richard Tweek is crying at the dining room table and his wife tries to console him. Tweek picks in from the kitchen"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Ruffians Gay Bar, day. Some men are playing pool, two others chat next to the jukebox. Cartman walks in, scans the room, and walks up to the bar"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"What are you doing? This place isn't you. [Cupid Me is shown, with a mug of beer an empty scotch glass, and an ashtray full of cigarette butts.]"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,I'm just here to pick up on guys. Why? are you jealous?
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,No I'm not. I'm here because we need you right now.
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Oh, now you need me, huh? Fuck you, dude."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,Fuck you.
Tweek x Craig,Man 1,What is that kid doing here?
Tweek x Craig,Man 2,He's just kind of talking to himself.
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"The whole town is sad. Cupid Me, you have to help."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Well, I guess I could try now, in return for just... one date?"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,[hushed shouting] I'm not homosexual!
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,Then I guess I'm not interested.
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Ugh. Alright, one date. But only if you help get Tweek and Craig back together."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,Teeheehee! Teeheeheeheehee!
Tweek x Craig,Bartender,"Hey, kid, what do you think you're doing here?"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Oh, hey, whoa, whoa-whoa-whoa. I'm not here for me, I'm here for my friend, okay? [the bartender doesn't see any friend with him]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The Tucker house, day. The doorbell rings and Thomas arrives to answer it. Tweek is just outside"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Hi, is Craig here, sir?"
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,Why can't you quit him? [begins to close the door-]
Tweek x Craig,Laura,Thomas!
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,[lets Tweek in] Five minutes. He's in the back. [Tweek goes on in and goes out the sliding door in back. Craig is working on his bicycle.]
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Hey, dude."
Tweek x Craig,Craig,What do you want?
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,I thought when we broke up everything would get better. I was thinking maybe we should say we're back together.
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Dude, I'm not gay and neither are you!"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,What does that have to do with anything?
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"You think you can just pull that shit you pulled at school, saying I step on people and use them?! And I'll just take you back?"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,You said to make it seem real.
Tweek x Craig,Craig,Not that real! Now everyone thinks I'm a manipulative cheater! I'll never get any chicks!
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"I'm so sorry, Craig. You, you made me believe in myself in a way I never have before. I didn't think I had any of that in me, but... you were right. I can do more than I think. You... changed something in me and I just... I wanna fix whatever's hurting you now. [Thomas, who's been looking out the window, begins to cry]"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,I can't be something because everyone wants me to be. I have to be myself. You'll just have to go be gay with someone else.
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Alright Craig. Alright. [turns left and walks away]
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,The Tucker House
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,"I can see how much they're both hurting, but... Can't you understand that in my time we just didn't accept this? [rests his head on his left hand] Maybe it's not so wrong, I, I just don't want it to be my son. [Cupid Me flits in and giggles]"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,You just need a little prick of magic. [shoots an arrow into Thomas' head] And I'll pee in your mouth a little bit. [follows through]
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,"Then again, he's my son no matter what. I can't just shut down on him."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Teeheeheehee, teeheeheehee. [flits away. Moments later, Thomas shows up at Craig's bedroom door. Craig is on his bed, sad]"
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,"[enters] Son, you need to listen to me. [sits down on the bed] You can't fight being gay. I used to think that being gay was a choice, but, you don't get to decide. Japan picks who they pick, and that's that. I don't understand this stuff. Heck, I didn't even know Don King got raped, but... I do know that if you try and resist it, you make yourself miserable your whole life. Everyone was so proud of you, Ah I was just being selfish. I wanna be proud of you too. I like gay Craig. I love you. Here's a hundred dollars. [puts the bill in Craig's hand and walks out the door]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Shi Tpa Town. Soft piano music plays in the background. Tweek walks with his head down near City Wok. Eventually he and Craig cross paths. They both stop and look at each other. Craig then turns towards the same direction that Tweek is facing and extends his left hand out. After some hesitation, Tweek takes his hand and they walk in the same direction. They eventually walk past Whole Foods where Randy and Mr. and Mrs. Testaburger notice them and cheer them on."
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,Maybe we should go away. Put cares aside for just a day.
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"At the crosswalk in front of Dee's Meats, Tweek and Craig continue holding hands as they enter the crosswalk. Token is shocked while his parents as well as The Stotches look on with a smile and approval"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Brofloski residence. Gerald and Sheila meet in front of a painting of Tweek and Craig, and hold hands"
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,The world we face is a-not so big. Not if we are strong like Tweek and Craig.
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, kitchen. Sharon is washing dishes. Randy comes up behind her and gives her a bouquet of flowers. In the background, the sound of drums now accompany the piano."
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,"Hontou ni sakana ga oishii [""The fish is really delicious""]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,Footage of Assassin's Creed Syndicate is shown on a television set. Craig is playing the video game while Tweek is next to him on the couch and talking.
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,Let's go back to when it was new. Weren't we such happy peopleru?
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Outside the house, several adults look through a window and smile at Craig and Tweek as they continue to play and talk"
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,"Life was simple, problems vague."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"City Hall. The Mayor is at her desk. She looks at a picture frame of her deceased husband, then holds it against her chest."
Tweek x Craig,Japanese Singer,"We had it all, a lot like Tweek and Craig."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Heads turn as Craig and Tweek walk through the hallways hand in hand. Stan, Kyle and Butters are visibly shocked, while Leslie Meyers smiles at the couple."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Akihabara, Japan, evening. A view of the evening sky and neon lit buildings is shown. Inside a karaoke bar, the Japanese singer is revealed to be a businessman, who is singing on a stage in front of other office workers. Behind him are monitors showing live action footage of Tweek and Craig, with Craig offering Tweek some flowers. The lyrics are shown below at the bottom of the screen"
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,And in the darkness we all seek A perfect love like Craig and Tweek.
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Live action footage of Tweek and Craig is shown on screen. They are walking around, hand in hand, in a field. They pull each other in and eventually hug. Then, they sit on a tree branch, with Tweek resting his head on Craig's shoulder. The lyrics are shown at the bottom of the screen in karaoke style"
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,We must fight or love's a goner. We must hold Tweek and Craig with the...[music stops]
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,Tucker residence. An overhead shot of Thomas and Laura asleep on their bed. He is suddenly awoken by the sound of the Japanese singer yelling in Japanese and looks around the room
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,"...highest honor! Ganbarou! [""Let's give it our all!""] Irasshai! [""Welcome!""]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"China. Xi Jinping is sitting at his desk and smiling at his female secretary. Suddenly, he gets up and they passionately kiss. The piano music resumes."
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,I hope you know when you are down
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Stotch residence, Butter's bedroom. Butters is at his computer, Skyping with Charlotte"
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,That you turned my life around. Just like the quote from Shakespeare said
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, Eric's room. The camera slowly pans down to a naked Eric laying down on his stomach atop of his bed."
Tweek x Craig,Japanese singer,"I'm your Tweek, [slowing] and you're my Craig."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"[in bed, moaning in a rhythmic fashion] Okay, okay, the date's almost over."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,[pops up behind Cartman] Teeheehee. Aren't you liking your massage?
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,It's fine. It just doesn't really do anything for me.
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Well, I've got something you might like a little better. [goes back behind Cartman... and under...]"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Cu- Cupid Me, no! No, I'm straight!"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,Teeheeheehee!
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Cupid Me, what are you doing?! Oh my God! [next, he's in the bathroom. Liane walks past, but stops to listen in] Oh Cupid Me, that's enough! Okay, that's it, Cupid Me! That's it! [Liane opens the door and sees Cartman masturbating furiously on the toilet] That's it, Cupid Me. Okay, that's it. That's it, Cupid Me. [Liane closes the door]"
Tweek x Craig,Liane,Awww.
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Two police officers are patrolling the town in their vehicle"
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,Attention all units in the vicinity of South Park Elementary! [the officers pay attention] We have a code red! [units begin showing up] Principal calling for help during school assembly! All officers needed at once!
Naughty Ninjas,Officer Barbrady,"[in his patrol car eating a sub sandwich and drinking soda] The school? [puts down his food and starts the motor] Oh Jeez Louise! [turns his siren on and drives off. More units arrive at the school, even heavily-armed SWAT officers. They all arm themselves. Barbrady runs into one of the other cars]"
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"[to the assembled officers] We need to get to the gym! Half go this way, half go around the side! Barbrady, you go around back! [the officers disperse. Barbrady goes into the school and finds empty hallways. He stops for a moment and one can hear him pant. He barges into the Fourth Grade classroom and finds it deserted. He goes through the school lobby and finds no one.]"
Naughty Ninjas,Officer 1,"On 3 1... 2... [Instead of getting to 3, the officers enter the gym with their weapons drawn. More cops enter from the other end.]"
Naughty Ninjas,PC Principal,"There she is, officers, right there. I told you to stop chatting with your friend, didn't I, Leslie? You [Leslie looks at him, bewildered] see, officers, apparently Leslie thinks that talking to her friends is more important than learning about diversity in third-world countries. [pulls out a laser pen light and lights Leslie up with it.] That one. That's her right there. You remove her from my school."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,[barges into the gym] Whoa! Nobody move! What's happening?
Naughty Ninjas,PC Principal,Get her out of here! [the light from his pointer falls upon Barbrady]
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"Oh, they've got me! [reflexively fires a shot, which hits a boy on the right shoulder]"
Naughty Ninjas,Boy,AAAAAH!
Naughty Ninjas,PC Principal,Waaaah!
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, later. The Mayor, her aides, and two other people"
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,"This town is outraged, Officer Barbrady! People are tired of the police not being held accountable for their actions!"
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"Mayor, I didn't know if there was a gunman, or a bomb-"
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,You shot an unarmed six year old Latino child!
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,I'm sorry.
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,You're fired.
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"No, Mayor, please. This is all I know. I used to be the only policeman in this town, remember? Bob, ah I used to chase away the sixth graders for you."
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,"You're from another time, Barbrady. And the last thing that needs to go. Your gun and your badge. [Barbrady takes them and lays them on the table] And your sunglasses."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"[emotional] No, please, not my sunglasses."
Naughty Ninjas,Johnson,"You're done, Barbrady! The town doesn't want you here! [reluctantly, Brabrady takes off his sunglasses and lays them on the table.]"
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,Where should I go?
Naughty Ninjas,Johnson,You should have thought of that before you shot a Mexican!
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,Latino-American.
Naughty Ninjas,Johnson,Latino-American. [blinks hard] Shit.
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,You should go away. You don't belong anywhere in a town as progressive as this one.
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"SoDoSoPa, at Kenny's house. The mall and construction sites are still there, but the homeless have moved in. Kenny opens the door to take the trash out."
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 1,"[sleeping upstairs at the abandoned Steed] Aaay, quiet down over there, I'm tryin' to sleep."
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,[steps outside] Goddammit! You people all get out of here!
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 2,"[sleeping upstairs at ""Bi the garage""] What makes you in charge? [Karen appears at the living room window]"
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,'Cause this is my fuckin' house!
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 3,"[kicks a trashcan and walks over to him] Hey beat it, man, or I'll make you my bitch! [Karen screams. Stuart gets Kenny back inside and Karen leaves the window.]"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,The McCormick living room. Stuart places a call as his family stands to one side watching him.
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,"Yeah, we've got a bunch of drunk-addict vagrants trespassing on our yard and we need assistance."
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"[in his office] Oh, is that so? Well, we'd like to come help you, but we don't wanna get fired."
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,What are you talkin' about? There's homeless people here and they're scarin' my kids! You need to come do somethin' about this!
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,I see. And are any of these homeless people of a minority persuasion?
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,Why does that matter?
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"Oh, it matters. See, it used be we could beat up minorities and nobody cared. It's the reason a lot of us joined the force. [lowers the phone a bit] Hey Mitch, you wanna go down and arrest some homeless people but not be able to beat up any minorities?"
Naughty Ninjas,Mitch,No thank you.
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"Yeah, no, I think we're good. In fact, we're thinking of maybe turning the whole department into a hula school. Whattaya think?"
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,God Dammit! [slams the phone down onto the base unit]
Naughty Ninjas,Carol,What are they doing?
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,They're not coming!
Naughty Ninjas,Carol,"But they have to! Karen brought in one of their syringes, for Christ's sake!"
Naughty Ninjas,Stuart,"Well that's just too bad! The cops won't come, so there's nobody to scare the homeless away!"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,turns around and walks away. Kenny lowers his head and looks down and to the right
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady's apartment. He walks in and sets his sack lunch over the TV, then takes off his jacket and puts it on the coat rack"
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"Hi, sweetheart. I've uh... I've been let go from the force. I'm so sorry.[an old dog raises its head and lets out a small groan. He walks over to it] Don't worry, old girl. [kneels down next to the dog and starts stroking it] It might be a little tough to afford your medication, but I'll find a way. You know me. I like to help. I like to be needed."
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Neighborhood park, day. Stan and Kyle are shooting hoops. Kyle takes a shot and misses. Cartman runs up to them."
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"You guys! Oh my God you guys! You guys, they're gay! [Butters catches up] They're totally gay!"
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,Who?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,Kenny and Token.
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,What?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Kenny and Token, dude. They're so gay. Butters told me."
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,You're lying.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"No dude. In those old abandoned buildings around Kenny's house, Kenny and Token turned it into a big ninja clubhouse. And they dress and play ninjas in it trying to scare people away."
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,How is that gay?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"It's the gayest thing ever dude? Ninjas are fuckin' dumb! Dude, come one! We've gotta go see this!"
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,Over this way! [they all go have a look]
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"SoDoSoPa, later. Two ninjas spring into view and go to two posts around the edge of the roof."
Naughty Ninjas,Token,"We will defend our ninja honor! [spotting something over a crossbow] Intruders! Protect the base! [the four boys come into view] Hey guys, did you come to see our ninja fortress?"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,[in hushed tones] Oh my God they're so gay you guys.
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,You and Kenny built all this?
Naughty Ninjas,Token,"Yeah, with Clyde and David too. [Clyde swings into view while David climbs up a rope.]"
Naughty Ninjas,Clyde,You guys should come and check it out.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Ah, no, we're good, thanks. [in hushed tones] Oh my God this is a sausage party!"
Naughty Ninjas,Clyde,"It's pretty cool, dude. People are scared of us."
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"[sarcastically] Yeah, I'm sure they are. [a big truck stops in its tracks.]"
Naughty Ninjas,Driver,"Hey, excuse me, man, do you know where-? [Arabic music plays and the ninjas began showing off their moves.] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAAAH! Look! AAAAH!"
Naughty Ninjas,Passenger,"Go, go, go! [the truck takes off. The four boys look on in wonder, Cartman walks into the street. The truck reaches the end of the block and hangs a left, and disappears]"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,That's pretty cool.
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, evening. Skeeter serves up some wine"
Naughty Ninjas,Gerald,Well the way I heard it was that the girl in the school wasn't even doing anything. Just talking too loud. And someone ends up getting shot.
Naughty Ninjas,Skeeter,Hey! What you want?
Naughty Ninjas,Barkley,"It's okay, I'm off duty. Just came in for a nice pinot."
Naughty Ninjas,Patron,"Yeah? Well go somewhere else, copper! CtPaTown is for people who care about each other!"
Naughty Ninjas,Skeeter,We don't take kindly to folks who impose their authority on the underprivileged!
Naughty Ninjas,Barkley,"Now look, not all cops are racist trigger-happy assholes."
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Really? I'll bet you don't even know what ""farm to table"" means. [Barkley stands there a moment and then walks out, letting the door slam shut. Bar patrons cheer and holler at their success]"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,[steps forward] Wow. We've only had a Whole Foods for a month and already we don't need cops. So cool. [smiles]
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"SoDoSoPa, day. Token is giving a lesson."
Naughty Ninjas,Token,"It is a great honor to see that you all want to be ninjas. Joining our club is very serious. You must promise to uphold the warrior's code. [Butters and Cartman, Stan and Kyle are now dressed as ninjas]"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Totally dude, ninjas are sweet."
Naughty Ninjas,Token,"Together we must strive to make our fortress super bad-ass and keep all intruders out! To that end, let us proceed to our training."
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"[catches up to a ninja] Dude, can I talk to you for a minute? Listen, I don't think we should let Kyle be a ninja, okay? He said ninjas were gay. He's probably gonna try and turn it around on me, but that's 'cause Kyle knows I heard him."
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,You're talking to Kyle right now.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Yeah, cool... it's me, Butters."
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,You're the one who said ninjas were gay. Why do you wanna make this a problem?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"I'm just, I'm just Butters, man. I have problems with lots of things."
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,"Hey Eric, you wanna try sparring with me?"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Yes I do, Butters. [kicks him in the nuts and walks away]"
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,OOF. Ow. Ahem.
Naughty Ninjas,Clyde,Intruders! [two homeless men approach the fortress with filled grocery bags]
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 4,"Yeah, it's right up here. We can shoot up in these abandoned buildings. [the ninjas, eight in all, appear before them and make a show of force. The men begin to confuse them for ISIS, drop their bags, and run away]"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,A news break
Naughty Ninjas,Anchor,The town of South Park is holding a large protest tonight outside of their police department. The townspeople say the protest is meant to begin a dialog about the relationship between law enforcement and the citizens they are supposed to protect.
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"A montage begins to ""Fuck the Police"" playing in the background. The protest is shown, with everyone giving the middle finger to the cops. Even Fr. Maxi gives them the finger. Yates and his men look down from their second-story windows. Next, Whole Foods is shown. A shopper spots Officer Stevens and throws his cart right at him. Stevens turns around to see what hit him. The shopper feigns shock, then shrugs his shoulders and turns and walks away. Other shoppers laugh at his prank. Next is (vernacular), where a couple sits al fresco. They watch as Stevens sees his police car, now vandalized with ""I'M A DOUCHE"". Next is Officer Barbrady at home with his aged dog. Next, Sgt. Yates reads the South Park times. Its lead headline: NO TO PIGS! YES TO FREE-RANGE PORK. Next, two officers drive down a street when they spot someone. It's Randy in his bathrobe, standing outside, He shows off his cock and balls as the officers roll by slowly. ShiTpaTown is shown. Barbrady drops into a fast-food restaurant to look for work. The staff there quickly kicks him out. Two homeless men approach SoDoSoPa only to flee when they see the ninja kids swarming the place. Barbrady returns to find an eviction notice taped to his door. Randy reaches Whole Foods for some shopping, but finds a homeless man in his way sleeping on the sidewalk. Then he looks at Whole Foods and sees the parking area filled with homeless people"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,Channel 4 News segment.
Naughty Ninjas,Anchor,Are your children being lured into terrorist organizations? A shocking report shows that some kids in the town of South Park are swearing loyalty to a murderous regime.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Yeah, we're pretty bad-ass, and um, this is, like, our fortress, and you can see it's really cool."
Naughty Ninjas,Reporter,And what about this way of life has attracted you?
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,"We're just cool 'cause we're tough, and we fight and stuff, and we can ah-."
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Yeah yeah yeah, and it's like, we can do whatever we want, and people are scared of us, it's totally rad!"
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,Then why'd you say it was gay before?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,Oh my God! I never said it was gay!
Naughty Ninjas,Token,"Wait, he said this was gay?"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"That is a total lie!! Why would I say anything homophobic about the way Tweek and Craig make love?! [points to Stan] He's a lying, backstabbing Jew!"
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,I'm Stan.
Naughty Ninjas,Anchor,No doubt the growing number of kids swearing loyalty to ISIS could be problematic for the progressive town.
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Whole Foods, day. Barbrady takes his place among the homeless, up against an exterior wall."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"[to his dog] Here you go, old girl. We'll just have to make do. [Randy exits the store with some groceries, but fails to notice Barbrady nearby]"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,Ew. [keeps walking]
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 5,Spare a dollar?
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"No I don't I'm sorry thank you Goddammit ew. [the Mayor and her aides survey the situation by Skeeter's Bar. Randy sees her and approaches] Mayor, I didn't bust my ass to gentrify this part of town to have it overrun with homeless people!"
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,Why are they all suddenly coming here?
Naughty Ninjas,Gerald,"[arrives with Sheila] Mayor, what are you going to do about this? My wife and I can barely eat or shop."
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,When a town like ours has a homeless problem it must look at the root of what's causing it.
Naughty Ninjas,Stephen,[arrives with Linda] It's ISIS!
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,What?
Naughty Ninjas,Stephen,"They're these troubled kids who've turned their backs on America! They've taken over SoDoSoPa, forced all the homeless out!"
Naughty Ninjas,Gerald,Why would kids in our town wanna be a part of that?
Naughty Ninjas,Stephen,They're just bad kids! Rotten on the inside! Probably with shitty parents!
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,Jimmy's house. His parents are at the breakfast nook with him.
Naughty Ninjas,Ryan,"Son, I've always tried to be a fair dad. Eh I I don't want to meh make you angry, but... why?"
Naughty Ninjas,Jimmy,"Well Dad, I just re-really like being a part of something. I feel like it's character-building and it's lots of fun."
Naughty Ninjas,Ryan,Fun? But what do you... believe in?
Naughty Ninjas,Jimmy,"What do we believe in? We believe in something greater than ourselves, and that by following our strict warrior code we believe that our faiths and our traditions are a way to a greater path - the p-p-p-path of the warrior. And as long as we stay united in honor we can defeat all our enemies. [this is beginning to freak Ryan out, so he screams and leaves the table as fast as he can.] Wow, the fellas were right. People are really freaked out by ninjas."
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Randy leads the city council to police headquarters on the second floor"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Okay, we've just gotta be really apologetic and tell them we didn't mean it, okay?"
Naughty Ninjas,Gerald,"Jeez, this is so embarrassing."
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,What if they won't help us with the homeless?
Naughty Ninjas,Stephen,I'm pretty sure the police will help out if it's because ISIS is taking over the town. [opens the double doors and leads the council in]
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Park County Holice Headquarters. The officers inside are all dancing slowly, gracefully, The city council is stunned"
Naughty Ninjas,Stephen,"Officers, there's kids in town who have joined ISIS. We don't know who they are, but they-."
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"What? What's that, you say?"
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,"The town is in danger, alright? We don't know what these kids are capable of."
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"Jeez, I'm sorry. We've got to work on our koholo kaloa, and get the lomi lomi chicken ready for the big ho'olao le'ao, which leaves us... oh, not enough time to deal with ISIS."
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Alright, look. There's homeless people all over our gentrified food and arts district. If you don't stop thewe twisted kids, then-"
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"Hey, who was it that said ""fuck the police""? Was that Ice Cube? Tupac? Oh, right, that was you guys! Sorry, but I guess you'll have to find somebody else to do all the difficult dirty shit you don't want to do yourselves. I've gotta be ready for the luau. I might even kiss a dude."
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Back at SoDoSoPa, the ninjas are going through exercises. Cartman and Butters talk"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"So then, after you told me, we went over to Kyle and Stan when they were playing basketball, remember?"
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,Yeah?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"And we said Kenny and Token were playing ninjas, and Kyle said that ninjas were gay, and I said ninjas are gay, but it was a question. You remember?"
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,Uh I thought you said it first.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"No nonono, see? Now Kyle got everyone remembering it wrong because he doesn't wanna get kicked out of the group. That's what Jews do when they get caught in a lie. You cannot trust a Jewish ninja, Butters."
Naughty Ninjas,Token,You guys! You guys!
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,What?
Naughty Ninjas,Token,Actual Ninjas. Wanna talk to us.
Naughty Ninjas,Clyde,What?
Naughty Ninjas,Token,Kenny and I both just got the same email from people overseas.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Whoa, dude."
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,How's they found out who we were?
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"They're fuckin' ninjas, dude!"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"At Bi the garage, a computer is set up for video conferencing. An ISIS leader appears on screen."
Naughty Ninjas,ISIS leader,"So, you are the brave children who have committed to our cause. We are aware of what you are doing and we are very impressed."
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,"Cool. Thanks, dude."
Naughty Ninjas,ISIS leader,What you are doing is very important and we would like to help you however we can. We are going to be wiring you some money.
Naughty Ninjas,Butters,"Whoa, cool! Why, this is the greatest thing ever you guys!"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Ah, excuse me. Can I just set the record straight on something?"
Naughty Ninjas,ISIS leader,Of course.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Should Jews be trusted? [no response. A few seconds later...] Uh I mean, if one of us is a Jew, do you see that as being at all problematic?"
Naughty Ninjas,ISIS leader,Extremely.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"YES! [dances away] YEEES! [""Can't Touch This"" begins to play and Cartman does arm waves.] Oh—oh, oh—oh! Oh—oh, oh—oh! What did I tell you guys?"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Whole Foods, night. A closeup of Barbrady snoozing"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,[his shadow falls upon ex-Officer Barbrady] Hey Barbrady. [tries to wake him up] Officer Barbrady.
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"Uh, who?"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Hey buddy. [flanking him are the Mayor and her aides, and the Stotches]"
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,What do you want?
Naughty Ninjas,Johnson,How would you like to be a policeman again?
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,I'm no good as a policeman. I'm a bumbling old fool.
Naughty Ninjas,Stephen,"That is not true! Who said that? Look, Barbrady, the fact is, the town needs you."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,They need me? To do what?
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,We need you to shoot some kids. [smiles]
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,No! Shoot kids? I don't wanna shoot kids!
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,Shh! Shhh! Shhhh! These are really bad kids. Terrorists. This is totally different from before.
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,No. No. Are any of them minorities?
Naughty Ninjas,Aide,"A couple of them, we think. Yeah."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,Noo no no no no no no no no!
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,"Sh, look, look look, Barbrady, Barbrady! We were wrong about you. I... was wrong about you. You... protected this town back before anybody else ever did. You used to do it all on your own. We need you to do that again. [takes out his sunglasses from her inside coat pocket and hands them to him. He puts them on and his sadness disappears]"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"You're the only cop this town needs, Barbrady. Go shoot those kids."
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"SoDoSoPa, night. The ninjas are still going through exercises, but inside the abandoned Savor The Goodness store. Something is standing next to the punching bags"
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"You guys, I know this is hard for all of us. But to truly be ninjas, we must face hard facts. Last night I spoke in private with our ninja leader overseas. We talked a long time about Jews and the Hebrew faith. He told me a lot I didn't know. And I was able to tell him some things he did not know. But after talking with that guy, it is abundantly clear to me that Jews cannot be ninjas. I went to Kyle's house to talk to him about it, and I found this. [pulls out a drawing of two ninjas, one of them having anal sex with the other one] It was then that Kyle confessed to me about how he had brainwashed Butters and Stan into thinking I had used a homophobic slur to refer to our organization. And he almost got away with it. That's when Kyle tried to kill me. Luckily I was the faster ninja. [reveals the, uh, guilty ninja, who's strapped into a chair and his ninja head covering is duck-taped over his face] Kyle knew I would never call ninjas gay. When I take the gag off, he's going to try and tell you that I'm lying now. Do not believe him. Kyle is a liar."
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,I'm right here. [standing between Token and Stan]
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"[looks at the group, then at the bound ninja] Who, who is this?"
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,That's Clyde.
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"...and I am Token. Why do I do these things, you ask? Black rage."
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Some moments later, Barbrady, now in uniform, makes it to SoDoSoPa and begins looking around. He drops down behind the vandalized station wagon."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"Oh Jesus. ISIS, oh God."
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time. The Marshes are at dinner, except for Stan"
Naughty Ninjas,Marvin,This chicken tastes like shit. What'd you do to it?
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Okay, okay Dad, it's not organic chicken. I'm not comfortable shopping at Whole Foods with all the homeless people there. But don't worry. That's all about to change. Soon we'll all have CtPaTown to enjoy again. Where's Stan?"
Naughty Ninjas,Sharon,He's playing ninjas over at Kenny's house.
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,Ninjas? That's gay. [remembers the ISIS warriors who took over SoDoSoPa] He's playing ninjas at Kenny's house?
Naughty Ninjas,Sharon,Yeah.
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"You mean, SoDoSoPa?"
Naughty Ninjas,Sharon,Uh huh.
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,[begins to think this over] Wait a minute... Ninjas... [Oriental and Arabic music alternate in his head] ...scary... gay... Scary. Gay. Scary gay scary gay.
Naughty Ninjas,Sharon,"Randy, what are you doing?"
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,Scary gay scary gay scary GAY. [runs out of the dining room] Staaaan!! [Shelly looks back at him]
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"SoDoSoPa, night. The other ninjas replace Clyde with Cartman on the chair and tie him up."
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"Oh, I get the misunderstanding now. No, see, I told Clyde that Kyle said ninjas were gay, but Clyde thought I was Kyle, so then he was saying that I said ninjas were gay, meaning I as in Kyle."
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,"Nobody ever gave a shit, you fat pig!"
Naughty Ninjas,Token,All those in favor of Cartman being kicked out of our ninja club?
Naughty Ninjas,Ninjas,Hai!
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"No! You CAN'T kick me out! I have to be a ninja! They hate Jews. I was made for this, you guys! Please!"
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,What shall we do with him? [Barbrady climbs over a wall and quickly reaches the ninjas]
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,[draws his gun] Freeze! [the ninjas turn around]
Naughty Ninjas,Kyle,Oh shit!
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"[trembling in fear] Please, I don't wanna shoot you. [the ninjas back away]"
Naughty Ninjas,Stan,Cool. Don't.
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,Oh ho ho. [groans miserably and waves gun]
Naughty Ninjas,Ninjas,Aaahaah. [Cartman shuts his eyes and faces left]
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"I understand you feeling angry at this town. I'm getting pretty angry too. But we can't give up on it. Please boys, don't make it end violently."
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"[finds the ninjas and Barbrady] They're just stupid ninjas! [tackles Barbrady, who instinctively fires off a shot. David is struck.]"
Naughty Ninjas,David,Aaa!
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,Aaahaahaaawe!
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"City Hall, day. The Mayor, Randy, and the city council face Barbrady"
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,What were you thinking?! Boys innocently playing ninja and you pull your gun on them?
Naughty Ninjas,Aide,David Rodriguez was lucky to live!
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,Everybody told me they were terrorists.
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,"We thought they were. But if it turns out they aren't, as a policeman, you have to figure that out!"
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"But, you said you needed me to kill some kids."
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Oh, he's gonna lay this on us now. I said kill some kids, but I said it as a question, remember? I said ""Kill some kids?"""
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,"I'm sorry, but we just can't cover your ass on this one. There's going to be an investigation and ... you just don't have what it takes to be a policeman in today's times."
Naughty Ninjas,Johnson,"Do you even know what ""farm to table"" means? [Barbrady takes off his glasses and lays them on the table.]"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"Whole Foods, day. The South Park Police Department is back on duty and taking the homeless away from ShiTpaTown"
Naughty Ninjas,Barkley,"Let's go people, you can't stay here. You are being relocated."
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 6,"Hey, you can't kick us out of here, man."
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,Oh no? I'm a cop.
Naughty Ninjas,Randy,"Thank you, officers."
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"We've got a deal, right?"
Naughty Ninjas,Mayor McDaniels,Yes. [she and Randy turn away and XXX*what do they do*XXX]
Naughty Ninjas,Sgt. Yates,"Alright you, come on! [punches the homeless man in the face. Other officers take time to abuse the homeless people a little. One officer kicks a homeless man in the balls twice while another officer holds him, then the two officers take him away. A street sweeper rolls by collecting all the homeless who are still sleeping on the street, and even a few who are walking around]"
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 6,Aaaah!
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 7,[being led away by an officer] Please! You can't take me back to SoDoSoPa! ISIS is there!
Naughty Ninjas,Officer 2,"No, those were just ninjas. [they walk past the boys - Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny]"
Naughty Ninjas,Homeless man 7,"Ninjas? Oh, that's so gay."
Naughty Ninjas,Cartman,"I told you guys. What did I tell you? I said ninjas are fuckin' gay but you didn't wanna listen, nooo!"
Naughty Ninjas,Scene Description,"An interrogation room. Barbrady sits at a table with his dog to his left. A door opens and Barbrady looks up. An agent walks in with a folder, sits down, and sets the folder on the table"
Naughty Ninjas,Agent,Officer Barbrady.
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,Yes?
Naughty Ninjas,Agent,We've been watching you. And what we see is a man who truly wants to protect his town.
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,You do?
Naughty Ninjas,Agent,You've been in this town longer than almost anyone. Have you noticed... changes... lately?
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,"Yeah, a lot of changes."
Naughty Ninjas,Agent,"They aren't a coincidence, officer. They are all part of a plan to take down your beloved town and everyone in it."
Naughty Ninjas,Barbrady,What?
Naughty Ninjas,Agent,What do you know about a little girl named... [takes out a picture and shows it to Barbrady] Leslie? [with PC Principal pushing her on the swing]
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Kids are filing into school. Inside, they go to their lockers and switch out books."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"[off-screen, but you can hear him slamming lockers shut] Who was it?! Somebody's about to get their asses kicked! [a bunch of kids run screen right.] When I find out who did this!"
Sponsored Content,Butters,[runs into view towards the other fourth graders] PC Principal is on the warpath! Run for your lives! [turns right and runs down another hallway]
Sponsored Content,Stan,[to Kyle] Again?
Sponsored Content,Kyle,"Oh Jesus, now what?"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,[appears at screen left and walks towards the fourth graders.] Who was it?! Huh?! Somebody better fess up RIGHT NOW! I'm gonna find out who did this! [Kyle closes his locker and begins to walk away. PC Principal notices] Broflovski! Was it you?
Sponsored Content,Kyle,"Was what me, sir?"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"I just saw a copy of the school newspaper in which a student used the word ""retarded"" to refer to our cafeteria lunch policy! The word ""retarded"" does not belong in our school!! Who is in charge of the school paper?! 'Cause I'm about to break their fuckin' legs!"
Sponsored Content,Stan,"Aaah, he's in charge of the school paper. [points to his right. PC Principal turns left and faces... Jimmy. PC Principal is speechless.] You gonna break his legs, PC Principal?"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"Principal's office, moments later. PC Principal faces Jimmy."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Alright, uhh, I I guess we haven't formally met before. Uhh, the reason I need to talk with you, Jason, is because of a very important-"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"It's Jimmy, actually. My name is Jimmy, PC Principal."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Alright, Jim. Thank you. I want to talk to you today about the use of the R word in your school paper. [holds up the paper, on which the subject on the front page is chocolate milk being removed from the school menu, ""LEAVE OUR CHOCOLATE MILK ALONE""] You see, the 'R' word is very bad."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Says who?
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Says me. Right? Now I know a thing or two about the rights of people with disabilities. When you use the 'R' word to describe the school's lunch policy, it can hurt people's hearts. [places his hand over his heart] Can you understand that at all?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"That was an op-ed piece in the paper written by a first grader who found the school lunch policy to be ridiculous, and he thought ""r-retarded"" to be the best word to describe it. As the editor of the paper, I didn't think it was right to censor the words the student used."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"...Okay, well, from now on I'm gonna need to approve the school paper before you hand it out, okay?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,No.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,What'd you say?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"You're new here, so you don't understand how seriously I take my job as editor of the school paper. I don't allow ads, and I don't allow anything that might t-t-t-taint the truth behind what people are thinking. i don't want people to be afraid of words if it stops them from having a dialog."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Look, I don't wanna get angry, okay?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Why? Are you uncomfortable around people with disabilities? That's okay. Lot's of people are.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"No, I'm not. I am very not uncomfortable. Alright, look, unless I can approve your paper, it is not being distributed on campus, you got that?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,I can't hand out the school paper in school?
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,Not unless it is approved by me. Do you understand?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Yep, got it."
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"Neighborhood, day. Jimmy went for distributing the school paper outside of school instead of letting PC Principal approve it for in-school distribution. He appears riding a small Thomas the Tank Engine scooter with small trailer behind him that holds all the papers and begins throwing copies of the paper to all the houses"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Don't forget to read the school paper! Now delivered directly to your door. [Wendy is the first student to get the paper. Clyde is next] Super School News! [Jimmy smiles and rides away. His seventh delivery is to Butters' house. Stephen opens the door and the paper smacks him in the face. He manages to catch it though. Jimmy goes on to the PC Delta house and tosses a paper there too. A few PC Bros are lounging around outside]
Sponsored Content,PC bro 10,"What is that, bro? [the front door opens and PC Principal walks out.]"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"[picks up the paper, takes off the rubber band, and reads it. The headline there: ""PC PRINCIPAL'S 'RETARDED' POLICY, by Jimmy Valmer]"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"[holds up his right middle finger at him] S-s-s-suck my dick, PC Principal! [rides away. PC Principal's bros look at the principal.]"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"Inside PC Delta, later. PC Principal barely contains his anger as he paces about"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Who does this kid think he is?! Challenging me?! I said one micro-aggression to him, okay?! One little micro-aggression! But that doesn't mean I have an unconscious bias towards people with disabilities!"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 4,"No way, bro! That's wack!"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,But why would a person with a disability not see that what I'm trying to do is actually protect them?
Sponsored Content,PC bro 9,Sometimes victims of oppression are so marginalized that they begin to sympathize with their oppressors.
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,Yeah bro.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,You're right. This kid just needs to be shown he's being an Uncle Abel. I can always count on my PC frat brothers to have my back. Let's go PC!
Sponsored Content,PC bros,PC Woo!
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, night. Butters' parents are in bed. Stephen is reading the school paper, Linda is looking at her smartphone."
Sponsored Content,Stephen,"Wow. [turns the page] Wow, this is so great. Have you ever read the elementary school newspaper, Linda? There's no ads, no sponsored content, no links to click on. Just news stories about what's happening. [looks at her] Did you know that the police in ShiTpaTown beat up homeless to clear them out? [returns to the paper] Do you know long it's been since I was able to just sit back and read the news? I got so used to getting news off the Internet. But I feel like I'm always trying to chase the news somehow. [sets the paper down on his laps] It's like I'm in a black void, trying to reach the news story. [he's shown doing this in a vacuum] But then the next thing I know I'm reading an ad for Geico. So I click out of that and try to read the news story but it's not a news story. It's a slide show. [for Android phones] And I'm looking at the worst celebrity plastic surgery jobs ever. So of course I want to see the next line of plastic surgery gone wrong, so I hit the arrow, but then the arrow wasn't the arrow for the next line, it was to take me to an ad for face cream. Haugh! I wanted to get a news story, but I'm reading about face cream and I try to click out of it, but the ad is following me, and it's following me all over the screen! Nooo! So I click on the close button, but it wasn't a close button, it was another slide show, and I just want to know what's happening in the Middle East, but instead, I'm looking at the top ten scariest movies of all time, and that's not the arrow for the next line, it's another ad! Aaagh! [comes back to reality] But this... this is just news. And I don't get lost in all the bullshit. Linda? [sees that she's mesmerized and shakes her] Linda!"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, next day. Jimmy is again in there talking to PC Principal"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Alright Jim, I know you've been trying to wrap your head around some of the social issues he discussed yesterday. I'm sure you're feeling confused and a little unsure of yourself."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"I'm not confused at all, actually, PC Principal."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Okay, well, no, you are confused-"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"I'm pretty sure that you're the one, but go ahead."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Because you don't grasp the severity of this, and that's why I brought in another young person with disabilities to share his feelings. Thanks for comin' in to talk to us, Nathan."
Sponsored Content,Nathan,[takes a seat next to Jimmy] I like apples and bananas.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Me too, bro, me too. Nathan, could you tell Jimmy how you feel when people uwe the word ""retarded""?"
Sponsored Content,Nathan,It hurts my feelings because I feel bad.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Are you serious right now?
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"You feel bad, right. You feel like that's a no-no word, right?"
Sponsored Content,Nathan,That word makes my heart piss its pants.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Okay, wow, that's pretty heavy. Pretty heavy, huh Jim?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Do you want to ask him what he means by that, or are you just pandering because you're uncomfortable around disabled people?"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"I am not uncomfortable! I simply care about a horrible, outdated word that is exclusive, ignores individuality, and equates intellectual disa-bility with being... [begins to stammer] And it's, and it's, s-spot, I need a spotter, spot me, somebody spot me bro!"
Sponsored Content,Topher,"[steps in and puts PC Principal's train of thought back on track] And it's, it's part of a derogatory hate speech which fosters isolation and loneliness and being part of a voice to stop the R word is not only right, but extremely important!"
Sponsored Content,Nathan,I'm afraid of bears. [Jimmy is decidedly not convinced of PC Principal's sincerity]
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"The hallway, later. Nathan is let go first and is walking back to class. Jimmy comes around the corner and catches up to him"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Hey Nathan, hold up. What were you doing in there?"
Sponsored Content,Nathan,"What do you mean, Jimmy? Are you ma-ad?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Come on Nathan, you and I both know you use the word ""retarded"" 400 times a day."
Sponsored Content,Nathan,"Oh Jimmy. So righteous, aren't you? So blind to everything that's going on."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,What are you talking about?
Sponsored Content,Nathan,"Do you really think all the changes happening to this town are just coincidence? This goes so much deeper than you can possibly imagine, Jim. Everyone's about to learn the truth. And then... There's a war coming. A war, Jim. And I'm just gonna make sure I'm on the right side of it."
Sponsored Content,Mr. Mackey,"Come on, boys, let's get back to class."
Sponsored Content,Nathan,I like to smell trees! [walks off.]
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,Channel 4 News Break.
Sponsored Content,Anchor Tom,An elementary school newspaper is making big waves as more and more people say No to news on the Internet.
Sponsored Content,Rancher,I read super school news 'cause it don't try and fool me and it's news reports aren't paid for by ad companies.
Sponsored Content,Gerald,"We just feel like this is actual news, and instead of clicking on links, we're reading stories."
Sponsored Content,Stephen,"I had to get away from the ads. I felt like the ads were... evolving somehow. They started knowing what I liked. What I was afraid of. I tried ad blockers, but it seemed like every time I tried to block the ads, they just got smarter. I'm never going back from Super School News."
Sponsored Content,Anchor Tom,"The young editor of the paper claims that since most people now watch news reports on the Internet, they're easily distracted or even fooled by ads, [the camera pulls back to show the news report as a video on Randy's smartphone] which are finding more and more clever ways to disguise them-"
Sponsored Content,Randy,"Oooo, brutal celebrity mugshots. [also on the screen, ""SoDoSoPa in disrepair"" Randy taps on the link, which leads to a slide show of celebrity mugshots which contains 40 images. He taps on the right arrow, and it leads to the first weight-loss ad instead of the next mugshot] O-hoh it got me. Ad got me, Sharon."
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,The 2015 Presidential Debate
Sponsored Content,Announcer,We now return live to the 2015 Presidential Debate.
Sponsored Content,Moderator,"Our next question is for you, Mrs. Clinton. Many voters believe that Syrian refugees should not be allowed into our country for security reasons. What do you think?"
Sponsored Content,Hillary,"Keeping our country save has become more and more difficult, but I believe there are several things that we can-"
Sponsored Content,Garrison,"No! You shut the hell up! You've got a dumpy butt, and seven chins. Syrian refugees are all terrorists!"
Sponsored Content,Hillary,I know that our government needs to take a harder look at all-
Sponsored Content,Garrison,"Yeah well, it's pretty hard to look at you! We can all agree on that!"
Sponsored Content,Caitlyn,[interrupts for a bit] She looks like a donkey took a shit in her face. [goes backstage again]
Sponsored Content,Garrison,"Yeh-hah, good one Caitlyn. See, what I know is that there's only one way to deal with Syrian refugees, and that is..."
Sponsored Content,Everyone,Fuck them all to death!
Sponsored Content,Garrison,Thank you!! [after the debate Garrison and Caitlyn head backstage laughing] That was hilarious when you called her a pizza face.
Sponsored Content,Caitlyn,It's like a Papa John's pimple party.
Sponsored Content,Garrison,"Oh, that was classic, Caitlyn. You're the best running mate ever."
Sponsored Content,Principal Victoria,"[the first thing you see is her big hair] Hello, Mr. Garrison."
Sponsored Content,Garrison,Oh My God... Principal Victoria?
Sponsored Content,Principal Victoria,"[now using a came, walks forward] Congratulations on the polls. We need to talk. [Dramatic music ends Act 1.]"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"PC Delta house, night. The place is jumping"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 12,[on the sidewalk just left of the entrance] Celebrate diversity! Woooo!
Sponsored Content,PC bro 13,"[on the balcony, right side] GO PC!"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"PC Delta house, inside. More partying"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"[walks in with a mic] Alright everyone, listen up. [the music shuts off and everyone falls silent] Tonight is a very special night for the PCs. We're honored to be throwing this event for people with disabilities. [several disabled students are present, like Jimmy, Timmy, Francis, Lenora] I for one am sick of how these amazing kids are marginalized in today's society. but tonight is about learning and healing. So let's get to it! PC! [drops the mic. The other bros echo him and cheer]"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 7,"Hey guys, I'm Brad. I'm PC Arizona State."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Nice to meet you, Brad. Where do you guys-?"
Sponsored Content,Brad,"Excuse me a second. [walks over to a pretty brunette and her friend] Hello, ladies. Thanks for coming to our event."
Sponsored Content,Ladies,Hi.
Sponsored Content,Brad,We're just tired with the way people with disabilities get treated. Can I get you some alcohol?
Sponsored Content,PC bro 14,"Yah, you know, it just bugs me when people refer to persons with disabilities as ""handicapped."" When I hear that word I wanna fuckin' punch them in the fuckin' face."
Sponsored Content,Blonde,"That's so cool of you, wow."
Sponsored Content,PC bro 14,"Yeah. [Jimmy walks into view, but no one notices him] To me marginalizing persons with disabilities by asking them what their handicap is, is a micro-aggression no better than asking a person of color if they went to college."
Sponsored Content,Blonde,"Wow, you're really progressive."
Sponsored Content,PC bro 14,"No other way to be. So uh, listen. I think you're really pretty and interesting, and I'd kinda like to take you upstairs and totally crush your pussy. Would that be acceptable to you?"
Sponsored Content,Blonde,"[looks away, giggling] Oh well, I, I guess it would."
Sponsored Content,PC bro 14,"No, I'm sorry, I need affirmative consent. I'll need you to say ""Yes, you may take me upstairs and crush my pussy at this time."" [PC Bros and their lady guests pair up and dance, some of them making out. Brad dances with two women and makes out with the redhead. Jimmy is the only disabled person left in the room]"
Sponsored Content,PC bros,"PC Bros, PC. Yeah!"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,Dawn at PC Delta. OC Principal goes knocking on every door in the house
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"McKinsey, you got consent forms?"
Sponsored Content,McKinsey,"Oh yeah, right here bro. [hands him the forms through the door]"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Rise and shine guys. If you scored last night, I'll need your consent forms. [the other bros hand him their forms through their doors] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you-whoa! Barker, did you perform cunnilingus? There's a different release form, bro."
Sponsored Content,PC bro 15,"Yup. Uh, so-, sorry. It's right here."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,Nice.
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"[voice only, behind him] Bro! Aw, dude, bro!"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"What, bro?"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"Dude, I scored with this female and after consenting to putting her mouth on my penis, she wanted me to walk her home."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,Yeah?
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"And when I got to her house she had me meet her father who is Filipino, so I asked him if he could tell me about their cultural and social dynamic to being a Filipino-American."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,Naturally.
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"So he said some stuff, and then the newspaper landed on his doorstep, 'cause I guess her dad subscribes to the school newspaper, and he picked it up and I saw the headline said this!"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"thrusts the paper in front of PC Principal. The headline reads ""'PC' STANDSD FOR PUSSY CRUSHING"""
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,[grabs the paper and reads it] What the fuck is this bro?
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"Bro, that little kid wrote that our tolerant views and fight for social justice is just a way for us to crush puss!"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,That's not true!!
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"I know, bro!! We're being totally victimized!"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"That little fucker, dude!"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, day. someone knocks on his door, he opens it."
Sponsored Content,Representative,Hello. You're the boy responsible for the South Park Super School News?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,That's right.
Sponsored Content,Representative,"We would like to give you $26 million. [Jimmy seems interested, so he lets him in. They sit down at the coffee table and the rep opens his briefcase, taking out documents] Contracts, and the first check. We'd love to be in business with you."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,What is this for?
Sponsored Content,Representative,I represent an organization called Geico. It's an insurance company. We think Super School News would be a great way for us to reach new customers.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Sorry Charlie, but I don't allow ads in my newspaper."
Sponsored Content,Representative,"We've heard all about that, so we thought you could just do some ...news stories about car insurance. Just state the facts, because the truth is, everyone can save by switching to Geico."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"That's called ""sponsored content."" I know the difference between the news and ads. Do you think I'm stupid?"
Sponsored Content,Representative,"Everyone's doing it, Jim. You're sort of the last holdout. $26 million just to write some news stories that get people thinking about their insurance coverage?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Sth-sth-sth, stick it up your ass!"
Sponsored Content,Representative,"Hm. [puts the documents back in the briefcase...] Well, they said you'd be tough. [...and brings out a gun and arms it] Do you really think you can stop ads?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Yes.
Sponsored Content,Representative,"You can try to block ads, but they get smarter. The more we ty to shut them out, the more clever they get. There's a war coming, kid, and I'm gonna make sure I'm on the right side of it. [a bullet shoots through his head from behind. killing him where he stands. Blood begins oozing out his mouth. He falls to his knees and then onto the floor. Barbrady is in the doorway, his knees weak, but his gun drawn]"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Officer Barbrady?
Sponsored Content,Barbrady,"Come with me if you want to live! [he runs back to is car, but Jimmy is confused. Barbrady returns] Come on! Come with me if you want to live! I'm serious! [runs back to his car]"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Randy is in the kitchen browsing on his phone when Sharon appears in the kitchen doorway with a copy of the school paper in her left hand"
Sponsored Content,Sharon,Do you want to explain to me what pussy crushing is?!
Sponsored Content,Randy,What?
Sponsored Content,Sharon,Your little meetings you go to at night to discuss social justice?! [drops the paper on the table. Randy picks it up and reads the front page] It's just a way to pick up on young women?!
Sponsored Content,Randy,"Sh-sharon, most of the guys in my PC club are right out of college, alright? You know how college kids are. Who wrote this?"
Sponsored Content,Sharon,I don't want you going over there anymore!
Sponsored Content,Randy,"[stands up] I don't cheat on you, Sharon! I'm happy. Look at what's happened to our town. We have ShiTpaTown, boutique restaurants and artisan shops. We have a fucking Whole Foods, and that was all me! Diverse people are moving here, and everyone is being aware of how they talk. This is paradise, Sharon!"
Sponsored Content,Sharon,"[gets in his face] Is it? [turns right and walks out towards the living room, then turns around] All I know is that you've changed. Every since you joined this PC thing you just bully people. And wait for people to say anything improper so you can jump down their throats for whatever words he or she used."
Sponsored Content,Randy,"He or she is an agenderphobic microagressions, Sharon. You are a bigot. [Sharon turns around and walks away again while he resumes reading the paper.]"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"A meeting room next to the interrogation room. The agent is there with six other agents, all looking at Jimmy. Barbrady stands off to the side against the wall."
Sponsored Content,Agent,The average human can no longer tell the difference between the news and an ad. You seem to have some mental ability that allows you to know the difference.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Does this have to do with me calling the school principal a pussy crusher?
Sponsored Content,Agent,"The PC People are simply being manipulated, unwittingly setting the table for the new enemy of humanity."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,You mean ISIS or ninjas?
Sponsored Content,Agent,"[stands up] Something... much worse. [turns away] Have you ever felt like an ad had... intelligence? That it somehow knew what you wanted, even before you knew you wanted it? [] What if I were to tell you that ads have become smarter than us? And now they're manipulating everything we do?"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,I'd say that sounds pretty retarded.
Sponsored Content,Agent,"[walks to Jimmy's end of the table, then veers away] It was our own fault. Mankind became tired of ads, so we kept inventing ways to make things ad-free. We even created ad blockers. That's when the ads had to adapt. They had to disguise themselves as news in order to survive."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Sponsored content?
Sponsored Content,Agent,"If you really can tell the difference, then you could be the key to saving our species, Jimmy. We'd like to run a test on you."
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"Sponsored Content, Test 17-B"
Sponsored Content,Computer,"Sponsored Content, Test 17-B, Ready. Begin. [a series of news articles pop up onscreen, and Jimmy has to discern whether it's news or advertisement. ""Doctor Found Dead In Apartment""]"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"That's the news. [""Dental Problems on the Rise""] That's an ad. [""Missile Test Lights Up The Sky""] That's the news. [""Vermont Experiencing Heavy Snow""] That's an ad. [a different agent clicks through the articles for him] That's the news. That's an ad. That's an ad. That's the new-oh no, that's an ad for act food. My bad."
Sponsored Content,Agent,"Jesus Christ, he's off the charts."
Sponsored Content,Agent 2,Increase the intensity.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"[""Man Arrested for Murder of Entire Household""] That's the news [""Price of Precious Metal Rises Due To War""] That's an ad. News. Ad. Ad. Ad. Ad. Ad. News. News. Ad. Ad. Slideshow. Ad. [The test ends and the computers wind down. Jimmy's chair is pulled away from the main computer on a track.]"
Sponsored Content,Agent,"That's a perfect score. You are a very special child, Jimmy."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"I prefer ""handicapped,"" actually."
Sponsored Content,Agent,"We have another child here who's special too. [a metal security shield comes down to reveal a window, and a girl on the other side of the window.] Do you know... Leslie? [she notices him on the other side of the glass and looks at him]"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"PC Delta house. The PC Bros are putting up yellow tape saying ""SAFE SPACE - DO NOT CROSS"" on it."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"[steps outside to survey the work] Alright, that's good. Everyone get inside. Everything past here is safe space. [the bros start going inside] No reporters, no harassment. We are gonna figure this shit out. [PC Principal closes the door behind himself. Once inside, everyone is sitting around in silence. PC Principal finally speaks] All I know is that I don't speak up for minorities so that I can crush pussy."
Sponsored Content,PC bro 16,"Me neither, dude. I want social justice and now I'm being made fun of."
Sponsored Content,PC bro 17,Yeah bro. They're taking our incredibly tolerant views and distorting them.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,PC people are under attack. That's what this is.
Sponsored Content,PC bro 18,"Hey yeah. Bro! We're the victims now. Like, we're being marginalized. Like... that makes us pretty cool."
Sponsored Content,Topher,"Yeah, I bet now we can get a lot more puss."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"No, Topher! It's not about puss, alright?! The fuck is wrong with you?! We're being labeled as meatheads who just wanna crush puss by an intolerant newspaper!"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 16,"[now standing] Yeah, fuck that dude, bro!"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Yeah. And like, if you're gonna belittle and make fun of PC people like that, then who's to say he won't do it to other marginalized groups like us? I mean, this kid could be the next Hitler. And if you guys could stop Hitler, what would you do?"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 9,"I'd rip that dude apart and then go home and totally smash some puss, bro."
Sponsored Content,Other Bros,Hell yeah!
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,Nooo!
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,The interrogation room. Jimmy now sits opposite Leslie
Sponsored Content,Leslie,You look familiar. Don't you go to my school?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Yes. Uh, I'm Jimmy. Editor In Chief of Super School News. [smiles]"
Sponsored Content,Leslie,I'm Leslie.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"N, nice to finally talk to you."
Sponsored Content,Leslie,Did they bring you in and give you a bunch of tests too?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Yes, they did. Do you know who ""they"" are?"
Sponsored Content,Leslie,"I think they're ex-newsmen. You know, the men in suits who used to be in charge of the news."
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,the men are listening in on this conversation
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,I thought I recognized them.
Sponsored Content,Leslie,They told me I was special. Are you special too?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"I prefer ""handicapped."""
Sponsored Content,Leslie,[makes a weird noise] I like that.
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's campaign office.
Sponsored Content,Mr. Garrison,"Principal Victoria, if everything you've said is true, then, why doesn't anyone know about it?"
Sponsored Content,Principal Victoria,There are people who know. But they have to stay very hidden.
Sponsored Content,Mr. Garrison,"I'm just havin' a hard time swallowing all this. And between me and this one over here, we can swallow just about anything."
Sponsored Content,Caitlyn,"[scoffs] Oh God, you're such an asshole."
Sponsored Content,Principal Victoria,"Mr. Garrison, I wasn't fired. I was replaced. This goes much higher than anyone knows."
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. He's now the one explaining things to ... someone"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"I came to this town really thinking I could make a difference. I've been called a bigot towards persons with disabilities. I've been called... [stops for an instant] Pussy-crusher, because of the behavior of a very few individuals in my PC frat. [Nathan is shown] Jimmy Valmer is off the school newspaper. I want you to take over."
Sponsored Content,Nathan,Ooooh boy!
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,And I will be reviewing your paper to make sure nobody is ever attacked the way I was again.
Sponsored Content,Nathan,I think this will be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Jimmy almost made me lose confidence, but I know who I am. I know what I am!"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"[voice only] Dude! Bro! [runs into the principal's office] Oh, bro, I went online to read a news story about immigrants being discriminated against."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,Yeah?
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"Well, and so I clicked on the headline and it turned out to be an ad for Reddi-Wip. so then I clicked on the button to make it go away, but then it was a link to another ad, and when i tried to cancel that, another window came up, and it was this! [approaches the desk and shows"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Dude! [stands up and whips his glasses off] What the fuck, bro?"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 11,"What does this mean, dude?"
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Bro! What the fuck, bro?!"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,Back at the interrogation room...
Sponsored Content,Leslie,"Do you like our school, Jimmy."
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Uh yes, Leslie, I like our school very much."
Sponsored Content,Leslie,I like our school too. I like the kids who go there.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,"Uh huh. I'm starting to wonder something about you, Leslie."
Sponsored Content,Leslie,"I'm starting to wonder about you. I mean, you seem like a nice kid, but... don't you feel like you could be happier? [this sets off an alarm in him]"
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Holy. Shit.
Sponsored Content,Leslie,What?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Can you excuse me for a moment?
Sponsored Content,Leslie,Okay. [Jimmy leaves the room for a moment]
Sponsored Content,Agent,Well Jimmy? What do you think?
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,[looks over his shoulder] Does she know she's an ad?
Sponsored Content,Agent 3,He can spot them.
Sponsored Content,Jimmy,Does she know she's an ad?!
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"PC Delta house, night. PC Principal is looking at his monitor, on which is the same picture he saw at school. It's the same picture as that of Naughty Ninjas, but with additional details. The camera pans out to reveal that the picture is part of a State Farm insurance ad."
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"[softly, looking truly victimized now] What the hell is going on, bro?!"
Sponsored Content,PC bro 19,[stops by and checks in on him] Bro?
Sponsored Content,PC Principal,"Bro, what the hell is going on, bro?"
Sponsored Content,Scene Description,"Caitlyn Jenner's car, Washington D.C., night."
Sponsored Content,Principal Victoria,"If we're going back, remember: we don't know who we can trust."
Sponsored Content,Mr. Garrison,"If they wanna mess with my town, I'll fuck every last one of them! Let's do this!"
Sponsored Content,Caitlyn,"Buckle up, buckaroos! [revs up the motor and drives off running over several people]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Fourth Grade, day. The new teacher, Mrs. Nelson is writing out a lesson on adverbial clauses on the chalkboard"
Truth and Advertising,Mrs. Nelson,"Alright guys, now let's go back and talk about infinitives [begins writing the lesson on that subject]. Remember, those are verbs combined with the work ""to."""
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"[yawns and whispers to Kyle] Oh, my fucking God..."
Truth and Advertising,Mrs. Nelson,"Now, usually an infinitive acts like a noun, as in ""I want TO go out to eat"" or [Cartman tugs on Kyle's pen, making him mess up, and smiles. Kyle pulls the pen away. Cartman pulls again] ""I hope TO be chosen today."""
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,What?
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"I'm so bored, dude."
Truth and Advertising,Mrs. Nelson,"Now usually, it isn't common to split TO and the verb, but sometimes you can, [Cartman pulls the pen out of Kyle's hand and throws it away]"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Knock it off!
Truth and Advertising,Mrs. Nelson,"as in-. Is there a problem, guys?"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"Go get my pen, fatass"
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"I am not your slave, Kyle."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Go get my pen!
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Mackey,"[over the PA system] Attention, students. Kyle Broflovski report to the Principal's office please?"
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"[laughs] PC Principal wants to see you, Kyle!"
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Mackey,"Kyle Broflovski to the Principal's office please, m'kay?"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Goddammit! [leaves his seat]
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"Have fun, dude."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The Principal's office. Kyle arrives and sighs heavily before going in. At the desk, Mr. Mackey is looking through some drawers, but PC Principal isn't there."
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Mackey,"[looks up surprised] Oh, Kyle. [sits down on the chair and looks fearful] Uhh, uhh, thank you for coming."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Where's PC Principal?
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Mackey,"I think he's finally lost it, Kyle. He and his PC buddies are on a hunger strike and, they're calling for people's resignations. Kyle, PC Principal had problems with Jimmy and with Leslie. And now they're missing. M'kay? Nobody knows where they are. That's what happens. You go against PC, and you just end up missing. M'kay?"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,What are you talking about?
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Mackey,"PC Principal had issues with them. M'kay? And he had issues with you, Kyle. Whatever's goin' on, it's pretty damn scary."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Montage. First, programming code appears onscreen, then Jimmy"
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"For years, mankind has tried to rid the world of ads. For our ancestors, ads couldn't be avoided. But everyone knew what was an ad, and what wasn't. After many years, mankind invented cable. A way to p-pay for television so there would be no ads. But somehow, the ads still found a way. And so mankind invented TiVo. A way to skip past commercials. Finally, it appeared to be the end of ads. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads were stopped. Or so it seemed. With the rise of the Internet, suddenly the ads got an en- tirely new way to attack us. Popups. The top scientific minds were brought together to find a way to stop the ads, once and for all. They invented the ad blocker. Suddenly there were no ads on phones, on computers. And everywhere, people rejoiced. The ads adapted. They became s-smarter. They disguised themselves as news. All around the world people read news stories completely unaware that they were reading ads . And now, the ads have taken the next step in their evolution. They have taken human form. Ads are among us. They could be your friend, your g-gardener. The ads are trying to wipe us out. But the question is... how?"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner. All the family is there."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"So, um, ahem, South Park kind of sucks now. You guys wanna bail? [everyone else but Grandpa are stunned at this and stop eating.]"
Truth and Advertising,Sharon,What?
Truth and Advertising,Shelly,What are you talking about?
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"It's just, you know, it used to be nice and laid-back here, but now it's all [puts his palms forward] Uuuuhhh, you know? Like like now everybody's all Uuhh-uuhhh. Let's bail. You wanna bail, Stan?"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"No, I don't. [Randy lowers his head and looks at his food,]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The master bedroom, after dinner. Randy is pacing back and forth across the room while Sharon stands with her arms crossed looking at him"
Truth and Advertising,Sharon,"What's going on, Randy?"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Nothing! I just... You know, we don't have to live here, we can live anywhere."
Truth and Advertising,Sharon,"Last month, all you could talk about was how great this town had become. What changed your mind?"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,[stops and looks away] ...We can't afford it. [Sharon's jaw drops]
Truth and Advertising,Sharon,We can't afford it?
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"All these fancy new restaurants and shops and [sits on the edge of the bed] everyone wants to live here! A bowl of City beef costs ten bucks now, for Christ's sake. And there's nowhere to shop but stupid Whole Foods!"
Truth and Advertising,Sharon,"[crosses her arms] Well, we'll just have to stop going to those places."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,I had to take out a second mortgage on the house.
Truth and Advertising,Sharon,You [uncrosses her arms] what?
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"[gets up, runs to her, and holds her shoulders] I had to, Sharon! It isn't my fault! It's the Man. Don't you see? The Man... is pricing us out of our own town."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The newsmen's headquarters. Leslie is in the interrogation room, while Jimmy looks in from the meeting room."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"[faces the newsmen] It's just my luck. I talk to a nice girl, seem to hit it off, and she turns out to just be an ad."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Well, that's what an ad does. She was designed to entice, and manipulate."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,This is such a fantastic story for the school newspaper. Why don't we just run it so that everyone knows the truth?
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Jimmy, we're newsmen, like you. For decades we used our soft buttery voices to inform the people about what's happening. Then we watched as our entire industry was taken over by the ads. [the newsman to his right lowers his head and looks at the table] Some of our colleagues were manipulated into doing the ads' bidding. The man who came to your house with a gun was one of them. Our own Kevin Jarvis has more."
Truth and Advertising,Kevin,"Thanks, Tom. Jimmy, the man who tried to kill you was Brian Boint, of WXNR, Fort Collins. When he saw there was no money in news anymore he sided with the ads, even though he knew it meant the destruction of our species. Back to you, Tom."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Thanks, Kevin. The only hope for the truth to get out there, Jimmy, is for you to see through this ad's deception and to find out what they're planning. Your Super School News was a threat to them. But unless you get this little bitch to talk, we may never know why."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway, day. Kenny and Stan walk into view, spot Kyle, and walk over to him. Stan is carrying a copy of the school newspaper"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Dude, Kyle. Will you look at this? [shows him the paper, which has a report on PC Principal sending Jimmy and Leslie on a Disney Cruise]"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"""Principal Sends Two Favorite Students On A Disney Cruise. This week, students Jimmy Valmer and Leslie Meyers are being treated to an all-expenses-paid vacation for their outstanding school-"" what the hell is this?"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"It doesn't make any sense, dude. PC Principal is using the school paper to cover something up."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Yeah I... Ah I don't wanna get involved.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"You don't wanna get involved? Dude, what's wrong with you?"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,I've already learned you can't win against PC Principal. You should know of all people since he converted your dad.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,What's that supposed to mean?
Truth and Advertising,Butters,[runs up with Cartman] Fellas! We found out what happened to Jimmy! He got to go on a vacation for being an exemplary student.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,That is not what happened! Something is very wrong here! We all have to stand up to PC Principal together!
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"Yeah, and wasn't Jimmy the one in charge of the school newspaper? So who's putting this out?"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The school newsroom. Nathan is at the computer typing random letters on the keyboard.
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"I like the school paper. I like to type with my hands. [the camera then shows Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny, and Butters in the room watching Nathan.]"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Who told you that the principal sent Jimmy on a Disney Cruise?
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"Uhhh. Uhhh. Uhhh, I don't remember."
Truth and Advertising,Stan,You have quotes in here from Jimmy. Did you talk to him?
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"Uhhh. Uhhh, I like the school paper."
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"[the boys look at each other] Come on, we'll get to the bottom of this. [they head out]"
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"[some seconds later] Did I do good, computer? [touches the screen] I think the sponsored content fooled them. I hope I made you happy. Can you see me, computer? Do you know what I'm thinking right now? [a porn popup windows appears] Ahh, thanks, computer."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The edge of town. Caitlyn, Principal Victoria, and Mr. Garrison have arrived and park on the side of the road to look at the town."
Truth and Advertising,Principal Victoria,"We have to make sure nobody recognizes us. There's no telling who works for who. Here, Caitlyn, I got you this fake mustache to put on."
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,"I'm not putting on a mustache, I'll look silly."
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, that, that's where you draw the line, huh Caitlyn?"
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,Don't be an asshole.
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,"No, you're right, that's nuts! A woman wearing a mustache, that's just ridiculous, huh Cait?"
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,"Alright alright, I'll put it on, fuck."
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,"No no, please, Cait, don't put on a fake mustache, that's c-razy. [Caitlyn puts it on] You don't want people thinking you're a weirdo, I mean, Jeez."
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,[taps him gently like a kitten] You-hur such an asshole.
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"ShiTpaTown, day. A shopper leaves Whole Foods with two bags of groceries and is promptly run over by Caitlyn. Nobody bats an eye. Garrison and Victoria step out, followed by Caitlyn"
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,What the hell is this? What have they done to my town?
Truth and Advertising,Principal Victoria,Keep your voice down.
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,Since when do we have a flippin' Whole Foods?! [they walk towards it]
Truth and Advertising,Principal Victoria,Everything's changed.
Truth and Advertising,Survey worker,"[stops the three of them] Hi there, you got a minute for gay rights?"
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,"Gay rights? Jeez, you've already got all those. What the hell do you wanna do now? [the three walk on in]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,Whole Foods. The clerk at checkout 5 is finished with Mr. Stotch's purchases
Truth and Advertising,Clerk,"All right, your total is a hundred twenty six thirty nine, and would you like to give a dollar to help hungry children get iPads to protect your Internet safe space today?"
Truth and Advertising,Stephen,I will.
Truth and Advertising,Mr. Garrison,What the Sam Hell is goin' on!
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The interrogation room. Jimmy and Leslie face off again.
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,Why would anyone think that I'm on the principal's side? I hate the principal. I think he's a dick.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,So you don't know anything about the principal that might be newsworthy? Super School News worthy?
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,Just that he hated me and called me a blabbermouth. I don't think I'm a blabbermouth. I just like talking to people.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"[clears his throat] Leslie, what kind of... plans do you have? Do you have any... plans?"
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,What kind of plans?
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Just, you know, plans. Like what are you hoping tooo... accomplish? [the newsmen watch from the meeting room]"
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,I don't know. What are your plans?
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Well, I want to pursue careers in both news reporting and comedy."
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,Really? That's... different.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Yeah, you're pretty different yourself, Leslie."
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,How so?
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The meeting room. Barbrady is still bearing witness while Jimmy sits at the table with the newsmen
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,I'm starting to think that maybe all ads aren't so bad.
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Jimmy, you're thinking with your dick."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,I am not thinking with my dick.
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Yes you are.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"No, I just think that she's a-"
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Put your dick away.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,She's ag- emotional
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Jim.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Interesting, caring girl."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Jimmy, that's your dick talking. [Jimmy stays quiet] Believe me, I know how you feel. Ads promise us things. Ads are perfect. But make no mistake: [speaks slowly] all ads lie. And all ads deceive."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, afternoon. Kyle is at his computer browsing the Web and looking at Twitter and Instagram."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,There. Leslie's Instagram and her Twitter. Last entry was ten days ago.
Truth and Advertising,Butters,What about Jimmy's?
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"Jimmy never used that stuff, remember? He said he hated using the Internet."
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,How do you hate the Internet? That's like hating titties.
Truth and Advertising,Butters,What are you doing now?
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,I'm just looking for any news articles or anything about PC Principal. [his computer is recording the conversation] Where did you say PC Principal was from?
Truth and Advertising,Stan,I think it was Vermont.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Maybe there's something from the news in Vermont that could give us a clue about- [an ad for a Vermont vacation pops up] Goddammit what the hell is this?
Truth and Advertising,Stan,That's an ad for skiing in Vermont.
Truth and Advertising,Butters,"Wow that looks fun! [Kyle closes the popup and tries again. A couple of windows later, he gets a news article]"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"Dude. Dude, look at this. ""How PC Culture is changing Vermont from a state of intolerance to a s-"" [a popup ad for a guitar appears] Dude there it is again!"
Truth and Advertising,Kenny,What?
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,It's that goddamned guitar! This ad is fucking following me!
Truth and Advertising,Stan,Just click out of it.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,I'm trying! Goddammit get over here!
Truth and Advertising,Stan,That's a pretty sweet-looking guitar.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"[looks at Stan] It is pretty cool dude, it tunes itself."
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,How does it do that?
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"It's this company that does all kinds of hi-tech instruments. See look, I'll show you."
Truth and Advertising,Stan,Oh that's sweet. Send me the link to that so I can- [a popup ad for Victor Frankenstein appears] Oh dude that new Frankenstein movie is out. I totally wanna see that.
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,That movie's gonna suck dude.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Hit the arrow, I wanna see where it's playing."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"[click] OH. Sorry, wrong arrow button. [a popup ad for Fun Cream ice cream appears]"
Truth and Advertising,Butters,"Wow, what kind of ice cream is that?"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"At an ice cream parlor, later on. They're in a booth laughing at something"
Truth and Advertising,Butters,"So Clyde said to Token, ""Why don't you open a bank account with your mouth so I can deposit my dick in it?"" [the boys laugh]"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,So then what'd Token say?
Truth and Advertising,Butters,Well Token was all like-
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Wait wait wait wait wait whoa, whoa. What the hell are we doing?"
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"Eating ice cream, dipshit."
Truth and Advertising,Stan,But what about Jimmy? We were all like totally trying to find out what happened to him.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"Whoa, what the hell just happened?"
Truth and Advertising,Butters,"We got distracted. We've gotta get back to that computer! [The boys split for the computer without their ice cream, except to Cartman, who takes his... and a couple of seconds later, Kenny's]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, day. Skeeter is serving up drinks"
Truth and Advertising,Skeeter,Now this here is a dry Riesling. You're gonna experience vanilla after-tones and a nutty finish.
Truth and Advertising,Rancher,You mean like someone put their balls in the glass?
Truth and Advertising,Skeeter,"No, like chestnuts, dammit!"
Truth and Advertising,Rancher,I just can't keep up with this town no more. Everything's gettin' all nice and fancy. I swear I'm gonna need to get a second mortgage on the ranch just to pay muh daily expenses.
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Don't you get it? That's just what they want. Nobody cares about the people who lived here before. They want us to move, 'cause they wanna knock our houses down and build more lofts and villas!"
Truth and Advertising,Skeeter,"Alright Randy, you should probably lay off the old vine Châteauneuf-du-Pape."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,[now by Stuart's table] You'll all see! Pretty soon everyone who used to live here is gonna have to move. And we'll be shopping at Safeway again. [sets his glass down on the table and walks out the door]
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The sidewalk in front of Skeeter's. Randy walks down the street thinking to himself...
Truth and Advertising,Randy (singing),Where has my town gone? Where has- [a leg kicks him across the face]
Truth and Advertising,Randy,Oooff!
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,"You like apples? [punches him in the belly, causing him to groan] How d'you like them apples? [hauls him into the alley]"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Hey, it's Caitlyn Jenner! [Caitlyn slams Randy against a wall face first]"
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,Check his ass!
Truth and Advertising,Randy,Principal Victoria? [Caitlyn pulls down Randy's pants and briefs to reveal the PC branding]
Truth and Advertising,Victoria,He's one of them.
Truth and Advertising,Randy,One of what?
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,Caitlyn. [Caitlyn punches Randy hard in the ribs. He groans and collapses onto the ground.]
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The meeting room. Jimmy and Leslie face off yet again.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Okay Leslie, let's try a different approach. Let's say you wanted tooo... destroy the entire species. How would you go about it?"
