Dances with Smurfs,Intruder,I SAID DO IT! [smack]
Dances with Smurfs,Gordon Stoltski,"AAAAA! AAAAA! AAAAAAAAAA! AAA! Any, any interested students should fill out an applicant survey-- [smack] WAA! WAAAAAAAAAA!"
Dances with Smurfs,Intruder,I knew you were lyin'! That was terrible! Now put your mouth over the barrel of this gun!
Dances with Smurfs,Gordon Stoltski,No please! I'm so scared! [more softly] I'm so scared!
Dances with Smurfs,Intruder,DO IT!
Dances with Smurfs,Gordon Stoltski,"[freakout] Please! I'll duh, I'll do whatever you say! Here! Here I see! Here! [his voice gets muffled] I got my mouth on the ba- [the gun goes off and Gordon falls on the floor]"
Dances with Smurfs,Intruder,Look at you now. We're all dead. [shoots himself]
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"His memorial service in the school gymnasium, day. Mr. Mackey presides over it."
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"We will always remember the way that Gordon bravely read the announcements every morning, led us in the Pledge of Allegiance, m'kay, and touched many kids' lives here at the school. And even though we now know the shooter had him confused with a forty-year-old truck driver who happened to have a similar name, I know this has been ...pretty traumatizing, m'kay. But now we must decide who will pick up where little Gordon left off. Who will take his place reading the morning announcements? It's a big responsibility, because it will be your voice the entire school listens to, m'kay? And although Gordon Stoltski can never be replaced, m'kay, there must be a student out there who has the drive and the passion to... have his or her voice heard every morning."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Oh. My. Goodddd.
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, day. A sign on the door reads ""Morning Announcement Tryouts"" Cartman and another kid wait on chairs next to the door."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Soo, you're uuh, trying out to be the morning announcement person as well?"
Dances with Smurfs,Mike,"Yeah, I think it would be really fu-fu-fu-fun, and ru-ru-ru-rurrraise my self es-es-esesesteem."
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"[cracks the door open and looks out] Oh, this is it, huh? Okay, uhhh Mike, why don't we have you try out first, ituh m'kay. [Mike gets off the chair and enters the office.]"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,[cackles] He stutters like a bitch! I've got this job in the bag! [another boy walks up and sits in the chair to Cartman's right. Cartman notices immediately: the boy is well-dressed] Who are you?
Dances with Smurfs,Casey Miller,"My name is Casey Miller, and I'm in the third grade. [Cartman is awed] Ever since I can remember people have told me I should read their morning announcements. My friends always said to me, ""Dear Casey, your voice is like butter to our ears. Could you please find a way to get that audible chocolate on the airwaves?"" Well, here I am, and hopefully I'll be the kid with the job. [Cartman is mad now and gives him a hard look]"
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, really nice, Mike, uh, maybe next time you can get past the first word. Oh, Casey Miller, good, you're trying out too?"
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,I'm tryin' out and dryin' out in the sultry summer sun that is my voice.
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay. Eric, you wanna go next? [Cartman gets off his chair and walks into the office, keeping his eyes on Casey until the door closes]"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, inside. Mr. Mackey and Cartman sit on two chairs opposite each other."
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay Eric, I'm just gonna have you read this piece of paper."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Mr. Mackey, what's a moronic jizzrag?"
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,What? What on earth are you askin' me that for?!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Well it's just that... that's what that Casey kid said about your hairpiece? [Mr. Mackey opens his office door to yell at Casey]
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"Get lost, you little dirtball!"
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,Excuse me?
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,I said take a hike!
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,I don't understand... what I did wrong.
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"Beat it, you're not gettin' the job! [Casey gets off his chair and walks away]"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. The fourth grade class is shown as the intercom comes on."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Good morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. And I, am Eric Cartman. All forms for the school book drive must be handed in to Mr. Davis in the library by the end of the school day today. Hm, doesn't seem like they gave us a lot of notice on that, uh, 'kay. Oh well. [reads the next announcement] For lunch today, the cafeteria will be serving a selection of cold sandwiches. Cold sandwiches. Oh well, thank you so much! Remember when we used to be served hot food? I mean, what has happened to our school? This school is transforming into something very bad, and why? Because we have leadership that doesn't care! I'm talking of course about our student body president, Wendy Testaburger! [Wendy's mouth drops open] Ever since Wendy was elected student body president, this school has started a rapid decline towards some socialist regime where students no longer have a voice! The music room will be closed off today due to painting. All students in band and choir will meet in the gymnasium instead. Oh oh, so now, so now the school is using money to paint the music room. How old and outdated is our playground equipment? What other school has a fifteen-year-old merry-go-round on it? Our school president is turning this whole place into Communist Russia! [Clyde has gone to sleep, half the class is getting sleepy, Stan buries his head in his arms] It's not a coincidence that once Wendy took office this school started coming apart at the seams! Your teachers don't wanna tell you, but they are scared, and they should be, because the very fabric of this elementary school is tearing from all corners."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,Oh jeez!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"But hey, I'm just a normal kid, like you, except that I ask questions. And because I'm brave enough to ask questions, I come under scrutinies. Is Wendy using your lunch money to buy heroin? Probably not, but how can we know? I don't want my lunch money going to drugs! Who's taking these drugs? What would be the point? I'm asking questions!"
Dances with Smurfs,Kyle,Will somebody shut him up?
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"The principal's office, after the announcements. Cartman walks into the office. Mr. Mackey stands to Principal Victoria's left."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?"
Dances with Smurfs,Principal Victoria,"The job is to read what is written on the paper, Eric, not to embellish the way you do."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Oohhhh I get it. You're trying to silence me! You're scared that somebody is standing up to this school and its president for once!
Dances with Smurfs,Principal Victoria,"No, it's just that the announcements need to be quick so the students can get on with their work."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Oh really?! Then how come Gordon Stoltski got to go on for like five minutes that one day?!
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"Well, because he was being murdered."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"You just want somebody to read what's in front of them like a brain-washed zombie, is that it Mr. Mackey? I am not Gordon Stoltski, okay?! I'm not some dog on a leash that just blindly says what he's told, until he's killed!"
Dances with Smurfs,Principal Victoria,All we ask is you keep it shorter.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Oh I will! And maybe I'll also have a word with the ACLU, tell them that a student is being told not to speak out against his school! I'm sure they'll find that very interesting!"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. Cartman is back at the announcement desk. He's smiling, and clears his throat. Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, and two school district officials look on."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Well. Goood morning South Park Elementary. These are the morning announcements. Tryouts for the soccer team are on Friday afternoon. That is of course if our student body president does something about our abysmal soccer field. [The first or second grade class is shown] I have a question. What does Wendy Testaburger actually do? She is supposed to be the president, right? What is her agenda? She's lying to everyone? Or is she? Let's ask these questions. [next day] Today I wanna talk briefly about the state of our school's economy. The bake sale last week was a complete failure. And in the school- [next day] And besides that, who actually voted for Wendy Testaburger? I know I didn't. And everyone who did is now scratching their heads and goin' ""Whoops. Guess I shouldn't have done that."" [next day] I'm not in the student council, I'm just a normal kid like all of you. And like all of you, I want to know what has happened... to my school."
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,Cartman leads the school in reciting the Pledge of Allegiance.
Dances with Smurfs,Third Graders,I pledge allegiance to the fag -
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"- of the United States of America. OUR United States, not the one Wendy Testaburger would have, a socialist dunghole -"
Dances with Smurfs,Kindergartners,- a socialist dunghole...
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. Cartman is back at the announcement desk."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Good morning students. These are the morning announcements. If you'll direct your attention to the new video monitors at the head of your class, [The lights go down and a monitor is shown above Mr. Garrison's desk] you will see that the announcements are now being done in video."
Dances with Smurfs,Kyle,"Oh God, no! [Cartman has made his own graphic introduction full of poses]"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Lunch today is going to be pizza. Again. [exhales forcefully] Friends, our school is dying and you know it. You feel it. You're like, you're like me; you wanna change it. But ohhh no, Wendy Testaburger's not gonna let that happen! This is not the school we grew up in, and ...and I don't know if we can get it back. [leaves his desk and walks over to a mobile blackboard] So let's take a look at exactly what our school president wants. You know, what is she trying to achieve? Let's just take a look at these Keywords here: Wendy's made it clear she wants our school to be a more Integrated Leftist and Liberal place! But you see what then happens, what we get is a Socialist, Modern, Utopian, Reformed, Farce of a School. So when you look closely it becomes very obvious what Wendy wants. K I L L S M U R F S. Our school president ...wants to kill Smurfs."
Dances with Smurfs,Ike,[upset to the fact] NOOO!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"I don't know if we're turning into a Smurf-hating school or what we're turning into, but unless you ask why [writes Y on the board], we're gonna transform into something."
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, school hallway, day. Wendy is at her locker when Butters approaches with a group of friends. We'll call them Melvins, after the group he formed with Dougie and Pip back in Season 3."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,Hey Wendy! Wendy! Is it true?
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,Is what true?
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,That you hate Smurfs?
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,I don't have time for this.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,Hey now! Me and us fellers were just asking questions!
Dances with Smurfs,Melvins,"Yeah, that's right. We can ask. [Casey is among them]"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,Try to understand this: all I do is try to help run student council. I don't give a crap about Smurfs!
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,[gasps and points] It is true!
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 1,Oh my God!
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 2,"Yeah, bemememe!"
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 3,Oh my God!
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"Maybe you guys should check into what student council actually does, before you just blindly listen to what some idiot with a microphone tells you! [storms off]"
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,What did the Smurfs ever do to you! Ya bitch! I just called the president a bitch.
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,Hyeah.
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 1,That was cool.
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 4,Awesome.
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 2,"Yeah, that was cool."
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 3,"Yeah, great job."
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"The cafeteria entrance, day. To one side is a huge poster on the wall and a smaller sign near a desk at which sits Cartman signing copies of his new book, ""What Happened To My School?"""
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"""Thank you"" and this is to..?"
Dances with Smurfs,Douglas,Douglas.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"[signs a copy] ""To Douglas."" There you go. [gives it to him] Book signing today everyone, be sure to pick up your copy."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,Hey Eric!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Well hello. Another person who [looks to his right and tries to get the other kids' attention as they stream into the cafeteria] cares about the future of our school.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"Oh you bet! I love all the stuff you said about how our school president never does anything, and how she's changing everything."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Yes, well now you can read about all those things I've said, Butters. Take this copy of my book."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"Cool, thanks."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,That'll be five dollars.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"[a bit disappointed] Oh, okay. [hands him a five-dollar bill]"
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,What the hell do you think you're doing?!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,A book signing.
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,I looked through your stupid book! It's five hundred and forty pages of ripping on Wendy and calling her a slut!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,I do not directly say she's a slut!
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,"""Wendy Testaburger has proven time and time again that she will do anything to pleasure her vagina. Whether it is the school football team or the janitors on their break, Wendy spends her time as president on her knees or on her back taking the old in-out for hours on end""."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"[leans over the table and points somethoug out to him] You didn't read the rest, dude."
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,"""Or does she?"""
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"""Or does she?"" See, that's a question. I'm asking questions, Stan! I've called for Wendy to come on my show and defend herself, but she won't do it!"
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"[showing up with his Melvins] Yeah, and she hates Smurfs!"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,Some younger boys are reading the book.
Dances with Smurfs,Boy 1,"""Shouldn't we be worried if our school president is a girl who would rather get her tits licked than go to student council meetings?"" [the other boys react to that passage]"
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,"Hey hey, stop reading that!"
Dances with Smurfs,Boy 1,Wull what do you mean?
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,"Listen, just because a guy's voice is on the intercom and his words are in a book, doesn't mean he has any idea what he's talking about!"
Dances with Smurfs,Boy 2,Yes it does!
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,Eric Cartman is simply making it so that all kids take responsibility to question their school leaders. We should all ask if our president is a penis-hungry hooker with a huge vagina. I'm Casey Miller. [Stan turns and walks away. He sees Wendy at her locker and approaches her.]
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,"Wendy, did you see the stuff Cartman is saying about you now?"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"I really don't care, Stan."
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,Well don't you think you should go on his show and defend yourself?! Everyone is starting to think you're a crappy president.
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"I'm not giving Eric Fartman one minute of my time, you got that?! I'm not acknowledging his stupid questions. If you want him dealt with, you'll have to do it yourself! [takes up her backpack and storms off]"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"The principal's office, after the announcements. Cartman walks into the office. Mr. Mackey stands to Principal Victoria's left."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"You wanted to see me again, Principal Victoria?"
Dances with Smurfs,Principal Victoria,"Eric, we've been informed by a concerned student that you are writing naughty books about one of the girls here at the school."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Oh, Wendy came and told on me?! So what? Because she's president she can't be written about?"
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, apparently you wrote that Wendy's private parts are big enough to fly an airplane through, m'kay?"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,And what if they are?! You'll stop me from asking just because Wendy forces you to?!
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, the student body president really doesn't have the kind of power that you-"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Just enough power to force you to stop me from selling my book! Face it, you're a lackey, Mackey!"
Dances with Smurfs,Principal Victoria,"[stands up] Eric, I've had enough! You cannot and you will not sell your books on school grounds! Do I make myself clear?!"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Clear as summer rain! Clear as a flavorless bottle of vitamin water! This school has finally transformed to the socialist whoreland where a student isn't free! Well I'm not gonna be a part of it, do you understand?! I'm leaving this... hypocritical Communist school! I'm walking out and I'm never coming back! [turns and storms out of the office.]"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next morning. The students are entering the school. Later..."
Dances with Smurfs,Announcer,"[an adult male] Live, from the principal's office, these are the morning announcements. Here, is Eric Cartman."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Yesterday, as most of you know, I walked out on this program, and on our school. I was so... fed up with our president's hypocrisies, me not being allowed to sell my book. I wanted to live in a place where my values were still upheld. And so I decided to leave it all behind and instead just go and live with the Smurfs. [an animated sequence begins. Smurf Village is shown] I simply observed the gentle Smurfs at first. I wanted to understand how they could live such simple and decent lives. They were wary of me in the beginning, but slowly I began to earn their trust. [one day he steps up, and they gather round him] It wasn't long before the gentle Smurfs accepted me as one of their own. [they bring him a cap big enough to fit his head, he puts it on and grins. The camera pans up and the title of his animation appears: Dances with Smurfs]"
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,Whoa... [this time Kyle is the one who has his head in his arms]
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"The smurfs and I grew to understand each other. [Cartman is now dressed as a Smurf, but only his face is painted blue. He's harvesting berries with the Smurfs] They shared with me their art of picking Smurfberries, and I shared with them stories of my country's forefathers. Of course, it wasn't long before ...I fell in love with Smurfette. [He and the diminutive Smurfette sit on a log watching the sun set] We're from two different worlds and yet we spoke the common language of passion."
Dances with Smurfs,Kyle,"""These, are the morning announcements."" [Butters shushes him and he buries his face in his arms again.]"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Papa Smurf was displeased at first, [Cartman tries to catch up to Smurfette as her father takes her into their mushroom house] He told Smurfette I wasn't a real Smurf and we could never be happy. But I eventually proved myself to Papa Smurf by picking more Smurfberries than any Smurf had ever Smurfed before. Finally, all was right with the world. But then, a crisis. Clumsy Smurf burst into the Smurf ceremony to say that humans had come to destroy all of Smurfland."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman Smurf,"No! No, you must leave the noble Smurfs alone! Who's behind all this?! [gasps at the sight of lots of bulldozers ready to raze Smurfland, and at their forewoman] I should have known. Wendy!"
Dances with Smurfs,Human Wendy,[just Cartman dressed as Wendy] Out of my way! [this Wendy has padding to make her appear to have breasts]
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman Smurf,"Wendy, what are you doing here?!"
Dances with Smurfs,Human Wendy,Smurfberries are worth a lot of money. With all those Smurfberries I can power the school for the entire year.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman Smurf,"Wendy, I know you're president of our school, but you can't just dig up the Smurfs' land!"
Dances with Smurfs,Human Wendy,"Fuck the Smurfs! They can suck my fat tits! [she climbs onto one of the bulldozers, Cartman stands in front of it]"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman Smurf,"How many Smurfberries is enough, Wendy?!"
Dances with Smurfs,Human Wendy,"You can suck my fat tits too! [steps on the gas and the bulldozer begins to move. She rolls over the land, mowing down trees, mushroom houses, and smurfs, killing them by the tens. Blood and guts splatter everywhere]"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman Smurf,Smurfette noooo!
Dances with Smurfs,Human Wendy,Suck mah fat tits!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"And so now our school has plenty of precious unattainable Smurfberries. Yeah well big deal. At what cost did our school president get it? Every Smurf is dead. Wiped out and we will never see them again! Go on, look outside! You won't see any Smurfs! [Butters sobs] Of course, since I'm being silenced, I'm not allowed time to show you the entire movie. And so please buy Dances with Smurfs available now on DVD. [holds up the DVD case] The question now is, What happened to morals? What happened to dignity? What happened to my schooool?"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway, later. Butters is pacing the ground before a group of Melvins."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,That does it! Our student council is corrupt and has to be dealt with!
Dances with Smurfs,A Melvin,I can no longer stand idly by.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"We need to get all the kids together who wanna fight back and tell them to meet after school! We will forever remember this day, the day we finally stood up to Wendy Testaburger!"
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,It is time for that slutty Smurf-killing bitch to get what's comin' to 'er.
Dances with Smurfs,Melvins,Yeah!
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, after school. He's at the back patio talking to the Melvins over a megaphone. All of them are wearing shirts Cartman had made: ""I ask questions!"" with a picture of Cartman's head underneath."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"I don't know about all of you, but I have had enough! We've been sitting back and watching as our school slowly goes into the toilet! But today, we do something about it! [the Melvins cheer] So let's march right over there to Wendy's house and do what we know needs to be done! [the Melvins cheer again, and follow him out the side gate and on to Wendy's house]"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"Butters stops his posse outside Wendy's house, on the sidewalk."
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,Let us not forget what happens this day!
Dances with Smurfs,A Melvin,Do it!
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"We are here, Wendy Testaburger! [walks up to her front door, drops his pants and briefs, and pees on the front door.]"
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 2,"Take that, school president!"
Dances with Smurfs,Melvin 3,Get her good!
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,I am.
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"[opens her window] Hey, what are you doing?"
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,The students want answerrrrs! Go on the Morning Announcements if you've got nothing to hide!
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Testaburger,[opens the front door and looks down] What the hell? [Butters stops peeing and looks up]
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"Wah! [turns and waddles down the steps without pulling his pants up, then across the front yard] Smurfkiller! [runs down the street with the other Melvins] Answer for your crimes on the Morning Announcements!"
Dances with Smurfs,Mr. Testaburger,"Wendy, did a boy just pee on our door because the Smurfs were murdered? [Wendy plants her hands on her face, then removes them]"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"It's okay Dad, I'll take care of it."
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"The Principal's office, next morning. Wendy and Cartman are on Cartman's set as his make-up people prepare him for the Announcements. One of them is Esther. They frost the lower part of his hair to give him a distinguished elderly look."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Thank you so much for finally coming on my show, Wendy."
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"Yeah, well, Butters peed on my house."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,People are riled up. Hopefully we can clear the air here this morning.
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,If we could just keep it to questions about Student Council?
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Of course. That's why we're here.
Dances with Smurfs,A Boy,Five seconds. [the make-up people move out as Cartman stands up]
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Don't worry, I won't go too hard on you. [sits down and gets his notes ready as the chimes come in] Good morning South Park Elementary, these are the morning announcements. Rehearsals for the school play are cancelled this afternoon. For lunch the cafeteria will be serving meat loaf or veggie pasta. My guest today is the student body president of South Park Elementary, Wendy Testaburger. Wendy, thank you for coming on the show."
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,Sure.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Wendy, I wanna start by asking a pretty straightforward question, and I hope you don't take offense to it."
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,Okay.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"How many Smurfberries is the life of each Smurf worth? [Wendy doesn't answer, and Cartman studies her reaction]"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"I don't, I, I have no idea what-"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,You don't know how many Smurfberries the life of each Smurf is worth.
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,The Audio Video Department room. Butters and the Melvins are watching the announcements there.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,"Ohhh, he's got her now!"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,The Fourth Grade classroom. Kyle again has his face in his arms.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Would you agree that the school is in a crisis right now?
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"I believe there is a ...few things wrong with the school, but-"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"If a Smurf dies and no one is around to hear it, does it still scream? [Wendy doesn't answer]"
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,The Audio Video Department room.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,She's speechless!
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,You are the president of the school. Can you see why many students think you're an ineffective slut? Are you denying that the Smurf holocaust ever happened? Is that what you're suggesting?
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"Look, Eric, you have to understand. The Smurfberries were our school government's only option."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Yes, and that makes- whoa whoa what?"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"What was I supposed to do? The school was running out of power. We tried relocating the Smurfs at first, but they wouldn't budge! So we decided to get somebody on the inside. A member of the school who could act like one of the Smurfs and learn their secrets. But of course you know that, don't you?"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,What? What do you mean I know that?
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"I'm just asking a question. We all knew you were sent in to live with the Smurfs, but did you know they would be wiped out?"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,No! You wiped them all out!
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"[gets off her chair and walks around a bit] Nobody expected you to fall in love with Smurfette. You went to learn from them, but instead you became one of them, right? Fought against your own kind when you knew we'd stop at nothing! Do you know that one Smurfberry can power the school for two months? One Smurfberry!"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Wait, hold on, can we take a break?"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"No, it's okay! It's all out in the open now. I wouldn't have had to kill the Smurfs if they would have simply moved on. But you gave them the will to stay, and I guess... you can't be blamed for that."
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's classroom.
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,What?!
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,The Principal's office.
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"And that is why... I'm stepping down. You were right all along, Cartman. And I am hereby making you the student body president."
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,The AV Department room.
Dances with Smurfs,Butters,All right! Cartman's president. We did it.
Dances with Smurfs,A Melvin,I'm confused.
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,The Principal's office.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"Dude, you can't take my Dances with Smurfs idea and turn it into your own thing-"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"No, you're right. The students all deserve to know the truth. And so I have answered what really happened in my new book, Going Rogue on the Smurfs."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"No! No, dude! You don't just take one person's story and then add a couple of things and call it yours!"
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,"Luckily with the money I made selling the movie rights to my book, I'll be okay."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,You sold the movie rights to who?!
Dances with Smurfs,Wendy,James Cameron. Go look. The movie came out already.
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Theh- They can't do that! I'm student body president!
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"The Bijou. Playing there now is Avatar, James Cameron's latest movie. Cartman comes out of the 4:30 showing really pissed off."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,[crossing the street] Oh God damn it! Son of a bitch idea-stealing assholes! [turns around and rants at the theater] You sons of bitches! Dances with Smurfs was MY idea! MY IDEA! [gives the theater two middle fingers three times] You can't just take Dances with Smurfs and call it something else! [gives the theater two middle fingers three more times]
Dances with Smurfs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next morning. The fourth graders take their seats. Cartman comes in and takes his seat, still angry."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,Huh!
Dances with Smurfs,Stan,"Dude, what happened? You're not doing the morning announcements anymore?"
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"No, because it turns out that by rule, the student body president can't also be the morning announcement reader!"
Dances with Smurfs,Kyle,"Oh well, at least as president you can run the school the way you want."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,I can't do jack! I went to my first student council meeting; all we did was talk about what colors to make the stupid Sadie Hawkins dance! Student council's retarded! [the chimes come on]
Dances with Smurfs,Casey,"The sun is up and the birds are chirping. I'm Casey Miller and these, are the morning announcements. I have a letter from second-grade student Brian Falner. Brian writes, ""Dear Casey, why is our school president such a fat stupid dickhead? My desk is broken, and so far Eric Cartman has done nothing about it. Will you please let that walking bowl of anus pus know that we are not happy?"" Well Brian, I couldn't agree more. Our asshole president is a fat smelly douchebag milkshake."
Dances with Smurfs,Cartman,"I'm doin' the best I can! [begins to cry, leaves his desk, and runs out of the classroom bawling.]"
Pee,Scene Description,"On the road, day. Cartman is singing. Jimmy looks over the back of the second row of seats in the station wagon."
Pee,Cartman,"We're going to the water park, The water park, the water park! We're going to the water park, Me and all my best friends, except for Kyle who I don't like! [Kyle flashes a look of anger at him]"
Pee,Stan,"[annoyed] Okay Cartman, you can stop singing now. [his father Randy is driving. The other boys present are Butters, Kenny, and Jimmy]"
Pee,Cartman,"This is gonna be sooo awesome dude. I haven't been to the water park in like, over a year."
Pee,Butters,What do you guys wanna do first? I hear they have a new inner tube slide.
Pee,Cartman,"No! Dude, we gotta go to the wave pool first. It's so dope, as long as there aren't any minorities."
Pee,Jimmy,"W-What are you talking about, Eric?"
Pee,Cartman,"You know, there's always like five or six minorities wearing their T-shirts in the wave pool, pisses me off."
Pee,Stan,We're here! It's the water park! [Randy pulls up at the front entrance and drops the boys off.]
Pee,Scene Description,Pi Pi's Splashtown. The boys gather at the entrance.
Pee,Randy,"I'm gonna pick you boys up right here at 4:00, you got it?"
Pee,Cartman,"Come on, let's go!"
Pee,Stan,"We got it, Dad."
Pee,Scene Description,The ticket booth.
Pee,Cartman,"[hands the clerk some money] Six adorable children, please."
Pee,Scene Description,Inside. Cartman runs in and through the interactive fountains.
Pee,Cartman,"Wave pool! Wave pool! Waaave pooool! [finally gets to the wave pool, but gets pissed off] Oh, what the hell?! [the pool is quite crowded with people of all races enjoying themselves. The other five boys catch up to Cartman]"
Pee,Kyle,"All right, what do you guys wanna ride first?"
Pee,Stan,"Well Cartman said he wanted to do the wave pool first, right Cartman?"
Pee,Cartman,[with a stunned look on his face] Forget it! Just forget it! [walks off in anger. The other five are confused]
Pee,Scene Description,Pi Pi's New York Splash. The boys tackle that attraction. Cartman isn't with them.
Pee,Stan,"Dude, this is awesome."
Pee,Kyle,You guys wanna see how long I can hold my breath under water?
Pee,Butters,"[stops] Hey fellers, fellas hang on! I've gotta go to the bathroom. [Kenny continues across the pool without the other boys]"
Pee,Kyle,"Okay, go ahead. [turns back to Stan and Jimmy]"
Pee,Butters,"Okay, thanks. [goes to the bathroom right there, no stepping out of the pool or nothin']"
Pee,Kyle,"I can seriously hold my breath longer than anybody. Somebody time me, all right?"
Pee,Stan,Okay.
Pee,Kyle,"All right, [glances back at Butters] check it out, I- [looks back again and sees what happened.] Butters, BUTTERS! What the fuck?! Are you peeing in the pool?!"
Pee,Butters,"You said ""go ahead""."
Pee,Stan,"Come on Kyle, let's check out the fireboats."
Pee,Kyle,"No dude, Butters' pee is in there."
Pee,Stan,"Aw come on, look at all this water. It doesn't matter if one person pees in it."
Pee,Butters,"Yeah, come on, Kyle, I'm not the only person who's peed in the pool. Lots of people do."
Pee,Kyle,No they don't!
Pee,Stan,"Yeah, they do, Kyle."
Pee,Jimmy,"To be perfectly frank, I peed in the pool about tu-tu-twenty five seconds ago."
Pee,Kyle,Dude!
Pee,Stan,"Come on, show us how long you can hold your breath."
Pee,Kyle,NO!
Pee,Scene Description,"In another part of the park, Cartman stands alone near a gazebo as people move past him this way and that. Montage, part 1: Cartman is now in the wave pool, then he wanders around the park, then he's singing at a signpost, then he's back near the wave pool, looking at the crowd in there, then he faces the camera, then he walks back to the park entrance, then tugs at a cop's shirt only to find that the copy is a member of a minority group, then he's back at the signpost, then he's at an artificial beach looking for a place to sit, then he's in line for Pele's Revenge, then he's annoyed and lazing about in an inner tube at the Lazy River, then he's waiting to enter the Lost River of the King Tut."
Pee,Cartman,"What has happened to this place? I don’t recognize it anymore. It used to be so fun and special. What is life worth living for? The dream is dead, our land is gone; There’s a hole in my heart and I can’t go oooooon. There are too many minorities (minorities) At my water park (my water park). This was our land, our dream (our dream), and they’ve taken it all away. They just keep coming and coming (minorities). I tried to go and tell the police, But even the authorities Are minorities At my water park. There’s no place for me to sit anymore, And the lines just keep getting crazier. There are Mexicans all around me. The lazy river has never been lazier. It’s a 40 minute wait to go down one slide, And the instructions are in Spanish on the Zip Line ride!"
Pee,Scene Description,At the Zip Line Ride. Cartman is waiting for the car he's in to start moving.
Pee,Ride Operator,Guarden los brazos y piernas dentro del paseo-
Pee,Cartman,Just do it in English!
Pee,Scene Description,"Back to the montage. Cartman walks around some more, then he's back at the wave pool looking at it, then some colored lights in the background, then he's on bended knee on a bluff overlooking the park."
Pee,Cartman,"There are too many minorities (too many) At my water park (somebody do something). Where did they all come from? Why can’t they leave this land alone? And it’s such a tragedy (feel a bit like dying). We looked the other way too long. We’ve got to change our priorities And get all these minorities Out of my water park (Minorities) Mexicans and Asians, (Black people), I think I even saw a Native American (gross). God I’m asking please, get all of these minorities Out of my water park (my water park)."
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Snack Shack, later. The other five boys are eating hamburgers."
Pee,Stan,"After this, you guys wanna hit the hurricane slides?"
Pee,Butters,You bet!
Pee,Kyle,I'm not getting back in the water.
Pee,Stan,"Aw come on, Kyle."
Pee,Kyle,"Dude, I just found out that everybody pees in pools. Why would I go back?"
Pee,Stan,Not everybody pees in pools.
Pee,Kyle,Do you pee in the pool?
Pee,Stan,Not today... yet.
Pee,Kyle,"Aw, come on!"
Pee,Stan,"Well dude, what are you gonna do? Just hang out here at the table all day?"
Pee,Kyle,Most likely.
Pee,Cartman,"[running up to the boys] You guys! You guys, we have got problems of Biblical proportions!"
Pee,Stan,"Dude, where have you been?"
Pee,Cartman,I've been counting. Do you know there are two hundred and five Mexicans here? And there are a hundred and ninety black people!
Pee,Kyle,So what?
Pee,Cartman,So?! Guess how many white people are at the water park today? One hundred and forty three! There are actually more minorities here than us!
Pee,Kyle,"Well then they're not minorities, are they?"
Pee,Cartman,...What do you mean?
Pee,Kyle,"Dumbass, if there's sixty percent of them to forty percent of us, then who's the minority?!"
Pee,Cartman,The black and brown people.
Pee,Kyle,"No, you're the minority!"
Pee,Cartman,"Do I look like a minority to you, stupid?! Now look guys, I did some calculations: just last year, there were almost ninety percent normal people to minorities. That's a fifty percent rise in one, year!"
Pee,Stan,This is more math than I've ever seen you do.
Pee,Cartman,Because it's important! A fifty percent rise each year means that in three years the world will be only... minorities. That's 2012! The Mayans predicted this!
Pee,Butters,The who?
Pee,Cartman,The Mayans! They knew that minorities would take over the world by the year 2012! And now it's happening!
Pee,Stan,I'm gonna go on the slides.
Pee,Butters,"Whoopie! [Stan, Butters, Jimmy, and Kenny take their leave]"
Pee,Cartman,"You guys! You guys have to do something to stop this! Come on! [only Kyle is left at the table, and Cartman remembers this and slowly turns to him] Well, looks like at least you've got some sense left in you, Kyle. So what are we gonna do to keep the Mayan's prediction from coming true, buddy?"
Pee,Kyle,"Blow it out your ass, Cartman! [leaves the table without taking a bite from his hamburger. He walks by an elderly couple in a pool]"
Pee,Woman,"Eugene, that is disgusting! Did you just pee in the pool?"
Pee,Eugene,"Aw, come on, look how big this pool is. One person peeing in it isn't gonna hurt anything."
Pee,Kyle,"Eewww! [walks away quickly. Nearby, a man takes a water sample]"
Pee,Water Tester,Oh my God.
Pee,Scene Description,"The park's main office. The water tester and his assistant are at the office with Pi-Pi and a lawyer. Behind Pi-Pi is a picture window, and outside that is the Drop Zone!! attraction."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Ah, gentlemen, I am da Pi-Pi. How can I help you?"
Pee,Assistant,"Pi-Pi, we have some dire news concerning your water park."
Pee,Water Tester,I've just finished some tests. The water in your park is now 98% pee.
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Yes, uhso whatsuh is the problem?"
Pee,Assistant,"Pi-Pi, you know that acceptable pee levels in any water park is eighty three percent. [with some urgency] You have to shut down."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"What?! I can'tuh close down now, it'she my biggest-a weekend. Everyone is having a-theh fun."
Pee,Water Tester,"You're endangering people's lives! [shows him the test results] If those pee levels hit a hundred percent, there's no telling what'll happen!"
Pee,Lawyer,And what proof... do you have that the pee levels will go up?
Pee,Water Tester,One in three people admit they pee in pools. Add another for people who do but don't admit it; that's two in three. You've got just over five hundred people out there; that's three hundred and thirty two people about to pee in your water!
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Gehntlemen, please-a. I come-a from ada Venice. [shows off a real life picture of a canal in Venice] Venice is almost all pee. And we doin' just fine. We swim-a in the pee, we sing-a in the pee. You can't barge in here and tell me thuh, that I have to close down just because my wahter park has-a too much pee."
Pee,Water Tester,You have to evacuate people now!
Pee,Lawyer,He said he's not doing it! And as his lawyer I advise you gentlemen to leave and take your wild pee theories with you!
Pee,Water Tester,"[now at the door with his assistant about to leave] If one more person urinates in your pool, it could set off a chain reaction. Then the pee will be on your hands. [they leave]"
Pee,Scene Description,"The wave pool, later. The water is now green."
Pee,Butters,"Oh b-hoy, the waves are startin' up again!"
Pee,Stan,"This is sweet, huh Kenny? [Kenny, who's facing away from the camera, doesn't say anything. A girl in an inner tube floats past the boys, then stops and lets loose some pee. Sure enough, the ground begins to rumble and shake.]"
Pee,Jimmy,"W-What's that? [Explosions of pee come out of every ride, overrunning them all. A huge pee wave rises over the park and swamps it, destroying every structure. An unlucky slider is swept down in a rush of pee. A woman loses her baby as the wave strikes her back. The pee tsunami sweeps across the Mt. Everest attraction. A statue of a man scaling the mountain falls off]"
Pee,Woman Who Loses Baby,(shrieks)
Pee,Man 1,It's pee! [turns to run from it]
Pee,Man 2,"Look out for the pee! [Kyle, who's playing a Zombie Fighter video game, looks back to see what's all the commotion. The pee-nami hits the New York Splash attraction, mowing down its structures]"
Pee,Kyle,"Aaaaah! GROSS! [leaves the game and makes a run for it. A volcano blows up and chunks of lava drop all over the place. The wave pool gets unstable, threatening to throw people out with its wild waves]"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"[holding on to the sign post] Aaaaa, it's-a the peeee! [the sign post breaks off and both man and post are swept away by the pee. Stan, Butters, and Jimmy climb up the Mr. Everest sign]"
Pee,Floating Woman,[swept away] Aaaah!
Pee,Stan,"[in a shaky voice] Aaaah! [stops and looks at the pee, and sees a familiar boy floating in the water, face down] OH MY GOD, THEY KILLED KENNY!"
Pee,Kyle,"[running up some stairs in Drop Zone!!] Aw, sick! [the pee below him is rising]"
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot, some time later. Firefighters have arrived on scene of the destroyed water park."
Pee,Fire Marshal,I want that entire water park contained and quarantined until I get some answers. [Randy quickly arrives in his station wagon and runs up to the captain]
Pee,Randy,What's going on?
Pee,Fire Marshal,I told you people to keep civilians back!
Pee,Randy,"Sir, please, my son is in there! What's happened?"
Pee,Fire Marshal,"We don't know yet, all right?! There's been a pee breach and a lot of people are dead. Now I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to-"
Pee,Officer 1,"Captain, these two men claim to know the situation. [the water tester and his assistant walk into view]"
Pee,Water Tester,"We warned the owner of the park, but he refused to shut down. This was inevitable."
Pee,Fire Marshal,So this is all pee-related?
Pee,Water Tester,"Yes, I... tested the pH levels this morning."
Pee,Fire Marshal,And?
Pee,Water Tester,"It was almost all pee, no H."
Pee,Randy,"Oh my God. I've gotta help him! [starts to run to the gate, but the captain catches him and pulls him back.]"
Pee,Fire Marshal,Stay BACK!
Pee,Randy,You can't just leave my son in there with all that pee!
Pee,Officer 2,"Sir, it's possible with a crane we could help any survivors out."
Pee,Water Tester,I think that would be a very bad idea.
Pee,Fire Marshal,And why is that?
Pee,Water Tester,"Anyone inside there is contaminated. We have reason to believe that when people are exposed to that much pee, they... change."
Pee,Fireman 1,Change how?
Pee,Water Tester,"All right uh brubring in, bring in the monkey. [a researcher wheels in a monkey who's been shackled to a dolly] We've only tested the theory on monkeys so far. This monkey is healthy and normal in every way, but now, watch. [unzips his pants and turns to face the monkey, then starts peeing on it. He first pees on the chest, no reaction. He moves the stream up to the monkey's face and the monkey begins to protest. The monkey tries to escape the pee stream, but the tester just keeps the stream on it as best he can.]"
Pee,Fire Marshal,My God! He's become full of rage!
Pee,Scene Description,"Back in the pee-filled water park, Jimmy, Butters, and Stan stand on the Mt. Everest attraction. Kyle is on what remains of the Drop Zone!! sign, but it moves a little, sinking a bit."
Pee,Kyle,Aahhh...
Pee,Stan,"[on a small plateau on the attraction] Kyle, quick! You've gotta swim over to us!"
Pee,Kyle,No way!
Pee,Jimmy,"You've gotta swim over here, Kyle."
Pee,Butters,"Come on, Kyle!"
Pee,Kyle,"Dude, that's all pee!"
Pee,Stan,Well if you don't swim in it you're gonna die!
Pee,Kyle,I'll die if I do swim in it!
Pee,Stan,"Kyle, it's just pee! It's not that big a deal!"
Pee,Kyle,Yes it is a big deal! Why do you think everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom?!
Pee,Stan,"[hesitantly] ...Well, not everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom."
Pee,Kyle,..WHAT?
Pee,Stan,"Come on, dude, you've gotta swim."
Pee,Kyle,You don't wash your hands after going to the bathroom!
Pee,Stan,Not... all the time.
Pee,Kyle,That is gross!!
Pee,Stan,Why? It's not like you're peeing on your hands! There's more germs on most furniture than there is in pee!
Pee,Butters,"Yeah, if anything you should wash your hands before you touch your weiner! [the sign drops further into the yellow urine]"
Pee,Stan,"Kyle, come on!"
Pee,Kyle,"Ah, god-damnit! [climbs down the sign and into the pee. He holds his face high up as much as he can as he swims across] Haaa. Ohhhh. Ahh, ohh, uhh, agh, [He climbs up and joins his friends on the plateau. He pants, dripping with pee]"
Pee,Butters,Do you need to wash your hands?
Pee,Scene Description,The lake of pee. Cartman hangs on to a styrofoam ice chest.
Pee,Cartman,Help! Help!
Pee,Man 1,"Here! Hey kid, grab this stick! [a branch hangs off a Floom Zoom boat]"
Pee,Cartman,"Yes! Yes help me! Yes, help me I'm just a little boy! You have to help me! [grabs onto the branch and is hoisted onto the boat. He catches his breath] Oh, oh, oh. [sits up and looks around - it's all minorities in the boat]"
Pee,Man 2,Are you okay?
Pee,Cartman,"Haa-aa. Yes, thank you."
Pee,Man 2,Well what are we gonna do now?
Pee,Woman 1,We've gotta just wait it out.
Pee,Woman 2,"Yeah, but for how long?"
Pee,Man 3,We need to find somethin' to paddle with.
Pee,Cartman,"[pulls out a memo pad and pen and writes the following] Day one. It has happened. The Mayans were right. The only thing they got wrong was the date. It is 2009, and I appear to be the last of my species alive. Now it's just me, all alone, with minorities. What will the minorities do with me? I'm sure that's what's on all of their minds. I have to make myself seem useful to them or they will surely not let me live. [puts the pad and pen away somewhere...] Does anyone need medical help? I am a doctor. [the other survivors just look at him]"
Pee,Scene Description,The Marsh house. Sharon is on the phone in the living room while Shelly looks on from the kitchen doorway.
Pee,Sharon,"Randy, Randy, calm down. I can't understand what you're saying."
Pee,Randy,"It's the pee! It's all pee, and nobody can go in or out!"
Pee,Sharon,What is all pee?
Pee,Scene Description,Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot.
Pee,Randy,"Sharon, the water park had a pee meltdown! They think a lot of people have died."
Pee,Sharon,What?! What about Stan?! Is he okay?!
Pee,Randy,"I don't know! The whole water park has been quarantined! They're worried anyone left alive could be... sssome kind of raging, hate-filled mutants."
Pee,Sharon,"Randy, you've got to do something!"
Pee,Randy,"Calm down, Sharon, all right?! [shakes his head vigorously] Calm down! They're trying to find an antidote. Once they believe they can neutralize the enraging effects of the pee, they'll, they'll go in to look for survivors."
Pee,Fire Marshal,[on the phone with someone] I said keep the media out! If the public hears about this we'll have a full-scale panic on our hands! [hangs up] Damn it where is that antidote?!
Pee,Researcher 1,"[with red hair] Here! Here! We think we have it, sir! [three researchers walk into view] It's the best we could come up with in such a short time! We aren't sure of the ramifications, but it does appear to neutralize some particles of the urine."
Pee,Fire Marshal,"All right, let's test it. Bring in the monkeys! [three monkeys are wheeled in on dollies]"
Pee,Water Tester,"Let's hope to Christ this works. [each researcher takes a monkey and injects it with the antidote. Then they start pissing on the monkeys, and the monkeys protest almost immediately] No, damn it, no!"
Pee,Fire Marshal,They're still angry.
Pee,Researcher 1,This one's really angry.
Pee,Fire Marshal,"It's out of control! [quickly takes a gun from a police officer and shoots the middle monkey first, then the one on the left, then the one on the right. All of them die.] Find an antidote that works! [the researchers leave]"
Pee,Scene Description,"Stan, Jimmy, Kyle, and Butters make their way down the Mt. Everest attraction as the pee recedes."
Pee,Kyle,"Dude, why the hell aren't people coming to help us?"
Pee,Stan,I don't know. [they hear the sobs of a crying man nearby]
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Why? Why didn't Pi-Pi leesten? They tried to warn-a the Pi-Pi, but-a the Pi-Pi not-a belieeve them. [sobs some more. The boys approach him]"
Pee,Stan,Who are you?
Pee,Pi-Pi,"[stands up and faces them] Oh I, I'm so sohhry. This all-eh my fault. I should've-a shut my water park-a down when it reached-a ninety percent-a pee."
Pee,Kyle,"Yeah, well people should [looks at Stan and Butters] know that peeing in pools is [looks at Jimmy] bad!"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"But wait-a. Maybe you boys-a can help-a Pi-Pi. In-a the maintenance room-a there's the emergency release-a valve-a. If you open it, all this pee can be lowered."
Pee,Jimmy,Okay. W-where's the maintenance room?
Pee,Pi-Pi,"That is-a the problem. The maintenance room is a way down on the basement-a level. I would do it but-a Pi-Pi is-a no good at-a swimming. Somebody will have to dive-a down into the pee, then stay there to turn the release-a wheel. So, who can hold their breath-a the longest? [Stan, Butters and Jimmy all look at Kyle, who looks back at them]"
Pee,Kyle,[spreads his arms in refusal] NO!
Pee,Butters,"You said you could hold your breath the longest, Kyle."
Pee,Kyle,Not in pee!
Pee,Pi-Pi,"[grabs Kyle by the left wrist and pulls him away from his friends] Please-a you have to hurry! [lets go] I'll draw you-a the map, and instructions how to shut off-a the valve-a. It'll be as easy as-a peeing in the shower."
Pee,Kyle,[looks back at the other boys] Oh who pees in the shower?!
Pee,Stan,"...Well, it's not like if you suddenly have to pee, you're gonna get out of the shower."
Pee,Butters,"Well yeah, seeing all that running water always makes me need to pee."
Pee,Kyle,"You don't pee in the shower, dude. That's fucking disgusting!"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Boys-a please-a, we've got to get this-a boy to the drainage-a valve-a or we're all-a gonna die!"
Pee,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
Pee,Scene Description,Adrift in the Floom Zoom on Pi Pi Lake. Cartman whips out his memo pad and starts writing again.
Pee,Cartman,"It has been many, many hours since the Apocalypse, and all I keep thinking is ""Why me? Why am I the only one of my race God chose to survive in this minority-run world?"" When the smoke has cleared I'm sure the minorities will start rebuilding, building the world... in their way. I can see it now. Nooo... [imagines himself in class with a bunch of non-white students]"
Pee,Teacher,"[A black man] All right, Eric Cartman, let's hear your book report."
Pee,Cartman,"I read Treasure Island, because I was so happy when I saw that movie."
Pee,Teacher,Hey! You're living in a minority-speaking country now! Say it right!
Pee,Cartman,...because I was so happy when I seen that movie.
Pee,Teacher,Good.
Pee,Cartman,Noooo... [now imagines himself at a job interview] Trying to find a job will be even harder.
Pee,Señor Lopez,"You don't expect to make the same amount of money that minorities make, do ya?"
Pee,Cartman,"Well, I do just as much work."
Pee,Señor Lopez,[laughs] You're trash around here. You'll never make as much as a minority.
Pee,Cartman,Noooo... [now imagines himself at an open council meeting] Eventually the minorities will do away with me altogether.
Pee,Councilman,All those in favor of putting white people in camps?
Pee,Audience,Aye!
Pee,Councilman,All those opposed?
Pee,Cartman,Noooo...
Pee,Councilman,The minorities win! [Cartman comes out of his daydream]
Pee,Cartman,"[throws down his pad and pen and stands up] NO! No I don't wanna live in your world, do you understand?! Your world is cold and devoid of any humanity! Just kill me! Kill me now! DO IT! [turns away and squeezes his eyes shut.]"
Pee,Scene Description,The Mt. Everest attraction. Pi-Pi prepares Kyle for the descent to the basement. Kyle holds a piece of white paper and an index card.
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Okay, there. We are almost-a ready for the diving-a. Now if you run into any da problems you just tug-a three times on the cable and the Pi-Pi will-a pull you back-a to the surface."
Pee,Kyle,Let's just get this over with!
Pee,Pi-Pi,You've got-a the map and-a Pi-Pi's instructions?
Pee,Kyle,Yes.
Pee,Pi-Pi,Good-a. Now just one last thing. [takes a glass jar sitting next to him and scoops some pee into it] You need to drink-a some pee.
Pee,Kyle,What?!
Pee,Pi-Pi,You just need to drink about-a three cups of pee.
Pee,Kyle,Why?!
Pee,Pi-Pi,"You swim-a down deep in the pee, you get-a the pressure, the bendza. You have to fill-a inside your body with some-a pee to compensate."
Pee,Stan,"That's true dude, didn't you see The Abyss?"
Pee,Kyle,"[drops the papers on the ground] I am not, NOT, d-rinking pee!"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"But only you can hold-a the breath a long time, just swim down and-a release the valve! If-eh you don't you get-a the benza, then you fail and we all-a die!"
Pee,Stan,"Just drink the pee, Kyle."
Pee,Butters,"Please, Kyle, I wanna go home."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"What's-a the problem? When-a you pee either in the toilet or in the shower it all goes to the sewer. The sewer all goes-a to the ocean, the ocean is the water we all drink, we are always drinking-a the pee!"
Pee,Kyle,That doesn't make me feel better! I wouldn't even be able to keep it down.
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Sure you will, you drank only pee for nine months when you lived-a in your mother's belly."
Pee,Kyle,No!
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot, afternoon."
Pee,Water Tester,"Make way! Make way! I need to speak to the fire marshal! Sir! Sir, I just got off the phone with my colleagues at the university! They've also been testing antidotes on monkeys! They're claiming that they've had success using simple Musa acuminata."
Pee,Researcher 2,"[balding, with gray hair] Wait, you mean a banana."
Pee,Water Tester,Yes.
Pee,Fire Marshal,"Is it possible... the antidote is something as simple as a banana? Get another monkey! [another monkey is brought forth strapped to a dolly] All right, Connors. [Officer connors offers a banana to the monkey, who takes a bite of it after a few seconds. A researcher steps up and starts peeing on the monkey. The monkey doesn't mind it, but just takes another bite of the banana.]"
Pee,Fireman 2,"Holy God, it works!"
Pee,Police Captain,"All right, let's start moving in, everyone! Check the-"
Pee,Water Tester,"Hold on, ih it is a promising lead, but this antidote hasn't yet been tested on a human."
Pee,Randy,"I'll do it. [the officers and firefighters make way for Randy.] You can test the antidote on me. [two researchers take Randy and sit him down in the dolly, then strap him in.]"
Pee,Fire Marshal,[walks up to Randy] You sure you want to do this?
Pee,Randy,"Give me the banana. [the balding researcher walks to him and gives him the banana. Randy takes a bite. The fire marshal unzips his pants and starts peeing on Randy's face.] Ugh. Awgh. Aaagh! Awwwwgh! Awwgh, wagh. [tries his best to keep his cool, but shakes his head] Aww, ooogh, Aaaaaaaah."
Pee,Researcher 3,He looks agitated...
Pee,Randy,"Aaaaaahhh. Aw, awww."
Pee,Fire Marshal,"He's losin' it! Stevens, your gun! [Stevens moves to hand his gun to the fire marshal]"
Pee,Randy,"No, wait, wait! Ugh. Eugh. I... I'm okay."
Pee,Water Tester,He's all right!
Pee,Fireman 3,The banana worked!
Pee,Scene Description,"The Mt. Everest attraction. Kyle is still up top holding the glass of pee, not daring to drink it."
Pee,Stan,"Come on, dude!"
Pee,Kyle,I'm thinking about it!
Pee,Jimmy,"Well it's probably bu-better if you don't think about it, Kyle."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"There's no more time-a. You have to drink-a the pee NOW! [Kyle begins to drink it, then stops]"
Pee,Kyle,"Gah, ah. [swallows once more] Gaagh."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Come on, you have to drink aaall-a the peeeee."
Pee,Butters,"You can do it, Kyle!"
Pee,Kyle,Aaahh. Well- [gulps down the rest of the glass and throws the glass away] AAAAH! [the glass breaks on a boulder off screen]
Pee,Pi-Pi,"All right, now you can open the release-a valve. Okay, so let's-a- [some helicopters are heard approaching]"
Pee,Butters,[points to them] Hey look! [the helicopters are shown. Randy looks out from one of them]
Pee,Randy,[waving a small red shoe] Stan! [steps aside so the firefighters can drop down a rope ladder]
Pee,Stan,"All right, they finally came for us. [he, Butters and Jimmy have wide smiles]"
Pee,Kyle,[pissed off] ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?! [more rope ladders drop down from the other helicopters as the rescuers cheer]
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot, afternoon. Paramedics check out the survivors. The camera pans right to show Randy walking with Kyle, Stan, Jimmy, and Butters."
Pee,Randy,"[stops] Wait here a minute, Stan, I'm gonna call your mother. [walks away]"
Pee,Cartman,Guys? Guys! [walks into view and hugs Stan] Oh it's true! You all did survive!
Pee,Butters,"Hawww, you lived?"
Pee,Cartman,"Oh my God, you guys! I really thought I was the only non-minority on Earth! How many of our species survived?"
Pee,Kyle,"That wasn't the Mayan apocalypse, you racist idiot."
Pee,Cartman,"It wasn't? So then, you mean... we do have until 2012. Well, it may be only three years, but... I intend to live those precious years to the fullest!"
Pee,Kyle,Will somebody just get me to a hospital? I need to get my stomach pumped!
Pee,Stan,"Aw come on. It was just a little pee, Kyle."
Pee,Kyle,"Goddamnit, don't you get it?! I hate pee! I'm grossed out by pee! The only thing I find more disgusting than pee is bananas!"
Pee,Water Tester,"All right everyone, quick! Here you go!"
Pee,Butters,What's this?
Pee,Fire Marshal,You all need to eat your banana immediately!
Pee,Kyle,What the hell for?!
Pee,Stevens,[cocks his gun and aims at Kyle] Eat the banana or we have to put you down!
Pee,Kyle,[frustrated] AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Windermere Florida, Thanksgiving night, 2009, 2:15 am. There's fighting inside a mansion as a couple screams at each other"
Sexual Healing,Man,"Put it down, you bitch!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Mansion, inside. The camera is focused on the dining room table and slowly pulls back. A golf club strikes a dirty dish and smashes it apart"
Sexual Healing,Man,"Put the golf club down, you crazy bitch! [it's Tiger Woods, cowering behind a chair]"
Sexual Healing,Woman,"[smashes some more dishes] You motherfucker! I never should have married you! [Elin, with a bad Swedish accent]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"You're overreacting, you stupid Swedish cow!"
Sexual Healing,Elin,Then why-a the fuck are you getting a text-a message from some-a low-life-a hooker on Thanksgiving?!
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"God, shut up! [runs out of the dining room] Shut! Up! [enters his den and starts rummaging through a drawer] Where are my fucking pills?! [finds them, takes a bunch, and swallows them]"
Sexual Healing,Elin,"Oh yeah! Take more vitamins, Tiger! That'll help!!"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,Will you just listen to me?!
Sexual Healing,Elin,"Listen to this-a! [runs up to him and whacks him across the face as he turns to face her, leaving a bleeding gash across his right cheek]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,[winces] Aaaah! [looks at her] You fucking whore!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Outside the front door. Tiger leaves the house and goes to his SUV, wiping himself clean. Elin follows him to the front door"
Sexual Healing,Elin,Oh where the fuck do ya think-a you're going?!
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"I'm getting the fuck away from you! [opens the drivers' side door and gets in the SUV. Elin approaches that door with the club. Tiger starts the engine, and Elin starts swinging at the left rear door]"
Sexual Healing,Elin,"Open the door, you motherfucker! [Tiger peels away]"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,A videogame store. Cartman and Kenny are playing a golf game featuring Tiger and Elin. The preceding scenes were from that game
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"[playing as Tiger] Ooo yeah, take that from me in the car, Kenny! [Stan and Kyle walk into the store and spot the other two boys]"
Sexual Healing,Stan,What are you guys doing?
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, check it out! It's EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour '11 for Xbox. [onscreen, Elin is chasing the SUV and leaving cracks in the rear windows with each swing of the club]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"D'Aaaah! Fuck you, cunt!"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Stop breaking through the window, Kenny! Whoa, I'm gonna crash I'm gonna crash! [Cartman loses control of the SUV, which hits a fire hydrant, then a tree. Elin catches up to the SUV as Tiger opens the door and staggers out, a bit dazed. The radiator is letting out steam]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"Aw, look what you did, you crazy bitch!"
Sexual Healing,Elin,"It serves you right, you cheating turd! [swings at him and misses]"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Oh dude, was that a combo move?"
Sexual Healing,Kenny,"(Yeah dude, I fucked you up.)"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, here come the cops! We've gotta lie to them. Hit X to lie."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Wow, I didn't know golf games were this cool."
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Yeah dude, EA Sports outdid themselves this time."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,Center for Disease Control and Prevention - the CDC - day. A table full of experts and doctors is assembled on the top floor
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"I've gathered you together here because you are the best minds our country has to offer. As you've all seen on the news, our country is facing a major crisis, and we need to find out what's causing it. [the men glance at each other] Why? Why are rich successful men suddenly going out and trying to have sex with lots of women?"
Sexual Healing,Expert 1,"[with mustache and black coat] Tiger Woods was only the most prevalent, but our data shows that the numbers are growing. David Letterman and before that, Bill Clinton. There's a pattern here, people."
Sexual Healing,Expert 2,"[with mustache and midnight blue coat] Why would a man who's famous and makes tons of money use that and have sex with lots of different women? [glances at the woman to his left, then looks ahead again]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"[stands up] Aand these rich celebrities have perfectly good wives at home. Why would they even think of sex with others? Dammit! [pounds the table with his right fist, but manages only a soft blow] I want answers!"
Sexual Healing,Expert 3,"[balding, with lab coat] We believe that it may be an outbreak of sex addiction, sir."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,[sits down] Sex awhowho?
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"[glasses and lab coat] It's a new phenomena we don't completely understand yet, but it... seems to make people... different. Of course, we all know the normal healthy male thinks only of sex occasionally and has no desire for sex with multiple partners. [the other men murmur in agreement]"
Sexual Healing,Expert 5,Definitely true.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Yes, we all know that, go on."
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"But in the sex addict, their entire lives are consumed with thoughts of wanting more and more. The mere sight of an attractive woman could... can make them think about sex with her."
Sexual Healing,Expert 6,[with fat cheeks] But what about love? How could tons of fame and money make you forget about love? [looks at the woman to his right]
Sexual Healing,Chairman,What could be causing this outbreak of sexual addiction?
Sexual Healing,Expert 7,"[black] It could be caused by something in the water supply. Uh, perhaps even by - global warming."
Sexual Healing,Expert 8,[Japanese ancestry] Or cooling.
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,Yes
Sexual Healing,Expert 7,"If.so, then the disease could start to affect our children"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,That does it! [pounds the table softly] I want health screening at all our nation's schools! We need to find out if any young people might be carrying this disease.
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, 4th Grade classroom. A researcher stands before the class with a clipboard"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Good afternoon, students. We are going to be a doing a health screening today. It won't take long, it'll be relatively painless, but we need to see if any students are showing... symptoms. [to his left is a cart with two beakers, a tray, and a picture resting against the legs] I'n a moment, I'm going to show you a suggestive picture. [puts the tray on the middle shelf of the cart and picks up the picture] And then I'm going to ask you a question about that picture. Alright, ready? Here we go. [turns the picture around and a naked couple appears, caressing. The class gasps]"
Sexual Healing,The class,Oh! Wow. Ohhh.
Sexual Healing,Kenny,[cheering] (Woo hoo!)
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Jesus, dude."
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Holy moly, what's that between the lady's legs? It's all bushy."
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Please just study the picture the best you can, students. I'll then ask you the question which you'll answer on the paper provided."
Sexual Healing,Butters,[pointing] I've never seen that part of a lady! Do they all got a hedge like that? Do they??
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Okay, very good. [sets the picture down against the cart again] Now, what color... was the handkerchief in the nice lady's hand? Write down your answer, please: what color was the handkerchief... in the nice lady's hand?"
Sexual Healing,Butters,[to Clyde] Did you see that bush on that lady?? What the heck was that??
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Very good, turn your answers over please. [the students turn their sheets over]"
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Gee whiz, it was like almost up to her belly button!"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Alright, now, who answered that the handkerchief was... yellow? [most of the kids raise their hands] Very good, very good indeed. Now I'd like to see who answered ""What handkerchief?"" [Kenny is the first to raise his hand. Kyle is nervous and looks around, but then raises his left hand. Butters looks over at them and then raises his left hand] A-ha! You three boys, please come with me. [heads for the door as Kyle, Kenny, and Butters leave their seats]"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"I didn't see a handkerchief. Did you see a handkerchief, Kenny?"
Sexual Healing,Kenny,"(Fuck no, I wasn't looking at a handkerchief!)"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"a small unused office at school. The researcher takes the boys into the office, has them sit at a table, and sits opposite them"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"I'm sorry boys, but I'm afraid you three have tested positive for sex addiction."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,What?!
Sexual Healing,Butters,Oh no!
Sexual Healing,Kenny,[annoyed] (Who fuckin' cares?)
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"We're gonna have to send you home, I'm afraid."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Wait, we're sex addicts? Uh-are you sure?"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Our nice-lady-with-the-handkerchief test is extremely comprehensive and thorough. I'm sorry, but you're simply too dangerous to have around normal, well-adjusted students."
Sexual Healing,Butters,It was just... so big and bushy sir. Why does it look like that?
Sexual Healing,Kyle,So what happens to us now?
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"[sighs and rises from his chair, walking off] A life of desperation and anguish, I'm afraid. Your addiction will start off slowly - magazines, Internet sites - but then, as you keep chasing your high your tastes will get more and more dangerous. Most likely you'll end up going the way of David Carradine and Michael Hutchence: autoerotic asphyxiation."
Sexual Healing,Kenny,(Autoerotic asphyxiation? What's that?)
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"I don't want to go into too much detail but... you choke yourself with a belt around your neck while masturbating dressed up like Batman or something, then you pass out from lack of air and apparently it makes your orgasm super awesome."
Sexual Healing,Kenny,(Really??)
Sexual Healing,Butters,Oh no. I don't wanna have to buy a Batman costume.
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"CDC Headquarters, day. The chairman and his board address the public"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Ladies and gentlemen, for the past several days we've been screening our nation's schools for signs of sex addiction. The results of our tests are troubling to say the least. Dr. Tonton?"
Sexual Healing,Dr. Tonton,"[expert 9, as it turns out. He heads to a chart] In fourth graders, five percent of male students were found to be sex addicts. By sixth grade the number goes up to thirty percent. At high schools, nearly ninety-one percent of male students answered, ""What handkerchief?"""
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"We're facing a sex addiction epidemic in our country. Young people all over America are infected, and at extreme risk to themselves and to the people around them. [Kyle watches this on TV from his bed] They're leading lives of secret pain."
Sexual Healing,Reporter 1,And so these infected boys will soon be secretly wishing they could be having sex all the time with lots of different people?
Sexual Healing,Chairman,It appears so.
Sexual Healing,Reporter 1,The poor bastards!
Sexual Healing,Reporter 2,But what about us normal healthy adults? Are we at risk of exposure?
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"We don't believe so. In adult males, for whatever reason, sex addiction only seems to be problematic amongst rich successful celebrities. [Randy watches this on TV from bed. Sharon is beside him reading a book instead] However, we are still collecting data, and all-"
Sexual Healing,Randy,Why would wealth and success cause a man to go out and have sex with everyone he could?
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"-answers which we all desire. [next scene is the McCormick living room] Whatever is causing this outbreak, we guarantee we will find it! [Mrs. McCormick comes out with a pizza]"
Sexual Healing,Mrs. McCormick,"Kenny, it's time for dinner! [goes upstairs to Kenny's room and looks inside] Kenny? [turns around and gasps. Kenny had hanged himself from his closet door with a belt while dressed in a Batman suit and masturbating to a magazine. His left hand is tucked inside the tights, around the genitals] AAAA!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Kenny's funeral, day."
Sexual Healing,Priest,"Sunset and Evening Star, and one clear call for me, and may their be no moaning of the bar when I put out to sea."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Oh God, it's true."
Sexual Healing,Priest,"But such a tide as moving seems asleep, too full for sound and foam, when that which drew from out the boundless deep t-"
Sexual Healing,Butters,"There! It was like that! It looked just like that! [stands on his chair and points to a bush, then walks over to it] Just like this, buh, but smaller, and right in the place where her underwear should've been. If I trim it down, it'll look right.."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"[reaching him] Butters! Butters, stop it!"
Sexual Healing,Butters,[fights Kyle off] But this is what I keep seeing in my head!
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"[pulls him away from the bush] Butters, we are sick! Don't you get it?! We're gonna end up just like Kenny!"
Sexual Healing,Butters,"[fights Kyle off again] No, uh, if I can just see it again, I, I'll be fine."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"No! Butters, stop! [slaps him]"
Sexual Healing,Butters,Haah! Leave me alone! [reaches for the bush again]
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Stop it! Stop! [pulls him back and flings him to the ground. They fight for a few seconds, then break down and cry out] Oh God! Oh God, help us!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour '11. Tiger is about to tee off.
Sexual Healing,Commentator,Tiger... lines up his drive. He'll be hoping for a birdie here. Concentration is key.
Sexual Healing,Elin,[runs into the scene from screen right with her own golf club] You motherfucker! I never should have married you! [starts hitting him with it]
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"Aaagh! Goddamnit, stop it! [blocks her club with his, as in a sword fight, and now they trade blows]"
Sexual Healing,Elin,How many women did you fuck-a?! How many?!
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Aw dude, I clocked you!"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"I told you this game was sweet, dude."
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Hang on, hang on, I'm switching to a 7-iron. [Elin gets a new club and her swings get faster]"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Oh! O-oh! Oh man, I lost another endorsement! How'd you do that?"
Sexual Healing,Stan,Hit A and X together.
Sexual Healing,Announcer,Round 2. Fight!! [Tiger and Elin face off again and start swinging]
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Oh, you're going down, Elin!"
Sexual Healing,Stan,"I don't think so dude, I got the pre-nup power-up."
Sexual Healing,Announcer,Pre-nup power-up. [a pre-nuptial agreement appears onscreen and then flies off. Elin swings and Tiger a few more times and he's on the grass on his back]
Sexual Healing,Cartman,Oh no! [Elin continues beating up Tiger] Pre-nup? Weak. When'd you get that power-up?
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Karne Institute for Sexual Addiction, day. ""A New Tomorrow, Yesterday."""
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"All right, sex addicts. What other destructive behaviors that we engaged in that led to our ultimate downfall? [on the dry-erase board are three examples: ""Sex Shop Visits, Sex With Hookers, Going To Strip Clubs""] Anyone have another example? Let's see, how about... David!"
Sexual Healing,David Letterman,"Haha, Oh, ahh, having sex with employees."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"[writing on the board] ""Sex with employees."" Definitely a danger there. What else? Uh, Mr. Clinton."
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,Putting cigars in girls' vaginas?
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Very good, Billy. [writing on the board] ""cigars in vaginas."" Not the best idea there."
Sexual Healing,Charlie Sheen,Watching Internet porn all day every day?
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Spot on, Charlie Sheen! Excessive [writing on the board] ""Internet porn."" Now, the reason we are making this list is that we have new members today. I want you all to welcome Kyle and Bummers. The men all turn to look at the boys, who are seated in the last row."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,Hello?
Sexual Healing,The men,"Hey Kyle, hi Kyle."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"And would you care to share your stories with us, boys?"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Well, I just found out I'm a sex addict. I'm so scared, I haven't even told my mom yet."
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,Does your mom have big tits?
Sexual Healing,Therapist,Billy!
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,[sheepishly] Sorry...
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Me, I just... Well I just can't stop thinking about bush."
Sexual Healing,Ben Roethlisberger,I heard that.
Sexual Healing,Butters,"I mean it's like, what is it? What does it mean? Why would there be a bush right there? Is it a live bush? Are there berries?"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Mr. Duchovny, please stop jerking off!"
Sexual Healing,David Duchovny,"[stops] Aw, gee whiz!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"CDC labs, day."
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"To better understand the sex addiction outbreak, we've been running tests on chimpanzees. [an enclosure full of chimps is shown] You can see that this entire community of specimens are getting along normally, some pairing off, others on their own, but now see this chimp here. [a chimp is shown sitting peacefully scratching himself here and there] An average adult normal male blending in seamlessly with the others. Now watch. We're going to give it a lot of money. [presses a button and speaks into a mic] Go ahead. [two researchers walk into the enclosure and dump lots of dollar bills on the peaceful chimp and walk out. The chimp looks at the money and starts getting excited. He stands up and grins widely, then walks around with dollars bills in his hands. He walks up to a chimp with a baby chimp in her hands and bangs her from behind. She lets the baby go. The male chimp moves on to the next female and bangs her face to face, then he moves to the third female and bangs her from behind. ]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,My God...
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"Yes... [the chimp goes on to bang two other females and an angry chimp is heard in the background. She comes out in curlers, robe, and slippers, and wields a rolling pin. She approaches the male chimp and beats him up with the rolling pin, then walks away as he writhes on the ground. The other chimps hoot and holler, and one of them throws feces at him] The subject is now isolated and shunned."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Incredible. And, and what's it doing now?"
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,Making a public apology on its talk show. [and so it is]
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Karne Institute for Sexual Addiction, day."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Alrighty. Now, we all know the destructive behaviors that got us into this predicament, don't we? What is the main thing we've all learned to avoid? [Tiger raises his hand] Yes, Tiger?"
Sexual Healing,Tiger Woods,Avoid drugs? And alcohol?
Sexual Healing,The other men,Auugh!
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"No, no, Tiger, you still aren't getting it. [Kyle has a memo pad and pen, Butters is trimming a small bonsai tree] In order to make sure we are no longer destroying our lives with any of these behaviors, we must avoid... anyone? Avoid getting... anyone?"
Sexual Healing,Michael Douglas,Caught.
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Yes, Michael Douglas! Everyone!"
Sexual Healing,The Men,Getting caught.
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Very good! You are all here in therapy [draws a big circle around the destructive behaviors and writes ""CAUGHT"" over them] because you got caught! So how do we avoid getting caught? Ben Rothlisberger?"
Sexual Healing,Ben Rothlisberger,Don't screw girls in the public bathrooms?
Sexual Healing,David Letterman,"When they uh ask you for money, pay them."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Good, yes!"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Whoa, hang on! We shouldn't be learning how not to get caught. We have to take responsibility for our actions. [Butters stops trimming the tree, the men all look at Kyle]"
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,[breaks the silence] What the fuck are you talkin' about?
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Well, ah I mean, we have to accept that we have a problem, and put the blame completely on ourselves. I mean, maybe this isn't really even a disease. [the therapist turns around and walks away from the group, then places a call]"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Yeah, it's me. We've got a turd in the punch bowl. I repeat, we have a turd in the punch bowl."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"The White House, Oval Office, day. The chairman of the CDC and a researcher are talking to President Obama"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Mr. President, in every test the results were the same. The monkeys who were given cash always acted out their sexual addiction to dangerous levels. It appears that money has a direct effect on the virus's ability to develop."
Sexual Healing,Obama,So we must keep our nation's youth away from money and success.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"No good, Mr. President. Because we've learned that sex addicts will find ways to make money and become successful in order to feed their addiction."
Sexual Healing,Obama,You mean boys will start working towards being rich and successful just so they can one day have sex with lots of women??
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Yes. That's why we decided to look at the cash itself for clues! We tried to find something in the hundred dollar bill that could explain why this is happening now. Then we looked at the backside, and found this. [points to the picture of Independence Hall on the back of the bill] Independence Hall."
Sexual Healing,Obama,The birthplace of our country.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,We believe something is happening in Independence Hall that gives money its power over men.
Sexual Healing,Obama,"Independence Hall... Independence Day... Aliens... Gentlemen, I might know what's causing the sex addiction outbreak. This is highly classified, but... in 1947 a flying saucer was discovered in Roswell, New Mexico. Two deceased alien bodies were recovered and hidden from public knowledge. They carried... a virus with them. A virus that only barely stopped from spreading all over the country."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,And you think that these aliens... could be back with a new virus? One originating from Independence Hall causing rich successful men to have sex with lots of women?!
Sexual Healing,Obama,"[seriously] It's the only explanation that makes any sense. [glances at Michelle, who doesn't react, then looks at the chairman again]"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Tiger Woods' press conference. ""I WAS UNFAITHFUL, HAD AFFAIRS, AND I CHEATED."""
Sexual Healing,Tiger,I want to say that I am deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I know that I have severely disappointed all of you. Some have speculated that my wife somehow hurt or attacked me on Thanksgiving Night. It angers me that people would fabricate a story like that. She has shown nothing but grace and poise-
Sexual Healing,Elin,[off-stage] You motherfucker!
Sexual Healing,Tiger,Oh no!
Sexual Healing,Elin,I should have never married [jumps out from behind the curtain and whacks him with a golf club] youuu! [continues whacking him]
Sexual Healing,Tiger,Agh! Stop it!
Sexual Healing,Elin,A porn star?! You screwed a porn star?! [the camera pulls back to reveal the video game the boys were playing earlier]
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, you found another girl's phone number on my cell phone??"
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Yeah, back in that water level. [looks over at the front door, then back at the game] Is Kyle still at sex-addiction therapy? That must be really intense."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,A military helicopter in the night sky. Kyle and Butters are with the other addicts
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Okay so, what exactly are we doing now?"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,[sighs heavily] We are on our way to help take of your diseases once and for all!
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Oh good, 'cause I really can't take it anymore."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Don't worry, as soon as it's dead everything will make sense."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,...As soon as what's dead? [the men groan]
Sexual Healing,Therapist,The infected alien that they just discovered is hiding out at Independence Hall!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Independence Hall, night. Police, SWAT, and firefighters swarm the grounds and police barricades are put up. The front doors blow off their hinges and the SWAT team moves in."
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 1,"Entrance is clear, Mr. President. [Obama leads the chairman and other CDD officials into the front room of the building]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Mr. President, you aren't safe here. Let us handle this."
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 2,Right side clear!
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,We must be careful. The alien could have cast some kind of spell of invisibility.
Sexual Healing,Obama,[softly] Which would mean that the alien is also a wizard.
Sexual Healing,Expert 10,"Yes! It explains everything! A wizard alien would be able to cast a spell on our species, causing all the men to become sex addicts."
Sexual Healing,Obama,Enough! We need to find the wizard alien and break his spell.
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 2,"[chuckles] Okay okay alright alright, hang, hang on guys. I mean, come on, this is getting a little ridiculous. Wizard aliens? We all know what's going on here, don't we? Whenever a story breaks about some rich famous guy going around and having sex with tons of girls, we all wanna act like we don't understand it, but we do. We're guys, you know? Our brains are wired to strive to be the alpha male and get all the women we can. [walks into an open area in the room] I mean, look where we are. Even, even Benjamin Franklin screwed everything that moved. Because he could. We don't have to condone what these rich, famous people do, but... we can at least admit that, given the same temptations and opportunities that somebody like Tiger Woods has, a lot of us guys might do somethin' similar. [Obama thinks this over...]"
Sexual Healing,Obama,[speaks into a mic strapped to his wrist] We have a turd in the punch bowl.
Sexual Healing,Secret Service Agent,Turd in the punch bowl. [the other SWAT members close in on him]
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 2,"Hey, what are you doin- No. No, come on. [and take him away] Where are you takin' me?"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,News 4 news break. A reporter and camera are outside Independence Hall
Sexual Healing,News 4 Reporter,"Ten city blocks have been shut down because an alien is believed to have taken refuge here in Independence Hall. By all accounts, the alien is also a wizard, who could very easily be the cause of the outbreak of sex addiction in our country. [everyone in the Hall is moving around cautiously, with flashlights on.]"
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 3,"[voice only] Mr. President, here they are. [all flashlights point towards the source of the voice. The SWAT officers make way for the therapist, Kyle, and Butters]"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"This is the boy I told you about. And his friend, Bummers."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Son, we were told that you think sex addiction can be controlled. That it just takes restraint. Is that true?"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,I just think I'd rather... control it instead of blame it on anything.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,A-mazing. Then the wizard alien spell might not have any power over him! He could draw the bastard out!
Sexual Healing,Obama,"Quick, give that boy a gun! [a SWAT officer gives him a rifle]"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,What?
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 3,You'd better take one too. [gives Butters a rifle]
Sexual Healing,Obama,"Alright, everyone to the stairwell. The bastard's gotta be upstairs. [moves towards the stairs as well]"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,What bastard?
Sexual Healing,Obama,"[looks back at Kyle] The alien wizard hiding out here! Come on, we've got tuh- [a muffled voice is heard]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,[on the stairs] The hell was that?
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 4,"I got a baaad feelin' about this. [behind Kyle and Butters, a door opens and the kidnapped SWAT officer stumbles out with his hands tied in front of him and holding a wand, wearing a huge green mascot head of an alien with ogre ears, a white beard, and a wizard's hat.]"
Sexual Healing,Dr. Tonton,Oh my God there it is!
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"It's the alien wizard! It's gonna get you boys! Shoot it! [a strobe light flickers on and off, blinding the bound SWAT officer, who stumbles around trying to free himself]"
Sexual Healing,Obama,Shoot it boys!
Sexual Healing,Expert 6,You have to shoot it! [Kyle fires a shot]
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Shoot it again, it's still alive! [Butters fires a shot]"
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 5,You gotta reload! [the boys reload slowly]
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"Keep firing, boys! Shoot it in the heart! [Kyle fires a shot]"
Sexual Healing,Obama,Keep shooting it!
Sexual Healing,Expert 11,"Shoot him in his blabber mouth! [Kyle fires again, then Butters fires a shot, and the SWAT officer falls to the floor dead. The strobe light keeps flashing just in case]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"My God, they've done it!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,Outside Independence Hall. The sex addicts dance around and moan gleefully
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,Look! The sex addiction! It's leavin' my body!
Sexual Healing,David Letterman,I can feel it! I'm free!
Sexual Healing,Another addict,We are healed!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"The White House, day. President Obama addresses the nation from the South Lawn. ""Sexual Healing"" plays in the background"
Sexual Healing,Obama,"We watched... as sex addiction ran rampant through our country. It devastated families. But once again, our great country has risen up as one. The wizard alien... is dead. Sex addiction is no more. And if a rich celebrity is caught again trying to screw lots of women, we will know it isn't because men are just like that, it's because a wizard alien has cast his mighty spell. [the crowd on the lawn jumps up and cheers]"
Sexual Healing,Randy,"[watching this on TV in the bedroom] Oh I'm so glad it's over, Sharon. Aren't you? [Sharon isn't paying any attention, preferring to read a book]"
Sexual Healing,News 4 Reporter,"We are now with the young boys who helped stop the alien. Boys, how does it feel to be free of your illness?"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,[unsure] I guess it... feels great. Thanks. [Butters looks pissed off]
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Yeah, it feels great! I never wanna see bush again! [swats the reporter's hand away and walks towards the camera] I finally paid a lady to show me hers. You wanna know what's under that bush? Nothin' but a pair of sick Joker lips."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Tiger Woods' press conference. ""I AM RETURNING TO GOLF IN 3 WEEKS."""
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"I am so happy that I am cured, and no longer have any desire to have sex with anyone but my beautiful wife. Now I can be faithful. And my wife won't feel any need to get revenge by sleeping with a bunch of guys. [she glances at him, he glances at her, she glances back at him] So I officially announce my return to golf."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour '11. Tiger tees off and the audience claps approvingly. The ball reaches 350 yards. Nothing more exciting happens
Sexual Healing,Cartman,What the hell?! This game's all boring now!
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Yeah, where's all the fighting?"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, screw this! [gets off the sofa and throws his controller to the floor, then walks away] Who wants to hit a dumb little ball around?!"
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Yeah, golf is stupid again. [gets off the sofa and tosses his controller onto the sofa, then follows Cartman out]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Fourth Grade class. The bell rings and Mr. Garrison enters with a box of books."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Okay kids, let's take our seats. [sets the box down on the desk] There has been a change in school policy, and so I'm assigning you all a book to read."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"[sarcastically, folds his arms together] Aww, books? God, I hate those!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Now, kids, this book is very controversial and has just been taken off the banned books list. [the book in question is J.D. Salinger's The Catcher In The Rye]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,Oh really? Sweet.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"It's called The Catcher In The Rye, and it has some very... risqué parts... [begins handing out the books individually]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,All right!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,...and strong vulgar language...
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"(Awesome, dude!)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,...and in fact many schools across the country still ban this book because it's thought to be so inappropriate.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Oho man, I can't wait!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Tonight I want you to read chapters one through five, and tomorrow we'll discuss the-"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"No on, come on, let's read it now!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, didn't the guy who shot John Lennon say it was because of this book?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Uh-yes, apparently John Lennon's killer said he was inspired by The Catcher In The Rye, but he was just a kook! [jabs his left index finger at the floor]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Whoa, you're telling us this book is filthy, inappropriate, and made a guy shoot the king of hippies? Can we please read this right now?!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"You will read it at home, [jabs his left index finger at the floor again, then puts his palms on his hips] and you will all be mature about its adult themes and language!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Class,Awww!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, that afternoon. Kyle is reading at his desk, Stan is on the floor next to Kyle's bed reading. Kyle is almost finished with the book while Stan is halfway through it."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,Did you get to any dirty parts yet?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"No, it's still just some whiny, annoying teenager talking about how lame he is."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"[turns the page] I don't get it dude, w-what's so controversial about this? All he's done is said ""shit"" and ""fuck"" a few times."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,I know. I'm almost at the end and there's nothing. [the door opens and a pissed-off Cartman enters and closes the door]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Motherfucker! [Kyle turns around to face him, Stan stands up and walks up to him] The whole thing! I read the whole fucking thing! I kept thinking, ""alright, I guess the cool offensive stuff must be coming,"" and then after like a hundred pages I was like ""alright, I guess all the dirty stuff is at the end,"" and then I got to the last page, and I was all ""the fuck is this?! I just read a book! For nothing!"""
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,[picks up his book] Why the hell was this book banned?!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"They fucking tricked us, that's what they did! Tricked us into reading a book by, enticing us with promises of vulgarity! [the door opens again and Kenny enters with his book]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"(Dude, what the fuck is so filthy or offensive in here?)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"We know, we were just saying that."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,Why would anyone think this book so obscene or dangerous?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, same time. He's reading the book at the kitchen table with an odd look in his eyes. He sets the book down"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Kill John Lennon... [leaves his chair and walks across the kitchen] Kill John Lennon... Kill John Lennon... [reaches into a bottom drawer and pulls out a large steak knife] Kill John Lennon! [walks by his dad's study and stops to look in] Hey dad, where does John Lennon live?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,"John Lennon's dead, Butters."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,[lowers the knife instantly] Aww. Dangit. [drops it and walks away]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Dude, some people really do consider this obscene."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"It's not obscene, dude! I'll show them fucking obscene!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Hey yeah, we should write our own banned book. [Kyle breaks into a grin]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Yeah, we could get a book banned way more than this one."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Yeah, sweet."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,(Awesome.)
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"[starts typing] The Tale of... [can't think of anything, so his smile disappears]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,The Tale of... Scrotie McDickinass.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"(No, No, Scrotie McBoogerballs)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Oh that's, [giggles] yeah that's good, that's good. Alright, chapter... one..."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"It was a... a warm spring morning. [background music plays and a montage follows. Next is the school playground where, as other kids play, Stan and the other three sit on the steps of a side entrance and continue working on their book, with Cartman taking notes Next is Stan's room where Stan is typing the next part of the book. The boys are having fun with the writing. Next scene is in Cartman's room where Cartman is again writing the story down. Kyle has brought Ike over for company. Finally, a few days later, Sharon enters Stan's room to put away his clean clothes. She puts away some underwear, but notices something in the drawer. Under Stan's shirts is the manuscript to the story the boys have been working on. Sharon reaches for it.]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Stan's room, day. Sharon grabs the manuscript and begins reading it"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"""The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs""? [goes to the first page] ""It was a warm summer morning when Scrotie McBoogerballs awoke to find his""... [reads silently] Ew. ""He took a..."" [stunned] What? Oh. OH! Oh my God! ""He then grabbed his dog's"" [stifles a gag but can't hold it in, and barfs] Ehohoh, oh my God! ""Walking out of his house he spotted the bloodiest pus-covered"" [tries not to barf again, but can't hold it in] Nooo! Nooo! [reads some more, but then coughs, then barfs] Noho! Nooo! [Sharon then falls unconscious and rolls on her back]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"The Marsh kitchen, downstairs. Sharon races down with the manuscript..."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Randy? [spots him working on a small wooden ship and runs in] Randy! Randy, you need to read this!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,Read what?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,This book! Our son and his friends wrote it!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,So?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Soo? Randy, it's, it's, it's really good!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,Huh?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"I mean it's disgusting. [hands the manuscript over to him] It's, it's the most disgusting thing I've ever read, but, the plot is amazing. And the characters are so... vivid!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"""It was a warm summer morning when Scrotie McBoogerballs awoke to find hi-"" Ew, Sharon, gross!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Nono, just keep reading."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"""He took a- and then-"" Oh, man. Oh, this- [turns to his left and barfs on the floor. Sharon turns away and shields herself]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"I know. I know, Randy, but trust me. You've gotta push through to the end."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"Noo, noo, that's just WRONG!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,Randy please! You've got to listen to me!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"""Walking out of the house he found a bloody pu-"" What? ""He immediately stuck up his im...fected ba-"" [barfs again. He spends a couple hours more reading, and finally reaches the last few pages. There's a pail in front of him now, but the vomit has gone all over the place. He has a small towel in his left hand covered in vomit. His voice is now soft and beat] ""That was all long ago in some brief lost spring, in a place that is no more. In that hour the vaj frogs begin and the scent off Scrotie's infected anus becomes its strongest."" Oh... Oh, man."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,Well?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,It's... it's awesome. Sharon it's it's the best book I've ever read.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,Right? It's not just me.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"No, it's... I mean, the whole part about Amsterdam, wow!"
