Major Boobage,Kenny,"(No, fuck you! She's my girl!)"
Major Boobage,Gerald,You're too young for this stuff!
Major Boobage,Father,"This must be decided at the Breastriary in Nippopolis! [the woman hides her privates, her father's arm blocks a full view of her breasts]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The Breastriary. It's built like the Colosseum in Rome, but each level has a different design... made of concrete breasts. The interior too is made of breast-shaped pieces, including a magnificent entrance made of ten massive breasts"
Major Boobage,Father,Now fight for the Loc-Nar trophy! [the camera pans down and left to reveal a golden trophy made of two female statuettes kneeling back to back and holding their arms out. The woman places her breasts on their hands so it looks like the actual trophy is her breasts.]
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"The Breastriary floor. Kenny and Gerald face off in a joust on giant ostriches - who also have big breasts. Their lances have protective tips made of a giant breast for each lance. The rivals hold their lances up, bring them down, and charge at each other. They knock each other off the ostriches and the crowd roars. The father, emperor of this place, sits down to enjoy the match. Kenny grabs a sword with a hilt made of a pair of breasts. Gerald grabs a breast-shaped shield and a battle ax with a normal blade on one side and a pair of breasts on the other. They are evenly matched, as neither can gain an advantage over the other."
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"A sand box in a city park, day. Gerald and Kenny are fighting in it, oblivious to the crowd gathering around them. They grunt and punch each other. Kyle, Stan, and Cartman show up and Kyle spots Gerald"
Major Boobage,Kyle,Dad? Dad! What the hell are you doing?!
Major Boobage,Jimbo,They've been goin' at it for a good thirty minutes.
Major Boobage,Gerald,"She's mine, you little asshole!"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Get the fuck off of me!)
Major Boobage,Sheila,[arriving] Gerald?!
Major Boobage,Scene Description,A news report. A Channel 4 news reporter stands by
Major Boobage,Reporter,The key proponent of the cat ban has been charged with cheesing in a public park. Gerald Broflovski is prepared to give a public statement.
Major Boobage,Gerald,I would like to address a personal matter: I have let myself down. And I would first like to apologize to my lovely wife.
Major Boobage,Sheila,Don't touch me.
Major Boobage,Gerald,"And to the people of South Park. [a shot of the town square and its citizens] I was wrong, and I can't let cats take the fall anymore. It's our fault. The people who use cats for their sweet urine. [Kenny looks down in shame] We have to learn that cheesing just isn't worth it. Sure, you get to fight in the Breastriary, and swim in the Fountains of Varnov with the Itty Titty Fairies of Mammary Mountain."
Major Boobage,Stan,[puzzled] What the hell is he talking about?
Major Boobage,Kyle,[eyes closed] I have no idea.
Major Boobage,Gerald,"And then you fight the Boob Goblin in the Gazongas Cave, and then the girl may thank you for it. But she. Isn't. Real."
Major Boobage,Randy,And you never really get a good look at her naked boobs anyway. [Sharon glares at him.]
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Problem is, the more you go into that world, the more you need to go. Until you start blowing off all the real people who care about you. [Kenny looks down again]"
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Yeah. I guess so.)
Major Boobage,Gerald,"Cats aren't the problem. We made cats illegal and and then I cheesed for the first time in ten years. And kids are always gonna find a new way to get high. Like sniffing glue or licking toads, or fermenting feces or huffing paint. You can also look at-"
Major Boobage,Stephen,"[cupping Butters' ears so Butters can't hear anything] Uh okay, that's probably good, Gerald."
Major Boobage,Gerald,"The point is, I was wrong. Its time to legalize cats! [grins wide, then begins to cheer] Heh yeah! Hooray for Gerald! Hey, let's hear it for Gerald! [crowd remains silent]"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The camera drops down and focuses on Scrambles' house. The DEA agents return and gives Scrambles back to his family"
Major Boobage,Girl 2's father,"Scrambles! So good to have you back! You ain't sore at us, are ya? [Scrambles hisses, then scratches the father all over his head. His frightened wife and daughter leave him alone] Ahh! Get him off! [the boys, standing across the street, turn around]"
Major Boobage,Stan,I'm sure glad that's over with. [the boys turn left and walk away]
Major Boobage,Kenny,(Me too.)
Major Boobage,Cartman,"But you know, we've all learned something, you guys. We can never persecute living beings and force them into hiding. It's wrong. [Kyle stops]"
Major Boobage,Kyle,[cross] And you don't see any parallel between that and anything else in history?
Major Boobage,Cartman,"[strokes his chin] Mmmmmmmmmm nope. I have no idea what you're talking about, Kyle."
Major Boobage,Stan,You guys! Check it out. [smiles] It's Kenny. [Kenny has crossed the street to reach a flower patch. He picks one out and inhales deeply] Isn't that great? He's just getting high on life.
Major Boobage,Kyle,"Yeah. [Kenny begins to grab more flowers with gusto to get more of their aroma. The other boys get worried] He's getting... really high on life. [Kenny begins to snort and grabs all the flowers he can, treating them just as he did the cats earlier.]"
Major Boobage,Cartman,"Dude, he's getting super-wasted on life."
Major Boobage,Kyle,"[runs to Kenny] Kenny! [Stan and Cartman follow. Kenny falls in Kyle's arms, goes into spasms, and then freezes, his eyes unfocused]"
Major Boobage,Stan,What the hell kind of flowers are those?
Major Boobage,Kyle,Kenny? Kenny?!
Major Boobage,Scene Description,"Kenny is back in the world of his hallucination, back in the modified Thunderbird. He's flying through space with the large-breasted woman at the wheel. Every planet and moon looks like a breast or pair of breasts."
Major Boobage,Kenny,"[dances in time with the music, then gazes up at the woman's bouncing boobs] (Woo-hoo-hoo!)"
Major Boobage,Scene Description,The Thunderbird goes into warp and disappears.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"The South Park Elementary school gym, day. The students have been called to show up there. Mr. Mackey comes out and stands in front of a big TV and between two bulky tower speakers"
Canada on Strike,Mr. Mackey,"Students, quiet please, m'kay? As you may or may not know, today is Canada Appreciation Day."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Oh God, I'm bored already."
Canada on Strike,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, so we've been asked to show you a video from the World Canadian Bureau. Uh start the tape please? [exits right as the tape starts up. A Canadian flag appears onscreen]"
Canada on Strike,WCB President,"[appears in his office onscreen] Hello, I am Stephen Abootman, President of the World Canadian Bureau. Do you ever stop to think how important Canada is to the world? Right now, I would like all students of Canadian descent in this school to stand up. [no one moves a muscle until one lone Canadian boy, Ike, stands up.] Just look at all these fine Canadians in your school. See how diverse they are. When you think of Canada, what's the one thing that comes to mind?"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Gayness! [everyone laughs and looks at Ike, who looks chagrined.]"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,That's right: spirit! What is it that makes Canada so important?
Canada on Strike,Craig,Nothing! [everyone laughs harder and looks at Ike.]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, day, a crowd stands in front of a building with G on it."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"My fellow Canadians, for too long we have been pushed around, and ridiculed! Yesterday was supposed to be a day of appreciation and understanding! Instead, Canada Appreciation Day was mocked worldwide! [the crowd begins to clamor]"
Canada on Strike,Man 1,[wearing #10] Nobody takes us Canadians seriousleh!
Canada on Strike,Lumberjack,"It's like the world doesn't respect Canada at all, eh?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,That's right! And I think it's time for Canada to show the world just how bad things would be without it! Together we can send a message! It's time for Canada ...to strike!
Canada on Strike,Woman 1,Did you say strike?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Yes! Every Canadian join me! Join together!
Canada on Strike,Man 2,"Canada, on strike."
Canada on Strike,Man 3,"Canada, on strike."
Canada on Strike,Canadians,"[a different crowd shot for each ""Canadaaa""] Canadaaa! Canadaaa! Canadaaa! Caaanaaadaaa! Canada on strike! Canada says ""No more!"" No more neglect! We want respect! That's what we're striking for! All you bureaucrats and corporate cats"
Canada on Strike,Border Guard,Can all just take a hike! [rolls down his window shade]
Canada on Strike,Canadians,"[large crowd] It's Canaada! On Strike! [they whip out their strike signs] Canada on strike! From Vancouver to St. John's [both locations are shown], We raise our middle fingers for you all to sit upon! [a hockey team] And with our fingers up your ass, [workers at The Canadian Maple Syrup Company] you won't be very psyched [workers in the building drop syrup barrels from the upper floors] It's Canada! On Strike! [Mounties march in a circle] And we will not bow a bunch! Our resolve is strong! [A conductor leads a group of singers] We even took three hours to rehearse this striking song! [a trumpeter leans in and toots.] [Pizza Nut] Canada on strike! No matter where you are, [On TV at Café 180] If you are Canadian then you've got to do your part! March out of the halls!"
Canada on Strike,Café 180 patron,"[stands up and poses] That's right, suck my Canadian balls! [runs out and poses] It's Canada! On Strike!"
Canada on Strike,Canadians,[the camera zooms out to a view from space of a nation of singing Canadians] It's Canada! Canada! Canada! On Strike! [a lone Canadian laughs somewhere]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"The United Nations, day."
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,"Ahhh, when you say ""Canada is on strike"", what exactly do you mean?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"What do you think it means?! [pounds the table] We're striking, buddih! No more! That's it! Until we get what we want"
Canada on Strike,French delegate,Who exactly are you to authorize this strike?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,I'm Stephen Abootman! Leader of the WGA!
Canada on Strike,French delegate,The WGA?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[crosses his arms] Yes! The World Canadian Bureau! [the other delegates don't react.]
Canada on Strike,French delegate,What exactly does Canada want?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,We want: more... money!
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,[with mustache] Yeah! More money!
Canada on Strike,Japanese delegate,More money from where?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Just more money! You know! Canada doesn't get enough money! Other countries have lots of money; we want, we want some of that money! Hu- how about- the Internet? The Internet makes lots of money! So give us some of that money!"
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,Yeah! Give us Internet money!
Canada on Strike,British delegate,"A Mister A- Abootman, you seem to- not understand how ...global economics works. I think that-"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Don't give me that fat-cat fancy lip-wiggling! Are you gonna give Canada more money or not?! [pounds his fist on the table a few times]
Canada on Strike,British delegate,I'm afraid we can't.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Then you leave Canada no choice. [heads for the doors. His aides open them and he heads out] This strike shall continue! [the aides head out, closing the doors behind them.]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"A snowy night in South Park, a shot of Kyle's room through his window. Kyle heads to the front end of his room to look out the window. Out on the sidewalk stands Ike with his own strike sign: ""HONK if you support CANADA"" Cars pass by without stopping. Kyle suffers for him. A car pulls up and Ike turns to face it"
Canada on Strike,Husband,"""Honk if you support Canada"" He- hey honey, watch this. [honks twice]"
Canada on Strike,Wife,"[looks at him] Oh, we're supporting unions."
Canada on Strike,Husband,That's right; we're a very progressive couple.
Canada on Strike,Wife,"Yes. [reaches over and honks the horn] Oh, that's fun!"
Canada on Strike,Husband,Well we've done our good deed for the week. I think now I can make love to your anus without making God angry.
Canada on Strike,Wife,Oh really? Goodie! [they drive off. Ike watches them leave]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan, Butters, and Cartman are watching TV. Kyle walks in from outside"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Guys, I'm really worried about my brother."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,We don't care. *urp*
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"You should care! This strike affects everybody, fatass!"
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Sh ush ush, it'sa it's on!"
Canada on Strike,Butters,Yippie!
Canada on Strike,Announcer,It's the Terrance and Phillip Show. [Terrance and Phillip in] Today's episode: I Fart Huckabees. [Terrance and Phillip are shown dressed in Viking warrior outfits]
Canada on Strike,Butters,"Aww, this one again?!"
Canada on Strike,Stan,"God, they've replayed this one like eighty times now!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Say Phillip, I just bought this new hybrid car."
Canada on Strike,Phillip,Oh? Does it run on electricity?
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"[the boys say the line too] No, it uses natural gas. [they do raspberries as Terrance farts on Phillip. Terrance and Phillip laugh]"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,Not as fat as your face!
Canada on Strike,Butters,"Huh, it somehow loses its punch after multiple viewings."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"God damn it, when are they going to air new Terrance and Phillip shows?!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,There aren't gonna be new shows! Don't you get it?! Terrance and Phillip are Canadian! We have to get Canada to end this strike!
Canada on Strike,Stan,"It's not a big deal. We can just watch American comedy. [""Terrance and Phillip"" disappears and ""Family Guy"" comes on]"
Canada on Strike,Peter Griffin,"You think that's bad? Remember the time I sang ""La Cucaracha"" for Paul McCartney?"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,[jumps off the couch and runs to the TV] No! NOOO!
Canada on Strike,Peter Griffin,La Cucaracha- [Cartman turns off the TV and faces his friends]
Canada on Strike,Cartman,We are NOT... resorting to that!
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Striking Canadians, day."
Canada on Strike,Canadians,We want more! We want more!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! One, two, three, four, Canada deserves more (money)! [Terrance and Phillip walk up to him]"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Look, buddih, me and Phillip need to go home for a bit."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Go home?! You can't leave the picket line!
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"But this is taking too long, and Phillip is diabetic."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Look, guy, we are to stay strong! If you don't stand with your fellow Canadians, then you are a rat!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Don't call me a rat, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your buddih, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"He's not your friend, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your guy, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"He's not your buddih, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your friend, guy! [all three fall silent, and Stephen goes forward] Don't you two understand anything?! You think striking is a joke?! You think it's something to ridicule?!"
Canada on Strike,Weird Hat Guy,"[pops in] Yah, you think this is funnih?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[moves to address the whole crowd] Don't you see that we have to stand together or else we have nothing?!
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,[runs up with a cell phone] Stephen! Stephen! A call came in from the United States! They want to talk to you aboot ending the strike!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"What did I tell you?! I told you we'd get to them sooner or later! [the crowd gets excited and starts chatting] Shh, shh, quiet everyone! Let me handle this. [everyone falls silent as he takes the call] Yes. This is Stephen Abootman, head of the WGA."
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Uh, hi, we want you to end this strike. [he's calling from his house, with the other boys standing back aways]"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Oh you do, huh?! [muffles the phone, then tells the others] They've had enough. They want us to end the strike. [everyone cheers] Quiet, quiet, shh, shh, sh- quiet, quiet! Let me deal with this. [the Canadians fall silent and Stephen returns to the phone] All right, we're prepared to end this strike! If you are agreeing that we should have more monihhh!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,We totally think you should have more money.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Wwe got 'em! We did it! [jumps up and down with much energy. Everyone cheers. ""Great job!""] All right, how much are you gonna give us?"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Huh? Well we don't really have that much money.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Oh, negotiating hardball, are we?! What about all that Internet money?!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,The Internet?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"You listen to me, friend! [walks away from the crowd so they don't hear him so loudly] You'd better figure out a way to get us our fair amount of money, and until you come back with a solid fair number, I'm finished talking to you, you slimy corporate dickhead! [hangs up, then faces the crowd] Don't worry, don't worry. This is how negotiating works. This is good. We've got 'em by the balls."
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Kyle looks at the phone dumbfounded. The other boys walk up
Canada on Strike,Stan,What'd they say?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,They said we have to give them money that we make on the Internet.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,How are we supposed to make money on the Internet?
Canada on Strike,Butters,"Well, how do other people make money on the Internet?"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,We'd have to put something up on the Internet that everyone would find fascinating.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,[steps up] Wait. I've got it.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"A video. Butters is on a stage with bluescreen so it looks like he's actually in a spaceship. He's in his normal clothes, and he begins to dance. To his right rises Spaceman Butters, and to his left rises Pajama Butters."
Canada on Strike,Butters,"I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt [the teddy bear outfit returns] I said what what? In the butt You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? [Stan gives a thumbs-up. Cartman does the same. The video is on YouToob] Let's do it in the butt. O-kay! [from behind a big chocolate heart] It's okay [Butters floating in space] Ih-if you have a little fight [Nelly in her room watches the video] Don't you worry [Butters bites into the heart] I won't bite (Not that hard) [Spaceman Butters] If you want it [a man watches the video] I'll give you power Just be gentle [Flower Butters] I'm delicate like a flower Give it to me, if you please Give it to me, if you please"
Canada on Strike,Nun,Oh my.
Canada on Strike,Butters,"[now in three voices] I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt [wearing black jeans with ""what what"" on the butt] I said what what? In the butt I said what what? In the butt You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? [a naked Butters holds a rose] You wanna do it in my butt, in my butt? Let's do it in the butt. O-kay!"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Kyle's room. The boys have been watching the video from there
Canada on Strike,Cartman,There's more people viewing it!
Canada on Strike,Stan,This is going great!
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"[walks over to the window] Don't worry, Ike! The strike will be over soon! [Ike is on his back]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, night. The Canadians are beat. Some walk around listlessly, others have facial hair, all have bags under their eyes"
Canada on Strike,Tom,"And in other world news, the leader of Japan today is calling for an increase in military spending."
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,How come they never mention anything about us?! When are they gonna get to the strike?!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Don't worry, the strike is big news. I'm sure it will be one of the top stories."
Canada on Strike,Tom,"In other news tonight, it the Internet video that has already seen over ten million views. A young confused-looking boy dancing and singing a song called ""What What (In My Asshole)""."
Canada on Strike,Reporter,"[in front of Butters' house] Tom, in just one week the video has become the most watched thing in all of America. [Butters appears at his bedroom window and waves at the camera] The boy in the video, referred to by most as ""that little gay kid"", [Butters stops and leaves the window] has already been asked to appear on Jimmy Kimmel and The Today Show."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Aw damn it that's not news! What about us?!
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"Look, ah, Stephen, Terrance and I were talking andeh, well it's, it's starting to look like maybe we're not gonna win this thing, you know?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,We'll win! We'll just have to stay resilient!
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"Wull, yeah, but everyone is dying of starvation."
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Yeah, let's give it up, guy."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Don't call me your guy! I'm not your guy, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Well I'm not your friend, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Well I'm not your buddih, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Woman 2,Wait! Here it is! Turn it up! We're on!
Canada on Strike,Tom,"And finally tonight, a new development in the Canada strike. For those of you who don't remember or don't care, Canada has been striking for more money. [the Canadians cheer]"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"All right! Shh! I told you, I told you, listen, listensh, listen listen listen."
Canada on Strike,Tom,"In a shocking turn of events, it now appears that thousands of people from Denmark are flooding into the United States with hopes of taking the place of the striking Canadians."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,What?
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,An airport. A plane from Denmark is parked on the tarmac and Danish people pour out of it. The Danish have both Canadian and normal features - Canadian bodies and jaws and normal eyes
Canada on Strike,Female reporter,Do you really think you Danish can replace the Canadians?
Canada on Strike,Danish man,"Well, where we come from it's pretty cold too, ja. We like hockey and nobody really pays any attention to us."
Canada on Strike,Danish woman,Nobody knows where Denmark is.
Canada on Strike,Danish man,"Right. So when you think about it, we're the Canadians of Europe."
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Back in Canada
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,SCABS! How could you?! [runs up to the TV annd destroys it with one kick]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"A lobby, somewhere. DIM, it says. Department of Internet Money. Stan and the boys walk up to the help desk. They look around before Stan steps forward"
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Ah, hi. We made a really successful thing on the Internet, and we'd like to collect our money."
Canada on Strike,Clerk,Take a number and wait with everyone else.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Ma'am, perhaps you don't recognize the Internet sensation Little Gay Kid from YouToob."
Canada on Strike,Clerk,[not taking time out from her work] Take a number and wait with everyone else! [Stan takes a numbered slip from the dispenser and leads the other boys to some seats in a waiting room nearby]
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"[slowly, a little creepily] Chocolate Raaain."
Canada on Strike,Butters,Aaah. [another man walks up to the boys]
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"Hey, I know you. You're the ""What What (In My Asshole)"" kid."
Canada on Strike,Butters,"[insulted, crosses his arms] ""What What (In The Butt),"" sir."
Canada on Strike,Stan,It's Tron Guy. I saw him on YouToob.
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"Yeah, sure. All the biggest Internet stars are here. You remember, of course, Numa Numa. [to his right is the Numa Numa guy. He begins dancing to a song]"
Canada on Strike,Numa Numa Guy,"Ma-iyahi Ma-iyahu Ma-iyaho, Ma-iyaha ha."
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"And the Star Wars kid. [the kid starts to dance around as in his video] And the Internet sensation Cute Sneezing Panda. [as in its video, the mother panda sneezes as soon as her child moves] And there's Dramatic Look Gopher. [the camera pans by a lonely girl and focuses on the gopher, who seems to notice the camera is on him. He quickly turns to face the camera and freezes]"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Wow, I've seen all you guys on the Internet!"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"[to Butters] So, how many people have seen your Internet video?"
Canada on Strike,Butters,Uhhh a few hundred thousand?
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"Huh, mere peanuts. Chocolate Rain has done gangbusters. Theoretically, I'm a millionaire."
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"Dude, screw you. Your Internet thing was so last year."
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,[jumps in out of nowhere] Leave Chocolate Rain Guy alone! Leave him alohohone! I'm serious! [a phone rings and Kyle digs into his pocket]
Canada on Strike,Kyle,[finds the phone...] Excuse me. [...leaves his seat and exits the waiting room. Then he takes the call] Hello?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[sitting on a cardboard box] You greedy corporate fat cat. You said you would get us moneh.
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Wait we're working on it.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[stands and moves forward] You're stalling! Because you think I'll give up. You know that most Canadians are talkin' about giving up the strike already. [coughs away from the phone] You've got me over a barrel and you know it!
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Sir, we're doing everything we can."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"You want me to say it again?! You've got me over a barrel! There, you happy?! You've got me bent over a barrel with my tender ass just waiting to be pulverized by your thrusting manhood! [Kyle stays quiet] Do you realize how stupid I'm going to look if I call off the strike after starting all this?! I won't do it! You hear me, guy?! You're wrong! No matter what happens I will never call of this strike! Even if it means we all. Die."
Canada on Strike,Kyle,We don't want you to die.
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Then you'd better hurry. We don't have much longer. The blood will be on your hands. [slowly hangs up]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,Back at the waiting room... Kyle returns
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"We have to speed this up! [to Chocolate Rain Guy] Uh, can we collect our Internet money in front of you, please?"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,I don't think so. Nothing takes priority over Chocolate Rain.
Canada on Strike,Star Wars Kid,"Oh, here he goes with the ego again. Who crowned you the top Internet star?!"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,I did. When I became bigger than all you bitches.
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,"Oh please, Laughing Baby had four times as many views as you! [the baby begins to laugh and laugh...]"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"You'd better shut your fuckin' mouth, Laughin' Baby!"
Canada on Strike,Afro Ninja,Did you all forget about Afro Ninja? My Internet thing was bigger than anybody's. I made over a hundred million theoretical dollars.
Canada on Strike,Star Wars Kid,Well Sneezing Panda is theoretically worth billions!
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,You all wanna motherfuckin' die?! [whips out a Glock and cocks it]
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,NOOO! [grabs the gun and tries to wrestle it from Chocolate Rain Guy]
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,A battle royal begins. Tron Guy whips out a frisbee and chucks it at Numa Numa. It hits Numa Numa's left cheek
Canada on Strike,Numa Numa Guy,Haw!
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Afro Ninja fights the Star Wars Kid, Numa Numa fights Tron Guy, Chris Crocker fights Chocolate Rain Guy. Afro Ninja knocks Star Wars Guy away with his nunchucks, then tries a back flip and falls on his face. He gets up groggily and stumbles away. The baby laughs some more"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Okay, forget it. We'll wait our turn."
Canada on Strike,Tron Guy,Hai Hayaaa!
Canada on Strike,Numa Numa Guy,"Ma-iyahi Ma-iyahu Ma-iyah- [kicks Tron Guy in the balls, then lands a left hook on his face]"
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,[jumps in to separate the two men] Leave Tron Guy alone! Leave him alone! [the baby continues laughing. Chocolate Rain Guy grabs Chris Crocker by the hair and drags him around. Chris is screaming]
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"Get ready for some chocolate pain, bitch! [aims his right at Chris' head. Chris quickly bites Chocolate Rain Guy's right leg, making him drop the gun. The mother panda mauls Numa Numa, Tron Guy throws his frisbee again, and Chris Crocker jumps in again]"
Canada on Strike,Chris Crocker,"Leave the panda alone! Leave her alone, I'm serious! [the mother panda stands on her hind legs and just swats Chris out of view, killing him. Chocolate Rain Guy reaches for his fallen gun, turns around, and kills Star Wars Kid with two shots. The mother panda mauls Tron Guy to death, and Chocolate Rain Guy kills the panda with four shots. He then aims at the gopher]"
Canada on Strike,Tay Zonday,"Thought I forgot about you, Gopher?! [the gopher, who's facing away from him, suddenly turns its head to him, looking at him intently] Ughhh, my brains. [his head swells up and explodes. His body staggers for a few seconds, then falls to the side. One last bullet leaves his gun and blows the gopher's head off. Anyone who was involved in the battle is gone]"
Canada on Strike,Cartman,Sweet. I think we're next in line now.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Ike is still on the front lawn, still on his back. He blinks"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, day. Everyone there is now tired out. Some have died, as they have X's where their eyes should be. The camera moves forward to the G (for Government) building, then flies up the side until it reaches Mr. Abootman's office. Mr. Abootman looks out the window at the crowd beneath him"
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,"[opens the office door] Stephen!, Stephen! They're here! They've come to negotiate!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,[turns around] What?! You mean it?! [Kyle and friends walk in]
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Okay, we did it."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Who the hell are you?
Canada on Strike,Stan,We're the ones you told to get Internet money.
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Here. [hands Mr. Abootman the money] We made ten million theoretical dollars. It's all for you. [Mr. Abootman takes the check and looks at it]
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Theoretical dollars? What am I supposed to do with that?! [turns away] You little timewasters!
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Hey, we worked really hard to get this theoretical money!"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Yeah. Everyone thinks I'm a homo now.
Canada on Strike,Cartman,"...You are a homo, Butters."
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Dude, will you just end this thing now?! My little brother is gonna die!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Nooooo! I'm not gonna look like an idiot! If I fucked up and led everyone astray, the last thing I'm going to do and admit it! [the phone rings and he turns to answer it] Yes, this is the head of the WGA. The World Canadian Bureau."
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"The UN, day. A conference call - the leaders talk to Mr. Abootman over a speakerphone"
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,"Ah, Mr. Abootman. It's the global world summit leaders. We want to talk to you about the strike."
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,You... You do? You wanna negotiate?!
Canada on Strike,French delegate,"No, actually we were just wondering if, when you're all dead, we can use Newfoundland for a new global theme park. [Mr. Abootman drops the phone and begins to weep. He walks away with his hands over his eyes]"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"[picks up the phone] Hello? Will you just give this guy something, please?!"
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,Excuse me?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"[Mr. Abootman leans on the door, crying] He just doesn't wanna look like an idiot, so he wants everyone to think the strike was for something. Just, just give him anything!"
Canada on Strike,French delegate,"Well, we could give Canada some small consolation prize"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"If they give you something small, will you end the strike?"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Will they... act like they're giving Canada a lot so everyone thinks I did a good job?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Can you act like you're giving him a lot?
Canada on Strike,Swiss delegate,"Sure, why not?"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, moments later. Mr. Abootman steps outside to the podium and makes an announcement"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,We have won! [no one reacts: they're all too tired to]
Canada on Strike,Lumberjack,Well how much did we get?
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Well, we uh, we didn't get everything that we wanted, but... we negotiated hard and... we got these... [holds up some coupons] coupons to Bennigan's! And... [holds up a bag of sweets] free bubblegum... for every Canadian. [his aide steps forward and claps really fast. Other Canadians begin to clap their hands] These coupons entitle every Canadian to a free meal at Bennigan's. With the purchase of a meal at equal or greater value, of course."
Canada on Strike,Aide 1,We did it! [aide 2 steps forward and claps really fast. Other Canadians begin to clap their hands]
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"My friends. This is the greatest victory in Canadian history. [headlines follow: The Canuck Reporter has ""Canada Wins The Strike"". Canadiety has ""Strike over! Canada Victorious!"". Canada Today has ""Strike Victory Party Set For Next Week"".]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"South Park, Kyle's house, front lawn, day. Ike is still half-buried in the snow. A taxi pulls up to the curb and lets the boys out"
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Ike. Ike! [Ike wakes up] It's over.
Canada on Strike,Ike,[stands up] It's over?
Canada on Strike,Kyle,Yeah. Here you go. [hands him a Bennigan's coupon and a gumdrop. Kyle and the others head indoors]
Canada on Strike,Stan,"Boy, I'm sure glad that's over with."
Canada on Strike,Butters,Me too!
Canada on Strike,Kyle,"Yeah, but you know, I learned something today. We thought we could make money on the Internet. But, while the Internet is new and exciting for creative people, it hasn't matured as a distribution mechanism to the extent that one should trade real and immediate opportunities for income for the promise of future online revenue. It will be a few years before digital distribution of media on the Internet can be monetized to the extent that necessitates content producers to forgo their fair value in more traditional media."
Canada on Strike,Stan,...Yeah.
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,"Canada, the Victory Party. Kool & The Gang's ""Celebration"". Everyone is just standing around. The camera pans from left to right. Mr. Abootman and his aides appear. They're all dancing"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Yeah, we did it! Celebrate, everyone! Woohoo! [the reason for everyone standing around is shown: a memorial wall on one side of the room has pictures of everyone who died during the strike. Mourners walk up with bouquets and drop them off at the table in front of the wall.]"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"Hold on a minute! Wait just a second! [the music stops as Terrance holds out a calculator] We just did some calculating! By NOT working during the strike, Canadians lost more than 10.4 million dollars!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,And our Bennigan's coupons and bubble gum is worth roughly... three thousand and eight dollars!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Don't look at that. Come on, friends, let's dance."
Canada on Strike,Phillip,You had no idea what you were doing and now you're trying to make it look like you won so that we won't set you adrift!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"Damn it friends, don't you see? We won for future Canadians, guy. So the little guy doesn't get pushed around anymore. This was a victory for Canada's respect. [Terrance and Phillip don't believe what they're hearing]"
Canada on Strike,Scene Description,The shore of a lake. A man picks away at a block of ice. Two other men come and push it away. On it are Stephen Abootman and his aides
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,Eh?! What do you think you're doing?!
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"We're setting you adrift, idiot!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,Maybe you can go live with the Danish!
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"You'll regret this day, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Phillip,"I'm not your friend, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"I'm not your buddih, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance,"He's not your guy, friend!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"[loud and drawn out] I'm not your friend, buddih!"
Canada on Strike,Terrance & Phillip,"We're not your buddih, guy!"
Canada on Strike,Stephen Abootman,"[now far away] I'm not your guy, friend!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's classroom. She's seated behind the desk, crying and pulling out tissue after tissue, baring her soul to the class."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"It's like, my whole life has just been one big screw-up, you know? [wipes away tears, then throws the tissue away] I admit it, I was I was sexually lost. I was, and then I see this person on Oprah. She was a woman but then she got a sex change, became a man, but... then she got pregnant and is having a baby, which means she's still a woman all along. That means I'm really still a man, I'm... I still feel like a man"
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,Are we gonna get tested on this?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"This sex change was a big mistake, okay? [blows her nose] I was on a lot of painkillers at the time and I thought it was what I wanted."
"Eek, A Penis!",Stan,"[to Kyle] Dude, wanna do some math problems?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"[tosses another tissue away, grabs another one] And then, I go to the doctor, right? And I say ""Doctor, I wanna go back to being a man,"" and he says ""There's been too much damage. You can't go back. Where are you going to find a penis?"" [gets up, and his chair topples over] Whattaya mean, where am I gonna find a penis?! [throws a bust] I'm a man! I deserve a God damned penis! [throws some tissues, some books, and an apple towards the class. Stan closes his eyes shut so nothing gets in them. Mrs. Garrison grabs her chair and crashes it through a window. Then he punches the wall, knocks the metal drawers over, and kicks the desk, grunting all the while]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"[not seen] Mr. Gar- Mr. Garrison! [he stops and looks up. He sees Mr. Mackey and Principal Victoria, her arms crossed, at the door] Could we speak with you please?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[walks out of the classroom still sniffling] What do you want? I'm trying to teach.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mr. Mackey,"Uh, we think it's best you not teach until you get your personal life in order, m'kay? [Principal Victoria walks into the classroom and closes the door]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Ohhh it's so easy for you, Mackey! You have a penis! [walks away in a huff]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Ooookay students, um, obviously we've had a little emergency with your teacher, so uh, while we deal with this, we need one of you to lead the class and review for tomorrow's quiz."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[raises his hand] Oh! Me me, me. Me! Me me! Me! Right here! Right here right here."
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Uhh, who, who else would like to be teacher for the day? Anybody else? [no one else volunteers. Cartman stands on his chair and raises his left arm high]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Principal Victoria. Right over here. Nnnnnh!
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Any other volunteers, perhaps?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[now on his desk and stretching that left arm up higher] Rrrrrrr! Principal Victoria. Principal.
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"All right, all right, fine. Eric, you lead the class."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Yes! [walks up next to Garrison's desk]
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Now, just lead a review over whatever Mr. Garrison's been teaching you, and I'll be back to check on you shortly. [leaves the classroom and closes the door.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[turns to the board and walks up to it. He grabs the wooden pointer and smacks it softly against his left palm] Well well well. Who's teacher now? [whips it against the floor] Yeahhh. Who's teacher?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,"You're not the teacher, fatass."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"That's Mr. Cartman now, Kyle! And you will be wise not to interrupt my class unless you want to be suspended! [whips the pointer against the floor] Yeahhh. [whips the pointer against the floor again] Mmm yeah, you like that? [Kyle just rolls his eyes] All right, Clyde, you're first! Get up here! [whips the pointer against the floor again] Yeah, you're gonna take it, Clyde. [waves the pointer around a little and follows it with his eyes.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's house, day. She's laying on her sofa with her tissues, crying."
"Eek, A Penis!",News Anchor,"And so it appears that the local farmer's market could be soon facing complete closure. In other news tonight, a South Park bio company is coming under fire for genetically engineering body parts onto laboratory mice. This picture of a mouse [a picture of a mouse with a human ear growing on its back] genetically altered to grow a human ear has already sparked waves of protest."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[now attentive] What?
"Eek, A Penis!",News Anchor,But the scientists say the process could help thousands of people who've become disfigured and need ears or noses.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Holy Freaking Jesus.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, day. ""Tomorrow's Fortune is Today""."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, inside. Researchers move around. One of them is talking to Mrs. Garrison"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Using common genetics and cartilage scaffolding, we can graft almost any body part onto a mouse and allow it to develop. Here's the mouse you saw on television. [Mrs. Garrison looks at the mouse] Once the ear fully forms, it can be transplanted onto a person."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Doctor, what about a penis?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Well, a penis is something a man puts into a woman's vagina."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"No, no. If I gave you some of my DNA, could you grow a penis on a mouse for me?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,You don't understand: doing this stuff is very expensive. And we've never tried a penis before; there's no guarantee it would work.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"I will give you all the money I have to just try. Please. Doctor, I'm a man trapped in a woman's body. I need a penis."
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"All right. [Mrs. Garrison grins] All right, let's see what we can do."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Principal Victoria's office. Mr. Mackey is there, as well as two school officials"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Eric, we've called you in to commend you for your role as student teacher."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Ey! Don't commend me! It's the students' fault for being so stupid!
"Eek, A Penis!",Mr. Mackey,"Uh, ""commend"" means you've done a great job, Eric. Hm'kay?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"[looks through some papers] After leading your class through review, your schoolmates scored higher than they ever had on their tests. Whatever you did really worked on them."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[at ease] Oh, well, thank you. I believe strict discipline along with compassion for my students is catamite to their learning."
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,These gentlemen from the Denver County School Board have something they want to ask you.
"Eek, A Penis!",Board Rep 1,"[a black man] Young man, word of your success as a student teacher has started the whole board thinking. We would like you to try your methods on one of our inner-city school classes."
"Eek, A Penis!",Board Rep 2,"[a white man] These kids just won't listen to any adult teachers and, since you handled your class so well, how would you like to give it a shot?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,That sounds like a chance to really make an impact on some students who need it most. How much will you pay me?
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The neighborhood bus stop. The bus pulls up and opens its doors. The boys walk out and turn right
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Three hundred bucks! Did you hear what I said, you guys?! My awesome teaching skill is gonna earn me three. Hundred. Bucks."
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,You're not an awesome teacher!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Whatever. The whole class scored super-high on the test.
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,The only reason we scored high was because we took the answers out of Garrison's desk! And you know it!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Yes, but whose idea was it to take the answers out of Garrison's desk?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,Kenny's!
"Eek, A Penis!",Kenny,"(Yeah, that was my idea.)"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Oh yeah. But whatever, I'm gonna go teach those underprivileged inner-city students and really turns their lives around."
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,"Do you know what those kids are going to do to you?! A little middle-class white boy telling them what to do? They are going to fucking murder you! [walks away. Stan and Kenny follow. Cartman is scared, then he starts thinking]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Maybe he's right. I'd better be careful how I look.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Cartman's bathroom. He's standing on a stool checking himself out on the vanity's mirror. He whips out a partable hair trimmer and raises it to his hairline. He shaves his head down the middle...
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Jon Davis High School, day. Urban music plays as the establishing scenes go by. There are security scanners at the front door which all students pass through, and two security guards to go through their belongings if the students set off the scanners. The kids at this school are doing anything but studying: fighting, making out, smoking, throwing paper wads at each other..."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,A classroom. The students there are quite rowdy
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal,"[enters] Students, quiet! Quiet please! [a wad of paper goes her way and hits] Give me your attention!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 1,"I'll give you my attention. All night long, Mrs. Miller. [the class laughs]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,"[the principal] You're on thin ice, Rodriguez! Now listen up! The Denver County School Board has sent over a special guest teacher."
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,Ohhhhhhhhhhh.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,This may be your last shot at graduating from high school at all! I want you to welcome... Eric Cartmanez
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[dressed as Jaime Escalante] Hello students. I'm Eric Cartmanez. [holds up his left thumb] Your new teacher.
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 2,What the hell is thiiis?
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,I am here... to teach you calculuuus.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, day. ""Tomorrow's Fortune is Today""."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Research Group Laboratories, inside. Researchers move around. One of them is talking to Mrs. Garrison"
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Iii think you're going to be very pleased with the progress, Ms. Garrison."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Mr. Garrison! [they approach an incubator]
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Sorry, Mister Garrison. Your DNA has replicated and grafted very successfully with the mouse. And so... here's your penis. [Mr. Garrison gazes into the incubator. A mouse is wrapped in gauze all over, and a penis is riding on its back]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Wow! My penis looks great!
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,Yes. It's a fantastic penis. Congratulations.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,How long before it's ready?
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,"Welll, it still has some forming to do, but fairly soon."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Let me see if it feels right in my hand. [opens the incubator door and reaches in...]
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 1,No! Don't open the- [the mouse escapes]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Whoa no!
"Eek, A Penis!",Researcher 2,Don't let it get out of the lab! [the mouse reaches the entrance and escapes when an unsuspecting researcher opens the door from outside]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Mah penis! [gives chase, and some researchers join him] Stop, penis! Come back here!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The classroom at Jim Davis High. Cartman hands out syllabi
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Okay, everyone take a sillibus and pass it to the amigo behind youuu."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 3,"Hey man, what the hell do you think you're doing?!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 4,Yeahhhh.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Mr. Cartmanez is here to make sure you all get into collehhhge
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 5,"Getting into college? Maaan, we ain't gettin' in no college! Fuck you! [the rest of the class voice their protests as well. Cartman turns his back to them and looks down]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"How do I reach these keeds? [faces the class, his left hand tucked under the left pant pocket] The reason that you think you can't get into college is because you haven't been taught... how to cheat properly! How do you think white people always get ahead? Because we cheat all the time- I mean because they cheat all the time. [holds up a picture] This is Bill Beelichick, coach of the New England Patriots He's won three Super Bowls. How? He cheated. He even got caught cheating, and nobody cared. Bill Beelichick proved that in America it's okay to cheat. As long as you cheat your way to the top."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen Girl 1,"Hey, I don't wanna be called a cheater!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"No no. If you cheat and fail, you're a cheater. If you cheat and succeed, you're savvyyy."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,This is bullshit. I don't wanna waste my time learning to cheat.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Go ahead, the door's right there. [turns left] Bye-bye, have fun, we will miss youuu. [the boy walks to the door and leaves. Cartman turns away from the class and sighs, dropping the photo] How do I reach these keeds?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"The community park. The boys are playing in the sand box, making a sand castle. They've brought their toy trucks along. Both Butters and Kenny are present. Mr. Garrison sees them and runs towards them."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Boys! Boys, have you seen my penis? [the boys can't figure out what he's talking about.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Kyle,What?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"My penis is on the loose! If you see it, just try to catch it with some cheese. [runs off]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,[rubbing his temples] Ow. That hurt my brains. [the pain gets worse] Oww.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Jim Davis High, another smoggy day. The boy who walked out of class is playing basketball alone in the school yard. He shoots and misses, and goes for the ball, but it rolls towards Cartman, who picks it up."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Nice form, compadre. [walks towards the basket with the ball]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"Hey, I walked out of your class, teacher. Look, I don't wanna argue with you about the merits of cheating."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Who wants to argue on a nice day like theees? How about a little pickup game? [whistles] Hey paisanoo, can you keep score for us? [a scoreboard is shown, and a boy on the platform looks over at him]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 7,"Sure thing, Mr. C."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[gets into position] Okay, you start on defense, amigo. [dribbles the ball for a few seconds, then whacks the boy on the right shin with a collapsible pointer]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,[falls down and grabs his right leg] AAAAH! [Cartman continues towards the basket and scores. The score is now 1-0 Visitors]
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Ohoooh, that's one to nothing, amigo!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,You cheated!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"What's the score, ese? Okay, let's go, your turn. [the boy is on offense. He dribbles for a few seconds and moves to the basket, but Cartman again takes out his pointer and whacks the boy's left shin. The boy falls again, and Cartman steals the ball and scores again. The boy at the scoreboard updates the score: 2-0 Visitors] That's two to nothing, amigoo. [his opponent stands up]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"Fuck you, man, you can't do that!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Look at the scoreboard, amigo. No matter how many times you say I cheated, the scoreboard says two, nothing. [throws the ball back at the boy]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"I know what you're trying to say, but I still don't agree with it. [throws the ball away and limps off]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Two to nothing, ese! Two to nothing! [sighs] How do I reach these keeds?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Linda is washing dishes when she hears something squeak."
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,"What is that? [turns around and looks. The modified mouse runs across the kitchen floor; she screams and hops onto a footstool, then lifts up her skirt] Eeeek! Eeeek! [the mouse runs across the floor again, in the opposite direction] Eeeek! Eeeek! [hops off and runs to the living room entrance] Stephen! Stephen come quick!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"[reading the paper with a pipe in his hand] What is it, dear?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,A penis is loose in our kitchen!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,A penis?
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,Yes! It just ran across the floor!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Now darling, calm down."
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,Calm down nothing! I don't want that penis running through my house!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Hoh, women. Always afraid of penises. [Butters smiles. Stephen gets up from his armchair and walks to the kitchen. Butters joins him. The mouse runs across the floor again]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,"There! There, you see it?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Oh, it's just a little penis, darling."
"Eek, A Penis!",Linda,I don't care. It's probably got all kinds of diseases. [the mouse runs across the floor again]
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,Hey wait! I think that's teacher's penis!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,Your teacher's penis?
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,"Yeah, that must be his."
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Butters, how do you know what your teacher's penis looks like?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Butters,[didn't quite get it until...] Huh?
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Jim Davis High School, day"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Today we will discuss one of the fundamental ways to cheat: getting material ahead of time. [hops onto a box so he could write on the chalkboard. He draws a video camera aimed at a box marked D] When Bill Beelichick cheated for the Patriots, what did he do? He videotaped the opposing team's defense. Think of the defense as your test. When taking a test you must also videotape the defense. Learn what's on the test before they give it to you. And that way you can- [the errant student returns]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,I thought that... well maybe I can give cheating a try.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Have a seat, amigo. Good to have you baaack. [the student takes his seat] All right. Now, when Bill Beelichick got caught with his camera, he did not panic. He simply said what every good white cheater says when caught: ""I mis-interpreted the rules."" It's what you must also say when caught cheating! ""I mis-interpreted the rules."" Say it with me."
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""I mis-interpreted the rules."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Good. Again.
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""I mis-interpreted the rules."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Again!
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""I mis-interpreted the rules."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Now you sound like white people!
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"[now with pounding fists] ""I mis-interpreted the rules!"""
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,South Park Supermarket. Stephen and Butters have finished shopping and are packing the groceries into their car. Mr. Garrison is talking to them
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,What the hell do you mean you just put my penis outside?! Why didn't you call me?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Stephen,"Look Garrison, my wife didn't want a penis in the house. I had to get it out."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Well now how am I supposed to find it?! It could be anywhere!
"Eek, A Penis!",A woman,EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK! [the three guys look up]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Holy Crap! [takes off after the sound.]
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The Komfort Inn. The screaming woman stands on a box while her husband looks at her annoyed
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman,Eeeek! Eeeeeek!
"Eek, A Penis!",Husband,"Carole, get down from there!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman,Noo! Didn't you see that penis just now?! Eeeek!
"Eek, A Penis!",Husband,I'm sure that penis is way more scared of you than you are of it.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[pops into view] You saw a penis?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,[inside the Inn] Eeeeeeeek! [Mrs. Garrison rushes in]
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,The Komfort Inn Fitness Room. Mrs. Garrison finds the woman standing on a chair with her legs crossed
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,"Oh, it's so big and disguuusting. Eeek. [the mouse runs across the floor and Mrs. Garrison gives chase. The penis-mouse runs down the hall and into a steam room]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"[runs down the hall] Come back here, penis! [enters the steam room and looks around] There you are! Got you! [backs out of the steam room holding a penis... which is attached to a man. Garrison looks at the penis more closely, then at the man's face] Hey, you're not my penis. [the man punches her across the face] Ogh! [the penis-mouse runs out. Garrison lets go and gives chase again] There it goes! Stop you!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Cartmanez' class. He's giving the class the answers for the upcoming test
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,The answer to #27 is 5.
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,[repeating] The answer to #27 is 5.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,The answer to #28 is 14.
"Eek, A Penis!",Class,"""The answer to #28 is 14."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen Girl 2,"Man, what's the point? [grabs her books and heads for the door] What's the point of any of this? [cries and exits]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"All right, uh, everyone review the section on sportscasters forgiving the Patriots for cheating and saying it was no big deal; I'll be right back. [leaves the classroom and looks around for the girl] Melita! Melita, hold on. [walks up to her] You can't quit now. Come on, what's wrong with you?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,"There isn't any point to all this. I won't be going to college. I'm pregnant, all right? I just found out, and Eduardo isn't going to help me raise it."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"[sighs] How do I reach these keeds? [turns around and faces her] All right, let's go get you an abortion."
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,No. I'm Catholic. I think abortion is wrong.
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Abortion isn't wrong! What's the one thing I've been teaching you?
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,That cheating is good?
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Yes! And abortion is the ultimate form of chea-ting! You're chea-ting nature itself. [Melita turns right and walks off a bit] Why do rich white girls get ahead in life? Because they get abortionnns when they're young. They get pregnant, but they still want to go to college, so, whatever, they just cheat. They cheat that little critter in their belly right out of a chance at life."
"Eek, A Penis!",Melita,"I don't know, Mr. C."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Mexicans are told not to cheat. ""Don't cheat! You got pregnant? You have to raise the child."" So then you have to raise the child while the white girls get to go to college and probably have a bunch more abortionnns. [walks around to face her] It is at our most challenging times that we must cheat... our very hardest."
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Mr. Garrison files a police report"
"Eek, A Penis!",Sgt. Yates,[taking notes] And the last time you saw your penis was two days ago? [a police sketch artist works on a portrait]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,That's right.
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer Harris,Long whiskers or short?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Short, and little fluffy ears."
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer Harris,"Fluffy ears, okay."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"Think you got it, Mitch?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mitch Harris,"I think so, sir. Is this pretty close? [shows his sketch to Garrison: it's Mickey Mouse with a giant boner under his shorts]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"[disappointed] No, no, not like that! That's just silly. [an officer walks into view]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer,"Sir, we might wanna get a unit down to the Italian restaurant on Kentner."
"Eek, A Penis!",Sgt. Yates,What is it?
"Eek, A Penis!",Officer,Call just came through. Seems a penis broke in and tried to eat their cheese.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Wall come on! [runs out. The two other officers follow him]
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"Buca de Faggoncini Italian Restaurant, night. Diners are eating their meals, and a small penis-mouse appears on the floor"
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,[quickly jumps onto her chair and lifts up her skirt] EEK!
"Eek, A Penis!",Man 2,[looks around] What's the matter?
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 2,A penis!
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 3,[quickly jumps onto her table and lifts up her skirt] A penis? Where?
"Eek, A Penis!",Woman 4,"There it is! [quickly jumps onto the table at her booth and lifts up her skirt] Eek! [the other women at the restaurant do the same thing, and soon all you hear are ""Eek, a penis!""]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[enters the restaurant followed by the three officers] Where is it?!
"Eek, A Penis!",Mitch Harris,"Look, there! [points to the mouse as it heads to the kitchen. A waiter doesn't notice the mouse passing by him]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,Come on! [he and the officers run to the kitchen]
"Eek, A Penis!",Chef,What'sa that peenis doing ina myii kitchen? [wields a rolling pin]
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,[entering with the cops] Huy! Don't you dare kill my penis! [the mouse leaves through an open window] Crap! We've gotta go back around!
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Outside. The penis-mouse climbs along items behind the restaurant and runs along the top of a wooden fence. The camera follows it past the moon in the distance. The mouse stops and looks at the moon
"Eek, A Penis!",Mouse,Someone somewhere is loving me tonightLooking at the same moon and seeing it so bright.
"Eek, A Penis!",Penis,Someone somewhere is feelin' my despair
"Eek, A Penis!",Mouse,Feelin' my despair
"Eek, A Penis!",Penis,And this same moon is
"Eek, A Penis!","Penis, Mouse",[together] making them think of that-.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"There it is! [the mouse runs away. Garrison gives chase again, with the cops and the chef joining him. The mouse runs to the sewer and drops in] No! Nooo! [dives after it, but can't reach far enough in to get it] No! No!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mitch Harris,There's not a chance now.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"No we, we can find it! [looks intensely down through the grate]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Sgt. Yates,"Sorry Garrison, your penis is gone. Afraid there's nothing more we can do. You'll just have to live with being a woman. A very ugly one. Come on, men. [they leave. Garrison stands up, beat]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Cartmanez's classroom. Mrs. Miller and Cartman stand before the class.
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,"Students, I want to congratulate you on your amazing test scores. The school board is so impressed with your progress that they are going to let you take the standardized advanced placement test for college credit. [a quick cheer goes up] The test is going to be heavily monitored in a private room at their location to assure that there can be absolutely no cheating."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,Uh what?
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,The test will be tomorrow. Make us proud. [turns right and leaves the classroom]
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 8,Monitor us in a private room?
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 3,Now they're gonna know we've been cheating all along.
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 2,I knew it man! You made us believe in your way and now it's all for nawthing!
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"Ih it's not for nothing. Ih, if you're good enough, you can cheat right in front of them."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 8,"[stands up] Shut up, man! You reyally screwed us all!"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,"How do I reeeach these keeeeds?! [the boy, cowed, slips back into his seat. Cartman faces the board] Just before the last Super Bowl, Bill Beelichick gathered his football players and said, ""Let's win this one for real. Just this one time. Let's not cheat."" You know what happened? [dryly] They lost. [faces the class] Even if you feel all eyes are upon you, you cannot give up on chea-ting! Or else you can lose the biggest game of your lives."
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen Girl 1,"Yeah, come on, we can do this, guys."
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,You are the true dreamers. Tomorrow you will prove it. We will begin by reviewing how to print out cheat sheets as labels for your bottled water.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"A bus stop across the street from Buca de Faggoncini, night. Mrs. Garrison is on her back on the bench, crying"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Garrison,"You did this to yourself, Garrison. Get your hopes up with a stupid genetic experiment and now all your money's gone along with your penis. [a squeaky thing is heard. Garrison notices and stops crying] Well what the? [raises her head and looks down, then looks towards her feet. The mouse that has been fleeing all night is now struggling to get on the bench] Why... it's my penis. [the mouse is now wholly on the bench] My penis came back. But why? [the mouse moves closer. Mrs. Garrison lowers her left hand to the bench. The mouse walks onto her hand, and she lifts it up] I guess it's true. What's that old saying? ""If you love your penis, let it go..."""
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,Jim Davis High School Auditorium. Mrs. Miller addresses the audience while Mr. Cartmanez' class stands behind and to the left of her
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,The standardized advanced placement test is considered one of the most difficult and carefully monitored tests in the country. Twenty-four of our students took the test and all twenty-four scored 100% [their parents applaud. Melita and a short boy look at each other]
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"Uh, can we say something?"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mrs. Miller,"Sure. [leaves the podium. The short boy reaches for a plaque and hands it to the taller boy, who now takes the mic]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Teen boy 6,"We would like to present this plaque to the person who taught us the White People Method. Mr. Cartmanez! [Cartman, standing far from the podium and off to one side, walks up to the podium and reaches the mic. The students gather 'round him and clap as adults take pictures.]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Cartman,[basking in the success] I reeached these keeeds.
"Eek, A Penis!",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, main entrance. Everyone is gathered there for a special occasion"
"Eek, A Penis!",Principal Victoria,"Students and faculty, please put your hands together and help me in welcoming back, Mister Garrison. [everyone claps as Mr. Garrison makes his return]"
"Eek, A Penis!",Mr. Garrison,"Thanks everyone. It's great to be back. I'm a man again. Thanks to my very special new friend. [the mouse that grew his penis climbs onto his right shoulder, the penis having been removed from it and attached to Mr. Garrison. Garrison turns around] But you know, I've learned that I've really been a dude all along. Because the key difference between men and women is that women can have babies. If you can't have babies, then, you're a man."
"Eek, A Penis!",A Teacher,"Whoa uh wait, uh, hang on a second. My wife had ovarian cancer, so she can't have babies."
"Eek, A Penis!",Mr. Garrison,"Well then get an AIDS test, Thompson, 'cause your wife's a dude, faggot! [Thompson is dumbfounded. Garrison turns around and jumps up to click his heels] Yeah! I'm back!"
Over Logging,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. He's at his computer browsing the Internet. His mom pops in..."
Over Logging,Sharon,"Get off the internet, Stanley, It's time for bed"
Over Logging,Stan,"Mom, I just gotta do a couple more things"
Over Logging,Sharon,"Now, Stanley. The Internet will be waiting for you in the morning. Off!"
Over Logging,Stan,"[sighs] Aw man! [shuts off his monitor as Sharon leaves, then goes to bed. Sharon heads for Shelly's room]"
Over Logging,Sharon,"Shelly, off the Internet. It's bedtime."
Over Logging,Shelly,"Mom, I'm i-chatting with my boyfriend in Montana!"
Over Logging,Sharon,"Now, Shelly! [leaves and closes the door]"
Over Logging,Shelly,Why do you hate me?!
Over Logging,Sharon,"[entering Randy's study] Randy, off the Internet."
Over Logging,Randy,"Nooo. Naw come on, leave me alone."
Over Logging,Sharon,"No, mister, it's time for night-night."
Over Logging,Randy,"But Sharon, I've got stuff to do. I've gotta see my credit rating, I've gotta send an e-mail to Nelson and check out Foley's vacation photos-"
Over Logging,Sharon,You don't have to do all that now! You can do one more thing and then it's bedtime. [leaves and closes the door]
Over Logging,Randy,[left to his thoughts] One more thing? [thinks a bit and then starts typing quickly] Ooooyeah... [starts masturbatng under the desk]
Over Logging,Scene Description,"Stan's house, next morning. The sky brightens just before dawn."
Over Logging,Scene Description,"Stan's room, 7:30 a.m. His alarm goes off and he sits up, turns the alarm off, and heads for his computer. He turns on his monitor and tries to visit Steam. His browser tells him he's not connected to the Internet"
Over Logging,Stan,What the hell?
Over Logging,Randy,"[entering, still in his night robe] Stan! Stan, I gotta use your computer! [reaches Stan's desk with urgency and moves Stan away]"
Over Logging,Stan,What?
Over Logging,Randy,"My Internet's not working; I gotta use yours. An-and give Daddy some private time, will ya?"
Over Logging,Stan,My Internet's not working either.
Over Logging,Randy,What?! [sees but doesn't believe]
Over Logging,Shelly,"[enters Stan's room with her laptop] Dad, the Internet's not working!"
Over Logging,Randy,"[pulling on some cables] I know that, okay?!"
Over Logging,Shelly,I have to get online with my darling Amir before school starts!
Over Logging,Sharon,"[enters] Randy, I can't get my e-mail to open."
Over Logging,Randy,"[leaves the computer to be in the middle of his family] Everybody just, just calm down! Calm down, all right?! It's going to be okay! We just CAN'T. PANIC. [he's the only one looking panicked]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, moments later. The doorbell rings and Gerald answers in his pajamas. He's got a cup of coffee with him. The Marshes are there in their night clothes"
Over Logging,Randy,[in despair] Gerald. Please help us.
Over Logging,Gerald,Randy. What happened?
Over Logging,Randy,Our house... It has no Internet.
Over Logging,Sheila,[arrives and stands next to him] Oh my God.
Over Logging,Randy,[enters the living room] We've got nothing! It's just gone.
Over Logging,Gerald,Come in. You can use our Internet until you figure out what to do.
Over Logging,Randy,[gratefully] Thank you Gerald. [the other Marshes enter]
Over Logging,Stan,[heads for a computer] I'm getting on it first.
Over Logging,Randy,[giving chase] Oh no you're not!
Over Logging,Stan,"[steps into Kyle's room] Kyle, I need to use your Internet"
Over Logging,Kyle,Ih it's not working.
Over Logging,Randy,[steps into Kyle's room] What?!
Over Logging,Kyle,I've even unplugged it and plugged it back in.
Over Logging,Gerald,"No. [rushes to the computer to see for himself] No, our Internet can't be broken. Ah, I've gotta get an attachment Larry sent me last night."
Over Logging,Randy,"[firmly] It's not working, Gerald."
Over Logging,Gerald,But it has to work! Maybe if I do a little-
Over Logging,Randy,"Your Internet's not working, Gerald! Face it!"
Over Logging,Kyle,I have to get online before school.
Over Logging,Stan,What about Starbucks? They have free Internet.
Over Logging,Randy,"Right, Starbucks!"
Over Logging,Gerald,Everyone get your stuff; we can take my car.
Over Logging,Scene Description,"Outside. As the two families head for Gerald's SUV, Stephen Stotch walks by. Behind him, a couple stands looking at their laptop"
Over Logging,Stephen,"Hey, is your- is your guys' Internet working?"
Over Logging,Randy,No! Nobody's is!
Over Logging,Man 1,[comes out of his house with a laptop] Whaaaaat's haaappeniiiiing?!
Over Logging,Randy,Jesus. Everyone's gonna go to Starbucks now.
Over Logging,Gerald,Everyone in the car. We have to beat them there. [everyone climbs in.]
Over Logging,Scene Description,En route. They move down the road while on either side people have no idea what to do without the Internet.
Over Logging,Randy,"God, the whole neighborhood's affected. [a man sticks a Yoshiba laptop in front of the windshield]"
Over Logging,Gerald,"Get out of the way, Peterson! [motions him away]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,Starbucks Coffee. A crowd is already gathered there hoping to get inside
Over Logging,Clerk,"Folks, there's, there's no Internet here. It's not working, I tell ya."
Over Logging,Kyle,It's not working here?
Over Logging,Randy,"Kids, get back in the car. We can go to the Mac store."
Over Logging,Man 2,"No, don't. You're wasting your time."
Over Logging,Randy,How do you know?!
Over Logging,Man 2,Because we just came from there! There was nothing! Not one scrap of Internet!
Over Logging,Gerald,How can there be no Internet anywhere? What's going on?!
Over Logging,Stephen,Anybody got a Blackberry? Check Drudge Report.
Over Logging,Randy,"Good idea! [walks forward a bit and pulls out a Blackberry] No wait, we can't check Drudge Report: there's no Internet!"
Over Logging,Mr. Garrison,[with pipe and laptop] There has to be a way to find out what's going on.
Over Logging,Gerald,We can't! Don't you get it?! There's no Internet to find out why there's no Internet!
Over Logging,Man 3,What did we used to do to get the news before the Internet?
Over Logging,Randy,"[thinks a moment] A television! [everyone else thinks, then moves down the street as if they were one]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,"Tele's, moments later. Randy walks up to the plate-glass window with a chair and smashes the chair through it. Jimbo walks into Tele's first and everyone else follows. Jimbo turns on a TV and everyone else gathers to see the news. Onscreen, the small floating window says ""This page cannot be displayed."" At the bottom of the screen is a crawl that reads ""THERE IS NO INTERNET"""
Over Logging,Anchorman,"Once again we apologize, but we cannot bring you the news. It appears that we have no Internet here at News 4. We'll be happy to bring you up on current events just as soon as our Internet is back."
Over Logging,Randy,"Jesus, it's statewide."
Over Logging,Gerald,It could be nationwide.
Over Logging,Anchorman,"Hello? Do you have Internet? It it's Channel 4 News. No, we don't have Internet either. [everyone leaves Tele's]"
Over Logging,Gerald,No Internet... anywhere...
Over Logging,Randy,Jesus... we're all alone... [POV change to a shot of the town from a distance. Another POV change to a shot of the town from even further away]
Over Logging,Scene Description,"South Park shopping district. The town seems empty. A window shutter opens and closes somewhere. It's Monday. Next scene is a shot of the Marsh house, eight days without Internet. Tumbleweeds begin to roll in. Inside, no one is doing much. Randy's asleep on the couch, Shelly's sadly looking outside, Stan sits on the floor, Grandpa is in his wheelchair. Randy begins to cough"
Over Logging,Sharon,What's the matter?
Over Logging,Randy,"I don't know. I need to get on Web MD and see why I have this cough, but I can't. [coughs]"
Over Logging,Shelly,"What if my sweetheart is online looking for me? He could be wondering why I don't get online with him. Maybe he thinks I'm dead. [looks at Stan] If my darling Amir gets another Internet girlfriend, I'm gonna kill him! And you! [starts punching Stan around like a punching bag. Stan screams]"
Over Logging,Randy,"[pulls Shelly away from Stan] Hey! Shelly, whoa, stop, stop!"
Over Logging,Stan,"Dad, you've gotta do something! She's out of control!"
Over Logging,Randy,You're right. We can't just sit here any longer.
Over Logging,Scene Description,Sometime later. The Marshes have packed and weighed their car down with everything they can load up on it.
Over Logging,Gerald,"Randy, where will you go?"
Over Logging,Randy,We're gonna head west. There's a rumor goin' around there might be some Internet out there. So we're headed out Californee Way.
Over Logging,Gerald,You don't know if there's any Internet in California.
Over Logging,Randy,"Well there certainly ain't none here! Look, maybe it's time you all face reality! The Internet here is dried up!"
Over Logging,Stephen,It could come back.
Over Logging,Randy,"Yeah, and maybe it won't! In the meantime I got a family who needs the Internet right away. We'll head out Californee Way and ... see what we can find. [motions to Sharon] Come on, let's go."
Over Logging,Stephen,"Look, if you... if you do find the Internet, let us know, will ya?"
Over Logging,Randy,How. You won't have Internet. [starts the car and moves out]
Over Logging,Scene Description,"En route to California. Randy takes the Mother Road, Route 66, all the way there. They enter Arizone and pass a man holding a sign saying ""Californee. Need Internet."" They stop at a Canyon Motel - which has no Internet"
Over Logging,Motel Clerk,"[fanning himself] Sorry folks, we're full up."
Over Logging,Randy,Know anywhere else we can stay? We're... heading out Californee Way. Looking for some Internet.
Over Logging,Motel Clerk,You and everyone else. You'll have to stay out at the transient camp with all the others heading to Californee. [motions the direction of travel] It's about a mile down the road.
Over Logging,Scene Description,"Transient Camp. $50, night. The full moon shines brightly behind the trees. The camp is a tent and a farmhouse. Randy takes up the guitar and starts playing"
Over Logging,Randy,"I'm goin' down the road feelin' bad. I'm goin' down the road feelin' bad. I'm goin' down the road feelin' bad, oh Lordy., My Internet done up and went away. [an elderly man weeps]"
Over Logging,Transient Man 1,"Where are you from, old-timer?"
Over Logging,Old-Timer,"Kansas City. Had me a store there. Kind of... computer supply store. When the Internet went, the stores went too."
Over Logging,Transient Man 2,Things will be different when we get out to Californee. Soon as we get us some Internet we can all rest easy.
Over Logging,Transient Man 3,"Why sure, Silicon Valley. They gots a whole mess of Internet up there. 'Say a man can practically roll around in it."
Over Logging,Transient Man 4,When I get to that Internet I'm gonna click on just about everything in sight. 'Might even click on a pop-up ad just for the heck of it.
Over Logging,Transient Man 1,Well I'm gonna sit down at that Internet and just stahrt e-mailin'. Just keep on e-mailin' till my fingers are sore to the bone.
Over Logging,Randy,Sure will be nice. [Stan looks really sad]
Over Logging,Transient Man 5,You folks all headin' to Silicon Valley?
Over Logging,Randy,That's right. We need to get online.
Over Logging,Transient Man 5,"Haha. ""Get online"" he says."
Over Logging,Stan,[annoyed] What's so funny about that?
Over Logging,Transient Man 5,"Think about it. How many folk headin' out to Californee? A million? More? And how much Internet you think they got out there? [the other men look at each other] Might be some Internet, sure, but with everyone tryin' to use it at once, it's gonna go real slow-like. I knows it 'cause I seen it. My two children, they tried to load a Web page. Took them over three days. They sat there waitin', and by the time the loadin' bar was only half-full they was dead. [his eyes begin to well up] Starve on the Internet, with a belly stuck out like a big bladder... [weeps]"
Over Logging,Randy,"Come on, Stan, let's get some rest. [the group breaks up for the night]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,The campsite. The Marshes have set up camp. Stan heads for a sleeping bag when he notices Shelly crying.
Over Logging,Shelly,Amiiir... I miss you so much...
Over Logging,Stan,"[walks up to her] Don', don't cry, Shelly. You'll be able to get online when we get to Californee. [she just sits up and punches him away like a beach ball, then lies down without a break in crying]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,The Marshes enter Californee
Over Logging,Randy,"Everyone, wake up! [the others wake up] We're here! Silicon Valley, Californee! [takes an off-ramp]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,"An Internet Refugee Camp, run by the Red Cross. A big-city skyline is seen in the distance. The camp is well-guarded, and cars go in one by one. Randy drives up to the entrance, where a Red Cross worker greets him"
Over Logging,Worker,Name?
Over Logging,Randy,Do they have Internet here?
Over Logging,Worker,Name?
Over Logging,Randy,Marsh.
Over Logging,Worker,Service provider?
Over Logging,Randy,NetZero.
Over Logging,Worker,"All right, stay in line. [moves on to the next car] Once you're inside, Red Cross volunteers will direct you to your campsite."
Over Logging,Randy,So is there Internet here?
Over Logging,Worker 2,"[voice only, from the front] Stay in line and get to your campsite. [Randy drives forward and into the camp]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,The campsite interior. The camera scans the place until Randy's car comes into view. The car stops and the family steps outside. Randy walks up to two men sitting by a tent
Over Logging,Randy,"Excuse me, we're looking for some Internet."
Over Logging,Refugee Man 1,"Yeah, they've got it here. [Randy gives a thumbs up]"
Over Logging,Stan,All right!
Over Logging,Refugee Man 2,"But there ain't enough to go around. All they got is a little Internet. [curls his thumb and index finger to create a small space between them] Barely a bar a signal. So they have to ration it out, carefully."
Over Logging,Refugee Man 3,Ya... sign up over there and use your time when they call your name. Each family gets 40 seconds o' Internet per day.
Over Logging,Randy,Forty seconds? That ain't even long enough to check Wikipedia!
Over Logging,Volunteer 1,"Well it's all we got, so we gotta make do."
Over Logging,Refugee Man 4,"Look, honey, we ordered us some books on Amazon."
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,"All right, time's up."
Over Logging,Refugee Man 4,No! No wait! I haven't entered the shipping information! [an MP hauls him away] NO! NOO!
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,"Next? Brady, John H."
Over Logging,Randy,"Awww, how am I supposed to see Internet porn that way? [Sharon is within earshot]"
Over Logging,Sharon,[walks up to him] What did you say?
Over Logging,Randy,"Uh, you go ahead, Sharon. Divide some Internet amongst the children. I- gotta talk to somebody."
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day. Another tumbleweed rolls by. The Broflovskis are watching TV. Two anchors are on screen with a fax machine between them"
Over Logging,Anchorman,"And that's about all we know. Uhh, there might be some Internet still in California and parts of Florida, though we certainly still don't have any here. [the fax machine starts printing]"
Over Logging,Anchorman 2,A fax! A fax is coming through! [points to it with both index fingers with lots of enthusiasm]
Over Logging,Anchorman,"Oh yeah, a fax!!"
Over Logging,Anchorman 2,Oh a fax!
Over Logging,Anchorman,"It's a fax, it's a fax! It's a fax, it's a fax!"
Over Logging,Anchorman 2,"It's a fax, we got a fax! [the fax copy pops out and both men grab for it. ] Uh-"
Over Logging,Anchorman,"Oh! it says, ""The government has sent their best people to the Internet in order to repair it."""
Over Logging,Anchorman 2,[a few seconds later] We've gotta send a reporter out to the Internet!
Over Logging,Kyle,Where... is... the Internet?
Over Logging,Scene Description,A bright morning in the Southwest desert. Military helicopters appear and descend on a secret landing
Over Logging,General,"Gentlemen, the President is very angry that his Internet still isn't working."
Over Logging,Scientist 1,"We've tried everything, sir, but the Internet has slowed to a trickle and we can't get it working correctly."
Over Logging,General,Take me down below! I want to see the Internet for myself!
Over Logging,Scene Description,Down below is a huge cave with research equipment all over the place.
Over Logging,Scientist 2,"Here it is, general. The Internet. [before them is a colossal router]"
Over Logging,General,What's wrong with it?
Over Logging,Scientist 2,See that flashing orange light in the middle? It's supposed to be solid green.
Over Logging,General,"[walks towards it a bit, in awe] My God."
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The refugee camp, later. Another man is looking at the Internet."
Over Logging,Transient Man 6,"Hahaha, thedancingkitty.com, heh, wum, I wonder what that is, hum? [the site appears in the browser] ""Click on the dancing kitty and you could win a prize!"" hoh, ahaha, ha."
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,"All right, time's up."
Over Logging,Refugee Man 5,"No, wait, I I just clicked on the kitty. I got it. [the MP comes up and hauls him off too] No! It wasn't long enough! NOO!"
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,"Next? Nelson, Peter T."
Over Logging,Randy,"[approaches a volunteer] Excuse me, I need to uh, have some private Internet time."
Over Logging,Volunteer 3,"Look, we're just tryin' to get by here. Everyone's gotta take what they can get."
Over Logging,Randy,"[grabs the volunteer's arm, takes him aside and says in a soft voice] I haven't jacked off in over two weeks."
Over Logging,Volunteer 3,So jack off.
Over Logging,Randy,"[lets go] You don't understand. [the volunteer crosses his arms] I need the Internet to jack off. I... got used to being able to see anything at the click of a button, you know? Once you jack off to Japanese girls puking in each other's mouths you can't exactly go back to Playboy!"
Over Logging,Volunteer 3,What do you want us to do? Pick up the whole computer and put it inside for ten minutes just for you?!
Over Logging,Randy,Three minutes would be plenty.
Over Logging,Volunteer 3,Get lost! [walks away]
Over Logging,Randy,[feeling pain in his genitals] Ohhh.
Over Logging,Scene Description,Back at the campsite.
Over Logging,Sharon,"[handing out tickets to her children] All right, each of you take a ticket. When they call your name you can use the Internet."
Over Logging,Shelly,"What number are you, turd?"
Over Logging,Stan,Eight fifty one.
Over Logging,Shelly,[switches tickets with him] You're nine twenty three now.
Over Logging,Stan,Hey! Mom!
Over Logging,Sharon,"[returns] Shelly, give your brother his ticket back!"
Over Logging,Shelly,Can't you all see I'm in pain?! Nobody understands pure love! Amir and I are closer than anybody in this stupid family! [runs away]
Over Logging,Scene Description,Randy walks slowly due to his aching balls. He doubles over from time to time
Over Logging,Refugee Man 5,"Psst. Hey! Over here! [Randy looks over, then walks to the man] You... happen to be looking for Internet porn?"
Over Logging,Randy,"Yeah, how'd you know?"
Over Logging,Refugee Man 5,"Lots of us fellas came here for that reason. We all got used to seein' lots of really perverted stuff on the Internet, so now we can't go back to Playboy."
Over Logging,Randy,"I know, right?"
Over Logging,Refugee Man 5,"Anyway, we got us a simulator. You just call out what you wanna see and then say ""click""."
Over Logging,Randy,"""Internet Porn Simulator"" [the tent is an ""Internet Porn Simulator. Whatever you want to see.""]"
Over Logging,Refugee Man 5,"Give it a try. [lifts up one of the entrance flaps for Randy. Randy enters and sees a makeshift computer on a desk. The monitor is a hollow box. Randy sits down. A hand descends into the hollow box holding a sheet of paper that says ""Anything you want to see with the click of a button!""]"
Over Logging,Randy,"Uh, Japanese girls exchanging bodily fluids? Click. [the hand goes up, some scribbling is heard, and the hand comes down again with a picture of one Japanese stick figure pissing on another's face while the second stick figure lies on her back. This does not arouse him. He rolls away from the desk] Oh this sucks! I can't jack off to this! [no one responds] Damn it. [rolls back to the desk and unzips his pants.] Uhm, let's see. Interracial gangbang. Click. [gets ready to masturbate in anticipation. The picture comes down, and it's three black stick figures with their cocks out surrounding a Japanese stick figure.] Agh. Les-shemales! Let's try shemales. Click. [another picture comes down, this one of a stick-figure woman with a penis. Randy is grinding away down there] Bestiality? Click, click on that. [the next picture is that of a stick-figure man fucking a stick-figure pet in the ass. Randy is close to climax] Ah, ah! Brazilian fart fetish porn?! Click! Click! [the next picture is that of a Brazilian stick-figure woman farting on a stick-figure man.] Dahya. [the climax fails to arrive] No. No, this isn't gonna work. [pounds his fist on the desk and walks out] It's just not the same."
Over Logging,Refugee Man 5,"Well, sorry. And that'll be $49 on your credit card."
Over Logging,Randy,[reaches into his back pocket for his wallet] Well at least that part's like the Internet.
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day. The Broflovskis are watching the news"
Over Logging,Anchorman,"We, we now have a reporter on the scene. Uhl-let's go live!"
Over Logging,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm at the Internet, where government officials are doing their best to get it running again."
Over Logging,General,"[through a megaphone] All right, Internet. What do you want from us? [the collosal router does not reply] If we've angered you somehow, let us know. [lowers the megaphone] Try to communicate with it digitally again. [a scientist plays a few notes on a music keyboard. There's no reply. The scientist is about to play again when the original notes are sent back, with two others. That didn't go anywhere] I've had it with this thing! Fire a warning shot at it! [a sniper fires at it, but the bullet had no effect. It just bounced off the router]"
Over Logging,Kyle,"Hey, wait a minute. [gets off the couch and walks away to think alone] Is it possible that..."
Over Logging,Gerald,"[stands up] What is it, Kyle?"
Over Logging,Kyle,I think... I know what's wrong.
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The refugee camp, night. A woman is looking at the Internet now"
Over Logging,Shelly,This is taking too long! When do I get to use the Internet?!
Over Logging,Stan,It's gotta be our turn soon.
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,"All right, folks, it's bed time. No more Internet for today."
Over Logging,Refugees,AWWW!!! [various protests are heard after this]
Over Logging,Woman,A little closer!
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,"No, no, we're locking it away until tomorrow. [the MPs unplug the computer and carry it and the desk away] Everyone get to bed!"
Over Logging,Refugees,"Aw man! [everyone walks off mumbling, disappointed]"
Over Logging,Woman,Wha?![puts her left hand on her head and walks off with her head tilted back]
Over Logging,Shelly,"Gggggyyaaah! [punches Stan away, then walks away in the other direction]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,"A storage room at the refugee camp. The volunteers put the computer away and Volunteer 2 locks the room shut. Randy sees an opportunity and mulls it over. Moments later he's at the room's window looking in. He tries sliding the window open and succeeds. He pulls himself into the room through the window, looks around, forgets to close the window, and walks over to the computer. He starts it up."
Over Logging,Randy,"Uhuh... Finally! I'm online again! Yeeheeyes! [softly as he types] Japanese girls puking each other's mouths. [click. He finds a page right away. The girls are only heard, not shown]"
Over Logging,Girl 1,"Haro Kiti kawaii n desho? [""Hello Kitty is cute, isn't it?"" puke]"
Over Logging,Girl 2,"Un. Choukawaii yo ne! [""Yes. Super cute, right?!""]"
Over Logging,Randy,Oh niice... Whoa... [begins masturbating]
Over Logging,Girl 1,"Watashi wa... daisuki! [""I"" puke ""love it!""]"
Over Logging,Randy,"[types away] Now let's see some bestiality. [click. The sound of a woman being rammed by an elephant is heard. Randy is hitting his stride, then heads towards climax] Aahahaha, yes! Ogh! [types away] Let's get some Brazilian fart porn in there! [click. The Brazilian fart porn fetish page loads.] Oh that's good eh! Oh! [a view from outside the shed] Ohhhhhhhhh! Hoh! Hohhh! [other refugees here this and walk out of their tents to see what's going on. Sharon and the kids are out too, but they don't say a thing.]"
Over Logging,Refugee Man 2,What is that?
Over Logging,Refugee Man 4,Sounds like someone's bein' attacked by a tiger.
Over Logging,Randy,Ohhhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhh!
Over Logging,Volunteer 4,"Get the keys! We gotta get in there. [volunteer 2 runs to the door and whips out his keys. Three other volunteers, one of them a woman, follow him up. They get the door open and enter the shed]"
Over Logging,Randy,"[voice descending] Ohhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh! [the oldest volunteer turns on the lights and they all gasp in shock. Randy is spent, his semen all over the room, the desk, the computer, and himself.]"
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,What the...? [Sharon and the kids rush in]
Over Logging,Stan,Dad?
Over Logging,Sharon,Randy!
Over Logging,Randy,"[trying to explain it away] Oh. Uhh. There was a, there was a ghost! A-a-and-this, this ectoplasm! [volunteer 4 heads for the computer] Did you see the ghost? [the volunteer begins typing on the keyboard] It ran through here; it sli-it slimed me!"
Over Logging,Volunteer 2,You son of a bitch!
Over Logging,Randy,"Oh no it wasn't me, it was this spooky ghost! [volunteer 4 looks back at Randy, who looks back at him]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,The underground cave
Over Logging,Field Reporter,"This is our last chance. With nowhere else to turn, the government is going to allow one brave nine-year-old boy [Kyle is shown standing before the router] to attempt his method to get the Internet running again. [shots of this breaking news airing all over the U.S.] It all comes down to this. Can the little Jewish boy reason with the Internet? Or will it be gone forever?"
Over Logging,Scientist 1,All clear for procedure.
Over Logging,General,"All right! Let's do it! [Kyle walks forward, then up the ramp. His parents fear for him. He walks up and to the right, sees the massive plug and walks to the socket. He just pulls the plug out, waits a few seconds, and plugs it back in. The router responds with a full green signal.]"
Over Logging,Scientist 2,Look! The flashing yellow light is steady green now!
Over Logging,Scientist 1,He did it!
Over Logging,Scientist 3,I've got Internet!
Over Logging,Scientist 4,Me too!
Over Logging,Scientist 5,"Internet activity in all sectors, sir. [everyone cheers. Kyle looks around a little puzzled]"
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The refugee camp, moments later. The men from the camp the Marshes first visited are there"
Over Logging,Transient Man 5,I've got Internet.
Over Logging,Transient Man 6,Me too!
Over Logging,Transient Man 3,It's back! [everyone begins to cheer there too]
Over Logging,Scene Description,Breaking News. The two anchors are waiting for any news.
Over Logging,Anchorman,It's back? It's back! [the two anchors dance a jig]
Over Logging,Scene Description,"The refugee camp, moments later. Shelly hugs her laptop"
Over Logging,Shelly,It's working! I can i-chat with my darling Amir now! [a boy in the background turns around and looks at Shelly]
Over Logging,Amir,Shelly. Shelly Marsh? [both Shelly and Stan turn around to look at him]
Over Logging,Shelly,What?
Over Logging,Amir,It's me. Amir.
Over Logging,Shelly,O... kay.
Over Logging,Amir,"Your family came here too, huh?"
Over Logging,Shelly,[bashful] Yeah. [the two of them look away from each other]
Over Logging,Amir,"So uhhh, I guess I'll e-mail you as soon as I get back home."
Over Logging,Shelly,"Yeah, okay. Sounds good."
Over Logging,Amir,"Okay, s-see ya. [turns around and walks away]"
Over Logging,Shelly,[turns around and skips away] We're back togehhhther! We're back togehhhther!
Over Logging,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. Randy is addressing the town. He's dressed in a Native American shirt over his regular clothes"
Over Logging,Randy,"And so what have we learned through this ordeal? The Internet went away. It came back. But for how long we do not know. We cannot take the Internet for granted any longer. We as a country must stop over-logging -on. We must use the Internet only when we need it. It's easy for us to think we can just use up all the Internet we want. But if we don't treat the Internet with the resPECT [pounds the podium hard with his right fist. A few people are startled by this] that it deserves, it could one day be gone forever. So let us learn to live with the Internet, not for it. No more browsing for no apparent reason, no more mindlessly surfing on our laptops while watching television. And finally, [the head of a bald eagle appears on the screen behind him.] We must learn to only use the Internet for porn twice a day. Max. [everyone applauds him, then gives him a standing ovation. He has his left arm up and fist pumped.]"
Super Fun Time,Scene Description,"Entrance to Pioneer Village, day. The South Park Elementary school bus is parked. Mr. Garrison waits with a bearded employee as the class enters the attraction"
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"Kids, everyone together. Welcome to Pioneer Village. This is a recreation of early Colorado days. I want you all to meet Pioneer Paul. [the bearded employee steps forward, his hands gripping his suspenders]"
Super Fun Time,Pioneer Paul,"Hi, kids, and welcome to my village. I settled here in 1864 with my mahr and pahr. Sure thing, I ain't never seen strange clothes like you all are wearin'. And what's that fancy yellow horse carriage you got out there?"
Super Fun Time,Stan,Ughh.
Super Fun Time,Kyle,This is gonna suck.
Super Fun Time,Pioneer Paul,When you all are ready just head up to the village. All the townfolk are there to answer yer questions. And welcome. [tips his hat a bit to the class] To 1864. Set 'em up!
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you, Pioneer Paul. [Pioneer Paul turns around and walks away.] All right, kids, this is a big place, so I want everyone to pick a partner to hold hands with. [the students look at each other and begin to pair off.]"
Super Fun Time,Cartman,"Let's be partners, Kenny."
Super Fun Time,Kenny,"(No, I'm partners with Craig) [holds Craig's hand]"
Super Fun Time,Cartman,"Okay. [turns and follows Stan] Stan, let's be partners, dude. [Stan approaches Wendy and holds out his hand. She takes it]"
Super Fun Time,Stan,"Naw, I'm with Wendy."
Super Fun Time,Cartman,"Eh, you wanna hold hands with a girl? Gaywad! [Wendy flashes him an angry look as he turns and walks away. He looks around and sees most everyone is paired off. He approaches Kyle] All right, let's be partners, Kyle."
Super Fun Time,Kyle,"I hate you, remember? [turns away] You wanna be partners, Jimmy?"
Super Fun Time,Cartman,"[miffed] Jesus, what have I ever done to you? Craig? Token? [Clyde and Token pair up] Who, who else needs a partner? [after the rest of the kids have paired up, only Butters is left. Cartman looks at him and he gets bashful all of a sudden, brushing his left foot back and forth on the ground] Uh who else needs a partner?"
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, partner with Butters."
Super Fun Time,Cartman,God damn it!
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"Hold Butters' hand, Eric! [Butters motions for Cartman to take his hand]"
Super Fun Time,Cartman,That isn't necessary!
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"Butters, you are not to let go of Eric's hand until you are both back on that bus! Do you understand?!"
Super Fun Time,Butters,I understand. [takes Cartman's hand as Garrison turns towards the village]
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"All right, let's head in. [leads the way]"
Super Fun Time,Cartman,"You can let go now, Butters."
Super Fun Time,Butters,[firmly] No.
Super Fun Time,Cartman,"Butters, come on!"
Super Fun Time,Butters,"No! [the class is at the center of the village. Around it are a carriage house, the saloon, and the feed and tackle store]"
Super Fun Time,Mr. Garrison,"All right kids, go ahead and visit the charming villagers and learn stuff. [the pairs disperse] Keep track of your partner!"
Super Fun Time,Scene Description,"The smithy's shop. The smithy is working on a horseshoe resting on an anvil. Stan, Wendy, Kyle, and Jimmy drop by"
