Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,'[Back in Stan's room. Stan looks shocked at what Cartman said through the phone.]'
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,What?!
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Aaron's house crime scene. Police and ambulance are there, along with a news crew. Aaron is on the front lawn crying, and Stan shows up. The dead mom, who has a large knife jabbed into her head through her right eye, is wheeled out by the paramedics. As they pass by Aaron, he sees his mom's dead body and screams in sheer terror."
Informative Murder Porn,Sergeant Yates,"Hey that kid should not be seeing this! [Aaron is still crying in despair, while an officer drops a blanket over him so he can't see]"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,What happened?
Informative Murder Porn,Dad,"You're making a mistake! [he is naked and covered with blood, two officers haul him towards a police cruiser, while he struggles] Let me go! It wasn't me, I tell ya! A burglar broke in! He was black! He's the one who stabbed that nagging bitch in her fat face! He was blaaack! [the officers put him in and close the back door. The boys don't believe what they've just seen]"
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"South Park County Community Center, day. A bunch of bicycles cover the parking area and kids can be heard inside. Kyle tries to hold court"
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Guys, guys, I know we're all concerned, but we have to work together!"
Informative Murder Porn,Red,How is this stuff allowed to stay on the air?!
Informative Murder Porn,Clyde,The police found hours and hours of murder porn on the Hagens' DVR. What more proof do we need?!
Informative Murder Porn,Butters,"I called the networks that are putting this smut out there, and you know what they told me?! They told me if I didn't want my parents watchin', then I should spend more time with them! Like it's my fault!"
Informative Murder Porn,Wendy,This is the result of a broken society in which profits come before morals!
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,Boooooooooo. Boooo Wendy Testaburger! Boo!
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Look everybody, I know we all feel our hands are tied, but the fact is, we can do something about this. There's an app which can actually allow kids to block things that their parents watch on television. And it is password-protected with a security code that only a child would know."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. The Marshes are in bed watching ID."
Informative Murder Porn,Narrator,"Tonight at 10, it's a tale of lust, seduction, and murder, on Sexy Betrayals. [a man and woman kiss. He holds a wedding ring in one hand, and a knife in the other] Then at 7, some like their murder with a side of sexy biscuits, [a couple kisses on the front porch, then the girlfriend shots her man point blank in the forehead, smiling] on Southern Fried Homicide. But now, get ready for lust, betrayal and murder, [another couple. The girl stabs the guy through the left eye] on Hot Load Case Files. [a woman is ready to unload on her man and the two other women he's in bed with]"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Oh yeah! [he and Sharon strip down] Three of the best shows in a row!
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,Is the lube over there?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Yeah, I got lube right here."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"Well get over here, big guy."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Yeah-hah! [he moves over to her and they start making out. He leaves the lube near the edge of the bed. A three-tone chime is heard. Randy looks over and reads the screen]
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The screen reads: ""CONTENT BLOCKED. To unlock, answer the security question: 'How do you tame a horse in Minecraft?'"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"What the? [sits up. The lube falls off the bed] What the hell? [tries to change channels, but they all say the same thing. Moments later he's on the phone with his cable service.] Yeah, hi, uhh, we aren't getting our informative murder porn. No, no, none of our channels that have informative murder porn appear to be working. Yeah, the screen just says ""How do you tame a horse in Minecraft?"" Uhhh yes, we do have children. A what? A parental lock?"
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. His door is open. Randy walks into view, wearing only slippers, but stays in the hallway. Because he's naked, he's covering his privates"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Stan. Stan! [Stan wakes up, his eyes half-closed] How do you tame a horse in Minecraft?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,[miffed] What?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,What is Minecraft and how do you tame a horse in it?!
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,You guys don't need to be watching that stuff. [closes his eyes]
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Oh come on! You can't block your parents from watching informative murder porn! What? You, you think if we watch shows about married people killing each other all the time we're gonna go out and do it?! That's stupid! [thinking a bit. Stan opens his eyes] I'm not gonna go out and kill your mom just because I watch Investigate Discovery, Stan! It'd be impossible to clear away all the DNA evidence anyway! Even if I hired someone else to kill her, I'd have to kill that person too, because 96% of the time that person eventually tells the truth! I thought this through a lot! [Stan closes his eyes again] Stan? [Stan opens his eyes] You're a lousy kid! I wish Jaden Smith was my son! [goes back to his room. Stan rolls his eyes and goes back to sleep]"
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Get Cable offices, day. Inside, in the waiting area, is a group of angry, locked-out adults, including Gerald, Stuart, Stephen and Linda, and Mrs. Tweak."
Informative Murder Porn,Stephen,Who do out children think they are?! Blocking our TV content?!
Informative Murder Porn,Mrs. Tweak,How are they able to do this with their smartphones?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"It's all right. Our kids think they've outsmarted us, but we're the ones who pay the cable company! [Stuart returns from a meeting with the cable company] What'd they say? Can they remove the parental lock?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stuart,"No, they just did their usual cable-company runaround."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"What?! We'll see about this! [storms into the office] Excuse me, our content is being blocked and we need it now!"
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"I'm sorry sir. If you need it now, perhaps you should switch to another cable company. [tauntingly] Ohhh there's not another cable company, is there? [begins to rub his nipples in circles] Ohhh, that's right, we're the only one in town."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Look, if our kids can block content, then you must be able to block them!"
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"As we told the others, sir, we can fix it. We just need to send a technician out to your house to change out your cable box."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"[relieved somewhat] Oh. Well okay, great."
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,[begins to process the request on his computer] We'll just need to find a window of time you can be home... How about between the hours of 6 am and 3 pm all of November?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"NO, I can't wait around my house from 6 am to 3 pm all of November!"
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"[begins to taunt again] Oh, you can't? [begins rubbing his nipples through his shirt] Jeez that's too bad. You need to be home for the technician. Have you thought of switching to DirecTV?"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,I can't afford DirecTV.
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"Oh, you can't? [rips off some patches covering his nipples off his shirt and begins rubbing his nipples directly] Jeez, that's terrible. Then I guess you just have to work within our time windows. [squeezes his nipples. Randy just glares at him and walks out]"
Informative Murder Porn,Stephen,Well? Any luck?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"No, just the usual cable-company stuff."
Informative Murder Porn,Mrs. Tweak,"Oh well, guess we'll just have to live without our informative crime drama."
Informative Murder Porn,Stephen,"No, screw that! Can't we just learn this Minecraft game so we can get around our kids' parental lock?"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"I've tried! It's not like other video games. I really don't get it. It was all retro and like Legos, but, then a bunch of kids online called me a griefer and kicked me off."
Informative Murder Porn,Stephen,"We can learn, Randy. There's talk of a child. Word is he will teach Minecraft to anybody for the right price."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"In front of a kid's house, day. Randy knocks on the door. A boy holding a lollipop answers the door."
Informative Murder Porn,Boy,Hello?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Hi. Corey Lanskin?
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,Yes?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,We heard that... you're willing to teach Minecraft to adults?
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Fuck off! [shuts the door on Randy. The adults are stunned and look at each other. Randy knocks on the door again, twice. Corey answers the door again, still suspicious]"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Look, we were told that you were available for hire and we're desperate!"
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"You was told wrong, mistuh! I'm just a simple kid with a simple passion for simple things!"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,We have a hundred ounces of silver. [Stuart leans to his left a bit and shows off a box]
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"[looks right, then left, and talks in a serious British accent] Wipe your feet and turn off your cell phones. [goes inside. Randy looks back at the other adults, then wipes his shoes off on the welcome mat and goes in. The other adults wipe their shoes off and go on in.]"
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Corey's basement, moments later. He's got two long tables in there, with three computers on each table, all loaded up and ready for Minecraft training."
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,[pacing back and forth between the tables explaining the game] Next we're going to select an empty world. Selecting an empty world will begin with you being dropped onto a beach. Now you're free to roam around and start punching trees!
Informative Murder Porn,Gerald,Punching trees?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Why, why would we punch trees?"
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,Just use your fucking brain! How do you get wood? [Randy isn't sure] 'Ow do you get wood?!
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,[nervously] Watching informative murder porn?
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"NOO NOO, in this Minecraft forest, how do you get wood?!"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Puh, punching trees?"
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Riiight. You punch the trees to get the wood, you get the wood to build a cabin."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Oh, I see. So when does the game start?"
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,You are playing the game; this is the game!
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,...I don't get it.
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"That's because you're thinkin' like a dad. Minecraft, it don't got no winner. It don't got no objective. You just fuckin' build an' shit. And seein' if other things can come and knock it down. Now, let's click on the inventory, and let's filter through the skin!"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Yes ah, I'm getting it now."
Informative Murder Porn,Gerald,You are?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,No.
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Sharon is in bed looking bored."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"Randy, it's getting late. Let's just go to sleep."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"[at his computer playing away] I almost got it, Sharon. I found out where the horse is; now I just gotta figure out how to tame one."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,I'm really not in the mood now anyway.
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Sharon, I miss being intimate with you! Everything was so passionate and then it just... dropped off. I feel like we're losing our bond."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,We don't have to have sex for our relationship to be good.
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"No, I know, but it's like we're just good friends. A marriage has to be more than that! A marriage has to include fulfillment of fantasy and desire sometimes. Magma cube? What the hell is a magma cube?"
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"[settling in] Well I'm going to sleep, Randy."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Okay, I'll wake you up if we get our murder porn back."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallways, day. Stan and Kyle walk down the hall"
Informative Murder Porn,Jimmy,There he is. Hey Kyle! [arrives with Craig and Tweek] The parental lock isn't working. Our parents are still watching murder porn.
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,What? How do you know?
Informative Murder Porn,Tweek,I caught my parents over at Bebe's house watching Sunsets of Homicide. But Bebe got the lock from the cable company!
Informative Murder Porn,Craig,It's true. I walked in on my parents watching Marital Murder Mayhem. They broke the parental lock somehow.
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,That's impossible. Are you guys sure you set it up right?
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"You guys? [Stan and Kyle turn to face him. He's at the end of the hall] You guys, you'd better get over here."
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,What?
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,Butters' dad killed his mom. [Stan and Kyle look at each other in disbelief]
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Around the corner, down another hall. Butters is sitting on the floor crying. Around him are Bebe, Wendy, Kenny consoling him, and Cartman. Stan, Kyle, Craig, Tweek, and Jimmy arrive and a few other kids gather around"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"Butters, what happened?"
Informative Murder Porn,Butters,"[through his tears] I was out by the lake last night and I saw my dad out in this field. He was harvesting sugarcane. It didn't make any sense because he was trying to harvest the sugarcane with a hammer. I saw him take my mom up to the top of this big... thing he had built, and he yelled ""Hey, watch out for the Creepers!"" but she fell!"
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Wait... wait, you mean in Minecraft?"
Informative Murder Porn,Butters,Yeah. And then my dad just went berserk and came over and picked me up and threw me down a well! [Mr. Mackey happens along] I was trapped down there all night!
Informative Murder Porn,Mr. Mackey,"Butters, your dad threw you down a well?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,In Minecraft.
Informative Murder Porn,Mr. Mackey,Well what the hell is that?
Informative Murder Porn,Butters,I finally found a ladder and I was able to hoist myself out and there was my dad... frozen in the lake! It was like he had no idea how to swim out of it! Oh God it was so terrible! It was so terrible!
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,[turns left] That's it. [walks a bit] That's how our parents broke the passcode. I never thought anyone would stoop so low!
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,Whattaya mean?
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,Someone is teaching our parents Minecraft. [dramatic flourish]
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dawn. Two officers knock on his door. He answers it in his bathrobe"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Yes?
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 1,"Hello sir, had a little incident last night, wondering if you saw or heard anything?"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"No, what happened?"
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 1,"Well, someone broke into your next door neighbor's back yard and they... dug up a bunch of holes and punched his trees."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Punched his trees, huh?"
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 1,Yes sir. Then we got a house across the street where someone dug up the yard and... built a cabin.
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Huh. [puts his hands on his hips] That's weird.
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 1,What were you doing last night?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,I was just playing Mi- mmmmuh... my banjo.
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 2,I play the banjo too.
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 1,"Well, thanks for your time sir. You might wanna keep the lights on in your yard tonight in case someone tries to build a cabin on it as well."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Will do, officer. Will... do... [the officers turn and leave]"
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"South Park County Community Center, day. The kids are back inside, clamoring. Kyle is at the podium, and Stan stands next to him"
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Alright, alright, let's calm down! I know we're all concerned here!"
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"Concerned?! Thanks to you and your stupid app, parents are still watching murder porn, and now they're screwing up Minecraft too! [the kids clamor for a few seconds]"
Informative Murder Porn,Craig,"I spent three hours last night trying to get Tweek's parents to stop griefing my castle! When I finally got away from them, I found they had taken all my dandelions!"
Informative Murder Porn,Clyde,Why did we agree to that stupid app?!
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,You know why! Because we're trying to keep our parents from watching murder porn!
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"And why was that?! Because one kid's dad actually went and killed his mom! For all we know, that kid's parents have been doing drugs and cheating on each other for years! Maybe watching murder porn had nothin' to do with it!"
Informative Murder Porn,Wendy,I have to agree with Cartman. Maybe we overreacted when our parents-
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"Boooooo! Boo Wendy, boooo."
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"It's true, dude. Maybe we just need to trust that our parents won't act out what they see. [police sirens are heard]"
Informative Murder Porn,Officer 3,"All right, that's enough. Come on out and there won't be any trouble. [the kids pour out of the rec center and into some bright spotlights.] Give it up, Stotch. You've nowhere to run."
Informative Murder Porn,Butters,Huh?
Informative Murder Porn,Stephen,"I'll never give up! [the kids look up, and the next camera shows a makeshift castle built over the rec center, made of blocks of wood with pictures all over them] I don't even remember doing this! Just leave me alone!"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"[steps forward carrying a large hammer] Huhuh. Oh nice one, Stotch! Your castle fuckin' sucks!"
Informative Murder Porn,Stephen,"Aw, go to hell, you griefer!"
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"Alright, we've gotta do something."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Corey's house, day. Kyle knocks on Corey's door. Stan, Cartman and Kenny are with him."
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,[in a trembling voice] Hello?
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,Corey Lanskin?
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,Eh yes?
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,We heard that you might be teaching Minecraft to adults.
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"[sucks on his lollipop] Whaaa? What's a, what's a ""Minequaf""?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"Look dude, we're trying to keep our parents away from graphic television shows! This could be a matter of life and death!"
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Oh no, please don't be angry. My mommy's always angry. ""Get back in the meat locker!"" ""Ouchie ouchie Mommy raped my nono!"" But she loves me, right? Mommy loves me?"
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Uh alright, sorry kid. Gue- guess we have the wrong house."
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Ohhhkay. [goes back inside] Bye. [closes the door. The boys turn around and leave, but Cartman stops on the walkway. A few seconds later the other three boys return]"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"What, dude?"
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"Something he said. Did you hear him? He said ""Ouchie ouchie Mommy raped my nono!"""
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,So?
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,"You know, if I'd been caught lying about something, that's exactly what I would have said."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, in Corey's basement, new players at the the computers. Only four of them this time, including Craig's parents and Clyde's father."
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,Now that you've built a workbench it's time to build somethin' that will take care of all those fuckin' sheep! [the boys have found the basement and come down the stairs] Just stop thinkin' with your grown-up brains and start usin' your-
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,Aha! [the boys reach the floor]
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,Oh shit! [the adults quickly leave]
Informative Murder Porn,Kenny,(I knew you're up to something!)
Informative Murder Porn,Cartman,Son of a bitch! [grabs Corey by the collar] Don't you think there are enough griefers in the world without our parents being shown this stuff?!
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Kids gotta find some way to make a livin', don't 'e?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"You have no idea what this is about, do you?! We were using Minecraft to block our parents from watching spousal homicide shows!"
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,What? You mean like Investigation Discovery?
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,So you know it.
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Yeah, I've seen that stuff. [Cartman releases him] ""'Oo The Bleep Did I Marry?"", ""True Crime with Aphrodite Jones"". Real sick shit. Your parents watch that stuff?"
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"We put a stop to it, until YOU taught them Minecraft."
Informative Murder Porn,Corey,"Your problem ain't with me, mates. Sure, one or two people might act out what they see in video games, but cable television? [takes out a cigarette and lighter and lights up the cigarette, then starts smoking.] People copy everything they see people do on cable. You're goin' about this all wrong. You wanna protect your family? You're gonna have to go fight the cable company."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The cable company, day. The boys walk up to the cable guy"
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"Hey guys, can I help you?"
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Hello. There are certain networks that we see as harmful to our families, and we want them removed, please."
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"[taunting] Ohhh, you don't want cable anymore?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"No no, [whips out a list and reads it] just ID Network, A&E, Oxygen, and Oprah's network. All the ones with murder porn."
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"You don't like paying for all the channels? [begins rubbing his nipples through his shirt] Ohh, our company actually packages channels together."
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"Look, can you unpackage them so we only get the channels we want?"
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"Oh I'm sorry. Our company doesn't work that way. [lowers his hands as if to look up something] You want me to give you the number of a different cable company that can- [goes back to rubbing his nipples] Oh wait, we're it, aren't we? [rips off the patches and rubs his nipples again] Dangit, I guess you have to deal with our packages."
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,Can we talk to your supervisor please?!
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"Oh, sure. Hey David?"
Informative Murder Porn,David,"[arrives] Hi, is there a problem here? [rips off the patches on his shirt and prepares to rub]"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,We want specific networks dropped from our cable.
Informative Murder Porn,David,[taunting. Both men are now rubbing their nipples] Ohhh you have to pay for the bundle. You can't just pay for what you wanna watch. Darn it.
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,You mean that we're forced to pay for the Oprah channel?
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,"I guess if you don't wanna be [lowers his left hand from his nipple so that David starts rubbing it with his right hand. He in turn begins to rub David's right nipple with his left hand] forced to pay for Oprah, you're gonna have to shut off your cable altogether."
Informative Murder Porn,Kyle,"Fine, [folds his arms over his chest] then we'll shut our cable off altogether!"
Informative Murder Porn,David,Hey Mitch? When can you get out to shut off some cable boxes?
Informative Murder Porn,Mitch,"[at his office rubbing his nipples] Oh man, it's gonna be like three weeks. There's a whole plug I have to pull out; it's like four inches long."
Informative Murder Porn,David,"[now rubbing both of the cable guy's nipples, while the cable guy rubs his left nipple now] Three weeks, huh? Okay, is three weeks from now okay with you guys?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"No, that's way too long!"
Informative Murder Porn,Cable Guy,Oh it is?
Informative Murder Porn,David,"Oh Jeez, that's terrible."
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"Goddammit, I just don't want my parents to murder each other! [the men stop rubbing] Can't you see that all we're trying to do is keep our families safe? Look, ah I don't know if seeing couples murder each other on television is gonna make my parents do it, and we probably won't be able to stop them from watching what they wanna watch. All we're trying to do is make it a little more difficult for them. Because cable makes is so convenient. Sure, if they didn't have easy access to their murder porn channels, they'd be bummed out, but it's not just our responsibility to give them what they want. Is it?"
Informative Murder Porn,David,Say... say that last part again?
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,What?
Informative Murder Porn,David,Well what was the last part you said?
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,I said it's not our responsibility to give them what they want.
Informative Murder Porn,David,"Nono, the part about your parents not getting the channels easily?"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,I... said it would really bum them out.
Informative Murder Porn,David,How... [he and the cable guy being to rub their nipples again] How much would it bum them out?
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"A screen read ""PLEASE STAND BY FOR AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE"""
Informative Murder Porn,Announcer,"Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by for an important message from the president of your local cable company."
Informative Murder Porn,President,"Hello. In an effort to comfort the anguished cries or children everywhere, your local cable company has decided to drop all networks that sexualize spousal homicides from regular programming. Customers still wishing to view true-crime networks will now need to purchase a separate package [pulls back his coat and rips some patches off his dress shirt] which will require a technician to service your cable box every night from 2 to 3 am. and must include the purchase of 300 channels in Portuguese. We realize this may be an inconvenience to you, and we hope you will voice ALL your concerns to us, because at your local cable company the customer is always... our bitch."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The Marsh breakfast nook, morning. Stan is doing some homework at the table. Randy is mad and isn't talking to anyone, and he has his arms crossed over his chest. Sharon is washing dishes"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Jaden Smith lets his parents do whatever they want. You know what? The guys at work, they took a bet on who would win in a fight, you or Jaden Smith, and they all said Jaden Smith could kick your ass! He does movies and he can sing, and he's totally cool to his parents!"
Informative Murder Porn,Stan,"Well then maybe you should go live with Jaden Smith, Dad."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,[gets up angrily from his chair] I wish I could! I wish I could live with Jaden Smith so I could be rich and I wouldn't have to live in a boring sexless marriage where all your mom and I do piss each other off! [Sharon stops washing the dishes and leaves the kitchen. Randy notices and follows her with his eyes] Oh crap.
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,In the living room. Randy appears at the kitchen doorway
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Sharon, I'm I'm sorry. [approaches her]"
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"No, you'r right, Randy. Without any sex we just seem to get madder and madder at each other."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"[puts his arms on her shoulders] No, no, you're right, Sharon. We don't need informative murder porn to find passion in our marriage. We just have to get the spark back. Let's go away somewhere, me and you! Somewhere exciting and beautiful where we can just focus on us."
Informative Murder Porn,Scene Description,"The world of Minecraft. A high cliff is shown, with a waterfall and mountain goats. At the foot of this cliff is a lake and a park. A fire pit is nearby, lit and roaring. Randy's Minecraft avatar shows up"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Sharon? Heh, hey Sharon, are you here?"
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"I'm here, Randy."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"It's beautiful, isn't it? Come on ever here, I built us a fire. Look what I got you. [presents a gem]"
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,Diamonds. [takes them] They're beautiful
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Just thought I'd surprise you. And there's more where that came from.
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"I've got a surprise for you too, Randy."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Oh yeah? What's that? [Sharon whips out an axe and jams it into Randy's forehead] AAAGH! [Randy falls on his side and dies. In real life...] Sharon, what the effing fuck was that?![Sharon is smiling]"
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,Sorry. I couldn't resist.
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Jesus, you stuck a pick axe right in my skull!"
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,Oh I did! That felt really great.
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,Felt great?
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,[getting sensuous] Yeah...
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Well, hold on, stay by the lake. I wanna kill you now."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"Okay. [hours later, Stan comes home from school. He comes up the stairs wearing his backpack and hears his parents having a good time in their room. He walks over and goes in without knocking] Oh my God, you put that sword right through my face!"
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,That felt so good!
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,My turn again.
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Okay, hang on."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,I've always thought about murdering you in your sleep. Can you go to the cabin and get in bed?
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"Yeah, okay, I'm headin' there now."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,You lazy jerk! You never do anything around the house! [CHUNK!]
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,"OH! Ohoho, you bitch! [Stan looks down, then turns around and walks out] Ohohunh."
Informative Murder Porn,Sharon,"Oh I love you, Randy."
Informative Murder Porn,Randy,I love you too babe. [CHUNK! She got him again] OH!
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the school halls. Token is at his locker switching books when Cartman comes 'round the corner"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Hey Token! [walks up to Token] What's up, bro?"
World War Zimmerman,Token,Nothing.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"""Nothin'"" Me neither. Nothin's goin' on. Sucks. [sniffs] Everything good with you?"
World War Zimmerman,Token,Yeah.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Sweet. [Jimmy walks over and Cartman notices him] Hey Jimmy, what are you doin'?"
World War Zimmerman,Jimmy,"Uh, I'm just gettin' ready for cla-"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Yeah, I'm just hangin' out with Token. Did you know that if it wasn't for African-Americans, we wouldn't have Rock & Roll? So cool that we have a black President. [Jimmy walks away and Token is done at his locker] About time. [Stan and Kyle stop to watch]"
World War Zimmerman,Stan,Is he doing it again?
World War Zimmerman,Kyle,He's doing it a-gain.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Dude, um, what are doing after school, Token? You wanna, you wanna hang out? [Token puts one last book in before closing his locker]"
World War Zimmerman,Token,"I uhhh, have band practice."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"God you are sooo cool. Alright bro, I'll catch you at recess. [makes a fist with his left hand and straightens out his arm toward Token] Fist bump. Fist bump, bro. [Token reluctantly makes a fist with his right hand and bumps Cartman's fist with it. He leaves, and Cartman moves on in a happy mood, stopping by Stan and Kyle]"
World War Zimmerman,Stan,"Cartman, are you feeling alright?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Yeah, I feel great. Why? [looks back] You think something's wrong? [moves on, not smiling]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Herbert Garrison's classroom, later in the day. He's teaching about the French Revolution by way of Les Misérables, on the chalkboard."
World War Zimmerman,Herbert Garrison,"Alright, now the French Revolution was basically started by a young man named Marius. [underlines the name], who only knew Jean Valjean as an older man, and uh- [Cartman interrupts him with a grunt] ...uh, the French government at the time was led by Javert, who was trying to-"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Mister! [Herbert Garrison turns around] No! Stop, Token, stop! My brains! Stop eating my brains! Brad Pitt! [wakes up violently and looks bewildered. Token is stunned, and Herbert Garrison, with his arms crossed, is not pleased.] Hey Token. What's up, bro? [makes a fist and extends it towards Cartman] Fist bump? [Token is unmoved and upset]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Moments later, at Mr. Mackey's office..."
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, somethin' is clearly wrong, m'kay, and it would be best to jus' get it out in the open."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,It's Token. I think he's a ticking time bomb.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,And why do you think Token is a tickin' time bomb?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,He's pissed off. Because of something that happened a long time ago but he won't forget.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,Do you think he blames you for somethin'?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"But it wasn't me, it wasn't my fault!"
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Wull have you, thought about maybe writin' your feelin's down? In a poem? Uh- write a poem and give that to, g-give that to Token?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"No, it's too gay. It would only make things worse."
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Well Eric, you need to do somethin' because you keep losing sleep. M'kay and sleep is very important to your success at school. M'kay?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,M'kay. Ahah-I'll be m'kay.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, you sure? Because I'm here when you need me."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,M'kay.
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's having nightmares."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"No, Token! Leave Brad Pitt alone! Brad Pitt is fighting zombies! No ah Token, Token!"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Cartman's dream, morning. He voices all the characters in it. A family is seated in a breakfast nook in a kitchen. The girls are giggling."
World War Zimmerman,Karin,"[serving pancakes] Eat your breakfast, girls. [turns around to put the pan back on the stove]"
World War Zimmerman,Rachel,Where's Daddy?
World War Zimmerman,Karin,You can eat without your father in the room. Now hurry. [the girls giggle and the older one notices someone]
World War Zimmerman,Rachel,Daddy!
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"Good morning, girls. [walks in fully dressed, with a cup of coffee already in hand.] Save Daddy any pancakes? Look at that? Six A.M. and my family is already smiling. [Karin walks over and kisses him]"
World War Zimmerman,Karin,How did I get such a perfect husband?
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,How did I get such a beautiful wife?
World War Zimmerman,Rachel,"I love you, Dad."
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"I love you too, Princess. I love both of you, equally."
World War Zimmerman,Karin,"Nothing can ever go wrong, so long as we all have each other."
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,News report inside the dream. Gerry turns around to see the TV
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"Today apparently will be the day! CNN has just received word that a verdict in the George Zimmerman trial is expected to come at any moment! Zimmerman is accused of shooting Trayvon Martin, and a jury will now decide his fate."
World War Zimmerman,Constance,"Daddy, who is Trayvon Martin?"
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,[turns around] Nobody. L-let's just get you girls to school.
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Cartman's dream, downtown, some minutes later. He's on a one-way street with a bunch of other cars all trying to move, but stuck. Somehow, the family remains chipper"
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,Is it bigger than a bread box?
World War Zimmerman,Rachel,"What's a bread box, Dad?"
World War Zimmerman,Constance,"Heehee, Dad is so kewl."
World War Zimmerman,Karin,You can say that again.
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"[getting worried] Why aren't we moving? What's gong on? [turns on the radio to 106.7 FM and Michael Bublé's ""It's A Beautiful Day"" comes out of the speakers. The family sways along to the beat. A news report comes on the air]"
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"We interrupt this cool song for a news bulletin. A verdict has just been handed down in the case of George Zimmerman. In a shocking turn of events, the jury has found George Zimmerman not guilty!"
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"Oh my God. [fleeing white people run by his car, quickly overtaken by pissed-off black people]"
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"Many African-Americans are outraged by the verdict, and they are most likely about to go totally nanners. [some of them surround the car. One of them punches a window and cracks it, a second cracks the passenger window with his head, a third crawls up on the hood and breaks the windshield with his head, sticking his head inside the car]"
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,AAAAAH!
World War Zimmerman,Protester,"Fuck you, Brad Pitt!"
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"Let's bail! [steps on the gas and runs over a protester, ripping him to shreds. His car runs into another car and the protester on his hood flies off.] Everyone get out of the car! Go! [the family gets out and runs through the rioting crowd. They climb up a fire escape and onto the roof of a building, then look down over the riot. What they see is amazing: African-Americans converge and climb the side of the building in a great mass of humanity. Some of them fall back towards the street, but the mass gets closer and closer to the roof] Oh my god RUN! [they turn left and come face to face with... Token] WAAH! Token. No, Token, we had nothing to do with this. I know you're pissed off, but but be reasonable!"
World War Zimmerman,Token,"Fuck you, Brad Pitt!"
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"No! Nonono! [Token lunges at him] Nooo! [Cartman wakes up, touches himself to make sure he's there, and chuckles nervously]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the school halls. Token is at his locker switching books when Cartman comes 'round the corner. This time, he looks beat and walks slowly. He sees Token and walks towards him. He didn't get much sleep, and he sounds it"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Hey Token? How are you doing?
World War Zimmerman,Token,I'm good.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,That's awesome. I'm so stoked that we're best friends. [puts his left fist forward] Fist bump. [leans to his left a little] Fist bump. [Token closes his locker and hurries away]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's classroom, later in the day. Cartman is having nightmares again."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"No! My wife, Token! Token, that's my wife!"
World War Zimmerman,Token,"Okay, really?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,No Token! Stop beating my daughter! NOOO! [wakes up]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, some minutes later."
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Now Eric, whatever it is you and Token are going through, you need to talk through it, m'kay? The problems you two are havin' have become a distraction for everybody else. Agreed?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Agreed.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Okay. Token, come on in, please. [the door opens and Token walks in, closing it behind him. Token takes a seat next to Cartman]"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Hoh boy, here we go."
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Token, I've been talkin' with Eric and he's really upset that you two aren't gettin' along. You have some things you wanna say, Eric?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"[after a few seconds] Token, I wasn't on that jury. Okay?"
World War Zimmerman,Token,...What jury?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"This grudge that you're holding against an entire group of people should be directed at just a few, not at me."
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Okay Token, what are your feelings about that?"
World War Zimmerman,Token,"[looks at Eric for a few seconds, then answers] I don't know what to say."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"I wrote a poem. Is it okay if I read my poem? [pulls out his poem and begins] It's called ""I Was Not The Bullet."" [clears his throat] I was not the bullet. I was not the gun. I was not the juror that set the shooter free. I was not the trigger. I was not the hate. Nor was I the judge, but still, you judge me? I was not the black family mourning for the dead. ""Oooo, somebody shot our children. Lordy, what we do now?"" I was not the verdict."
World War Zimmerman,Token,This isn't a poem. It doesn't even rhyme.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"It's going to rhyme, Token, just hold on. I was not the shooter. I was not the gun. So Token, you should be cool while we're all here at school. [folds his poem up and puts it away.]"
World War Zimmerman,Token,Can I go back to class now?
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, do you feel better about all this?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Yeah, yeah I do. I think we really had a breakthrough here."
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, thanks Token. [Token gets up and leaves the office]"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,It's gonna be okay. I think we're all safe now.
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the gym. The students are assembled there. The cheerleaders take the court. Among them is Lorraine, who has previously been mocked for her clothes"
World War Zimmerman,Cheerleaders,"We are Cows, proud and true! Come on, South Park, moo moo moo! Goooo Cows!"
World War Zimmerman,Principal Victoria,"Ooookay, thank you, cheerleaders. That was very nice. Ahhh, next we have a student who would like to perform an original rap song, [Nicole sits down next to Token] based on his award-winning poem, ""I Was Not The Bullet,"" with backup music by Butters Stotch. [Butters walks up, takes the mic, and starts beatboxing. Cartman walks up and starts rapping]"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman (Butters),"Black or white, it's alright. Black or white, let's not fight. I was not the bullet. I was not the gun. I was not the jury, so don't blame me, son! James my man was wrong (It's not our fault). James my man was wrong (It's not Eric's fault). Black or white, it's alright. Black or white, let's not fight. White people say Ho-oh!"
World War Zimmerman,The kids,Ho-oh.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Black people say He-ey! [Token and Nicole stay quiet] Cool. White people say Ho ho! [Token and Nicole begin to get mad]
World War Zimmerman,The kids,Ho ho!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Black people say Hey hey hey! [no reply] Uh oh, I think the white people are winning! White people got you beat, black people; you'd better represent! Let me hear you say ""I don't blame the white people. No no no!"""
World War Zimmerman,Token,"[stands up in defiance] Alright, that's enough! [Butters stops and looks, then gets dismayed] You think I should feel bad for you because of the Trayvon Martin verdict?!"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Token, calm down."
World War Zimmerman,Token,What the hell is wrong with you?! Why are you all here listening to this?!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Oh God here it comes! Get down everybody! Get down now! [throws his mic down and runs off]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. Cartman runs into view, rounds the corner and runs towards home"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Clear the streets! Everyone clear the streets! We've gotta get the fuck out of here! [runs inside his house] Mom it's starting! We've gotta go! [runs up to his room and opens a drawer. He rifles through it looking for something] Come on, come on! [finds a red safety box with ""BRAD PITT SURVIVAL GEAR"" printed on the lid and on the panel under the clasp. He opens it and pulls out a gun and a Brad Pitt costume. He puts the costume on, takes the gun, and runs out into the street] Come on, we've gotta move! It's spreading! Let's go! [nearby, a couple is on their front lawn. The man is trimming bushes while his wife is shoveling snow by the front door.]"
World War Zimmerman,Woman,Does that little boy have a gun?
World War Zimmerman,Man,Get inside. [drops his shears and heads for the door]
World War Zimmerman,Woman,But-
World War Zimmerman,Man,"Get inside! [they both go inside. Cartman crosses the stret and a car almost runs him over, but he sidesteps the car and holds his gun out. The car stops and he gets inside]"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,[frantically] Driiive! You've gotta driiive! Nooow!
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,What's going on?!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Get to an airport!
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,An airport?! But...?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"We've got about ten minutes before this entire country is up in flames! If you wanna live, you'd better step on the gas! Oh wait, is this a Tesla? Shit! Well press on the prissy pedal! We're gonna die!! [she presses the pedal and takes off]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"The airport, later."
World War Zimmerman,Announcer,Now calling rows 10 through 30 for boarding.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,The outbreak has started! We've gotta get the fuck out of here! [enters the tunnel]
World War Zimmerman,Passenger 1,An outbreak? [covers his mouth with his sweater]
World War Zimmerman,Passenger 2,Which one?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Get on the flight! Let's move! Let's go go go go! [Nelly's Mom rushes into the plane. Three black security guards appear] Oh my God! [closes the plane's door and locks it. The guards try to get in, but Cartman holds the handle down with all his might]"
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,"My God, what's going on out there?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,The outbreak's starting! Fly the plane now! [the plane takes off moments later]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"The airplane, now in the air and safe to walk around in"
World War Zimmerman,Co-pilot,Maybe now you can tell us what the hell is going on?!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,The e-... The end of the world? We've got one shot and one shot only and that's to find a place where the contagion won't reach us!
World War Zimmerman,Passenger 3,What contagion? My wife didn't get on the plane. [to the copilot] Take this plane back to Denver!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,You don't understand. There's no Denver left to go back to! [the passengers all take their seats.]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,The control tower. Everyone there is running around trying to figure out how a plane got off without authorization
World War Zimmerman,Captain,Alright what the hell is going on here?!
World War Zimmerman,Worker 1,"We don't know anything. First there was talk of a hijacking, then reports of an outbreak of some kind."
World War Zimmerman,Worker 2,Confirmed report of panic in a rural town in the Colorado Rockies!
World War Zimmerman,Worker 3,"Sir, the pilot of flight 82 wants an update. They're asking permission to land."
World War Zimmerman,Captain,Stall them. I don't want that plane landing anywhere until we know what the hell we're dealing with!
World War Zimmerman,Worker 4,"[walks up with a book] Sir, you'd better look at this. This was found in the airport lavatory. It seems to be a survival guide of some kind."
World War Zimmerman,Captain,Survival of what?
World War Zimmerman,Worker 4,"From the looks of it, a contagion outbreak of the worst kind. [the book shows a page of black zombies attacking everyone else]"
World War Zimmerman,Captain,Oh my God.
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,"DA43 to tower, please advise! [hangs up the mic] Damnit! They aren't telling me anything!"
World War Zimmerman,Co-pilot,Do you think it's a virus?
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,"Virus, bacteria, either way we're all dead! Find out if he thinks it's safe to land in Los Angeles."
World War Zimmerman,Co-pilot,What about Los Angeles? Can we take the plane to Los Angeles?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Not a chance. By now most of the urban cities will be compromised. This whole things from city to city. We need to go somewhere the trend won't take hold. Like Iceland. [points to the island on a map.]
World War Zimmerman,Co-pilot,This plane won't make it to Iceland!
World War Zimmerman,Passenger 3,"You got a better idea, asshole?!"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Everyone quiet! I have to think!
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,"Yes, let him think!"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"I can't think here. I need a magazine and a toilet. [heads off to the restroom. He sees the ""vacant"" sign and opens the door, only to see a black man on the toilet]"
World War Zimmerman,Occupant,"Oh, I'm just finishing up."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Nah! [shuts the door and jumps back, then throws everything he can at the door so the occupant can't exit]"
World War Zimmerman,Occupant,Hey!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,[running back to his seat] One of them is in the back!
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,What?!
World War Zimmerman,Passenger 3,What do you mean?!
World War Zimmerman,Co-pilot,"Everyone just calm down! We have to stay in control! [the occupant is still trying to get out, and everyone on the plane faces the lavatory door. The occupant begins to grunt and growl]"
World War Zimmerman,Passenger 4,"[at one of the doors] I won't become one of them! [forces it open. It rips away, and he flies out. Other things fly out behind them. The other passengers and crew hang on for dear life. The occupant finally exits the lavatory]"
World War Zimmerman,Co-pilot,"Shoot it! [instead of waiting for Cartman to shoot the occupant, he takes Cartman's gun and shoots him. The occupant ducks and the bullet ricochets a few times. It hits the ceiling, which causes an explosion.]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary playground, day. Butters is skipping rope with a bunch of girls while Stan and Kyle play catch the football with some other guys"
World War Zimmerman,Girls,"Engine engine #9 running down Chicago Line, if the train should jump the track do you want your money back? [the plane appears and only Stan notices it falling to its doom]"
World War Zimmerman,Butters,Yes.
World War Zimmerman,Girls,"Y-E-S spells yes- [the plane hits a mountain top, then breaks apart as it goes down the mountain.]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, some time later"
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Now, Token, what you need to understand, m'kay, is that a school assembly is not the time and the place to be yellin' and causin' distractions. M'kay? If there's somebody causin' you problems, then we don't disrupt the assembly, m'kay. You come and you talk to me."
World War Zimmerman,Token,He's just out looking for trouble.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Well that's your side of it, Token, but you know Eric has his side as well. Have you thought about maybe writin' him a poem? M'kay? Write E- write Eric a poem, tell him how you feel. [smoke from the plane crash rises behind the mountains] You know, m'kay? Well I'm tellin' you, Token, you let it go, and he'll let it go, and it'll all be fine. Can ya?"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"The crash site. Cartman comes to and leaves the wreckage. Nelly's Mom is nearby, and she's calling someone"
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,"No, the plane crashed. We're in the Colorado mountains somewhere. [the call drops] Matt? Matt?! [notices Cartman and walks up to him to explain] My husband. He said the outbreak was all over the news, but everything was totally fine where he was."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Totally fine? Then it hasn't happened yet. Oh my God, we still have time!"
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,"[barely alive] Help! Help me! [Cartman runs up to him] Please, I have two little girls in Chicago. Please find them!"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,It's okay. We have reason to believe it hasn't spread yet.
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,Then you have to stop it.
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,Yes!
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,And there must be... a Patient Zero... The person it all starts from.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,His name is Token.
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,"We have to kill him, before he infects everyone else!"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,I won't do it! He used to be my friend!
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,You have to! You have to be strong. If you can stop this- if you can save the world- then you have to do it. [coughs up blood] Promise me! Promise... me!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,[sighs] Alright. I promise. I won't let the black people riot and destroy the world.
World War Zimmerman,Pilot,"Thank you-wait, what? [sits up, but dies a few seconds later]"
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,Oh my God! Oh my God!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,We're gonna live through this! Do you hear me?!
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,Yes!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,[takes her hand] Come on! [they leave the crash site]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's watching TV from the sofa"
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"First, a wave of 911 calls about a virus, and now a plane has apparently gone down in the Colorado Rocky Mountains. Is this the beginning of the end?"
World War Zimmerman,Butters,Oh boy! Zombie apocalypse!
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"The government is looking for a Patient Zero, going only off of this sketch which was found in a notebook at the airport. [Butters suddenly recognizes the person in the picture] Anyone with information regarding Patient Zero is asked to contact the authorities immediately."
World War Zimmerman,Butters,Holy Moly.
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Jimbo's Guns, day. Cartman and Nelly's Mom reach it and go inside. Cartamn closes the door"
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,Can I help you?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Stay by the window! Tell me if anything changes! [walks up to the counter] I need something that can shoot with complete accuracy from a distance.
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,"Alright, you want a rifle! [turns around and takes a rifle from the wall, then turns back and hands it to Cartman] well, like this .22 caliber. [Cartman looks it over, and Jimbo puts his hand on his hip] What is it you intend to shoot?"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,A person. [Nelly's Mom looks around]
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,...You mean a person who's threatening you?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Threatening all of us!
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,"Please, please hurry! It's important!"
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,"Well, you should be fine so long as the person breaks into your house and is an immediate threat to you."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,What?! How am I supposed to get a person to break into my house?!
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,"You can't shoot someone who threatens you just out on the street. Well unless of course you're in a state that has a ""stand your ground"" law."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Stand my ground?
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,Please! We're running out of time!
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,"See now with a ""stand your ground"" law, you could legally shoot somebody that's threatening you whether they're in your house or not."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Yes yes, that's what I need! I'll take that!"
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,"No, no, see, you've gotta be IN a state with a ""stand your ground"" law, like Florida."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"[walks away from the counter] This is hopeless. How am I supposed to shoot Token with all these stupid rules?! [his eyes light up] Wait a minute. I can't shoot Token, [turns around] but I can shoot anyone I want in Florida?"
World War Zimmerman,Jimbo,So long as they're threatening you.
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,"What?! What is it, please?! Hurry, my husband might still be alive!"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,The other way to stop the outbreak. Token isn't the only Patient Zero. The outbreak won't happen if... we shoot George Zimmerman. We have to get to Florida!
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Cartman and Nelly's Mom are back at Denver Airport, and the sequence of events from the first plane crash repeat themselves here: Cartman and Nelly's Mom run into the airplane"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Let's go, let's go! Let's move move move move! Let's go![the plane takes off. Once in the air...] Find the closest airport in Florida! [injects himself with something]"
World War Zimmerman,Flight Attendant,This plane is going to Baltimore.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"If we don't get to Florida there's not going to be a Baltimore left! [everyone sits down] Black guy in the back! [the plane crashes into the Everglades. Cartman and Nelly's Mom make it out of the wreckage] Alight, now let's find Zimmerman."
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Florida, evening. A weather-beaten yellow truck crashes into a state sign. Cartman and Nelly's Mom get out and meet behind the truck bed. Cartman opens up his bag."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Put this on. We have to stay hidden from here out. [hands her a black sweater, which she puts on as she walks onto the roadway]"
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,What are we going to do?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,I'm going to flush out Patient Zero. And you're gonna shoot him. It's the only way.
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,What if he attacks us first?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Don't worry, nobody can see us wearing black."
World War Zimmerman,Nelly's mom,"I haven't had the time to thank you, for doing what you've d- [a Moov-It truck slams into her and carries her body away. Cartman is confused]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Florida, day. The camera pans down and lands on the Zimmerman residence. A family is seated in the breakfast nook in the kitchen. The girls are giggling."
World War Zimmerman,Mrs. Zimmerman,"[serving pancakes] Eat your breakfast, girls. [turns around to put the pan back on the stove]"
World War Zimmerman,Older daughter,Where's Daddy?
World War Zimmerman,Mrs. Zimmerman,You can eat without your father in the room. Now hurry. [the girls giggle and the older one notices someone]
World War Zimmerman,Older daughter,Daddy!
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,"Good morning, girls. [walks in fully dressed, with a cup of coffee already in hand.] Save Daddy any pancakes? Look at that? Six A.M. and my family is already smiling. [Mom walks over and kisses him]"
World War Zimmerman,Mrs. Zimmerman,"How did I get such a perfect husband, George Zimmerman?"
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,And how did I get such a beautiful wife?
World War Zimmerman,Older daughter,"I love you, Dad."
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,"I love you too, Princess. I love both of you, equally."
World War Zimmerman,Mrs. Zimmerman,"Nothing can ever go wrong, so long as we all have each other."
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"[on TV] Is there any hope for stopping the zombie apocalypse? [George Zimmerman turns around to see the news] CNN has just received word that the government has learned the identity of Patient Zero. [the drawing of Token is shown] The nine year old threat to humanity has been tracked down, and measures are being taken to stop him."
World War Zimmerman,Younger daughter,"Daddy, what's a Patient Zero? [a knock is heard at the front door. George Zimmerman turns left and walks to the front door. He opens it and two federal agents face him]"
World War Zimmerman,Agent 1,"Hello, Mr. Zimmerman. Your country needs you."
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,What do you need from me?
World War Zimmerman,Agent 1,We... [holds up a photo of Token] need you to shoot a young African-American for us.
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,[turns and walks away] I gave that up.
World War Zimmerman,Agent 2,"You're the best, Zimmerman. We just need you to do it one more time, for the security of the world!"
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,"Damnit, I have a wife and kids now."
World War Zimmerman,Agent 1,"Then do it for your family! [Cartman appears on the sidewalk, wearing black face paint and a black sweater] This is about protecting people, Zimmerman! Keeping our streets safe so that our children are free to go out... [his voice trails off as Zimmerman focuses on something else]"
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,Something's wrong. [quickly turns around and sees the stranger] Look out! [grabs the gun from one of the agent and fires it twice. Cartman's arm gets hit by a bullet and he falls to the ground]
World War Zimmerman,Agent 1,"My God, I didn't even see him. [the other agent walks over to the body]"
World War Zimmerman,Agent 2,"Nice work, Zimmerman. [George turns and walks over to his family]"
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,Are you guys okay?
World War Zimmerman,Older daughter,"What was that, Daddy?"
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,More needless violence.
World War Zimmerman,Agent 1,"Nonsense, you did what you had to. You're a hero."
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,"That may be true, but I'll have to live with this the rest of my life. Even though I'll be walking around a free man."
World War Zimmerman,Agent 2,"[notices the paint coming off Cartman's face] Hey, wait a minute. This kid isn't black, he's white."
World War Zimmerman,George Zimmerman,"Wait, what?"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,A courtroom. This is a speedy trial. The judge announces his decision with two blows of the gavel
World War Zimmerman,Judge,Guilty!
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"The electic chair. George Zimmerman is tied down to it and the operator brings the switch down for three seconds, then raises it. He lowers it again for two seconds and raises it. Then he does this three times more for a fraction of a second each, then a final time for half a second."
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,A news report
World War Zimmerman,Reporter,"The zombie apocalypse... is over. All the panic, crashing planes and chaos appear to have, for some reason, died with George Zimmerman. And as for the little boy who was so mercilessly gunned down? [a picture of Cartman smiling appears, his left shoulder in a bandage, his right hand giving a thumbs up] Although he survived the shooting, his wishes are to remain anonymous, giving the hospital only the nickname... ""Brad Pitt."" ...But cooler."
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"At one of the boys' homes. Eight of them are sitting around watching the news: Clyde, Kyle, Stan, and Craig on the sofa; Jimmy, Kenny and Butters in front of Clyde, and Token sitting by himself near Craig."
World War Zimmerman,Stan,That sure wasn't much of a zombie apocalypse.
World War Zimmerman,Kyle,"Yeah, that sucked."
World War Zimmerman,Butters,"Well, at least I'll bet Token's glad it's over with. Aren't you, Token? [Token just stands up, looks at the other guys, and walks out. Butters' smile fades]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"On the street, day. Cartman is in the distance, looking at Token. Token notices and faces him"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Hey Token. ...Sup bro? ...How's it goin' dude? I know how it feels now.
World War Zimmerman,Token,You made everyone think I'm a fucking Patient Zero!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Dude, I'm saying I'm sorry."
World War Zimmerman,Token,So what?!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Uh oh. [brings forth a can of red spray paint and paints a red circle around himself in the middle of the street] Sounds like you're still angry, Token."
World War Zimmerman,Token,Fuck you!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Alright Token, come on! This is ridiculous. I know you totally wanna kick my ass right now. You'd like to walk right up and punch me in the face, but what's that gonna solve? I've got a way better idea. [makes a fist with his right hand and puts it forth] First bump? [Token stays put] Come on dude, fist bump. Bump that shit bro. Be the bigger person. [Token walks up to the red circle, then bends forward and offers his left fist. Then he steps into the circle and Cartman quickly shoots him]"
World War Zimmerman,Token,Oh! [falls on his face]
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"That was, he was on my ground. You all saw that, right? Everything inside the red line is mine. [drags Token's body into the circle] Inside the red line is, that's- that's my ground. He was on it. [smiles when no one answers.]"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Cartman's dream, day. He's sailing off in his Brad Pitt costume, with his dream family looking on from shore."
World War Zimmerman,Gerry's Daughters,Daddy!
World War Zimmerman,Gerry,"We're safe, girls! Daddy did it!"
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's class, day. Token is absent. Cartman wakes up screaming... during class. Mr. Garrison crosses his arms again"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Ugh! Oh man. The ending to that movie was so terrible.
World War Zimmerman,Kyle,You're having nightmares about the ending to World War Z again?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Yeah. So bad.
World War Zimmerman,Kyle,That's what bothering you? Not the fact that you're a murderer?
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Jury found me innocent, Kyle!"
World War Zimmerman,Kyle,You're a murderer.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,You interrupt people when they talk.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,[over the PA system] Eric Cartman to the counselor's office please.
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Oh man! [walks out of the room]
World War Zimmerman,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, moments later. Cartman walks in. Token and Cartman immediately notice each other"
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,Oh boy.
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Have a seat, Eric. Now boys, I for one am sick and tired of this little feud you're having, okay? This has clearly gone too far, and you owe each other an apology or you're gettin' detention!"
World War Zimmerman,Token,An apology?! He shot me!
World War Zimmerman,Mr. Mackey,"Well he was technically standing his ground, Token."
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Yeah Token, that's the law! Everything inside the red line is lava."
World War Zimmerman,Token,[stands on his chair] Well it's a pretty fucking stupid law!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Token, calm down."
World War Zimmerman,Token,And why does standing your ground not apply to fucking white people?!
World War Zimmerman,Cartman,"Oh God, here we go again! [runs out of the office in a panic]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Henrietta's room, night. She's holding a dramatic Edgar Allan Poe reading there with her fellow Goths. On a small table nearby sits three candles, two books, a statue, and a black and white picture of a freak show with a sign on it: HUMAN FREAK EXHIBIT"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"So I cast my body into the trails of blood. The knife pierces deep, deep into my lonely eyes. So I can see this black world... no more."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Whoa... That's pretty hardcore. [taps some ashes off his cigarette into his ashtray, then flips his hair]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,That's real pain right there. [taps some ashes off his cigarette into his ashtray]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"That's how I feel, when my mother abuses me. I just wanna escape, to she can't hurt me anymore. [Mrs. Biggle knocks three times on Henrietta's door, then opens it]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"[sing song] Henrietta, sweetie."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"[glares at her] Shut up, Mom! Go away!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"Oh, but remember, Daddy wanted to talk to you in the living room, my dark little princess."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Stop calling me a princess! I'm not a beauty queen in a Disney movie!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,We'll be waiting in the living room.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"[rolls her eyes] God, she just never stops!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The living room, moments later."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,Oh goodness I am so nervous. [Henrietta enters the living room]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,What?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,"Have a seat, Henrietta. [Henrietta sits on the chair]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"Oh, a little family chit-chaaat."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Shut up, Mom!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,"Henrietta, as you know, your mother and I have been concerned about your behavior for some time."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Are we really doing this again?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,"We've had a hard time coping with the dark things you're into, but we've finally had some counseling, and apparently we're not the only parents who have a child that is... emo."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,What?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"But Daddy and I love our little muffin, even if she's emo or not."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,I'm not a fucking emo! Don't you even know the fucking diff!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,Do you know how your foul language breaks your mother's heart?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,Like calling Mommy Demon Jizz.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,"So listen, sweetie, we've found a camp. [her mom brings out a brochure]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Noo...
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,"A camp which is for troubled kids like you, and you get to work outside and learn about responsibility."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"[stands up, ready to leave the room] I'm not going to any fucking camp!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,"It's for two weeks, and when you come back we can talk about earning back some of your privileges."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,I won't come back because I'll be fucking dead. I'll walk out of that camp and I'll walk the streets until I probably get picked up and gangbanged by criminals until I'm bleeding out my fucking eyes!!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,Theeeey have a horseshoe pit where you can challenge the other kids to horsehoooes.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The loading dock at the side of the school, day, the goths' usual gathering spot"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,And that's all you know? what else did she say?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,She said that her parents called her an emo and she had to go to this camp for two weeks.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"[flips hair] Oh my God, for two weeks?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,Is she at the camp now?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"I don't know. [scrolls through his text messages] She texted from the bus they put her on, then she said she wasn't even allowed to have her cell phone where she was going. Then all of a sudden her texts went dark."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,[softly] Whoa...
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,That's fucking creepy man.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,[gets up and walks a bit] I just can't believe it. I can't believe parents would do that to their child.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Child Protective Services, day. The three remaining Goths go to talk to a worker there"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Worker,"Alright now, you say that you witnessed your friend being abused by her parents."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,Yes. They called her an emo.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Worker,What's wrong with that?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Emos suck! Their vile, self-pitying, depressed assholes!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Worker,"So, why do you think they called her that?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Because she's Goth, and some ignorant people don't know the difference!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Worker,What is the difference?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Oh my God! They're totally different!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Worker,"Okay, different how?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"They're, achm, you know, one is good and an' emos are horrible! [flips hair] You're, you know... They're posers!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,Emos suck my Goth balls.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Alright alright, think of it this way: a goth believes that deep down the world is totally fucked up. But an emo thinks that deep down, they are totally fucked up."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Worker,That's not much of a difference.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,That's a huge fucking difference!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Okay okay, look, emos are more prone to suicide."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"This fuckin' bitch, man."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,But goths are more prone to be depressed that so many people commit suicide
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Goth's darkness is nihilistic whereas Emo's is cynical.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Wait, I thought we were cynical. ...What what whatever, it doesn't matter."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"No, see, you're nihilistic."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Oh yeah, you're right."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Troubled Acres Rehab for at-risk teens (with emotional problems... who need structure), day. It's a secluded camp with a large greenhouse in the middle. In a white room is Henrietta, with only a bed and blankets to keep her company. There's an emergency light above the door and a security camera in one upper corner of the room. She kicks and bangs on the door"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Hel-lo?! Somebody let me out of here! You can't treat people like this! [notices the camera and looks at it.] This is fucking ridiculous! What's wrong with you?! I'm gonna go to the fucking cops when I get out of here! [the floor opens up behind her. She turns around to see what's going on, and a plant rises into the room. She looks at the plant, puzzled. It begins to shake like a rattle, then stops]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"A South Park Transit bus stop, day. The three goths await Henrietta's return. Firkle holds a sign that reads ""WELCOME BACK BITCH"""
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"What if she comes back, and she's all preppy and conformist?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,She's only been there two weeks. They can't have changed her that much. Can they have? [the bus arrives and they all turn to look at its stop. The rear doors open and they look in. Henrietta appears and they gasp.]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,"Oh. My. God. [Henrietta steps off, and boy has she changed!]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Hey guys. [she now wears a green headband, pink highlights in her hair, and additional pink makeup around her eyes. The left eye is made to look as though it's been crying. Her gloves are pink and black and instead of her cross necklace, she wears a necklace where the pendant is shaped like a bat]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,What the hell have they done to you?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,What do you mean? They couldn't do anything. They can't fix me. They don't even understand me. [walks away. The other three move a bit to get a better look at her leaving]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,Oh my God it's worse than we thought! They made her emo!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. The kids are tossing basketballs at each other. Kenny tries to climb a rope while a girl looks on. The coach blows his whistle and moves off-screen. As he does so, the Goths are revealed on the bleachers"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,[concerned] Has she said one word to either one of you guys?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Nothing. It's like she's a totally different person. [flip]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"She won't even look at us. All she does now is hang out with the douchebag emo kids. [the camera pans right, across the aisle, and shows Henrietta with her new friends, the Emos]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Emo boy,"God, PE class is for such wannabe posers."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Emo girl,I'd rather kill myself than put on gym shorts.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"I wish there would just be an earthquake, so we could all die."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Uugh, how could she hang out with them??"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,There must something else going on here.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Henrietta's room. She's listening to music on her iPod dock while drawing a picture titled ""I Am Alone."" Someone knocks on her door."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Not now Mom! I'm suicidal!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"[enters] It's not your mom, it's me."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Oh, hey. [lowers the volume.]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,What did they do you? At that camp?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,What do you mean? Just the usual group therapy crap.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Don't take this the wrong way, but I think that place turned you into an emo."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"That's ridiculous. I'm not anything. I don't fit in anywhere. I'm not emo, okay?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Then why are you listening to Sunny Day Real Estate? [she sits up and then turns off the iPod] I was thinking, maybe they just made you confused at that place. Maybe they didn't know what they were doing. But then I started thinking, maybe that place... turned you emo on purpose. Like maybe they knew what they were doing."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"[getting cross, then turns her chair around slowly] You should probably stop digging for answers."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,What?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,There's no winning this for you. [gets off her chair and walks towards him] Soon the entire world will be emo. It is our time.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,Nooo waaaaay.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Nobody understands us. And they won't understand until it is faaar tooo late.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,Omigodnowaaaaaaaaay.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Do not fight it, Michael. Is being emo really all that different from being goth? [sataniccally] Join us!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,[runs out of the house] No waaay! [runs out of the house and across the street and throws his cane away to the ground] No way no waaaaaay!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"A tiny diner, night. Pete is reading a book titled ""The Sinking Girl"" on an armchair"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,A ring tone,Death and despair! Death and despair! Death and despair! Death and desp-
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,[answers it] Hello?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,It's worse than we thought.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,What is? Everything? [flips hair]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"No! I mean Henrietta. I confronted her and she was all like ""I am emo! And emos are going to rule the world"" and I was like ""No waaay!"" and she was like ""Yeah, soon it will be too late."" and I was all ""No waaay!"""
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,No way.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Yeah, so listen: call up Firkle and meet me at Village Inn. I gotta run home, but I'll be there in ten minutes. [rushes home and closes the front door, then runs up the stairs.]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Michael's house, night. He runs upstairs..."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mom,Michael! Michael! [Michael leans over the rail]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Can't now, Mom! I've got an emergency!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Dad,"In the dining room Michael! Let's go! [Michael goes down reluctantly and enters the dining room] Have a seat, son. [Michael takes a seat opposite his dad.] Your mom and I have decided you're going to go away for a little while."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,What??
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Dad,[holds up the same brochure Mrs. Biggle held up two weeks earlier] We've been put in touch with this camp for troubled kids like you and-
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,What the hell are you talking about?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mom,"This place gonna fix you, make you normal child! [moments later his dad takes him outside and toward the truck]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"No! You've gotta listen to me! You don't know what you're doing!! [Dad throws him into the car] You fucking conformists! [the truck starts up and backs out of the driveway. Michael looks across the street and sees Henrietta with her emo friends, two of whom are new. He gasps. As the truck pulls away he screams through the closed window] They're eviillll!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The Village Inn, night. Pete and Firkle are in a booth drinking coffee and smoking."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,I never thought it would end like this. I never thought that Goths would just be slowly replaced by Emos.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,Pete... if they get me... if I get sent to that camp... and I come back Emo... kill me. Promise that you'll kill me.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,[flips hair] I promise.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Waitress,"Hey, you kids need to order somethin' or you need to go! [pours some coffee into Firkle's mug.]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Not now, lady, we're really depressed."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Waitress,So what else is new?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"This is different, okay?! Our two friends are being bodysnatched by Emos! [flips hair] There's only one other group who understands Emos like we do. We're gonna have to team up with the Vampires."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,Are you crazy?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,[leaves the booth] What choice do we have?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,The Vampires are our sworn enemy. We beat up their leader and burned down their lair. Don't you remember?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Yeah I remember. And it may be a suicide mission, but we have to walk right in the middle of the Vampires, and ask them for help."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Conference room B, the noon hour. Vamp kids file in and take seats. The hour is set aside for Vamp kids and Twilight fans"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Vampire,"Okay, let's all be seated please? [the kids quiet down] This is thee noon meeting of the Vamp kids? I am Mike, your lord and dark master, per se."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Vamps,Hail Mike.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"Okay, uhhh, our main order of business is of course the Halloween social. We're still looking for volunteers to make the- [a round of snarls goes up as Pete and Firkle enter the meeting]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mohawk vamp,It's the Goth kids! [moves aside. The other Vamps turn to look at the Goths and take to hissing and snarling at them. A boy vamp steps forward and spits at Pete as Pete and Firkle head for the podium]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Ugh. You spit on me, Larry. [Mike steps down so Pete can address the Vamps] Uhh, hey everybody, uuhm, I know we aren't on the greatest terms right now. We realize we called you all queermos, aaand we're sorry we burned down the Hot Topic at the mall."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,Sorry.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"But, uhhh, we have a bigger problem here, and it's ALL of our problem."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,You've got a lot of nerve coming here!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Now, shut up Mike. Listen, okay? There's a camp that kids like us are being sent to, a-and somehow this place is taking kids like us and... turning them Emo. [the Vamps start talking amongst themselves] Yeah. You might not even be able to tell at first. It could have already happened. One of you might already be turned."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,Okay hold up! Hold up! You mean that one of us might not really be a Vamp kid? [no one says a thing]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Uhhhhh, right."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,"[steps into the aisle and moves forward] Well whoever you is, you better get yo' ass ready to run, muthafucka, 'cause you're a damn traitor! And I bet you it's this little n*gga right here![stops by a Vamp in a skeleton sweater named ""Vladimir""]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Henrietta's house, night. She's in her bedroom with a lot of new Emo friends."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Are you guys getting into that Fall Out Boy concert?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Emo girl,I can't. I'm too depressed. I keep cutting myself.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,Yeah. I'm cutting myself to hurt this worthless body that I'm in. [a knock is heard at her door]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"[sing-song] Henrietta, I baked cookies for your new little Emo friends."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Not now, Mom! Can't you see I'm hurting?! [gets sarcastic] I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment! Sorry I'm not the pretty cheerleader ya always wanted! [her mom takes the cookies back and closes the door. She goes to the living room]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,Does she still seem better?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"Oh, much better! She didn't call me a bitch, and she actually apologized to me."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mr. Biggle,Well that's more like it.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Emo boy 1,"You know what we should do? After us Emos take over the Earth? We should um, paint the White House black. And we should have Fall Out Boy at the Super Bowl. [Mike rises from under the window sill. The Emos don't notice]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Emo boy 2,"We're Emos. [the cowlick Vamp which was called ""Larry"" by Pete rises next to Mike] When we rule the Earth we're not gonna have football."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Emo boy 1,"Oh yeah. [outside, three other Vamps hold up the two boys peering inside the window. Pete and Firkle sit on the roof nearby. The Vamps have seen enough and withdraw from the window]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,And you say she just showed up like this?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,You know Henrietta; that thing in there is not Henrietta!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Cowlick vamp,That blonde Emo is Sarah Collins. She was a Vamp kid two weeks ago.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,You want me to go in there and waste these mothafuckas?! I'll do it!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,We can't just go in there and kick their asses. We have to stop this thing at its source.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"Indeed. If there is some kind of black magic at work creating these monsters, then we will have to use our most powerful Vampiric abilities to stop it."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Cowlick vamp,Do you mean?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"Yes, my child of darkness. We must call upon the powers of the Vamp kids' most sacred entity, per se. Only he can help us in this darkest time. This calls... for a summoning."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The South Park Elementary Library, night. The Goths and Vamps are gathered at a table there, complete with candles"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"We call upon the creator of all that is dark! The godfather of Death and Despair! Edgar Allan Poe, your followers in darkness beg for your help! [everyone looks around, but nothing happens] We summon to the world of the living the great Edgar Allan Poe! Knower of all that is misery! Your children need special guidance! Per se."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"This, is your plan?! Try to summon Edgar Allan Poe back from the dead?!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,Edgar Allan Poe was the original Vamp kid.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"No, he was the original Goth, but he'd been dead for 150 years!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,"Ey, look man! All genres of Gothic subcultures are derivatives of Poe's work. Muthafucka!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Look, we came to you for help, and all you've done since then is waste our time! [a violent thunderclap and lightning immediately follow, and a vortex opens up on the ceiling]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Cowlick vamp,Holy shit look! [Edgar Allan Poe appears and the vortex vanishes]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Where am I? What is this place?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,It's him! It's Edgar Allan Poe.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Why have the living summoned me from my rest? [Mike taps Pete to signal that it's his turn to speak]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Uhhhhh, okayokay, listen: there's this camp for troubled kids, right? Only they aren't helping kids, they're, they're purposefully turning them into Emos."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"Emos? ...Ew-oh my God, Emos are such wannabe conformists."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"Yeah, oh yes!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Right!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"Children of Darkness, I would help you, but I fear I cannot be seen with a bunch of douchey Vamp kids and their poser-ass plastic fangs."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Thank you!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,Hey!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,I'm just saying it's nice to know that Edgar Allan Poe agrees with us.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"Agrees with who? Is that red dye in your hair or did a blood demon take a shit on your head, poser?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,"Ah ah! He got you there, n*gga!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Okay, look, we're running out of time. You have to help us stop the Emos."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Why should I? Just 'cause you summoned me doesn't mean you're the boss of me!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Uh, yeah, it kind of does."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"[floats away, mocking] Oh okay, Mom. Let's go fight the Emos, Mom."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Back at Troubled Acres, night. The greenhouse is lit. Inside, Michael is in a chair asleep, tied down to it by thick ropes."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"What? Where are you ta- No! NO!! [jerks around and wakes up, assessing his situation] What the hell?? ...Oh my God. [he realizes where he is and tries to shake himself loose from the ropes] Get me out of here! Let me go!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,Shhhhh. [Michael sees him] It's best you don't upset them. [goes to water another plant]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,What the hell are you doing to people?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"Not me. I just work for them. They're not evil, you know? They're just misunderstood. All I do is help the Emos get into their human hosts. They promised me when they take over Earth I can have a cabin on the lake, and all the steak I can eat."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,Wait a minute. Emos are plants? [the plants begin to rattle in their pots.]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"Shhh, shhh, it's okay. Not just any plants. They're very unique. Very special. Nobody understands them. Emoclarus americanus. Wonderful species.[] Except for their tendencies of self-mutilation and the need for other species to acknowledge their pain."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Oh, it all makes sense now! [A giant emoclarus rattles into view]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"Oh! I'm sorry. Sorry, Emo King. [holds a conversation with it] Oh no, I wasn't talking to him. I mean, I was, but- Y-yes! Yes, I understand. [walks back to a smaller plant] Right away.[takes the potted plant and walks over to Michael]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,No. [Howard sets the plant down next to him] What are you doing?! I don't wanna be emo!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"[walks away, then turns around] You just don't understand. You'll understand them soon."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,What the...? [the plant begins to rattle]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,It's quicker if you don't fight it.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"No, NOOOOOOOOO! [begins to rattle with the plant]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The road, night. The Vamps and Goths are heading to Troubled Acres. Pete is driving"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Alright, listen up. Once we find our friend, we've gotta torch the place and get out."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,"[coughs] Dude, Edgar, can you not smoke in the car?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,You can't tell me what to do! Who elected you the mayor of me?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Cut it out, Edgar! It's annoying everybody!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"God, you guys are so lame! [tosses his cigarette out the window] And if you want my help, you'd better all stop calling me Edgar."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,"Well that's your name, isn't it?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,That's the name my stupid parents gave me! I like to be called by my Goth name: NightPain
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,"Black vamp, Mike, and Pete",Oh God...
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,What? You guys are posers!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,"Ey, just so you all know, if one of you ain't who you say they is, and we get inside that base and you reveal you're actually one of them Emo muthafuckas in disguise, I WILL go crazy on yo' ass!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"If one of us is a traitor, it's probably your wannabe vampire leader."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"Oh, fuck off, NightPain."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"Make me, poser."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Troubled Acres, night, at the greenhouse. A security camera follows the car as it enters the rehab center. Everyone exits the car. Another camera shows Michael rattling with the emo plant. A third camera catches the group going down one hallway."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Michael?! You here?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"I feel like we're being watched. [yes they are, by the Security Cam 3000. A fourth camera shows Henrietta's former room. Zooming out reveals an emoclarus looking over a desk with video cameras all around. The king emoclarus looks on. It leans over and seems to whisper to the security emoclarus. In the greenhouse, the group reaches Michael, who has become delirious and is now groaning]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Dude! Michael, are you okay?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Kick it over! Stop the plant! [Mike walks over and kicks the plant away, then gets into a karate stance. Firkle disappears] Oh! Oh, thank God you're here. Emos are plants and they're invading human bodies."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Alright, we're gonna get you out of here, and then we're gonna burn this whole place down. [a gun is cocked and everyone looks at the source]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid that's not the plan."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,[appears behind him and approaches the group] You did very good. The emo plants are very pleased with your dedication.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,Firkle! All this time I thought you were Goth! How long have you been Emo? [Firkle takes off his jacket and ... wig.]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,Don't you see we can't stop them? We might as well join' em. [The Emo King shows up and starts rattling. Howard turns around and walks toward it]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"Yes Emo King, right away. [turns around again] The Emo King wants us to proceed at once. [moments later the black Vamp, Mike, and Pete are tied to chairs and plants are placed in front of them]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Ugh! Let us go, you ultimate conformists!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,Don't fight it. It's quicker that way. [the plants begin to rattle]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,Oh God! I'm starting to feel Emo.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,Wait a minute. Where the hell is Edgar Allan Poe?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,"He said he was over this, and was gonna hang out at the Village Inn."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,What?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"The Village Inn, night. The Ghost of Goth Past sits in the same booth the Goth kids sit in, sipping coffee and smoking"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Waitress,"[approaches] Hey, are you gonna order any food, or are you just gonna sit there and drink coffee all day?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Leave me alone! I just want coffeh.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Waitress,[turns around and leaves] Little prick.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Bitch.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"[voice only] Poe? Edgar Allan Poe, where are you? [his face appears in Poe's coffee] What the hell are you doing?! You're supposed to be helping us!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,I can't right now. I'm dealing with a lot and I just have a lot of anxiety.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Look, we [flips hair] summoned you to help us save the world!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,What's the point? Save some people so some other people can be lame? And then those lame-os can be lamer to some other posers?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"God, he is such a downer! [the plants rattle again]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,Just let the spores inside you. Stop fighting it.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mike,Wait. Look!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"[floating in] Okay, I'm here, posers."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,NightPain! Destroy the plant leader! The leader over there! [Poe descends and lands next to the Emo King]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,What do you want me to do?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,"Mike, Michael, and Pete",Shoot it!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Really? Shoot a plant?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"Shoot it! [Poe obliges, but nothing happens to the plant. A piece of its pot might have come off. Poe just shrugs.]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,Wait a minute. What is this? [walks over and pulls out the plant's tag] This says it was bought at Lowe's Home and Garden for $29.95. [it's a common ficus]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,Lowe's Home and Garden?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Hey, these are just plants."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"No they, they talk to me."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Poe,"No, they're just, like, ficus plants and vibrating pots."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,But-
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Voice,"Looks like it's over, Harold Flannigan. So we have just one question for you: are you scared?!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,[frozen in fear] What do you mean?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Voice,ARE YOU SCARED?!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,YES!!! [Pete flips his hair]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Voice,"That's good! 'Cause you're on... ""Yes, I Was Scared!"" [music plays and the lights come on]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,What?? [the cast and crew of that show come out of the plant work.]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Host,Look! Look at the camera right there
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"Oh my God, are you serious? [grins.]"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Host,Your wife Sarah put you up to this.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Sarah,[pops in next to Harold] Haha I got you! [giggles some more]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,This is a prank?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Black vamp,Oh man that's good! They got us good!
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Firkle,I turned traitor for no reason?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,[to Michael] Did you know about this?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,I have no idea what's going on.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Host,"Howard, did you suspect at all that a gardener job at a camp for troubled teens was a setup?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,"No, they really had me convinced!"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Host,And you didn't suspect anything when we had plants tell you to turn Goths and Vamp kids into Emos when really they're exactly the same thing?
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Howard,I guess I should have figured it out. I'm an idiot. [laughs about it]
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Host,"Tune in again next week, when we make a woman from Milwaukee think she's working at a haunted abortion clinic."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Scene Description,"Henrietta's room, night. Henrietta's working on a new picture, featuring a gallows noose. A knock is heard at her door, and Pete walks in with Michael"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"So, my friends. Have you made the transformation?"
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Uhhhh, Henrietta, we have some bad news. The plants you think took over your body and made you emo? They're just plants. [she stops drawing] From Lowe's Home and Garden."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,It was all a prank by some douchey network reality show.
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Nnnnoooo, there's an organic spore in my head that made me switch cliques so easily."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Michael,"No, you just kind of did it on your own."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Oh my Gawd... [closes her eyes, drops her pen on the table, and pinches her nose at the bridge] This is so... embarrassing."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Pete,"Ahh, hang on. What I meant to say was [flips his hair] we just infiltrated the Emo lair and... we torched the plant leader."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Henrietta,"Oh. [sudden relief] Oh! [she begins convulsing, then turns around in her chair] Ihihit's meee-e! I'm, I'm I'm me again! [gets off her chair and walks to the boys] Oh my God I'm... all better. Thanks, you guys."
Goth Kids 3: Dawn of the Posers,Mrs. Biggle,"[peeks into the room] Henrietta, I have dinner ready."
