Cancelled,Proctologist,What seems to be the problem?
Cancelled,Chef,We just want you to take a look and tell us if you see anything abnormal.
Cancelled,Kyle,Other than his monstrous size.
Cancelled,Cartman,"[whips an angry look at him] SHUT UP, KYLE! SHUT YOUR GOD-DAMNED MOUTH! [pulls his head back and rests it on his left hand]"
Cancelled,Proctologist,"All right, let's see here. [raises the blanket and looks down] Oh my God!!"
Cancelled,Cartman,What?
Cancelled,Proctologist,"Why, there's a huge crack goin' right down the middle! [beat. The doctor begins to laugh]"
Cancelled,Cartman,"[displeased] Haha, very funny."
Cancelled,Stan,"Yeah, like we haven't heard that one a zillion times."
Cancelled,Proctologist,"[chuckles] All right, let's take a look. [snaps on a yellow latex glove and plunges a finger into the butthole]"
Cancelled,Cartman,"Heey, just what the hell do you think you're doing?"
Cancelled,Chef,"Eric, the doctor has to feel inside your rectum."
Cancelled,Kyle,"And afterwards, he'll probably have to burn his hand and bury it."
Cancelled,Cartman,"Kyle, I swear, if I didn't have a guy's hand up my ass right now, I'd leap across the room and kick you in the nuts. Eh. Oohh. Oww."
Cancelled,Proctologist,Well the prostate seems to be normal. No swelling of the hemorrhoidal gland...
Cancelled,Cartman,Eh- Aaaaah. Ooooo-ah. Uuuuu aaaaa.
Cancelled,Proctologist,"Wait, what's this? [the anal probe appears once again and the doctor jumps out of the way. The probe stretches out and clears away part of the clinic on its way to full height. A large hole is left on the building as the satellite dish juts out from it.]"
Cancelled,Kyle,Are you okay?
Cancelled,Cartman,"[with a dreamy, relieved look] Dude. You know that feeling when you take a huuuge dump? Awesome! [smiles]"
Cancelled,Chef,"Well, doctor?"
Cancelled,Proctologist,"[slowly] I've never quite seen this before, uh... Perhaps he just needs some hemorrhoid cream."
Cancelled,Cartman,[the probe collapses and sinks back into his ass] Aaaaaa aaaaaa ooagh!
Cancelled,Stan,You all right?
Cancelled,Cartman,"You know the feeling when the huge dump you just took shoots back up inside your ass? NO I""M NOT ALL RIGHT!!"
Cancelled,Proctologist,I've never seen a hemorrhoid react this way.
Cancelled,Chef,"That wasn't no hemorrhoid, it was an alien hoobajoob! Come on, children! We've got to get Eric to some real help!"
Cancelled,Stan,"Where to now, Chef?"
Cancelled,Chef,That thing inside Eric's asshole looked like some kinda alien satellite dish. We need to see my friend down at the Space Center now! [as they leave the clinic they pass the receptionist's window. A receptionist with a weird white face and yellow hair looks on as they leave. She then removes her wig and shows that she's a Visitor.]
Cancelled,Scene Description,The space center. Lots of satellite dishes dot the premises. Inside Chef leads the children to a scientist.
Cancelled,Chef,"And you're the only person I could think of who might be able to help us, Jeff."
Cancelled,Jeff,"How do we uh, make it come out?"
Cancelled,Chef,Someone just has to activate it like the proctologist did.
Cancelled,Cartman,[crosses his arms] Ohhh no no nonono! Nobody is putting their finger in my ass again! Unless it's Kyle. [grins]
Cancelled,Kyle,"What? No way! [looks to his left and points] You do it, Kenny!"
Cancelled,Cartman,Nope! It has to be Kyle!
Cancelled,Stan,Go on.
Cancelled,Kyle,I'm not putting my finger up Cartman's butt!
Cancelled,Chef,"Kyle, the fate of the world may be at stake."
Cancelled,Cartman,"[lowers his pants and moons Kyle] Come, Kyle. Do hurry. [Kyle moves tentatively toward Cartman and bares his left arm] Go ahead, it won't bite. [Kyle raises his arm and move in. Cartman farts and Kyle angrily lowers his arm. Cartman and Kenny laugh]"
Cancelled,Kyle,God-damnit Cartman!
Cancelled,Cartman,[laughing] I couldn't resist. I'm sorry. [Kyle raises his hand and moves his finger towards the butthole. Cartman farts again and laughs. Kenny joins in. and Kyle angrily lowers his arm.]
Cancelled,Kyle,Stop it Cartman!
Cancelled,Cartman,[laughing] Okay. Okay okay. [Kyle raises his hand and moves his finger towards the butthole. Cartman farts again and laughs. Kenny joins in. and Kyle angrily lowers his arm.]
Cancelled,Kenny,"[laughing] (Gaaahaha, he got you again!)"
Cancelled,Kyle,God Dammit!
Cancelled,Cartman,"[laughing] Haha. Oh man, that was great. Okay, go ahead. I'm all out of farts now. [Kyle raises his hand and moves his finger towards the butthole. Cartman farts again and laughs. Kyle angrily lowers his arm, looking at the other guys.] Gahaaa! Derrr!"
Cancelled,Kenny,"[laughs, then echoes Cartman] (Derrr!)"
Cancelled,Cartman,"Okaay, okay. It's not funny anymore. [Kyle raises his hand and moves his finger towards the butthole. Cartman farts again and laughs. Kyle angrily lowers his arm.] Oh yes it is! [swats the odor towards Kyle.]"
Cancelled,Kenny,"[laughs, then echoes Cartman] (Yes it is!)"
Cancelled,Chef,"Eric, that's enough!"
Cancelled,Cartman,"Okay, okay. [Kyle raises his hand and moves his finger towards the butthole. Cartman farts again and laughs. Kyle angrily lowers his arm.] Ohh, double psych!"
Cancelled,Kyle,That's it! [walks off] I don't care about the fate of the world! Screw it!
Cancelled,Stan,"Oh, nice going, Cartman!"
Cancelled,Cartman,"All right, all right, I'm sorry. Go ahead, Kyle."
Cancelled,Kyle,No!
Cancelled,Cartman,"No, go ahead. I'm dry."
Cancelled,Kyle,You're lying!
Cancelled,Chef,"It stopped being funny forty seconds ago, boy! Let's just get this over with!"
Cancelled,Cartman,But it was one of the best times I've ever had.
Cancelled,Jeff,"Can I see this thing, please?"
Cancelled,Cartman,"Okay. [Kyle raises his hand and moves his finger towards the butthole. Cartman farts again and laughs. Kyle angrily lowers his arm.] Ohhh! God-dammit! [Cartman, Kenny, and Chef laugh]"
Cancelled,Chef,Okay. Now it's funny again.
Cancelled,Cartman,"This is so awesome. I don't think I made it out of that proctologist's office, guys. I think I died and went to heaven."
Cancelled,Kyle,That does it! CHARGE! [drives his finger into Cartman's butthole. Cartman farts and screams as the anal probe shoot out of his ass. The probe opens up into the satellite dish and the dish sends a beam into outer space. Part of the space center is destroyed in the process]
Cancelled,Chef,What's it doing?
Cancelled,Jeff,"It, it's sending a transmission of some kind. [sits at a console and types away] Got it! [on several screen above the keyboard, images from around the planet pop up and change every second or so.]"
Cancelled,Kyle,It's just sending images of cities and people and stuff.
Cancelled,Chef,Where is the signal being sent to? [the signal cuts off and the anal probe shrinks back into Cartman's ass. Cartman screams as it does so.]
Cancelled,Cartman,"Ugh. I don't wanna play anymore, you guys."
Cancelled,Kyle,We went through all that just for some gay video of Earth?
Cancelled,Stan,We wanted to see an alien planet or something.
Cancelled,Jeff,"Whoever they are, if they're receiving messages, they might be sending them, too. Wait a minute. c-candy bars."
Cancelled,Kyle,Candy bars?
Cancelled,Jeff,"You-you know. Candy bars. They usually come in a wrapper. Just like you... wrap a Christmas present. Christmas happens when it's cold. Cold, as in Alaska - that's... with polar bears. Polar bears... pola... polarity! I can switch the polarity to see what transmissions are coming from the location this one is being sent to! [turns around and types away on the console. The power cuts out and the center goes dark.] What the heck? [the sound of heavy ships is heard, and two bright beams light up the room. Everyone looks towards a window. Outside, a visitor walks up and looks in through one end window. A second one looks through the other end window. The windows shatter] They're coming in! [a glow appears outside a door and permeates it. The door shuts and two visitors enter. The other two come in through the window and the four of them converge on the boys, Chef, and Jeff.]"
Cancelled,Stan,What do we do???
Cancelled,Cartman,[steps forward and points to Jeff] It's that guy you want! He's trying to reverse your polarities!
Cancelled,Jeff,"What?? [the visitors go after Jeff, and the others make their escape]"
Cancelled,Chef,Help!
Cancelled,Kyle,Aaaah! Runrunruuun! [the group makes it outside]
Cancelled,Stan,Let's go!
Cancelled,Chef,"Get in the car, children! Get in the car! [they all scramble in and Chef peels away from the center. He drives down the road towards South Park. Another car appears behind then and throws up its headlights. Its horn honks a few times]"
Cancelled,Stan,[startled] What is that?
Cancelled,Chef,"Can you see anything, children? [Kyle looks back]"
Cancelled,Kyle,"[turns back] The aliens are chasing us! [a close-up of the four aliens in the car behind Chef. A passenger-side visitor leans out and draws a revolver, shooting at Chef. A bullet strikes the rear window and the boys jump]"
Cancelled,Chef,God damned aliens! [the two cars move down the road with the visitors still shooting]
Cancelled,Stan,"Chef! End of the road! [several barricades are up, with STOP signs hanging on the, and one sign saying ""ROAD CLOSED""]"
Cancelled,Chef,"Hold on, children! [Cartman looks at the visitors] We have to ditch them! [steps on the gas pedal]"
Cancelled,Cartman,"What are you doing, man?! [Chef drives towards the barricade and goes up a wooden ramp, into the air.]"
Cancelled,Narrator,"[some backwoods music plays in the background in freeze-frame] Looks like them boys are gettin' a little fresh air. [the wagon lands on the other side of a pothole and continues. The visitors try the same jump, but they launch into the air and off the road, towards a chicken coop. They crash through the roof and land right in the middle of the coop. Chickens ]"
Cancelled,Kyle,[looks out and back] I think we ditched them.
Cancelled,Chef,"I don't think we're outta the woods yet. [they pass a sign saying ""eat BIG PIG'S BBQ"" with a pig in a white Southern suit. Behind the billboard, a police car pulls out and pursues Chef. There are two visitors in the car]"
Cancelled,Visitor Driver,Coop coop.
Cancelled,Stan,It's the police!
Cancelled,Chef,"That ain't no police! [for some reason, two workers are moving a large glass pane across the road. Chef heads on down and crashes through it. The police cruiser follows]"
Cancelled,Cartman,When do we get to eat. I'm hungry.
Cancelled,Stan,"Chef!! [Chef sees yet another barricade and goes towards it, forcing the worker guarding it to jump out of the way/ Chef launches into the air once again. ""Dixie"" is heard from the car's horn. The aliens catch up to Chef and the boys and try the same jump. They end up upside down and unable to move. Chef spins the car a bit and looks back at the police cruiser]"
Cancelled,Chef,"[jumps out and approaches the police car] HA! God-damned aliens! I beat you! [a beam lights up the car] Where'd you learn to drive, aliens?! Chinese auto school?! [the car begins to rise slowly]"
Cancelled,The boys,Chef! Chef! They've got us!
Cancelled,Chef,You're lucky I didn't just turn around and beat your white skinny alien asses anyway! Maybe next time you'll remember to... [notices the weird sounds behind him and turns] Huh? [looks up to see the station wagon hovering near the entrance to the ship] Aw crap! Children!
Cancelled,The boys,Cheeeeeeef!
Cancelled,Narrator,"[the picture freezes] Well, it looks like the boys are in more trouble than a June bug in molasses. And it's pretty thick molasses, too."
Cancelled,Scene Description,"A chamber. Stan is tied up in some green alien pod, asleep."
Cancelled,Stan,Uh. [stirs and opens his eyes] Wugh. You guys. Wake up! [the other boys are in pods of their own]
Cancelled,Kyle,"[stirs in his own pod] What the? Where are, where are we?"
Cancelled,Stan,We're in the alien ship.
Cancelled,Cartman,"Ah. Uh! I'm trapped inside Helen Hunt's ass! [panics] Oh God, help me you guys!"
Cancelled,Kyle,It's not Helen Hunt's ass. It's an alien space ship.
Cancelled,Cartman,"[looks down] ...Oh, thank God! Well then, thank you Lord."
Cancelled,Stan,[out of his pod] Guys. Look. [the others get out of theirs and walk towards Stan]
Cancelled,"Kyle, Cartman","Wow. [they face a massive window, through which they get a good view of Earth getting farther and farther away]"
Cancelled,Stan,"My God, do you guys realize? This is only the second time we've ever been in outer space."
Cancelled,Kyle,Yeah.
Cancelled,Kenny,(Awesome)
Cancelled,Cartman,This is like my fifth time. [the room brightens and two doors open at the other end of the room. The boys turn and face it]
Cancelled,Stan,Uh oh. This must be the head alien guy.
Cancelled,Kenny,(Oh no!) [tightens the hood on his face. The man enters... it appears to be Stan's father.]
Cancelled,Alien,Hello boys.
Cancelled,Stan,Dad?
Cancelled,Alien,"No, not really. I just read your mind and thought this form might be more pleasing to you."
Cancelled,Kyle,"Aw dude, don't do that. That's gay."
Cancelled,Stan,"Yeah, that's like that stupid movie, Contact."
Cancelled,Cartman,"Aw God, that movie pissed me off."
Cancelled,Alien,"Very well, I shall show my true form. [a quick transformation into a hideous monster] Rah rah rah rah rah. Rah rah rah rah."
Cancelled,The boys,[shielding their eyes] AAAAH!
Cancelled,Stan,"Okay okay, take the form of something else!"
Cancelled,Alien,[transforms again] How's this? [the boys move their arms off their eyes to behold Santa]
Cancelled,Cartman,Santa!
Cancelled,Stan,"Nno, that's stupid too. [Cartman looks at Stan, deflated]"
Cancelled,Alien,"How about this? [transforms into Michael Jordan, Bulls form]"
Cancelled,"Stan, Kyle, Cartman",No. [the alien turns into Don King] No! [then into Mr. Roarke and Tattoo]
Cancelled,Cartman,"[impressed] Oooo, very nice."
Cancelled,Stan,No! [the alien turns into George Burns]
Cancelled,Kyle,No! [the alien turns into J.J. Walker]
Cancelled,Alien,Dy-no-mite!
Cancelled,The boys,No!
Cancelled,Scene Description,"Back at the space center, day. Jeff is cleaning up after the destruction left behind by the visitors"
Cancelled,Chef,[with flashlight] Jeff!! The aliens took the children up on their ship.
Cancelled,Jeff,Oh no!
Cancelled,Chef,Did you find out what the aliens were up to?
Cancelled,Jeff,"When I reversed the polarities, I found this: [sits at the console and starts pressing keys. 1s and 0s flash across a screen] It's a message that the aliens are broadcasting throughout the entire universe. But I have no idea what it says."
Cancelled,Chef,"They took the children, Jeff! I have to know what those aliens are up to!"
Cancelled,Jeff,[spins around] Wait a minute! Butt sex!
Cancelled,Chef,Butt sex?
Cancelled,Jeff,"Butt sex requires a lot of lubrication, right? Lubrication. Lubruh... Chupuh... Chupacabra's the, the goat killer of Mexican folklore. Folklore is stories from the past that are often fictionalized. Fictionalized to heighten drama. Drama students! Students at colleges usually have bicycles! Bi, bian, binary. It's binary code! [spins back and works on decoding it]"
Cancelled,Chef,Who's havin' butt sex?
Cancelled,Scene Description,Back on the alien ship
Cancelled,Alien,"[prances as Saddam] Hello my honey, hello my baby, hello my ragtime gal! [ends on his knees, arms wide open]"
Cancelled,The boys,[getting bored] No!
Cancelled,Alien,"[transforms into Missy Elliot] Lemme search ya, gonna work ya, hepsunudupunubuh huh."
Cancelled,The boys,No! [Stan is irritated]
Cancelled,Alien,"[transforms into Frank Sinatra] Don't piss on the moon, babe."
Cancelled,The boys,NO!
Cancelled,Alien,"All right, earthlings, what form do you want me to take? [the boys fall silent]"
Cancelled,Cartman,"How about a taco, that craps ice cream? [the alien transforms into the taco. A wad of ice cream falls out of him] Guys?"
Cancelled,Stan,I like it.
Cancelled,Kenny,(Me too.) [the boys clap]
Cancelled,Alien,"All right, then we can get back to business. Follow me this way, earthlings. [leads the boys into another room, leaving scoops of ice cream behind, in various flavors] I want to apologize to you boys for all the spooky, scary stuff. We just needed to get to the malfunctioning uplink relay."
Cancelled,Stan,"You mean, the thing in Cartman's ass?"
Cancelled,Alien,"That's right. See, there are dishes in over fifty thousand earthlings' rectums. Your friend's has been malfunctioning."
Cancelled,Kyle,Why do you put them into people's asses? Are you planning some kind of alien takeover?
Cancelled,Alien,"Oh, heavens no! We're a production company. We make intergalactic television programs that the whole universe watches. [enters the next room]"
Cancelled,Stan,[looks back at his friends] Television? [the boys enter the next room. In that room visitors are all over the place manning the various aspects of a production company]
Cancelled,Alien,"We at Nerzod Productions started twenty billion years ago with one philosophy: the best universal television isn't scripted, it's real. [Stan and Kyle look at each other] We started with great shows like, ""Who Wants To Marry A Gelgamek?"" and ""Antares 6 Millionaire"". And then we had a big hit with ""Get Me Outta Here, I'm a Klingnanian"". But then of course, there's our signature show. The greatest universal reality show of all time. [he looks at a giant screen on which Earth is shown]"
Cancelled,Kyle,Earth?
Cancelled,Alien,"A few billion years ago we realized, ""what if we took species from all different planets in the universe, and put them together, on the same planet?"" Great TV, right? Asians, bears, ducks, Jews, deer and Hispanics, all trying to live side by side on one planet! It's great! [the boys are stunned at what they're hearing]"
Cancelled,Stan,Our planet is just a reality-TV show?
Cancelled,Alien,"Well, you don't think the whole universe works the way Earth does, do you? No! One species, one planet! There's a planet of deer, a planet of Asians, and so on! We put them all together on Earth and the whole universe tunes in to watch the fun!"
Cancelled,Kyle,"You mean that you aliens actually enjoy sitting around and watching us fight and kill each other? Dude, that's messed up."
Cancelled,Alien,Why?
Cancelled,Stan,Why?? Because you're playing with people's lives! You're turning people's problems into entertainment!
Cancelled,Cartman,Yeah! We'd never do that on Earth! [the boys just look at each other]
Cancelled,Scene Description,"The Convention Center, day."
Cancelled,Jeff,"Ladies and Gentleman, we have recently come across an alien transmission that is being beamed throughout the entire universe. [murmurs rise up in the audience] When decoded, it looks like this. [he begins the transmission and graphics sweep by. First, the binary code appears, then a dazzling sun behind the Earth, then a tracking shot leading to Earth, then an undernourished boy, then a caravan walking across a desert, people putting on protective glasses, an atomic blast, deer running, a couple, a time-lapse night scene, the Eiffel Tower, two men hammering at something, an ethnic festival. The sound is garbled]"
Cancelled,Man,[rising] What does it mean?
Cancelled,Jeff,"It's simple mathematical language that can be understood throughout the solar system. Translated into our language, it looks like this. [replays the transmission, this time in English]"
Cancelled,Announcer,"This jannemon at eight o'clock, it's everyone's favorite show! Earth! It's been one hundred Gelganighs since we first took species from seventeen different planets and put them all together, on the same planet! Oo-derp! They've fought and fallen in love! What will happen this Galgamog? Tune in jannemon at eight to find out. It's... Earth! On Fognl!"
Cancelled,Jeff,"I'm afraid that Earth, a-all of Earth, is nothing but an intergalactic reality-TV show."
Cancelled,Man 2,My God. We're famous! [everyone stands and whoops it up]
Cancelled,Jeff,"Waaaait, you don't understand!"
Cancelled,Man 3,[giddy blond] I'm on TV! I'm on TV!
Cancelled,Man 4,"This is so awesome! [everyone clear out, cheering]"
Cancelled,Others,Woo! Yeah! Woohoo!! [Jeff is left all alone]
Cancelled,Scene Description,"Back at Nerzod Productions. Cartman is bent over once more, with his pants down. The visitors have finished working on him"
Cancelled,Alien,"That should get the relay working again. [begins to walk off. The boys follow] All right, Earthlings, if you'll step over this way we'll erase your memories and get you back to Earth. [a visitor brings him a ringing phone] Oh, excuse me. [picks up the receiver] This is Nagix. Uh huh. Oh no. Oh no, really? And it's, it's for sure? All right, I'll break the news to everyone. No, no I, I understand. Thanks. [hangs up the phone and walks back to the boys] Well, you kids can go back to Earth if you want, but I'm afraid it won't be there for long. The show's been cancelled."
Cancelled,Kyle,What?? Who cancelled us?
Cancelled,Najix,"The universal network heads. They say the Earthlings have become aware of the show, so it won't be funny anymore. [walks off to address the rest of the staff]"
Cancelled,Stan,"Oh shit, did we do that?"
Cancelled,Najix,"Everyone, can I have your attention real quick? Uuh, look, I just got a call from the network and I'm afraid Earth has been cancelled"
Cancelled,Staff,Awww.
Cancelled,Najix,"Now, now, it was a great run and I think we should all be really proud. [a smattering of applause] Let's call in a demolition crew to strike the Earth for resources."
Cancelled,Stan,"Wait! Wait, they they can't do this! Uh, let us talk to the network heads!"
Cancelled,Najix,Wouldn't do any good.
Cancelled,Kyle,"Dude, we have to try!"
Cancelled,Stan,"Please, take us to them! Please!"
Cancelled,Najix,"All right, kids, we'll take you to the network heads. But I warn you: nobody has ever gotten the executives to uncancel a show once the call has been made. Nobody. [the boys look at each other, and several more scoops of ice cream falls out of the alien's taco ass]"
Cancelled,Scene Description,"Earth. A view of it from outer space. A few seconds later, an immense crane floats towards Earth with wrecking ball ready and beeper going. It stops. Two alien laborers sit inside and the driver activates the crane arm. The wrecking ball moves and strikes western Africa. A shot of people running across a bridge. The whole planet moves as if by an earthquake. Chef almost loses his balance at the space center as the ground undulates."
Cancelled,Chef,What the hell is that?!
Cancelled,Jeff,"There's a huge ship of some kind in Earth's orbit! [schematics of the ship and of Earth appear on screen, and the impact point is shown as well] But why? Wait a minute! Chaos theory!"
Cancelled,Chef,Chaos theory??
Cancelled,Jeff,"Chaos theory, it was, it was first thought of in the sixties. Sixty. That's the number of episodes they made of Punky Brewster before it was cancelled. Cancelled..."
Cancelled,Chef,Huh?
Cancelled,Jeff,Don't you see? The show is over! The aliens are canceling Earth!
Cancelled,Chef,Oh my God! We have to stop them!
Cancelled,Scene Description,The boys walk down a futuristic sidewalk on a strange planet.
Cancelled,Voice,"Welcome to Planet Fognl, home of the Joozians, who control all media in the universe. [the boys enter the universal network headquarters]"
Cancelled,Receptionist,Can I help you?
Cancelled,Stan,"Oh, uh... we have a three o'clock meeting with the network heads?"
Cancelled,Receptionist,Where are you visiting from?
Cancelled,Stan,"Uh, Earth?"
Cancelled,Receptionist,"Oooo, I watch that show all the time. [opens another set of doors and shows the boys in]"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Gaaahahaha. [notices the boys come in] Oh, sure, come on in, Earthlings. We're just checking out our new show."
Cancelled,Joozian 2,We took a hundred beings from the planet Marklar and put them on an asteroid with sentient beings from the Horsehead Nebula. It-it's a riot!
Cancelled,Joozian 1,They hate each other!
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Gah, why? [Stan nudges Kyle, who pulls a letter out from his pocket and reads]"
Cancelled,Kyle,Mighty powerful network executives
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oooo, I'm starving! You Earthlings have haglar yet?"
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Oh yeah, let's do haglar."
Cancelled,Joozian 1,Where do you wanna go? Meroni's?
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Not on a Flakmar. Too crowded. Ohhh, Blackafelch!"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oh, Blackafelch. Perfect."
Cancelled,Scene Description,"Blackafelch Restaurant, later. Aliens of all kinds sit and enjoy their meals."
Cancelled,Joozian 2,This place is fantastic!
Cancelled,Stan,"Look, we just want to talk to you about the show."
Cancelled,Kyle,Please don't cancel us. Please.
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oh I'm sorry, Earthlings, but you have to realize the universe is a business."
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"You've made it to a hundred episodes, you should be proud!"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Yeah, a show should never go past a hundred episodes, or else it starts to get stale with ridiculously stupid plotlines and settings."
Cancelled,Waitress,[another Joozian] Here's your order of gespahtgaplachfenachenblah. [sets a large platter before the executives and lifts the cover. The executives dig in]
Cancelled,Stan,"But sirs, we think our show is just getting good. [Kyle thinks about the food, then decides to taste it] I mean, we're just now starting to see people get really pissed off at each other."
Cancelled,Kyle,"Oh my God, this is great!"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,You must have some Joozian ancestry.
Cancelled,Cartman,"[miffed at the link, rests his head on his left hand] Tell us about it!"
Cancelled,Stan,"Look, there's five billion people on our show. You just can't up and cancel on us."
Cancelled,Joozian 1,Oh my God! Would you look at the heglars on that joozinek?
Cancelled,Stan,"Dude, we're trying to save our planet here?!"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,Let's take the Earthlings to a hekmubah!
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Oh, yeah!"
Cancelled,Scene Description,"A hekmabah, a Joozian strip club. A Joozinek slithers around a dance pole"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oh yeah, let's see those heglars!"
Cancelled,Stan,"Sirs, uh, if you'll just let-"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oh, man, I am so wasted! [holds up a little box] Hey, do you Earthlings wanna try a little glach? [takes the box and pours out a line of purple powder. The other Joozian snorts it right up. The boys look on, saying nothing. Another line of purple powder and the first Joozian snorts up, then suddenly turns around] Agh-oh yeah!! [turns back] Oh, gluck yeah!! [Kenny begins snorting up at the other end of the line]"
Cancelled,Kyle,Kenny! [Kenny stops]
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Meeh, screw this place! Let's go get a hotel room and a hooker!"
Cancelled,Joozian 2,Oh yeah!
Cancelled,Joozian 1,Yeah! [they leave their chairs]
Cancelled,Scene Description,"Back on earth, the massive cranes swings at Earth again. More quakes follow and the space center is damaged some more"
Cancelled,Chef,We have to find a way to stop those aliens!
Cancelled,Jeff,"[begins pacing] Oh, their ship is massive! There's no way to stop it! [stops] Wait a minute, jackets!"
Cancelled,Chef,[smacks his hand onto his head] Oh no.
Cancelled,Jeff,If people don't wear jackets they could get cold. A cold is caused by a virus. A viru- a computer virus! We could make a computer virus and send it to their ships to disable their computers!
Cancelled,Chef,"[thinks, then angrily] That doesn't make any God-damned sense!"
Cancelled,Scene Description,An adult hotel. The Joozians are in bed with a hooker and they begin to disrobe.
Cancelled,Joozian 2,Ogh.
Cancelled,Joozian 1,Oh yeah!
Cancelled,Joozian 2,Good.
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oh yeah! Yeah!! [goes to take another snort of purple powder. With his shirt off, one can see two small appendages, one on each shoulder]"
Cancelled,Joozian 2,Woohoohoo! Yeah!
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Booyagh! Boy, Earthlings, is this a party or what?? [the boys sit on a couch looking on, bored.]"
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Oh! Oh, that's it baby! You're getting my jagon hard! [the appendage on his right shoulder stiffens and lengthens]"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"[returns to the side of the bed, by the second Joozian] Wohh. Yeah, let's party! [begins to suck on the Joozian's jagon]"
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Yeah, suck my jagon!"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"[stops and releases] Yeah! Now you suck on my jagon! [the second Joozian begins to suck on his jagon] Oh yeah!! Stick your finger in my thrusher! [the second Joozian begins putting his finger into some openings above the first Joozian's waist] Oh yeah, suck it. Suck that jagon! [the boys show more interest and some astonishment]"
Cancelled,Stan,"Dude, I have no idea what we're seeing right now, but I have a feeling it's really, really wrong. [Kenny whips out a camera and takes a picture]"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,[the other Joozian continues sucking on his jagon] Oh yes!! Oh yeah yeahyeah! Oh yeah!
Cancelled,Scene Description,"Back at universal network headquarters. The Joozians have ice packs on their heads, recovering from the raunch they experienced the night before"
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Oh, God. Eh eh, my head. [the four boys look on] What did we do?"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oh man, I can't believe I sucked your jagon."
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Oh God, we did suck each other's jagons! You kids won't tell anybody about this, right??"
Cancelled,Cartman,No.
Cancelled,Stan,"[glances at Cartman and quickly thinks] No, wait. We won't tell anybody, if you don't cancel our show!"
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"Oooo, I knew that was coming."
Cancelled,Joozian 2,They really got us by the nezmins.
Cancelled,Kyle,The Earth show can still be good. Just erase everyone's memory so we don't know we're a show.
Cancelled,Stan,"I'm sure you'll see that if you give our world time, it will become even more outrageous and violent."
Cancelled,Cartman,There's even World War Three to look forward to.
Cancelled,Kyle,And then we won't have to show anybody the picture Kenny has of you guys sucking each other's jagons.
Cancelled,Joozian 1,"He-all right, all right Earthlings! Ya, you win! The show can stay on."
Cancelled,The boys,All right!
Cancelled,Joozian 1,Just be sure to keep up the wars and violence.
Cancelled,Joozian 2,"Well, we've got a five o'clock with the Yurka producers. [still disheveled, he hops off his chair and goes to a lever] Nice meeting you Earthlings. Bye! [pulls the lever down and in an instant the boys are back at the bus stop]"
Cancelled,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Kenny is missing."
Cancelled,Cartman,[yawns] Uuugh.
Cancelled,Kyle,Whoa Cartman. Looks like you didn't get much sleep last night.
Cancelled,Cartman,That's because I was having these bogus nightmares all night long.
Cancelled,Kenny,"[walks up with something in his hand] (Hey you guys, look.) [the other boys look]"
Cancelled,Kyle,What the hell is that?
Cancelled,Kenny,(I don't know.)
Cancelled,Chef,"[drives up in his station wagon and steps out] Hello there, children!"
Cancelled,The boys,Hey Chef. [Chef steps behind the boys]
Cancelled,Stan,"Chef, Kenny has a picture of two green things sucking each other's shoulders. [Chef takes a look at the picture of the two Joozians sucking each other's jagons]"
Cancelled,Cartman,"What is it, Chef?"
Cancelled,Chef,"I don't know. But something tells me this picture might be very important, children. [hands the picture back to Kenny] You should hang on to it."
Cancelled,Scene Description,TV spot
Cancelled,Announcer,Attention universe! Be sure to tune in next week for another exciting episode of... Earth! The Asians [crowd scene] are reeeally steamed at the Russians [crossing a bridge]. The zebras try to get along with the buffalo. [composite shot] And Americans [walking the dog] and Iraqis [dancing] have an all-out brawl. [Saddam is shown] It's outrageous fun and it's all new! Earth! On Fognl.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Now showing at the South Park Community Theatre. Fanfare begins with a drumroll, a spotlight hits its mark on stage and an announcer speaks"
Krazy Kripples,Announcer,"Ladies and Gentlemen, give it up for JIMMY! [the curtains part and Jimmy walks forward wearing a tuxedo] Thank you! Wow. What a terrific audience. [the curtains close behind him] I know what most of you are thinking. ""Hey, uh-that guy stole my show..."" [long pause] Wow, what a great audience. And how about this Michael Jackson guy, huh? I mean, come on... [long pause] Wow, what a great audience. [the soft sound of one person clapping is heard] Uh... l... lights, please? [the house lights click on and only one person is seen in the seats: Butters]"
Krazy Kripples,Butters,Hey Jimmy.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Butters, w-where is everybody?"
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"Oh yeah, well, about that... Christopher Reeve came to town to do some kind of show, and everyone went to see him."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Christopher Reeve? Christopher Reeve?!
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"You know, Christopher Reeve, the guy who played Superman."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,I know who he is! But why is everyone ditching my comedy show to see him?!
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"Ww-well, because he got crippled, but now he can move his finger. He is an inspiration to us all. That's why everyone ditched on your show."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"So then, how come you came?"
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"Well, because I said I would. Oh, I'm a dork, huh? [Jimmy stews on stage]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square. Mayor McDaniels is on stage with her aides. Above them a banner reads ""STEM CELL RESEARCH."" A crowd of people has formed in front of the stage"
Krazy Kripples,Mayor McDaniels,"And so without further ado, here's the most courageous, most amazing man on the planet, Christopher Reeve. [everyone claps and the curtains open. The mayor and her aides step aside. Christopher Reeve rolls out towards the mic. Jimmy shows up to watch.]"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Thank you, thank you, wow, what a great audience. [stops to catch his breath with a fixed smile in place] I just flew into South Park. [catches his breath] Used to be I didn't need an airplane."
Krazy Kripples,Townspeople,Awwwww. [a smattering of applause]
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"As most of you know, [catches his breath] I am a strong supporter of stem-cell research."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Say, fellas! Thanks a lot for goin' to my ...c-comedy show! [""It is a proven fact that stem-cell research""]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,We didn't go to your comedy show.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I know that, I was being f-f-f-fa...cetious! [""can add many years to the lives of people who have been disabled by accidents""]"
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Look, dude. Christopher Reeve, dude. [""or other ways.""]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Ooh, Christopher Reeve! Whoop-de-freakin-do!"
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,"Dude, that's not cool. You shouldn't make fun of Christopher Reeve."
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Yeah dude, not cool."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Though it is controversial, [catches his breath] stem cell research is critical [catches his breath] in the quest for helping [catches his breath] the disabled."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,I put together a comedy show and I was crippled from BIRTH! [waddles off in a huff]
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Uh, hoo. Guys, I think we'd better stay out of this one."
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,"Yeah, this is starting to look like something we shouldn't be any part of. Let's go play with trucks or something. [they turn right and trot off]"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Ha-a-aaa-haaa-a.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[approaching] Can you believe this asswipe, Timmy?"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmeh!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Why is a celebrity who became crippled more important than us that were born that way, very much."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Rrruh Timmeh!
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,In the coming days [catches his breath] I will prove to the world [catches his breath] that stem-cell research is a miracle.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. The boys are on the snow playing with their trucks.]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,"Beep beep beep. Move it, Kenny! Beep."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Hey there fellas.
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Oh hey Jimmy, hey Timmy."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Say, would you guys like to join our club? Oh, I'm sorry. You can't. You aren't crippled. [start laughing. The boys go back to playing with their trucks.]"
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,What?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"To be in our club, not only do you have to be c-c-crippled, but you have to have been born that way. Do you know what that means? No butthole Superman asswipe Christopher Reeve!"
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"That's nice, guys. We're just gonna stay out of this one. [Jimmy and Timmy turn and walk away]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,"[jumps up and catches up to them] Hey, wait a minute! [Timmy and Jimmy stop] You guys can't just start a club and tell me I can't be in it!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Sorry, able-bodied, you can't join."
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,Can too!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[turns to Timmy] Hey Timmy. How many able-bodied people does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. [begins to laugh. Timmy begins to laugh as well] You know what you call an able-bodied guy on the doorstep? Whatever his name is. [Jimmy and Timmy laugh, and walk away laughing]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,Oh God-damnit!!
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,"Cartman, just stay out of it."
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,But they say I can't be in their club!!
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Cartman, trust me. [Kenny pushes his own truck away] We don't want any part in this one."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"""The T-shirt Factory"", later. Timmy and Jimmy walk up to it and enter"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Hello, Mr. McGillicuuhuhuhh... Mr. McGillicuddy. [Timmy has a box on his lap]"
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Hello, boys. What can I do for you?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[takes the box from Timmy] Timmy and I made a ...T-shirt design for our new club. [Timmy beams with delight] We just came up with a name this morning. [McGillicuddy opens the box, pulls out the shirt, and his jaw drops. The shirt reads, ""THE CRIPS""]"
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Uh... boys, I don't think you wanna wear these shirts"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Why not?
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Well, because there already is a group that calls themselves the Crips, and I don't think they'd like it too much."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[stunned] ...There's already a Crips?!
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Well, sure, they're all over at Five Points area in Denver. You've never heard of them?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"No, we never have. Are they crippled from birth or are they cripple wannabes like Christopher Reeve?"
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"...Oh, I am stayin' out of this one. [leaves the counter]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"""The T-shirt Factory"", outside. The doors open and Jimmy and Timmy exit"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Can you believe it, Timmy? All this time there was a group for truly crippled people like ourselves, and we didn't know it."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,[excited] Timmmeh!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Come on. We have to take the bus to Five Points in Denver.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"The Larry King Show on HNN, on air."
Krazy Kripples,King,"My guest tonight is the brilliant star of stage and screen, Mr. Christopher Reeve, who, with the help of stem-cell research, is now able to move his arms."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Thanks for having me on again, Larry."
Krazy Kripples,King,"All right. Chris, the whole world is waiting. Why don't you show us what stem-cell research has done for you. [with that fixed grin, Reeve strains to lift his right arm a few inches, then sets it down again.] Amazing. Isn't that amazing, folks? Now, Chris, there're some people who say stem-cell research is wrong, that taking cells from a fetus is... unethical."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Well, it just proves that the public needs to be educated [catches his breath] about stem-cell research. See, the stem cells from a fetus like this one [pulls a dead fetus up from an unseen container] can form into whatever cells of the body are damaged. They are the most powerful thing on the planet."
Krazy Kripples,King,"And how does someone like yourself make use of the stem cells, Chris?"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Well, it's very simple. [takes the fetus and cracks it open like a coconut, then sucks out its contents and tosses it aside] And now you can see, my arms have better movement."
Krazy Kripples,King,Wow. [begins clapping] Wow.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Five Points, Denver. A bum pushes a cart full of his belongings past Denver Meat Packing, a rundown warehouse. Sirens, gunshots, and a woman's screams are heard."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Excuse me, sir. [the bum stops, startled] we're looking for a group of people called the Crips."
Krazy Kripples,Bum,You are?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Do you know where they meet? We've already tried the rec center and the library.
Krazy Kripples,Bum,"The Crips hang out at that old warehouse down there, [points to the building he just passed] but ...nobody goes in there."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[moves forward] Oh, it's okay. We're Crips ourselves. Come on, Tim-Tim."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmmih! [follows]
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Meat Packing, inside. The music is thumping, there's gambling and general conversation going on. Jimmy and Timmy walks in."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well hello everyone. [music abruptly stops] I'm Jim Swanson, and this is my friend Timmy."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,"Timmmih! [awkward silence, then softly] Tih... ti-timmih."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[to a friend at left, as he points to the duo] Well, let us tell you a little bit about ourselves. Timmy and I are both true Crips, born and raised. We're the only Crips in South Park, where we live, and we would love to join your fa-fa-fabtasitc Denver chapter."
Krazy Kripples,Large Crip,"Is they for real, manh?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"We just have one question before we join your c-club. Do you think it's better to be born a Crip, or to become a Crip later by accident?"
Krazy Kripples,Braided Crip,"The only Crips is born Crips, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Tall Crip,"Yeah, you can't become a Crip by accident, fool!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I agree. I mean, it's like [enunciates] ""come on""! Why do these people who become crippled later in life think they're such great pot-potatuhs?"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [silence]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well, we're glad you see it our way, fellas. So can we join your g... group?"
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,"All right, you wanna thug with the Five Point Crips? Bitches, all you gotta do is pop some punk-ass Bloods."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well, sure. Tim and I would love to pop some punk-ass Bloods. We're terrific at it."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[turns and answers softly] I don't know, Timmy, just play along."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Uh-tu-Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,So you sayin' yuh down?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Down like a clown, Charlie Br... Down like a clown, Charlie B-broooowww... Down like a clown, Charlie Browh... Bro-uh-own. Down like a clown, Charlie Br-Brown. [music starts up again, and Timmy and Jimmy leave. As they walk down the street a rap song plays]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Say Timmy, did you notice that all the crippled people in that club are negros?"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"That's an amm-mmazing coincidence. I mean, there's not one crippled colored person in South Park. [as they walk, a police car rolls up and the passenger-side officer calls out]"
Krazy Kripples,Officer,Hey you kids.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[stops and looks] Well hello, officers."
Krazy Kripples,Officer,What the hell do you think you're doin'?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,We're goin' to pop some punk-ass Bloods.
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [the officers simply look at each other and drive off.]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[sees something] Look, Timmy. There's a convenience store. [""Ribs N Gass."" A lot of gang members are milling around in front of the store] That must be what the fellas meant by ""pop some punk-ass Bloods."" They want us to get them some soda pop and treats. [the gang members notice them coming and stop to look. They cross the street] Let's buy them ginger ale and marshmallows. Then they'll let us in the club for sure."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,"Oh, Timmih. [a truck appears in the distance and comes up fast.]"
Krazy Kripples,Driver,[noticing almost too late] Oh shit! [swerves to avoid the duo and slams into the convenience store they were trying to reach. The store and truck go up in a ball of flames while Jimmy and Timmy stop in their tracks]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Suh, suh, suh, suh, Sssunday driver!"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Back at Denver Meat Packing, night. Jimmy and Timmy are back at the warehouse."
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,"Yo yo, listen up y'all! Let me tell you about my little Gs, Roller and 4 Legs here. They just smoked thirteen Bloods in one night!"
Krazy Kripples,Crip 1,One night?
Krazy Kripples,Crip 2,You're kiddin'? You're kiddin'? One night?
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,That ain't never been done before!
Krazy Kripples,58 Crip,And they got us marshmallows and ginger ale.
Krazy Kripples,Crips,[chattering] Uh huh. Cool. He's right.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,So does that mean we can join the c-c...club?
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,"You're not just in, you're the baddest mofo Crips in town! Cipac! [a Crip steps forward] Turn up the beat so we can celebrate our new Gs Five-Points style!"
Krazy Kripples,Cipac,All right. [hobbles off]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Wow, these guys really are crippled. [the music starts up and the Crips start dancing] Timmy, I have a feeling that this is the start of something b-b-b-b...b-b-brilliant."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,Jimmy's home. A car drives up and drops off Timmy and Jimmy. The occupants are Crips.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Thanks for the ride home, fellas. We sure had a ...terrific time."
Krazy Kripples,Cipac,"Alrighty. Keep it real, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"You dawgs keep it real, too. [Cipac flashes the Crips signs for ""West Coast Crips"" and the boys return the gesture]"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [the Crips drive off]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well, that sure was a terrific time. Let's go all around tomorrow and show everyone our new outfits, Timmy."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [Jimmy goes on home as Timmy rolls off]
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, inside. His parents sit before the TV, his mom worried."
Krazy Kripples,Mom,"[jumps up] There you are, Jimmy!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Whatup, Mazie? Ye-yo, Pops?"
Krazy Kripples,Pops,"Jimmy, your mother was gettin' worried about you."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,No need to worry about me. I'm cool like a fool in a swimming ppp-ppp-pp-pp-pool. [turns and hobbles off]
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Outside, somewhere, day. A reporter begins speaking to the camera."
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing out front of the Stem Cell Research Facility with terrific news. Christopher Reeve, who was once paralyzed, claims that he can now stand."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"[flanked by two doctors, one of them carrying a medical organ cooler] Thank you everyone. [pulls out a fetus from the cooler and holds it in his left hand] To most people, this is just an ordinary fetus. But to people like me, [lifts it into the air] it's hope. [snaps it open as before and sucks out its juices.]"
Krazy Kripples,Crowd,Uugh.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Reeve tosses the carcass away, then he drops his feet to the floor, then he slowly rises from his wheelchair and raises his arms in victory. The crowd oooos and ahhhs."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Garrison,[arm around Mr. Slave] What an inspiration.
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, many celebrities have spoken out in protest of stem-cell research, but, after seeing this, how can they protest now? [Reeve takes out another fetus and sucks it dry. Stan and the boys walk by]"
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"[admonishing] Stay clear, guys, stay clear."
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,Yup. I'm not seeing anything.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"City Wok, day. Mr. Kim is wiping the counter down. Timmy and Jimmy enter dressed in their Crip outfits."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"Hey [studies the boys before him, then holds up his arms] Hey, I don't want no trouble!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Hello. We'd like two orders of Kung... Pao Chicken, please."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,I don't want no trouble! You just... take what you want and leave!
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"[as if Timmy had barked an order] OH! Okay, okay! [steps to the cash register and opens it] I open register"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"What's that? Oh, and one medium lemonade, please."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih.
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"[pulls out a stack of bills and sets them on the counter, then holds his arms up again] Here. Here one hundred twelve dorrar! It's all I have. Yeh take!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[confused] Huh?
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,You take! Uh one hundred twelve dorrar!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Ah- are you sure?
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,I no want no trouble. Just take it and leave!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[approaches the counter. Mr. Kim goes about preparing the food order] Well gee, that's really nice of you, Mr. ...Chinese person. [gets the money and shows it to Timmy] Look Tim-Tim, we got a cash prize. We must be the ...one hundredth customer or something."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"Here! Here two order of Kung Pao Chicken, and small ice tea!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Actually, it was a regular lemonade."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"[mortified at his error] AAAAAGH-agh!! [bows] I sorry! I sorry! I no want no trouble. [reaches for a cup and prepares a regular lemonade] Here. Remonade. [sets it on the counter. Jimmy reaches for it] Now go, just go!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Gee, thanks a lot. See you next time."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,[smiles] Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,[soon lowers his arms and places a call] Hello! Police? I've just been robbed by two gang members!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, later. His parents are standing by the kitchen's breakfast nook sipping coffee. A door opens in the living room, then closes."
Krazy Kripples,Pops,"Jimmy? Jimmy, could you come into the kitchen please?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[enters] Yo, Mamsie. What's up, Pops?"
Krazy Kripples,Pops,"Uh have a seat, Jim. Your mother and I need to talk to you. [Jimmy approaches a chair and struggles to climb up on it. He gets no help from his parents. He succeeds in climbing the chair, then in sitting upright. He settles down.] Son, your mother and I have noticed a change in your behavior. And... we're worried that you might be involved in a gang."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"A what? Oh, you mean the fellas. Well sure. But I can't talk about the club on account of its sssuper secret, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Mamsie,"Then it's true! Oh, Ryan, it's true! [buries her face in Ryan's chest and sobs uncontrollably]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Why you be trippin', Mom? I mean [enunciates the nest two words] come on. I'm finally a part of something, very much."
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,"Jimmy, those people you're hanging out with are no good."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Yo, don't be dissing my n***as, dawg. They're my f-friends."
Krazy Kripples,Mamsie,"And what about your standup comedy, Jim, huh? Are you just giving up on that, too?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[now naturally] Nobody cared about my standup comedy! All that hard work just to be outshined by C-Christopher Reeve the super b-butthole!
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,"Uh Jimmy, we've told you before. God made you the way he did for a reason!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Right. Because you and Mom used to make fun of crippled kids in high school.
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,"That's right. You were sent here through the vengeful and angry hand of God to teach your mother and I a lesson. And that's a big responsibility, son."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Look! My gang, which I can't talk about because it's super secret, is the most important thing to me now! And if you two don't like it, you can just pass the blunt to the n***a on your left. [hops off the chair and ambles off. His mom sobs again. Ryan holds her]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"A darkened lab. Christopher Reeve is pacing back and forth, having a headache."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,Where's that delivery of new fetuses?! Feeling weak again.
Krazy Kripples,Aide,"[rushes in with a fresh delivery] Here's the new shipment, sir. [Reeve lunges for the box and rips it out of the aide's hands, pushing the aide away] Hey! [Reeve tears into the box, opens the cooler, grabs a fetus, and starts sucking its juices out. A few seconds later, a door at the far wall opens]"
Krazy Kripples,Man,"Hello there, Christopher. [Reeve is upset that he's been disturbed, but turns around and turns pleasant]"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Well, well, Gene Hackman, my nemesis from the movies. How are you?"
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,I'm good. You?
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,I am better with each passing day. [turns around and pulls out another fetus] Stronger and more agile. [sucks its juices out as Hackman looks on]
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"Christopher, I've come to ask you to stop what you're doing?"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,[with fetus still on his lips] What?
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,Using stem cells is like playing God. You should leave nature alone.
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"And go back to the way I was? Is that what you're saying, Hackman?"
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"I'm saying that sometimes you need to just live with the cards you're dealt, Christopher."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"[raises his arms in a fit of rage, then turns away] Stop calling me Christopher! That name no longer has meaning to me! Christopher was someone who lived in a wheelchair! Always being pushed around by others! The old Christopher Reeve is dead! From now on, I am... [looks back menacingly] Chris!"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, night, living room. He sits on the floor between the couch and the coffee table working on a jigsaw puzzle."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Sixty-five... bottles of... beer on the wall. Six- [outside, a car rolls up to the house slowly. Four Bloods look at the house, all of them with masks on]"
Krazy Kripples,Blood,"[front passenger side] Payback time, mothafucka! [the Bloods starts spraying the house with bullets]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[looks around as the bullets tear up the windows] Jesus Christ! [dives to the floor and crawls to the other side of the table, then rises up.] Holy G...guacamole! [the bullets start tearing up the couch and the front door. Jimmy dives to the floor, then rises up a few seconds later.] Freakin' Frijoles! [dives to the floor again. The front door is gone and the couch's stuffing is all over the place. Its springs pop out. The right-side portrait next to the door falls. The bullets stop, and Jimmy rises once again] Leapin' L-langosta. [the left-side portrait falls]"
Krazy Kripples,Blood,"East Side Bloods! [the Bloods drop back into their car and peel off. Some time later, Officer Barbrady and his men show up to take reports and check out the crime scene. Timmy has returned to be with Jimmy. Two people walk up to the Swansons]"
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,We're Detectives Hyde and Richardson from the Special Gang unit in Denver.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Any word on who shot up me and Timmy's houses, officer?"
Krazy Kripples,Richardson,Word on the street is it was a retaliation hit by the Bloods.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,The... B-Bloods?
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,"You know, smart-mouth! Your rival gang! The Bloods are at war with the Crips, they kill each other all the time!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,The-they do??
Krazy Kripples,Richardson,"Don't act like you don't know, you lil' punk! The Crips and Bloods hate each other, and if you stay in that gang, you're gonna end up dead too."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,But... but why do they hate each other?
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,"Look kid, I used to be a Crip myself, but I'm not anymore!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Oh, so you used ssstemm cells like Christopher Reeve?"
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,[realizes this conversation is fruitless] Come on. The only way these kids are gonna get out of their gang is get killed. [the detectives leave. Jim's mom begins to sob and then runs into the house.]
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,[follows her in] Sarah!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[begins to pace before Timmy] Oh boy, Timmy, we should have never started a gang for people crippled from birth. Now they're at war with the people who are crippled from an accident. Boy were we wrong."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,[agreeing] Tim-mih.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Wow, w-we've got to do something, Timmy. We've gotta get the Crips and Bloods to s-stop fighting. I bet if we could just get them together... but how? Wu-wait a minute! I've got it! A lock-in at the rec center! We did it for our church once. All we do is rent out the rec center overnight. They lock the doors so nobody can leave, and then everyone has the whole night to play in the swimming pool and laugh and talk."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"You get all the Crips you can to the rec center tomorrow night, Timmy. And I'll try to get all the ...Bloods there."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,This is gonna be t-terrific!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"South Park, next day, in front of Tom's Rhinoplasty."
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"[same as before] Tom, several years ago, actor Christopher Reeve had a horrible accident and was paralyzed. The irony, of course, is that the man who played Superman could no longer walk. America watched in wonder as he managed to move one of his fingers, then his arms. And now, seen for the first time on HBC, Christopher Reeve is going to lift a truck up over his head. [Christopher walks over to a green truck and lifts the front end up over his head. The crowd oohs and claps for him]"
Krazy Kripples,Randy,"Oh, what a fighter."
Krazy Kripples,Gerald,"That brave, brave man."
Krazy Kripples,Liane,He's an inspiration to us all.
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, the irony is even more irony-y as it appears that the stem cells have given Christopher Reeve almost superhuman strength."
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"[appears with a crowd of people] Chris, that's enough!"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"[looks at Hackman and drops the truck] Hello, Gene! So good to see you!"
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"You're cured, Chris. It's time to stop using stem cells."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,Stem-cell research has made me stronger than I ever thought possible! Why stop now?!
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Uh Tom, apparently, Gene Hackman, the man who played Superman's enemy Lex Luthor in the movies, has now shown up as a celebrity protester of stem-cell research. If that isn't ironic, Tom, I don't know what is."
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"They're affecting your mind, Chris. If you won't stop using stem cells, then we'll stop you!"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Stop me?! Stop me?! HA!! [reaches over, picks up the truck clear over his head, and throws it at Hackman. Hackman and his crowd jump clear of the truck's path, screaming. The truck lands upside down where the crown stood. Reeve then runs down the street and onto a car] You won't stop me, Hack Man! [runs off the truck and jumps away maniacally] Ha HA! Ha HA! Ha haa haa! [jumps higher and higher until he clears buildings with each jump] Ya ha ha! Yaa haha!"
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, if irony were made of strawberries, we'd all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Recreation Center, night. Gang members file through the doors. Jimmy and Timmy greet everyone at the door. Timmy is disguised as Groucho Marx, Jimmy wears a ten-gallon hat."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Come on in, everybody. Lots of su-surprises and t-treats inside. [the last of the guests enter] Great to see you all. What a terrific audience."
Krazy Kripples,Janitor,"[an elderly man soon exits] Are you sure you got everything you need, young man?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"We sure do. Thanks, Mr. Apple...b-by."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Appleby,Just remember to make sure the kids play safe in the pool area.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,You bet. [he and Timmy move around him and into the center]
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Appleby,I'll be back at seven to let you out. You kids have a good time.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Oh, we will. [Mr. Appleby closes the door and locks it.]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Recreation Center, inside. A group of Bloods enter the gym and stop in their tracks. At the other end of the gym is a group of Crips, seated on some bleachers behind a basketball hoop. The Crips stand in reply."
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,The Bloods!
Krazy Kripples,Blood 1,Oh shit! It's a trap!
Krazy Kripples,Blood 2,Muthafuckin Crips tryin' to smoke us all out!
Krazy Kripples,Crip,What the hell is goin' on here? [Jimmy and Timmy step into the middle ground between the two gangs]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"It's called a lock-in at the rec center. We can use all the rec center facilities. We can play basketball, go swimming, or even just kick it in the lounge area with some games and ...p-puzzles."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"But nobody can leave until it's seven a.m., so if you wanna have a good time, you're all just gonna have to learn to get along. [immediately, both sides draw weapons and aim them at each other. Once all the weapons are out...] Theeerrre's pizzaaa."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Nighttime, near the city. The reporter stands next to a man-made lake."
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, over five years ago, doctors told Christopher Reeve that he would never walk again, but the resilient actor fought back, struggled against all odds, and has now built his very own Legion of Doom! [Its headquarters now appears behind him] The once immobile Mr. Reeve's new organization will be committed to world domination and evil. What an inspirational story, Tom."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Legion of Doom Headquarters, inside. Christopher Reeve is standing before a group of villains, both real and imagined."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"I have chosen each member of this elite group of supervillains for their outstanding treachery, [Osama bin Laden and Dr. Doom are shown, then Blank Manta and Saddam Hussein] Their desire for world conquest, [Cheetah, Kim Jong-il, and David Blaine are shown] and their hatred of all things good! [Professor Chaos is shown] And I've assembled this group for one purpose! To once and for all find a way to... [the picture behind him changes from a fist smashing Earth to a picture of Gene Hackman] get rid of Hack Man!! [laughs maniacally for effect, but no other villain moves]"
Krazy Kripples,Dr. Doom,"Uhhh, how about domination of the world?"
Krazy Kripples,Saddam Hussein,"Yeah. Or uh, death to the infidels?"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,Silence! OUR job is to see to it that Hack Man is put out of commission.
Krazy Kripples,Professor Chaos,"Oh boy, General Disarray, may- maybe we just oughtta stay outta this one."
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"[bursts through the doors with his supporters] Not so fast, Chris!"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,[sucking on yet another fetus] Hack Man!
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,We just helped pass a ban on stem-cell research. Your fetus-sucking days are over!
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,No... [grabs his head in frustration] NOOOO!
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,And now we're going to put you somewhere where you can never touch another fetus again!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Recreation Center, inside. The Bloods and Crips challenge each other."
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,You stupid mofos are dead!
Krazy Kripples,Blood 3,"Make the first shot, punk!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Hold it! Don't you see? It doesn't matter if we were crippled from birth, or crippled in an accident. We're all brothers."
Krazy Kripples,Blood 4,"Save it, fool! Crips ain't our brothers! [the atmosphere grows tense]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Look, we have the whole rec room to ourselves. Can't we all just try having some fun together?"
Krazy Kripples,58 Crip,"You talkin' crazy, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Blood 5,"Yeah, we ain't playin', sucka!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Why don't we at least give it a chance? I mean, [enunciates] Come on! [several tense seconds pass]"
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,Wait a minute. What did you say?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I said, ""I mean, [enunciates] Come on!"""
Krazy Kripples,Blood 4,"You know, maybe he's right. I mean, [enunciates] Come on!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[enunciates] Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,I guess we could at least give havin' fun together a try. It's like [enunciates] Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Blood 6,Yeah. Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Crip 2,"Yeah, that's right. Come on."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Someone,Come on.
Krazy Kripples,All,"[in agreement] Yeah, that's right. Come on. [moments later rap music is playing, gang members gather in the pool and one prepares for a dive. In the gym gang members play basketball without arguing. One of them dances along the foul line. In another room gang members play pool. The camera stops at Jimmy and three members - two Crips and one Blood]"
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,I've gotta give you two dawgs props for puttin' an end to all this hate.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I told you, lock-ins at the rec center always work. And you know, I've learned something, too. I was player-hatin' Christopher Butthole Reeve because he got more attention than me. But just like... y-you guys, I need to learn to control my a... anger."
Krazy Kripples,Blood,Right on!
Krazy Kripples,Crip,"[walks up to Timmy] Hey little roller, try some of this chronic shit."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [takes a hit. Both Crips and Bloods laugh]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I guess we all learned that trying to get along is way better than p... player hatin'. [a song begins, and Jimmy approaches the camera] The gang wrote a song about it. Why don't we listen in?"
Krazy Kripples,Gang Members,"It used to be that Crips and Bloods didn't get along, But now we're all a family, so we wrote this song. Naaa na naaa, Crips and Bloods. Naaa na naaa, hope and love. Naaa na naaa, friendly thugs."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,Outer space. Christopher Reeve is flung into space in a pane of glass.
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"You haven't seen the last of me, Hack Man! I will be back!!"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"The woods near South Park, night. Stan and friends watch the celestial spectacle."
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Dude, I am so glad we stayed out of that one."
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,Me too.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. A new classroom. As the camera follows a new teacher around, the following kids are seen working with clay. Clyde presses the pottery wheel pedal as Bebe molds a vase on the wheel. Wendy watches. Tweek, Red, and Pip work on clay on the table near the wall. In the foreground, Token presses the pottery wheel pedal as Annie molds a vase. Butters, Kevin, and Francis work on their own projects. Kenny, Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are laughing at their project, which didn't require the use of the pottery wheel."
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"[walks through the class] Okay. Good, children, good. Remember to feel the clay. Be one with the clay. Nice. Uh huh. [the boys still laugh at their monument]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,[laughing] Put more clay on the balls.
Toilet Paper,Teacher,[noticing] Boys! [they stop laughing as she points] What is that?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,A reindeer?
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"You know, I've had it! You four boys never take art class seriously!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[retorts] What a crime. [the three others chuckle, then laugh out loud]"
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"[displeased, with arms crossed] You think art is not important?"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Weelll, art is just kinda... for gaywads."
Toilet Paper,Butters,[pipes up] I love art class!
Toilet Paper,Stan,See?
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"[reaches for their creation and grabs it by the shaft] Do you think this is funny?! [shakes it around for effect] Do you think this is funny, huh?! [ends up looking at the head, as if she's about to suck on it. The boys cover their mouths to hold their laughter, knowing how she looks with their creation like that, but soon they burst out laughing. The teacher now cradles the project] Well, you four can just spend your afternoon after school here making new pottery! [the laughter stops and the boys' jaws drop.]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,You can't do that!
Toilet Paper,Teacher,I certainly can! I'm your teacher!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,You're an art teacher!
Toilet Paper,Teacher,Make it two hours!
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,Cut to after school. The art teacher sits at her desk watching the boys work on a proper vase on the pottery wheel. Kyle is pressing the pedal. The boys are angry at their teacher
Toilet Paper,Stan,Mrs. Streibel thinks she's so cool!
Toilet Paper,Kyle,How dare she talk to us like that?!
Toilet Paper,Kenny,"(Yeah, how the fuck is that?!)"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,We can't let her get away with this! [voicing dropping to almost a whisper] I think tonight we need to do something drastic.
Toilet Paper,Stan,Like what?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Like find out where Mrs. Streibel lives, and go over there, and... TP her house."
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Toilet Paper,Kyle,TP her house?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Toilet paper! Cover her house in toilet paper.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Oh.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[sensing Kyle's reluctance] What's the matter, Kyle? You chicken? [begins strutting like a chicken and making chicken noises. Kyle kicks Cartman in the balls in anger] Ugh! [drops to his knees, then gets one leg up]"
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"Quiet, boys. This isn't playtime, you're being punished!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"[glares back at her, then softly] Fine! But we'll have the last laugh tonight, artwhore!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[in pain] Yeah! Payback time, you ugly skank!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Henry's Supermarket, day. A woman watches her son ride in a coin-operated ride outside the store. Inside, the four boys approach checkout line 3 with two carts stacked high with packages of Kush Tush toilet paper."
Toilet Paper,Stan,D'you think that's enough?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Should be fine.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Don't you guys think this is a little suspicious? We should buy something else so it doesn't look obvious.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Okay. [reaches behind the other boys and grabs something] Here we go, pack of chewing gum. [tosses it into the first cart. They approach the cash register]"
Toilet Paper,Cashier,Hello boys. Find everything you need?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Yep. All set.
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"[begins scanning the packages] Mkay', let's see here. Toilet paper [""beep"" $1.50 for a four-pack] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] So, what are you kids up to tonight? [""beep""]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Oh, we're just gonna watch some TV, maybe play a board game."
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"Nice relaxing night at home, huh? Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Aaand toilet paper [""beep."" He picks up the gum] Eh, hey. [holds up the gum] Now you kids be careful with this chewing gum. Don't go sticking it under tables."
Toilet Paper,Stan,Okay
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"Okay. Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep.""] You know, son, I remember you comin' in last week and buying this much toilet paper. [""beep""]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Heh yeah, that that's right."
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"... Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"You TP'ed a house last week, Cartman?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,No. Last Thursday night was fajitas night.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Oh. [flashes disgust] Uuugh.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Mrs. Streibel's house, later, that night. The boys walk up to the house carrying black trash bags of toilet paper."
Toilet Paper,Stan,Is this the right house?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"It's the right address-wait! Look there! [the teacher prepares the dining-room table] There's Mrs. Streibel! This is the place. [loosens the drawstring on his back and lets the sides fall away. In the dining room, a boy and girl arrive and sit at table]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Oh wait, wait, there's kids inside."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,So?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,So we're not TP'ing a house with kids inside it!
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Kyle, we all agreed to do this!"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"We didn't say nothin' about no kids, man!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Kyle, you're being an asshole! Now let's do this thing and get out of m'yeah. [takes out a roll and advances a bit] Here's what I think of your art class, you God-damned bitch! [unleashes the first roll]"
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Yeah! Fuck you!)
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Majestic music plays as Kenny unleashes his roll. Stan unleashes a roll. Cartman tosses off another one and grins. More rolls of paper fly onto the roof. Kyle tosses up a roll, unsure of doing so. Stan unleashes another one, and his glee is unabashed. Kenny tosses off another one. More and more rolls fly over the roof. Kyle freezes in awe of their vandalism. Toilet paper covers the house, the garage, and the trees around the house. The boys head for the sidewalk."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Come on, let's go! [he and Kenny cross the road and drop down to a ditch on the other side. Stan follows]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,What have we done? [Stan looks back and gets Kyle]
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Let's go, Kyle! [drags him off. Kyle is transfixed for a bit, then turns to follow Stan. A last shot of the house, and then the boys reach their bus stop gasping for air.]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,The bus stop
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"We're, we're in trouble. We're in sooo much trouble."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Aw man, that was sooo awesome! [smiles]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,How can you say that? Did you see what we did to their house?! It'll take them days to clean that up!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Who cares??
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Well, YOU don't, because you're a non-caring asshole, Cartman!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Me?? [takes a couple steps forward] There's toilet paper on your hands, too, Kyle. [Kyle blanches]"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Cartman's right, Kyle. We're all in this together."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, after bedtime. Kyle's room. He is asleep, but begins to have nightmares."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Noo! No. [visions of flying toilet paper fill his head.] Noo! [an image of Mrs. Streibel's house being vandalized further, then of Mrs. Streibel running in horror.]"
Toilet Paper,Mrs. Streibel,AAAAAAAAA!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Honey, what is it?? Oh, Jesus no! Our house!"
Toilet Paper,Streibel daughters,[crying] Mommy! Mommy!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,[with her family around her] Whyyy? Whyyy?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"[wakes up, startled] Ah! Oh God! Oh God!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. The kids are in their regular classroom chatting, waiting for class to begin."
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Hey, uh, you guys here what happened last night? Mrs. Streibel's house got covered with toilet paper."
Toilet Paper,Clyde,Yeah. They say it's gonna take three weeks to get it all down.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Yeah? Well, Ol' Mrs. Streibel probably had it comin' to her."
Toilet Paper,Butters,I don't know. I don't think anybody deserves that kind of brutality.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Well, I understand the people who did it weren't caught, so-o... Looks like nobody will ever know the geniuses who masterminded that perfect crime. [the bell rings and Mr. Garrison enters with some books.]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, let's take our seats. Oh, uh, Stan, Kyle, Eric, and Kenny, the counselor wants to see you in his office, now."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,[snaps his fingers] Damn!
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Oh God!
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,Outside the counselor's office. The boys sit on chairs next to the door - the bench is gone. Kyle looks around nervously.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,How the hell did they find out it was us that TP'ed that house?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Will you relax, Kyle?! They have nothing on us! As long as we all stick to our story, we'll be fine."
Toilet Paper,Stan,We'd better go over our story again so we don't screw it up.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Okay. Last night, all four of us were at the bowling alley until about 7:30, at which time we noticed Ally Sheedy, the Goth chick from the Breakfast Club, was bowling in the lane next to us, and we asked her for her autograph, but she didn't have a pen, so we followed her out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,I'm confused. Did Ally Sheedy take that personality
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Yes, dude!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Kyle, it's very simple: we followed Ally Sheedy out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46, you got it??"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Ah, Ah I, ah I thought..."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[exasperated] Oh, for Christ's sake!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Look, Kyle, just let Cartman do all the talking, okay? He's better at being in trouble than anybody."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Thank you, Stan. [the doorknow begins to turn] Sh sh, here they come, here they come. [the door opens and Mr. Mackey appears] ""And so I said, 'That's a terrific joke, Wendy. Tell us another one.'"" Oh, hello, Mr. Mackey. Are you ready to see us now?"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"We're gonna talk to you one at a time, boys, m'kay? Kenny, will you step into my office, please?"
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Me??)
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"Come on, Kenny, let's go, 'k? [Kenny hops off and enters the office, and Mr. Mackey closes the door. The other boys' jaws drop a bit.]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Touchй, Mr. Mackey, touchй."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Why are they doing us one at a time?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"They want to see if we mix the story up, and see if someone will rat out the other three for a better deal."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,[brightens up] I can get a better deal?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Kyle, so help me God, if you Jew us out on this one, I will fucking kill you!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,The Streibel house. Mr. Streibel is removing the toilet paper from the trees and house with a broom. He's already filled two trash bags of toilet paper and is filling a third.
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"There we go. That should be about the last of it. [Officer Barbrady passes by with police tape, stretching it out from tree to tree. The camera pulls back to show the house is also covered in police tape] Ex- excuse me, uh, wha-what are you doing?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Crime scene investigation! [pulls out a small tape recorder and starts speaking into it] There are several footprints in the snow. Perhaps more than one perpetrator? [turns it off]
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Ah... look, we really don't wanna make a big deal out of this."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,[noticing the trash bags] Is that the toilet paper there? I'll need to take those bags as evidence.
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Look it's just not that big a deal, I mean, I toilet-papered houses myself when I was a kid."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,You?! So where were you last night at around 9?!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,I was here.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Aha!! Got you!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Officer, why would I TP my own house?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Insurance?
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"It wasn't me, okay? Now, if you don't mind, I just wanna get my yard back to normal."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,[grabs him by the collar] Now you listen to me! Whoever TP'ed your house is still out there roaming the streets. It's only a matter of time before another house and another family is victimized! I have to stop that from happening.
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"You really have nothing better to do, do you?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,No I do not.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, after bedtime. Kyle's room. He is asleep, but the nightmares return."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Noo! No. [visions of flying toilet paper fill his head.] Noo! [an image of Mrs. Streibel's house being vandalized further, then of Mrs. Streibel running in horror.]"
Toilet Paper,Mrs. Streibel,AAAAAAAAA!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Oh, Jesus no! Our house!"
Toilet Paper,Streibel daughters,[crying] Mommy! Mommy!
Toilet Paper,Nancy Kerrigan,[being treated on the ice rink] Whyyy? Whyyy? Whyyy?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"[wakes up, startled] Oh God! Oh God! I have to tell the truth! [hops off the bed and runs to the bedroom door] Mooooomm! [opens the door and finds Cartman in the hallway]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[in rave tones] Hello, Kyle. Going somewhere?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,I was... I was just going to get a drink of water.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,No need. I have one for you right here. [presents a glass of water to him]
Toilet Paper,Kyle,[takes the glass] Oh. Okay. Thanks.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Is there anything else I can get for you?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Noo, I'll just... be... going back to bed now."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"You do that. Goodnight, Kyle. [closes the door]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Park County Juvenile Hall, day. Inside, the warden leads Officer Barbrady to Cell Block 4."
Toilet Paper,Warden,Josh Meyers TP'ed over six hundred houses in less than a year. [fumbles for his keys.] He's a real monster.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,I just need to talk to someone who knows how toilet paperers think.
Toilet Paper,Warden,Just remember: he'd toilet-paper you in a second if he had the chance. [finally opens the door] He's the last cell on your left. [Barbrady enters and finds himself in an old part of the Hall. He walks past the prisoners and arrives at Josh's cell. It is a brick cell with a thick glass wall where prison bars would normally be. Holes in the glass allow for conversation. Josh has paintings of toilet paper around the cell.]
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Hello, Josh. My name is Officer Barbrady. I'm with the South Park police."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[affecting a Hopkins accent] That's a terrible cologne you're wearing, officer. You should try something more... casual."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,I was hoping you could help me solve a toilet-papering case?
Toilet Paper,Josh,And why would I do that? Because I'm such a charming fella?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Uh please, I need your help. What would you want in return?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,[turns away] Due to the harsh nature of my crimes they don't allow me to have toilet paper in my cell. You can imagine how bothersome that becomes.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"You... know I can't give you toilet paper, Josh."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[turns back] No, but it was worth a try, wasn't it? [a closeup of Josh's face] Tell me something, officer: why is it that you police such a small town. You must have had larger inspirations. What happened to those... big-city dreams?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"[reflecting] Well, that's kind of personal."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[extreme closeup] Quid pro quo, officer. Tell me what I want to know. And I'll help you catch whoever toilet-papered that house."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Look kid, I have very little time to catch whoever toilet-papered that house. Tell me what you know."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Are those the crime scene photos? Let me see them. [approaches the drop slot as Barbrady slides the packet of photos in, then walks back and takes them out for review.] Yes. Yes. Not bad work, not bad at all. These toilet-paperers are professionals...at least one of them is."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,So you think there was more than one. Why?
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[puts the photos behind his back] Tell me something first. When you went to the academy you had something to prove. You wanted to protect and serve, but mostly you wanted to protect yourself. Who were you protecting yourself from, Officer Barbrady?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Oh all right, all right, my uncle Charles used to hit me with a belt! [cries uncontrollably]"
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[closes his eyes, satisfied.] Thank you. Your toilet-paperers are most like males between the ages of 8 and 10 and probably virgins. Parents notice that much toilet paper missing, so they would have to have bought it themselves. Find out where the toilet paper came from, officer, and you just might catch your man."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Kids are moving towards their classes, passing each other in the process. Stan and Kenny are talking with Clyde, Craig, and Kevin."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Stan, Kenny, can I talk to you guys for a second? [Stan waves bye to Clyde, Craig, and Kevin, and they leave. He and Kenny approach Cartman talks in hushed tones] I think we have the counselor and the principal fooled, but we need to talk about Kyle."
Toilet Paper,Stan,What about him?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Come on, you know. He's losing it. He's gonna crack."
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(I think so too.)
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Kyle can't take the heat; he's gonna sing like a canary. Then we're all gonna take the fall for what we did.
Toilet Paper,Butters,[walks up] Ha-ey fellas. [Cartman and Kenny avoid eye contact with Butters]
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Butters. [looks down, then away, then sniffs, then clears his throat. After a while, Butters just walks off]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[a few seconds later] Look you guys, all it takes is for one of us to crack, and we all know who the weakest link is!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,So what should we do?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,We have no choice. We have to kill Kyle.
Toilet Paper,Stan,"[just looks at Cartman] ... Dude, we're not killing Kyle!"
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Why not?
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Kyle's not gonna say anything, alright?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"He almost spilled the beans in the counselor's office! He can't even keep the story straight! I'm telling you guys, he's weak. He's weak, and he'll be the end of all of us. [walks off]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,South Park Police Department.
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"You wanted to see me, Officer Barbrady?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Yes, thanks for coming, Mr. Bell. A house was TP'ed in South Park and I need to see if you can identify the toilet paper I recovered from the scene. [walks up to a body bag] I'm... sorry I have to do this. [unzips the bag and recoils with Bell at the apparent foul odor. They both cough]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,Oh my God.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Is this toilet paper from your store?
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,"It's... difficult to tell, it's... so decayed, I... wait a minute, yes. Yes, I recognize the floral pattern now."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"[takes out the tape recorder, turns it on, and speaks into it] Positive ID on the toilet paper. [turns it off and puts it away]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,Who would... do this to toilet paper? Who?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Mr. Bell, do you remember anyone suspicious buying toilet paper in the last few days?"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,Suspicious like how?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Well, like someone who was black or Mexican or Middle Eastern."
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,"Nnoo, the only Mexican guy I recall bought toasted tarts and chips and... we don't allow Middle Eastern people in the store. [arrives at a realization] Oh my God! [vomits]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Stark's Pond, night. A low fog moves over the surface of the water."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"What's this all about, Cartman?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I just wanted to see how you're doing, Kyle. Why don't we go out for a little boat ride?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,A boat ride?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,I just thought we should find a private place to... talk.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Well, okay."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Could you help me put this cement block and chain in the boat? [Kyle walks over and helps Cartman load the block and chain onto the boat. Kyle then hops in. Cartman retrieves a bat, loads it onto the boat, and hops in. The boat begins to float away from the shore.] Okay, let's go. [starts to row. The boat heads for the middle of the pond, and eerie music plays] So how are things, Kyle?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Terrible. Every time I close my eyes I see the house we TP'ed. I see the tears of our art teacher and hear the screams of her daughters.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,And you feel like you have to confess.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"I don't know what to do. [Cartman reaches for the bat while Kyle has his back to him] Part of me feels like I wanna end it all now. [Cartman takes aim] Tell people what heppened. You know, I never knew how beautiful this pond was before. [Cartman moves the bat around, measuring Kyle] So cold. The world can feel like that. [Cartman moves forward, ready to whack him] So calm on the outside, as if nothing bad ever happens. [Cartman takes a whack at Kyle's head, but all Kyle does is blink] Ow. [rubs his head and turns around] What the hell are you doing, Cartman?!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I'm killing you. But unfortunately I could only afford a wiffle ball bat, so it's gonna take a while. [whacks him again]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Cartman!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Don't fight it, Kyle, it will only take longer. Just slip into sweet unconsciousness. [whacks him twice more]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"You wanna kill me?! Fine! [turns around and crosses his arms] I can't live like this anymore! Go ahead! Do it! [Cartman lowers the bat and thinks a bit, then resumes whacking Kyle. Once. Then eight more times.]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Won't be long, Kyle. [whacks him three more times.]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Juvenile Hall, day. Barbrady returns to Cell Block 4."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Josh, I need your help."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"The answer is right in front of you, but you can't see it."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,How do you mean?
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Tell me, the toilet paper. Was it quilted?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Yes.
Toilet Paper,Josh,Single-sheet?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"No, two-ply. [Josh closes his eyes and thinks hard] What? What does that tell you?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,Why does one toilet-paper houses
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,To get revenge.
Toilet Paper,Josh,"No, that is incidental. Your toilet-paperers wanted to transform the art teacher's house, thus transforming her entire occupation."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,What do you mean?
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Your uncle, who hit you with a belt. Was he a large man?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"I don't have time for this, kid."
Toilet Paper,Josh,Did he stink like bayer when he came home from work all powoor from playin' down at the pool house?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Alright alright my dad dressed me up like a little girl on poker nights and he made me sit on all my uncles' laps! [cries uncontrollably]
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Whoa. Uh, oh. Thank you. Your toilet-paperers are most likely students in the art teacher's class, students who aren't very good at art."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Oh. Of course! One of her students!
