Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The class laughs.
Mecha-Streisand,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, keep quiet. I'm trying to sleep."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Under the morning edition of the ROCKY MTN. NEWS, with Mr. Hankey as the lead story."
Mecha-Streisand,Anthropologist,"Now, can anybody tell me, who left these arrowheads here?"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Isn't that your job?
Mecha-Streisand,Anthropologist,"Well... yes, but I want to see if you're learning anything."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Oooh.
Mecha-Streisand,Anthropologist,"Okay, I tell you what. Why don't we all grab our little anthropology pickaxes - that were handed out and we wuh dig for our very own Indian arrowheads."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"The class cheers, scatters, get some pickaxes and start picking away at the site."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Day is never finished, Massa got me working Someday Massa set me free..."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Dude. Shut up, Cartman."
Mecha-Streisand,Pip,Oh! Oh I think I found one!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Reaching down for an arrowhead.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman takes notice.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"No, I found it."
Mecha-Streisand,Pip,Oh. I do believe I found it first.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"No, I did, Pip."
Mecha-Streisand,Pip,Oh dear.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Well, I guess we'll have to ro-sham-bo for it."
Mecha-Streisand,Pip,What do you mean?
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Well. First I kick you in the nuts as hard as I can, then you kick me in the nuts as hard as you can, and we keep going back and forth until somebody falls. The last one standing gets the arrowhead."
Mecha-Streisand,Pip,"Oh. By, weh. I suppose if I must."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Okay, ready? I'll go first."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Cartman back up, then runs at Pip, and kicks him in the nuts. Pip goes down in pain. The other kids laugh."
Mecha-Streisand,Pip,"Well-uh I, I guess you win."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Huh I don't care. You can have this stupid arrowhead, I don't want it."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Tosses it back to Pip. The kids resume digging.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Day is never finished, Massa got me working... Oh, look, I found another one."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,He looks it over.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Ooh, this is just a stupid triangle!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"He tosses this one away, as well. It lands before Kyle."
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Whoa. Check it out, dude."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle picks up the triangle.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,It's got little drawings on it.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Stan comes over to check it out.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,What is it?
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,I don't know.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"The triangle flickers, then glows for a moment."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Whoa!
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,That was cool!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman rushes over.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Eeyy! Give me that back!
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"You threw it away, Cartman! It's mine now."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,We'll ro-sham-bo for it!
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"No way, fatty, it's mine!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,ANTHROPOLOGIST!
Mecha-Streisand,Anthropologist,"[Strolling over.] How's it going, boys?"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"I found a magic triangle, and this greedy son of a bitch took it from me!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"You threw it away, fatso!"
Mecha-Streisand,Anthropologist,"Hm, let me see that. [Examines it.] Why, this is Anasazi writing! My God, this must be thousands of years old!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"[To Kyle.] Come on, let me kick you in the nuts for it!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle takes the triangle from the anthropologist and walks away.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"News 4, Special Report."
Mecha-Streisand,Anchor,"...and finally tonight, a young boy from South Park, Colorado found something very interesting during a field trip today. Here with a special report is a quadriplegic Swiss man on a pony."
Mecha-Streisand,Quadriplegic Swiss man,"Thanks, Tom, the little eight year old was very shocked indeed when he came across a very ancient triangular object."
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Well, I was just digging around, and I was all like, 'dude, I found this triangle' and my friends were like, 'dude' and I was all like 'dude.'"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"...and I told him. I said, 'Kyle, I will kick you in the nuts.' But he didn't give it back to me. So I kicked him square - in the nuts, and he cried - like Nancy Kerrigan!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"[Off camera,] You liar, Cartman!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Screw you, triangle thief!"
Mecha-Streisand,Quadriplegic Swiss man,"And so, the little boy will take his discovery home and perhaps donate it to science... mwell a little later. Back to you, Dave."
Mecha-Streisand,Dave,"Thanks Tom. Those are some cute, cute kids, except for that last one-he's a little tubby."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman pops up before the camera.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Eeyy!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle's house. The boys have returned from their trip.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"What are you going to do with it, dude?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"I'm going to put it in my room, where Cartman can't find it."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Oh I'll find it, don't worry!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle enters his room and closes the door. Cartman rushes up to it and jumps on the door knob.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"God - dammit, give me my triangle, Kyle, seriously."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"You did throw it away, Cartman."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,I was just setting it aside.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Well, you might as well let it go."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Never! I'll get that triangle if it's the last thing I do!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,School cafeteria. Chef is preparing a dish.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Give me a little bit of that pepper Give me a little bit of that salt Put it in the skillet and cook it...
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Excuse me, sir..."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Can I help-ey, you're that movie critic - guy on TV."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Leonard Maltin, yes."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Well, I'll be a teenage girl backstage at am Aerosmith concert. Leonard Maltin in my cafeteria. I'm Chef."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"I know who you are. You must listen to me, Chef. We have precious little time. Have you seen Barbra Streisand recently?"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Barbra Streisand? You mean like, the Barbra Streisand?"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Have you seen her?!
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,No. Not since Yentl.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Thank God. Then I'm not too late.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Too late for what?
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Chef, it is of the utmost importance that you tell me where those little boys from the news report on TV are."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Why do you care?
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The bus stop. Stan and Kyle are working on a snowman as Cartman and Kenny watch.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,I have a button we can use for his nose.
Mecha-Streisand,Kenny,"(Yeah, and I got this nice marble sack to go with this carrot stick, see?)"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,What would we use a marble sack for?
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Be careful where you put that carrot. Kyle might steal it.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,I didn't steal anything.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman looks away so as to not see Kyle.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Stan, would you tell Kyle that I'm not speaking with him?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Good!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle looks back as helicopter blades are heard.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,What's that noise?
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,A pink helicopter descends.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Whoa!
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Aaah! Aliens!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Cartman covers his butt. The helicopter lands, the door opens, and Barbra Streisand appears."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Who is the boy I saw on the news report tonight?
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Stan and Kenny point at Kyle.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Hello there, little boy. Do you know who I am?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,No.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Ugh. I bet you do.}} I'm going-
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Aagh! Stop that!
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,-where there's lucky clovers in the f-
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Ow, that sucks, dude!"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,I'm Barbra Streisand!
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,...so?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"So?! Uh muh, so I'm a very famous and very important individual."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Like John Elway important?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,What?!
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,D'you know John Elway?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,No!
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Oh, so you're really famous and important but you don't know John Elway!"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Ugh. Look. Little boy, I understand that you found a neat little triangle near here, you know what I'm talking about?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Yyeeaahh.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"No! I found it, he stole it!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"You threw it away, Cartman!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"I'm not talking to him, because he's a dirty thief."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Well, little boy, does the triangle have a symbol of two snakes joined at the middle?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Yeah. How'd you know?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Okay, now this is very important. Where is the triangle of Zinthar now?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Triangle of Zinthar?
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Why do you wanta know, lady?!"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"I'm not talking to you, you piss-ant little hick!"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Where is the triangle, dammit?!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,She picks up Kyle by the throat.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,AAAAAA!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Barbra drops Kyle as Officer Barbrady approaches.
Mecha-Streisand,Officer Barbrady,What seems to be the problemo here?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Problemo? Huh, There's no problemo, Officer. I was just introducing myself to these charming little boys."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Na-ah! She's being a total bitch!
Mecha-Streisand,Officer Barbrady,"Boys, shouldn't you be in school?"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,It's Saturday.
Mecha-Streisand,Officer Barbrady,"No excuses, move along, you little troublemakers!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys leave. Kyle lucked out.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Barbra faces Officer Barbrady.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,...Well?!
Mecha-Streisand,Officer Barbrady,Well what?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"You know who I am, don't you?"
Mecha-Streisand,Officer Barbrady,"Well, you ain't Fiona Apple, and if you ain't Fiona Apple, I don't give a rat's ass!"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Waaaaaaah!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,She leaves in a huff.
Mecha-Streisand,Officer Barbrady,"Hoh, what a bitch!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle's house. Chef and Leonard Maltin are at the door
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Chef rings the bell and knocks.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"I guess he's not home, Leonard Maltin."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Damn! Then we must look for them elsewhere.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Come on, man. What is this all about?"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"If Barbra Streisand saw the same report I did, then those boys are in grave danger. If you were Barbra Streisand, where would you be right now?"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Hmmm.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,A picture of Tom's Rhinoplasty pops into his head.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Nono! I mean, where would she be staying?"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Oh. Uh, well, I always heard that Ms. Streisand had her own $4 million condominium - up near the ski slope."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Where?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Uh I don't know. Ih-ih it was just a rumor.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Dammit man, where's your car?!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Barbra Streisand's four million dollar condo in the mountains.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"He has it, Milo. That little bastard has the triangle."
Mecha-Streisand,Milo,Are you sure?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,I'm sure! He knew about the symbol of Krewluck!
Mecha-Streisand,Milo,Then why don't we go get it?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,A cop showed up - he's a clever one - I can't blow everything now that I'm this close. Everything must be handled very carefully.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"She goes to some bookshelves and pulls on a book, on the top of which is a secret button. She presses the button and the shelf rotates to reveal a pedestal with two holders. One triangle is already in one holder, the other one is still alone."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"How many years has it been, Milo? Thirty? Forty? For so long I have waited to find the other triangle, and now I am so close. The Dawn of Zinthar is close at hand!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,She laughs rather hysterically.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Kyle's bedroom. He's asleep. A model of the solar system, a picture of him and his elephant, and the Triangle of Zinthar can be seen on his dresser. The camera pans up to see a saw cutting through the ceiling. The hole is made and the cut piece is pushed unto the floor. Kyle flinches and turns around, now facing the wall. A rope comes down and footfalls are heard. Kyle adjusts himself. A pair of eyes looks around and sees the triangle, then Kyle, then back to the triangle. The eyes approach and two hands reach out to grab the triangle."
Mecha-Streisand,Ike,Cokeshen.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Cartman is distracted, knocking down the picture, waking up Kyle."
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Cartman?
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"[Revealing himself.] You scared the crap out of me, Ike!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,What the hell are you doing?!
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"I'm trying to get my tri- wait a minute, I'm not talking to you. Ike, will you tell Kyle that I was trying to get my triangle back?"
Mecha-Streisand,Ike,Rear trohtru badt.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Well, Ike. You can tell Cartman that it's my triangle!"
Mecha-Streisand,Ike,Cookeh monter.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Well, you can tell Kyle that he's a dirty goddamn son of a bitch!!"
Mecha-Streisand,Ike,Ahtoahtahneurah.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle gets out of bed.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Alright, alright! If it means that much to you, take the stupid triangle!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Huh?!
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"If it'll make you leave me alone, then just take the damned thing! Here!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle hands him the triangle.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"There. Now, get out of my house! And I hope you feel really, really good about yourself!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman looks at the triangle.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Hell, yeah I do, I got the triangle. I got the triangle, I got the triangle, dee dun dee dun"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"He backs up and goes out the door. Kyle goes back to sleep. Meanwhile, in Chef's Town and Country, He and Maltin are driving around."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Are you sure Barbra Streisand has a condo up here?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,It was just a rumor. A lot of big celebrities have mountain condos.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Then we've got to keep looking.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"[Braking hard.] Alright. Leonard Maltin, this has gone far enough! I ain't drivin' another mile until you tell me what this is all about!"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Haven't you ever been curious about the insanity Barbra Streisand exhibits?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Well, I always heard she was kind of a bitch, but-."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"More than a bitch! She's a calculating, self-centered egotistical bitch! She was born in a small town, her mother was a jackal, and her father was an insurance salesman."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Woohoohoohoo. An insurance salesman?
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"When she was five, she knew that she wanted to be a famous singer, but by the time she was six, her ambitions became to rule the universe. She learned of an ancient diamond, the Diamond of Pantheos."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Okay. You know what? Never mind, I don't need to know all this!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Starts up the station wagon.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Forget I asked!
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Before she was seven the keepers of Pantheos learned of this insane little girl's wish. The diamond was split up, and buried at opposite ends of the world. But then, during the shooting of My Fair Lady, Barbra Streisand found one of the triangles."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,And the other triangle is the one that little Kyle has?
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Yes, Mr. Chef. If Babs gets a hold of that other triangle, she will fulfill her prophecy, and become the most threatening thing ever known to mankind. Mecha-Streisand!"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Mega-Streisand? Oh, man, I don't know what the hell that means, but it doesn't sound good."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"The bus stop, Monday."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Man, the bus sure is late."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Hmmm. I wonder what I should do with my triangle, now that it is mmyy triangle."
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Dammit Cartman! I gave it to you so you would shut... up.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Barbra Streisand pulls up in her car wearing a Groucho Marx face mask, and steps out."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Oh, hello there, little boys. How are you today?"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Fine.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"That is great. My name is Mrs. Jones, and I am a very friendly, nice person."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The four boys stand silent.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,I hear that one of you found my triangle.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Your triangle?
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Yes. You see, that triangle is part of my kidney dialysis machine. I'm so glad you found it, because without it I was sure to die within hours."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Oh no you don't! Finders Keepers!
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,But I'll die.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Well, I guess we'll have to ro-sham-bo for it. I'll kick you in the nuts as hard as I can, then you kick me square in the nuts as hard as you can..."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,I want to give you a big cash reward for finding it. It's worth a lot of money to me.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,It is?
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Hey, no wonder that Barbra Streisand lady wanted it."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Oooh, hahahah. Who is that?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Oh, just this really really old lady who wishes she was still only 45."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys laugh and Barbra seethes.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Yeah, and you should have seen her nose. It was big enough to land stealth bombers on."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys laugh again and Barbra gets angrier.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Yeeh, stealth bombers."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys laughs some more.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Yeah, and talk about a bitch, I haven't seen-"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,ENOUGH!!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys are suddenly horrified.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Oh, Haa-ha. Anyway, if you'll come with me in my car, I'll take you up to my condo where I'll kill you - I I mean-uh, uh give you - money - for the triangle."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Sweet! I'm gonna be rich. Bet you wish you hadn't given me that triangle back now, huh, Kyle? Dumbass!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Heads for the car.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Wait. Isn't there some rule about not getting into cars with strangers?
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"No, not when money is involved, stupid!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The kids climb into her car and Barbra revs it up.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Fanfare. Hollywood, at Direct to Video Studios."
Mecha-Streisand,Director,And. Action!
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,"[To Sally Struthers.] Rebecca, I'm a man. A man like any other with dreams and emotions. And that's why I'll never put a foreign object up my ass."
Mecha-Streisand,Director,"Cut, great, print that. Excellent work, Sid. Take five, guys, let's set up for the next shot."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Sidney heads for his dressing room, enters, and heads for the mirror."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,A clam shell opens up revealing two tiny princesses.
Mecha-Streisand,Princesses,Hello.
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,Huh?
Mecha-Streisand,Princesses,You must hurry! A young man has found the Triangle of Zinthar.
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,Where?
Mecha-Streisand,Princesses,At a small piss-ant white-bread mountain town in Colorado called South Park.
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,Excellent!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Back at Barbra's condo.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Eh. Soon, the triangle of Zinthar will be mine, and I will be the biggest, most famous person ever!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Cartman is strapped to a rack, the others hang from chains."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Ugh. Let me go! Seriously!
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Yeah, let us go!"
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,You fools have no idea the powers that you are meddling with! I'll teach you to meddle with my triangle!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Pulls the lever next to her.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The ropes start to tighten on the rack.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Eey! It's not my triangle, it's Kyle's!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Hey! Don't try to pass it back on me, fat-ass!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Eechh! Screw you, hippie! Eeeh-eh."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Wheeere is the triangle of Zinthar?!
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,I don't remember.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Goddammit tell her! I wanna go home!
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,[Slowly.] Maybe this will help jar your memory...
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,No! Don't!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,She starts singing again and the kids scream with pain.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,AAAAAA! AAAAADUH!
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,NOOOW do you remember?!
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"WAAAGH! Damn your black heart, Barbra Streisand!"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Ugh. I don't know how much more I can take, dude."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Alright. You asked for it! I'm gonna tell you now...
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys resume their screaming.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Chef's Town and Country. Still looking...
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Eeeeh-I don't know, man. Maybe Barbra Streisand doesn't have a place up here after all."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Well, looks like we'll have to go to plan B."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"There's a plan B? Why the hell have we been driving around all night and day for, when there's a plan B."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Have you ever heard of the band called, The Cure?"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Ooh, come oonn! Don't tell me The Cure has something to do with this too!"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"No, no. Just the lead singer. [He starts convulsing.] Oh! Ah!"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Who-o-oa! What's the matter, Leonard Maltin?"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,She's close! She's very close-I can feel her.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Where?
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Sh-She has the boys! The, they're in trouble!"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Ooh, fudge!"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Keep going this way! Hurry!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,They round a bend and disappear.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The condo.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Happiness with you is like happiness...
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The boys are still screaming.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Okay, okay. I'll tell where the triangle is, it's inside my shoe."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Milo approaches and removes Cartman's right shoe.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Aagh! For Christ's sake, Cartman, when was the last time you changed your socks?"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,I suppose your socks smell like the Botanical Gardens!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Milo hands the triangle to Barbra.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,"Finally, the triangle is mine! After centuries of waiting, I finally have the triangle of Zinthar! Now, the Diamond of Pantheos is complete."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Barbra joins the triangles and the resulting diamond begins to spin and glow.
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,Sugoi! Kono hi wa... atarashii hajimari da! Ima kara... atashi no namae wa... (Wow! Today is... a new beginning! From now on... my name will be...)
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"A strobe flash goes off when the diamond reaches the height of its brilliance, and the pedestal the diamonds were on shines very brightly thereafter."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Flashes of light continue to escape the diamond, and Barbra beings to transform."
Mecha-Streisand,Barbra Streisand,...Mecha... Barbura... Sutoraisando!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"She grows as she transforms, breaking through the roof, then lets out a roar and leaves her condo as a giant mechanical lizard."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,South Park. Mecha Streisand arrives.
Mecha-Streisand,Jimbo,"Holy crap, Ned! That's the biggest Goddamned deer I have ever seen!"
Mecha-Streisand,Reporter,"...and so, just weeks after the devastating attack of mutant genetic creatures, zombies, and Thanksgiving turkeys, the town of South Park has managed to rebuild itself, once again be-"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Mecha Streisand appears behind him, holding a car, and lets out a roar as she devours it."
Mecha-Streisand,Reporter,"Oh, Goddammit, not again!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,She rips the roof off the new Sushi Bar.
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,"Bar-bura, Bar-bura... [she crushes the sushi bar with her foot] ...ichi ban kirai no hito. (the number 1 hateful person.) [She steps off the sushi bar. The Mayor is watching from her window across the street] Bar-bura, Bar-bura... [Mecha Streisand throws the roof away, then rips the roof off the building next to it, grabs two people, but drops one of them] ...hana ga ookii. (...her nose is big.) [The Mayor looks on, mortified. Her door opens]"
Mecha-Streisand,Assistant,Mayor! Barbra Streisand is-
Mecha-Streisand,Mayor,I noticed! Call the National Guard!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Her assistant leaves as Mecha Streisand roars again.
Mecha-Streisand,Mayor,"Ohohohoh, we'll get you, you bitch."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Mecha Streisand grabs the building and shakes the people out of it.
Mecha-Streisand,Mayor,And to think I actually watched your HBO special.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The condo. Chef and Leonard Maltin arrive.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Children!
Mecha-Streisand,The boys,Chef!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Leonard Maltin notices the gaping hole in the ceiling.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Oh no! No! She has joined the two triangles?
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Yes! She stole my triangle!
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Get us down from here!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Chef tries to remove the chains from Stan's wrists.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,I can't - break these - locks!
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Stand back, Chef!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Chef stands back as Leonard Maltin does a few martial arts moves.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Marutam Re!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"His eyes send out laser beams. He first frees Stan and Kyle, then Cartman and Kenny."
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Whoa, that was cool!"
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"I've got to go after Mecha Streisand! Chef, I need you to call Robert Smith of The Cure at this number!"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Robert Smith? Sweet!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,A studio. Robert Smith picks up the phone.
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,Hello?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Uuuh, yes. Is this Robert Smith of the Cure?"
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,"Yes, i' is."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"This may sound kind of strange, but... Leonard Maltin asked me to call you."
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,"Ooooooh so Barbra Streisand's found the other triangle, eh?"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Chef is stunned.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,South Park. Looks pretty devastated. The National Guard is pulling in.
Mecha-Streisand,Sergeant,"All right, men, give 'er everything you've got!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Mecha Streisand roars down at them, and they fire rockets at her from all around, to no effect. Helicopters surround her and fire away. Jimbo and Ned are in one of them, with Ned piloting."
Mecha-Streisand,Jimbo,"Get around th' side there, Ned. I can't get a shot in from here."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Ned circles around to her face.
Mecha-Streisand,Ned,Okay. Aah! aah! I'm scaared!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Jimbo fires a shoulder rocket, but it just bounces off her shoulder. She rears back and swats Their helicopter out of the sky. The other helicopters scatter."
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,"Bar-bura, Bar-bura, sugoi na bitchu da. (Barbra, Barbra, she's a huge bitch.)"
Mecha-Streisand,Sergeant,[To his commander.] It's no use! Our firepower has no effect!
Mecha-Streisand,Sheila,"Oh my God, it is you! Oh, I am such a huge fan, Ms. Streisand. I never thought I'd live to see you in person!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Mecha Streisand roars back.
Mecha-Streisand,Sheila,"I hate to ask this, but could I get an autograph? My sister would die."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Mecha Streisand roars assent and stoops to sign the autograph book.
Mecha-Streisand,Sheila,"Oh thank you, Ms. Streisand!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Mecha Streisand roars in triumph and rounds a corner. Everybody runs.
Mecha-Streisand,Citizen,Oh my Goooodd! [Amid screams.]
Mecha-Streisand,Mr. Garrison,"We're doomed! Good-bye, Mr. Hat."
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,"Bar-bura, Bar-bura!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,She stops before Leonard Maltin.
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,Barbra!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"She steps back surprised, then roars."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,"Kite, Kite. Churipu. (Come, come. Tulip!)"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Leonard Maltin begins to transform.
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,Ultura Lenardu Marutin!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Lenardu Marutin shows off some moves. Mecha Streisand respnds by kicking away the ushi bar. Chef and the boys arrive just after that. Lenardu Marutin grabs the building next to the bar and hits her with it, causing her to fall back."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Look out, children!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Townspeople run by, then the boys scream and scatter. Jimbo's Guns lands where they were standing. Mecha Streisand kicks Lenardu Marutin in the groin and he lands on his back, but Chef and the boys have to scatter again before he does. Stan and Kyle regroup and look at the scene, but Kyle turns around for some reason. Kenny is seen running towards a tetherball. He hits it with his left hand. It swings around and swoops him up."
Mecha-Streisand,Kenny,(Oh no! I have got to stay away fro-aaagh!)
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kenny dies strangled by the tether-ball.
Mecha-Streisand,Kenny,(Ugh!)
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,You bastard!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Sidney Poitier flies in like Superman and lands next to Chef.
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,What's going on here?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Sidney Poitier?
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,That's right. I'm Sidney Poitier.
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"Damn, man, it's nice to meet you! Seein' Sidney Poitier in my hometown!"
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,Barbra Streisand has found the triangle of Zinthar?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Yeup! She's made the Diamond of Pantheos alright.
Mecha-Streisand,Sidney Poitier,Kolooh kulatchki!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Sidney Poitier begins transforming.
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,"Mega Poatia, Mega Poatia, sogoi kuroi da ne. (Megara Poatia Megara Poatia. Look, how black you are.) [Mega Poatia takes off and spins towards Mecha Streisand.] Mega Poatia, Mega Poatia-"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,[Annoyed.] Is that really necessary?
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Mecha Streisand fends off Lenardu Marutin, then picks up Megara Poatia and twirls him around in an airplane move and throws him onto a mountain. He bounces over the top and away. The boys are shocked. Lenardu Marutin fixes his gaze on her, but she blocks it with her right hand. She then breathes a plasma blast at him, which lands hard and knocks him onto his back."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"It's over. She's too strong for them, children. We'll have to leave town."
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Make it go away! I hate Barbra Streisand! I hate her!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman covers his eyes.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"My mom always said there were no monsters, but there are, aren't there, Chef?"
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,We have to say good-bye... to South Park.
Mecha-Streisand,Woman,"Oh my Goooood, help meeee!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Mecha Streisand is tearing up the town, ripping apart some buildings, stomping on others..."
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,Am I too late?
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,[Irritated.] Who are you?
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Dude! Robert Smith of the Cure!
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Sweet!
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,"Here, you boys hold this walkie, you can help me fight her."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,"You can try, Robert Smith, but that thing just beat the crap out of Leonard Maltin and Sidney Poitier."
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,I have to try. I can't let Barbra Streisand do this to the entire world.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Robert Smith begins transformation into a giant moth.
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,"Rabartu Smisu, Rabartu Smisu, tashiwa daisuki Rabartu Smisu. (Robert Smith, Robert Smith, I like you a lot, Robert Smith)"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Mecha Streisand heads for a gas station with a dinosaur for its symbol, but Rabartu Smitu comes up fast behind her. She notices. He shrieks at her, she covers her ears, and skyscrapers all around lose their windows. She responds with her own shrieks, and he covers his ears. More skyscrapers lose their windows."
Mecha-Streisand,Leonard Maltin,[Back to normal.] We must tell him that her weak point is the nose.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"[Into the walkie.] Robert Smith, hit her nose. Use Robot Punch."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Rabartu Smitu looks at him and acknowledges the command by lefting the right-hand index and pinky fingers. Mecha Streisand tears apart some power lines and prepares to electrocute him, but he launches his fist. It hits her square on the nose and a diamond falls out, which lands in fron of Kyle."
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,The Diamond of Pantheos. [Looks at Stan.] She must be powerless now.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"[Into the walkie.] Quickly, Robert Smith! She's powerless!"
Mecha-Streisand,Singer,"Rabartu Smisu, Rabartu Smisu!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Chef looks at him more annoyed than before. Rabartu Smitu maneuvers Mecha Streisand around and grabs her by the tail. After some airplane spins he launches her into outer space. An electrical overload occurs and she blows up into millions of pieces. The fireworks can be seen from the town and the townspeople cheer up and down.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,He did it!
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"No more Barbra Streisand, everrrrr!"
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Wow! Robert Smith is the greatest person that ever lived!
Mecha-Streisand,Jesus,Our Savior!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Robert Smith transforms back to normal.
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,"Can I have my walkie-talkie back now, please?"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,No way! You gave it to us-it's mine now!
Mecha-Streisand,Robert Smith,"Alright, I'll ro-sham-bo you for it. Ready?"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Huh?
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman gets a kick in the groin and falls. Robert Smith moves aside.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Eh. Aaah-ah! Aaah!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Robert Smith walks towards the sunset as Japanese music plays, apparently without the walkie-talkie."
Mecha-Streisand,Chef,Hey! Where's he goin'?
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Good-bye, Robert Smith!"
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,Thanks for your help! Visit us again!
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Disintegration is the best album everrr!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle's house.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Well, what should we do with the two triangles now?"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,We've got to get rid of them.
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Kyle heads for a small trash can next to the coffee table.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,Nobody should have the kind of power Barbra Streisand wanted!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,He tosses the triangles in.
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Well, at least I have this sweet walkie-talkie Robert Smith gave me."
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Cartman reaches over.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"No! That's my walkie-talkie, he gave it to me!"
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Dammit Cartman, don't you ever learn anything?!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,Stan turns left and walks to the door.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Come on, Stan, it's mine! I'll ro-sham-bo you for it!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,"Ike, seeing what Kyle had thrown in, reaches the trash can and jumps in."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,"Go to hell, Cartman!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,In front of the house.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"Well, that whole experience sure did suck."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Yeah. I'm sure glad that's over with.
Mecha-Streisand,Kyle,"But you know, I've learned something today. I've learned that people who want power, a lot of power, always... end up dead."
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Yeah.
Mecha-Streisand,Cartman,"Yeah, and I've learned something, too. Robert Smith kicks ass!"
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The steps of a giant are heard and the kids grow fearful] Oh no! She's back!
Mecha-Streisand,Stan,Oh my God! Look!
Mecha-Streisand,Scene Description,The camera reveals a giant Ike coming out from behind the house.
Mecha-Streisand,All three,AAAAA! MECHA IKE!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The bus stop. Kenny, Kyle, and Stan are waiting for the bus"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Dude! The bus will be here any minute, and Cartman didn't show up for school."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Yeah. This is like the third day in a row. I wonder what's wrong
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(Perhaps, he's just too big to get out of bed.)"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The three laugh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Yeah.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Maybe we should ditch school and go check on him.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The bus pulls up.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Ms. Crabtree,"Come on, we're running late!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"We're not getting on, you fat ugly bitch!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Ms. Crabtree,What did you say?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"I said: We're not getting on, you fat ugly bitch."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Ms. Crabtree,"Oh. Alright, then."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,She closes the door and drives away.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Whoa, dude."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,I always wondered if that would work.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The boys approach Cartman's house. Kyle rings the bell.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Hello, boys."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Hi. We were wondering why fat-ass [Mitt to mouth.] I mean, Cartman, hasn't been showing up for school."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Ooooh, he's just been feeling under the weather. Maybe you boys can cheer him up. He's in the backyard."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,In the backyard?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"In the backyard. A classical piece plays as the camera looks at the picnic table left over from Cartman's birthday. Cartman is at table surrounded by four dolls: he is hosting a tea party. Think Mr. Hat, then the Mad Hatter..."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Would you like some more tea, Polly Prissy Pants?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Polly,"Yes, Eric, I would like some tea. Thank you."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"You're very welcome, Polly Prissy Pants."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The boys pop up over some bushes and look at Cartman from a distance.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Would you like some tea, Clyde Frog?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Clyde,"Yes, please, Eric. Why are you so cool?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Oh. I don't know, Clyde Frog. I just am."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Polly,"You are so strong and smart, Eric. Everybody likes you."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Why, thank you, Polly Prissy Pants. How nice of you. [Sips.]"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"[Behind the bushes with the others.] Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(I think if we run, try to get Eric to drop his tea.)"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Come on! Let's go make fun of him!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"No, dude. This look really serious. I think we'd better get help."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Really?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Peter,"[Back at table.] We like ya, Eric. You are the coolest guy in the world. This is tremendous tea."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Why, thank you, Peter Panda. This is Distinctive Earl Grey."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Polly,Eric is the best!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Clyde,Hooray for Eric!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Peter,Eric kicks ass!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"At school, the Counselor's office. The boy who saw the counselor in December is back, but then, so is Kyle."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Mr. Mackey, something's really wrong with Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, well, there's a news flash!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Nono. We saw him having a tea party with his stuffed animals.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Yeah. He was doing their voices and pouring tea for them.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Mackey,"Oooh okay... Eric is obviously suffering from some kind of emotional distress, m'kay?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Woo-whataya mean?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Mackey,Have you boys noticed anything recently that troubled Eric?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,No.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Mackey,"Well-obviously something is bothering him. [looks left] Oh, of course!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Mr. Mackey walks over to a shelf.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Mackey,"My video camera! Boys, if you could videotape Eric's behavior, then I can study him psychologically and find out what's wrong, m'kay?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Is that legal?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, hell yes!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Back at Cartman's Tea Party.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"My goodness, that's a lovely dress you are wearing, Polly Prissy Pants."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Polly,"Oh, thank you, Eric. You are a perfect gentleman, and you are smart and true."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Peter,"Yes, Eric, you are strong and smart and true. Everybody likes you very much."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"That's niiice, Peter Panda."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle are back at the bushes with Mr. Mackey's camera.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Dude, this is going to be the funniest tape ever made."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,How much do you think Mr. Mackey needs?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"I donnow, just keep rolling."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"More tea, Rumpertumskin?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Rumpertumskin,"Yes, please, Eric. You are tough and handsome."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Thank you, Rumpertumskin. And what do you think about me, Clyde Frog?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Clyde,I think you're a big fat piece of crap.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman, confused of how to take that."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Eeeyy!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later that night. Cartman and his mom are dining when Mr. Kitty comes by."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kitty,Meow.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No, Kitty, this is my corned beef cabbage!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kitty,Meow.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No, Kitty, that's a bad kitty!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kitty,Hhhhhcck!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"How is your beefy roast, snookums?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Mom? Can I ask you a question?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Sure, hon."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"You know how my friend Stan, has... a dad?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,Uh huuuh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"And my friend Kyle has - a dad, and my friend Kenny has a dad?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,Yyeess??
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,They look at each other for a long time.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Well, what's your question, hon?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,God-dammit!! Do I have a dad?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,Oooooohh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I want to know where I came from.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Ooohh, hhmmm [Finger to lips.]. Wwell - yyou see, Eric, sometimes when a man and a woman are... attracted to each other, they want to be... close to each other."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Uh huuh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,And sometimes the man puts his who-who-dilly in the woman's cha-cha.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman and his mom look at each other, Kitty looks at them both."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,So who put his who-who-dilly in your cha-cha?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Eric, the day I met your father it was like - magic! It was a beautiful autumn night when the aspen trees were turning, at the Twelfth Annual Drunken Barn Dance."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A flashback sequence begins where a barn appears with a banner: 12th Annual Drunken Barn Dance. Cows are standing around while music and light emanate from inside the barn.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,I was young and naive then...
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Liane is seen downing a very tall flask of beer.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Man,"Man, I've never seen a woman drink that much-you're amazing, Ms. Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Oh, heck. I haven't even started yet. He-he. [The band ends its tune.] I baked cookiees; would anybody like one?! [She stands next to Barbrady.]"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Trainee Barbrady,"I wouldn't mind gettin' ahold of your cookies, Ms. Cartman!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"[Breathlessly.] Well, go right ahead, Officer Barbrady."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Trainee Barbrady,"[Takes a cookie and bites into it.] Mm, that's a good cookie! [The band resumes playing.]"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Come on everybody, let's do the Drunken Barn Dance!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"A duck falls from the ceiling and everybody takes their bottles of beer and toast the occasion. They drop their empty bottles, and Ned ends up falling where he stands."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"And then I saw him. He was the most beautiful, charming piece of ass I'd ever seen in South Park. His name... was Chief Running Water."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The crowd separates to reveal a handsome Indian entering the dance. A song begins.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Singing,"There you are, like a throbbing star. I want you to make love to me."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Ms. Cartman and the Chief focus in on each other, then walk to each other, then bump into each other. Ms. Cartman falls, then gets up, vomits, and starts dancing with the Chief."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"I don't recall exactly how the rest of the night went, but the next morning I was pregnant with you, my little blueberry muffin."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"So where is Chief Running Water-I mean, Dad, now?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,Oh I never saw him after that. Ah-I wasn't really that interested in him.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"[Weighs the story.] That isn't a very romantic story, Mom."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,I heard he still lives on the Ute reservation just outside of town.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Well. To think all this time I'm actually a Native American.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kitty,Meow.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No, Kitty, that's a bad kitty!!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Stan's house. Grandpa, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are watching TV."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Annoncer,"Coming this Sunday, [Music begins to play.] a major television event that will blow you away. Terrance. Phillip."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The title screen appears.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,"In the harrowing made-for-TV drama, Not Without My Anus, based on a true story."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Terrance,"Hey, Phillip. I have to go to Iraq and find my kidnapped daughter."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Phillip,"Then I'm going to go with you, Terrance."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"He farts. They both laugh, the music starts up again."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Annoncer,See Canada's hottest stars on the HBC movie of the week.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Wow, check it out, dude. We have to remember to tape Not Without My Anus next week!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Yeah, dude. It looks riveting."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Grandpa starts flipping channels.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Come on Grandpa. We wanna watch Terrance and Phillip.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Grandpa,"No, Billy. We're gonna watch the Bob Saget show."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Aaawww.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,[At the same time.] Hunh?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Annoncer,"And now, back to America's Stupidest Home Videos. Here is you host, Bob Saget!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Hey, I just flew into the studio."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He flaps his right arm like he actually flew in.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,Boy are my arms tired. Heheh. Heh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Grandpa laughs, but no one in the studio audience is."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Wha, Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? 'Cause he didn't have the guts."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Only he and Grandpa laugh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,Knock knock.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The audience stays silent.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,Bob.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Audience is silent.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,Bob Saget..
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"He chuckles to himself. As if on cue, the audience breaks into laughter and some members fall over. Grandpa falls over, too, and laughs his ass off for a minute or so."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,This guy sucks!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The bell rings and he goes to answer it.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Yeah. He's almost as bad as that guy on Full House.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Stan opens the door to find Cartman
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Cartman? What the hell are you doing dressed up like an Indian with a bear necklace?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"[Indian music plays.] Native American, Stan, and the bear is very important to my people."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"He's dressed in Indian clothes (including tassels), with a headband holding three feathers, and an eagle necklace, not a bear one."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,What??
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kyle and Kenny reach the door, look at Cartman, and crack up."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Hey! The white man has marred my people long enough! You keep your God-damned mouth shut!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The boys are quiet.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Stan, I need your bike in order to ride over to the reservation."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"What are you talking about, Cartman?!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"My name isn't Eric Cartman, it's Eric Running Water. Now, can I borrow your bike, or do I have to kick you in the nuts and steal it?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Go ahead, dude."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman turns left and leaves to get the bike. The other three return to the sofa to watch TV.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Man. Cartman's more screwed up than I thought.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Yeah. We'd better get this videotape over to Mr. Mackey, quick!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Just a free li'l reminder to all of you out there: send us your stupidest home videos. Grand prize for this month will be $10,000. [Chuckles.]"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Grandpa,Ten thousand dollars? Holy smokes.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Wow, I wish we had a stupidest home video."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"They realize that they do, then look at the videotape, and smile."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,UTE Native American Reservation.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,...And Bear cried to Eagle-
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Indian 1,"Running Water, there is some kid here to see you."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,What kid?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Indian 1,He claims to be your kid.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman squeezes his way into the campfire circle.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Hiya, Dad!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,Who the hell are you?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"I'm your son, Eric. My mom says you put your who-who-dilly in her cha-cha, at the Drunken Barn Dance."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,Your mother?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Liane Cartman.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,"Cartman? Hohoho. Oh boy, I was worried there for a second. [Suddenly serious.] Look, kid, I'm not your father."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,But my mom says you're the guy she was with.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,"Kid, I hate to break this to you, but your mother is what we Native Americans refer to as, 'Bear with Wiiide Canyon.'"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Whatooya mean?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,"She is, 'Doe who cannot keep legs together.'"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Huh??
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,Your mom's a slut.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The other Utes on either side of him nod in agreement.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Eeyy!!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,Don't feel too bad. Your mom was just too drunk to remember what happened. Let me tell you.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He flashes back to the 12th Annual Drunken Barn Dance.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,"We got tired of dancing, so we went off to find a private spot."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,There you are...
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,"I knew that she wanted me, because she kept saying romantic things."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Oh, Chief. I want your hot man chowder."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,"Whoa, Helloooh!!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,They start kissing. A man vomits and passes out.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,[Interrupting the action.] Wait. Wait.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"She looks towards the entrance, and the Chief rolls back."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,] Who is that?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Some funk plays as Chef makes his entrance and waves hello to everyone. She looks at Chef.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Singing,There you are like a throbbing star-
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Now these two focus in on each other.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,Chief... could you excuse me for a minute?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,Huh??
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Liane gets up and leaves.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,You gotta be kidding me.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,[Approaching Chef.] Why hello there. I don't think I've seen you around before. [Flirts with him gently.]
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,Nawh. I'm new in town.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Well, what's a nice, handsome, black [She looks at his crotch. He follows her gaze.] man like yourself doing in a pit like South Park?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,I'm gonna open up my own restaurant here.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Mmmm-my, how exciting. Would you care to... put your tongue in my mouth?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Daaamn, baby! You cut right to the chase, don't you?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Ahah, I'm plastered! [Tongues come out and they start kissing.]"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Alone with the Chief] His tongue? Chef?? Chef is my dad??
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chief Running Water,He's the last person I saw with your mom that night.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Oh my God! I'm a black African American!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Back in town, the following day. Kenny is trying to start a go-cart."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Come on, Kenny, get the go-cart going. I wanna ride it."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Did you send the videotape to America's Stupidest Home Videos?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Yeah. I mailed it last night. What sucks is that now I'll have to actually watch that Bob Saget guy to find out if we won.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"If we win, we can buy a new go-cart that actually runs."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,[With the right hand cupped to the side of his mouth.] Shhh! Here comes Cartman.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"[With rap beats playing now.] 'S up, homies?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He's dressed in a red jogging suit and white sneakers. He has a large clock hanging off his necklace and sports a high flat-top. On his right hand are some brass knuckles with the work 'PIE' grafted to them.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Cartman?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I was just down in the SPC kickin' it with some G's on the Westsa-eed-eh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"You live on the Eastside, Cartman!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Dude, I thought you said you were Native American."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Aloofly.] Weh hunh hrhrh hrh huh-right! Like I'm some hippie Indian.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle just look at him.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,You know what I'm sayin' G? Check you later-I'm gonna go chill with mide-my dad.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He starts to moonwalk away to the sound of scratchin'.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Dude. We should be videotaping this. We could make another $10,000."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kenny finally gets the go-cart going, but is yanked behind it. It won't let him go, and a variation on Mission Impossible begins to play."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Guuyys! Could you please make it stoopp?!!)
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,"Stan, Kyle","Hold on, Kenny!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Oof. Oh this Goddamned freakin'-
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He hits a bump on the road.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(AARGH.)
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The go-cart returns and goes into the snow.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(Goddamn, why-)"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"He goes into a tight grove of trees, then exits."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Oh this freakin'-)
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He hits a boulder.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(AARGH.)
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The go-cart lands upside down on some tracks. Kenny gets up and dusts himself off.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Phew.)
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The guys look at him and he waves to them.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(Well, I'm fine, guys!)"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,They smile and wave back.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kenny,(Now if I can-)
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"A train strike him and the go-cart, obliterating both."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,You bastards!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Chef's house. Cartman arrives.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,Hello?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Yo, Pops!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"[Studying...] Boy, what the fudge are you doin'?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"You know, jus'... layin' down some rhymes for G-folk, you know what I'm sayin'?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,Get in here! [Drags him in.]
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Westsa-eed-eh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Now in the living room with Cartman.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,Take that wig off! [Does it himself.] What's gotten into you?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"You're my dad, Chef. Chief Running Water said - you got together with my mom at the Drunken Barn Dance."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"What?! Noh! Uh, did I?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,He said you kissed her with your tongue.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Ooooh-ho-ho-hoh hohohohoh, that's different. Women don't get pregnant from tongue-kissing, children."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Dejected.] Huho. So you're not my dad?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Of course not. Here. You children sit down,"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Chef props him up on a stool.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"...and let me explain somethin' to you about where babies come from. THEN, you'll see why I can't be your dad. When a man loves a woman, and a woman loves a man, Actually, sometimes a man doesn't love a woman, buut...he acts like he does, in order to get some action, heheh The magic starts to happen, and the two take off their clothes, that's right, And they caress and touch each other, until the part of the man grows, Oooooooooo And they roll around and now things a-really startuh getting hot, And the man says ""I love you"" and the woman says ""hold on a second, I gotta go to the bathroom"" So you wait, and you wait, and you wait and you wait... [Pause.] ...and you wait, and you wait, and you waaaaiit And you wait and you're coolin' down and she's still goin' to the bathroom Finally she comes back, and she says, ""Baby, I'm gettin' hot!"" And that's when you gotta jam her butt and pump her full of..."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,What?! Who the hell did that to my mom at the Drunken Barn Dance?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Oh, children, that was a long time ago. But I'll tell you what I remember."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Back at the Drunken Barn Dance. Chef is kissing Liane on the hay stack.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Whoa, Chef! [He pulls away a bit.] You're so strong!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Hey, everybody, look who's here! The AFC Champion Denver Broncos!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The barn door opens and the Broncos pour in. Most of them are ""hutt-hutting""."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bronco 1,Are we late for the party?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bronco 2,What the hell town is this?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Singing,"There you are, like a throbbing star. I want-"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Oooohh, Chef! Woooo, Chef!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Damn, woman, what's gotten into you?!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,Woooh! Whooppee!! [She throws her arms out in ecstasy.] Unhh!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A hand appears from under the hay. Chef grabs it and pulls the rest of the body up.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,Garrison! What the hell are you doing?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"You're drunk, Mr. Hat!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison is rather pleased that he did quite a bit without getting caught. Liane now looks at Mr. Garrison.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Singing,There you are-
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Ooooh, man! I'm outta here!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Come on, Chef! Haven't you ever heard of a menage o'three?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,Yeah! When two women are involved. [Moves away.]
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Damn, Damn, Damn!! Oh well, I guess it'll just have to be you and me, Ms. Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He moves quickly on top of her and starts kissing her.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Chef,And that's... who she was with last! Mr. Garrison!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No! Noooooo! No, God, Nooo!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Stan's house that afternoon. He, Kyle, and Grandpa are once again looking at TV"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,"And now, back to America's Stupidest Home Videos-"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,Here's a video sent to us that shows a very disturbed little boy.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Why, thank you Polly Prissy Pants. You are my best friend."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The audience is watching.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Polly,"I think you are one of the coolest people in the world, Eric. And you are not fat at all."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The audience starts to laugh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Really? You don't think so?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Clyde,"Naw, you're not fat."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"[Grabs a teacup.] Gee, that's kewl."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The audience is laughing harder. Stan and Kyle are laughing with the audience, and Stan's parents appear."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Sharon,"Aww, Stanley. We just heard the news that your little friend Kenny was killed by a train this morning."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Huh? [Looks up at them.] Oh yeah.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Randy,"Is there-uh anything we can do for you, son?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,How 'bout some ice cream?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Yeah, with butterscotch."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Stan nods in agreement.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Sharon,"You bet, you poor dears."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Now, the moment you've all been waiting for, when one of our lucky videos qualifies for the $10,000 Grand Prize to be chosen tomorrow night! The winner is [Drumroll crescendo.] Little Boy's Tea Party."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Woohoo!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oh, yeah! We're gonna be in the finals!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"We're gonna win $10,000! [Grandpa doesn't look pleased...]"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Man! Cartman's gonna be famous! [Kyle dances gleefully.]
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The Bar. Mr. McCormick and Mr. Garrison are at the bar.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I guess we should go, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat,"Oh, just one more Cosmopolitan, Mr. Garrison."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Hat, you need to admit you have a drinking problem! [To the barkeep.] Another Cosmo, please."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman barges in throwing the bar doors open.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"All this time! Why didn't you tell me, father?!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"What the hell are you talking about, Eric?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,It was you all along. You were with my mother the night of the Drunken Barn Dance!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,[Gasps.] Oh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,Garrison? That's impossible. He's gay.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,I am not gay!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Then you did sleep with my mom?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,No!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,He's gay!!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, Okay! I admit it! I might have made love to your mother at the Drunken Barn Dance! But who here didn't?!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Everything stops and gasps are heard.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Now come on, honestly. Who here has never had sex with Mrs. Cartman?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Two men at a table look around and get shocked. Principal Victoria and Mayor McDaniels are seen next.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Principal Victoria,Oooooh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[At the same time] Hmmm.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Jesus and Father Maxi look shocked as well. No one moves.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Grizzled Man,I haven't.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"...You don't count, Halfy-you don't have any legs!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Halfy,Oh. Yeah.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"So you see, Eric, anyone here could be your father. I'm afraid you're never going to know."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman slumps and Jimbo takes pity on him.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"[Approaching him.] Don't feel too bad there, kid. I never knew who my father was either. I mean, I did know who he was and well, we had some great times together in huntin' and fishin' whe-well, hell, you know what I mean."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"A dirge plays as Cartman heads out of the bar. Jimbo and Mr. Garrison look on, as do Jesus and Father Maxi."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Wait, wait. [Cartman stops.] I know a way to find out."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"He is at the bar with his little friend, Kevin."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Turns around.] How?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"At my laboratory. We can do DNA genetic testing. I'll take some of your blood along with the blood of everyone here, and we can determine who your father is."
