Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,our people always win.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,on that show.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,All now dance in place
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Hoh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,Keep spinning: learn
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Courtney Cox,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,to make it spin.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,to make the dreidel spin
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,I love you.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,"It fell,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,You'll know
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,You're so hot
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,our people always win.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,on that show.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"The others stop singing, but continue dancing"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Courtney Cox, I love you. [Kyle stops and stares at Gerald] You're so hot [Sheila stops, then Stan] on that show."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,Dad? [Cartman stops]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Courtney Cox,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,Dad.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,I-  huh? [stops singing]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,We're singing about a dreidel.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"[stops dancing] ...Oh, sorry."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,"We'll talk about this later, Gerald!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"together, alternate with Cartman, resume song and dance. Kyle is up front. Left: Cartman, Ike, and Gerald. Right: Stan and Sheila"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Oh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,Now when you learn
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Courtney Cox,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,to make it spin.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,to make the dreidel spin
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,I love you.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Front: Sheila. Left: Stan and Kyle. Right: Cartman, Ike, and Gerald"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,"It fell,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,You'll know
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,You're so hot
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Front: Cartman. Left: Ike and Gerald. Right: Kyle and Sheila. Center: Stan
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,our people always win.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,on that show.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Front: Gerald. Left: Stan and Sheila. Right: Cartman, Ike, and Kyle."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Hoh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,Keep spinning: learn
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Courtney Cox,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Front: Stan. Left: Cartman and Gerald. Right: Ike, Kyle, and Sheila"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,to make it spin.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,to make the dreidel spin
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,I love you.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Front: Ike. Left: Kyle and Stan. Right: Gerald and Cartman. Center: Sheila
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,"It fell,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,You'll know
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,You're so hot
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,big finish. Kyle steps forward. Left: Stan and Sheila. Right: Cartman and Gerald. On the sofa back: Ike. Some more dancing ensues
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,our people- know our people always win.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,on that show.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Ike releases the dreidel, which spins successfully. The camera zooms in, only to see it fall."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Back at the armchair...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Woohoo! Golly, that sure was fun. But now, for our next song, hold on to your bootstraps, 'cause we're gonna descend down into Hell!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Hell. Flames abound here, but an ashen plain is seen with a little campfire on it. Hitler, shown in shades of gray, is on his knees in front of the fire, crying. Before him is a tree stand, but there's no tree in it."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Adolf,"O Tannenbaum, O Tannenbaum, wie treu sind deine Blätter. O Tannenbaum, O Tannenbaum, [little Hitler is lifted up to put a star atop the Christmas tree] wie treu sind deine Blätter. De grünst nicht nur zur Sommerzeit, [little Hitler beans a Jewish boy down with a snowball] Nein, auch im Winter, wenn es schneit. [Little Hitler looks at trees, and has visions of marching soldiers. He salutes.] O Tannenbaum, O Tannenbaum, wie treu sind deine Blätter. [live Nazi footage is superimposed on the fire. Hitler breaks down]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"[walks up] Hey, Hitler. [turns to face him] What's the matter, little guy?"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Adolf,"Oh, oh Satan, der tannenbaum, wie treu sind deine Blätter."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"Awww, you don't have a Christmas tree?"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Adolf,"…nur zur Sommerzeit, nein, auch im Winter, wenn es schneit."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"[the damned appear around him] Well, I tell you what: Maybe we'll have ourselves a little Christmas, right here! Come on, everyone, gather 'round! String up the lights and light up the tree. We're gonna make some revelry! Spirits are high, so I can tell, [two of the damned stand up and dance] It's Christmastime in Hell. Demons are nicer as you pass them by. [passes them in front of Azrael's Toys] There's lots of demon toys to buy. The snow is falling, and all is well. [a volcano behind the store erupts] It's"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Demons,Christmastime in Hell!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"There goes Jeffrey Dahmer with a festive Christmas ham. [Dahmer walks out of a meat store and into the house next door] After he has sex with it, he'll eat up all he can. And there goes John F. Kennedy, caroling with his son. [they stop by to sing with him]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With the Kennedys,"Reunited for the holidays, God bless us, everyone!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With the Damned,Everybody has a happy glow!Let's dance in blood and pretend it's snow.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,Even Mao Tse Tung is under the spell [Mao is making a snow angel]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Choir,It's Christmastime in Hell!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"Adolf, here's a present for you! [hands him a present]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Adolf,"Oh? [opens the gift, it's the Christmas tree he wanted] Ein tannenbaum! [hugs it]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"Yes, ein tannenbaum."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Females,Aaa-aaa!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,"God cast me down from heaven's door [hops into a mining car and moves. Two demons man the front car] To rule in Hell forevermore. But now I'm kinda glad that I fell,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Choir,'Cause it's Christmastime in Hell!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Males,Here's a rack to hang the stockings on [...the type of rack with a man stretched out on it]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Females,We still have to shop for Genghis Khan [seen]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,Michael Landon's hair looks swell.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Choir,It's Christmastime in Hell!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,There's Princess Diana holding burning mistletoe Over poor Gene Siskel's head; just watch his weenie grow. [She does hold the mistletoe; Gene goes down on her]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Choir,"For one day we all stop burning, and the flames are not so thick. [a demon turns down the flames] All the screaming and the torture stops as we wait for Ol' Saint Nick! So, [Satan sets some cookies on a small table; a demon brings him an armchair] String up the lights and light up the tree. [with him are Mao, Gene, Diana, JFK Sr. and Jr., and Dahmer] We're damned for all eternity. But for just one day all is well. It's Christmastime in Hell!!!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,Gather close together and make it quick! We gotta make room for Andy Dick.[shows the picture]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Choir,"[slowing, takes away the set] Wake his mother and ring the bell. It's... [three demons dress Satan in a green cape and Santa cap]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan and Males,"[normal, on an altar] Christmastime..."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Females,Christmastime... [demons carry Christmas ornaments]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Males,Christmastime... [other fly up with angel wings]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Females,Christmastime... [others dance around a burning tree]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan and Males,Christmastime... [Satan on the stage. In front of him...]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Females,Christmastime... [one demon flies up and left]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Males,It's Christmastime... [one flies up and right]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Females,Christmastime... [one flies straight up]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,All,It's Christ-mas-time in Hell!!!![the damned form circles around two trees. Demons hover around Satan]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Bailey,"[walking by] Merry Christmas, movie house!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Satan,Brrrrrrroom! [Demons fly away]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,The anchorman reappears
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Anchor,"Fighting the frizzies, at 11."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Star Wars lettering: ""Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"""
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kids,Howdy-ho!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Mr. Mackey's house. He really decorated for the holidays. He comes out dressed as a bell
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Alone,"Uh. Hark, hear the bells, sweet silver bells. All seem to say, ""Ding-dong, m'kay."""
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,a floating Mackey head appears to the upper right
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center,"Christmas is here, bringing good cheerTo young and old, meek and the bold"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Right,Ding DongDing Dong
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,a second Mackey head appears on the lower left
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center,"Ding dong ding-dong, that is their songWith joyful ring, all caroling"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Left,Ding DongDing Dong
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Right,Ding DongDing M'kay
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,three Mackeys appear in split-screen
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,All,One seems to hear words of good cheerFrom everywhere filling the air.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"a fourth Mackey, playing Scrabble, joins the other three, but sings his own part"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Centers and Right,"O, how they pound raising their soundO, here and there telling their tale"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Left,"O, wailTelling their tale (daily now)"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"all four, dressed as bells, are in front of the house"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,All,Gaily they ring while people sing Songs of good cheer. Christmas is here.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,the four Mackeys are now small bells on a Christmas tree.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center 1,Merry Merry Merry Merry ChristmasMerry Merry Merry Merry Christmas
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center 2,"Ding dong ding-dong, that is their songWith joyful ring, all caroling"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Right,Ding DongDing Dong ding-
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Left,Ding- Can you hear them?Ding- Can you hear them?
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"the four appear normal in front of the house, then at the Scrabble table"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Left,"On, on they send, on without end,Their joyful tone to every home"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Right,Ding DongDi-ing m'kay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Centers,Ding DongDi-ing!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,one Mackey bell is alone in front of the house
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center,"Hark, hear the bells, sweet silver bells.All seem to say, ""Ding-dong, m'kay."""
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Right,Dong_______________________
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Left,Dong_________________m'kay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"all four Mackey bells appear, then Mr. Mackey is alone"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Left,"On, on they send, on without end,Their joyful tone to every home"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Right,M'kay M'kay___________
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center,M'kay_________________
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"the small Mackey bells appear one by one on the tree, then the four appear in front of the house"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,All,"ing dong ding-dong, m'kay___"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,one Mackey bell remains
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Center,M'kay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Back at the armchair...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Well, that was a nice little song, wasn't it? But let's not forget that for some people Christmas is about the birth of Jesus. So now, here's a more serious Christmas song, sung by Eric Cartman."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,The town of Bethlehem. Cartman is superimposed on it. He's in formal wear.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,"And... O Holy Night, the stars are brightly shi-ning [The Star of the Nativity appears, then the Three Wise Men] It is the night of our dear Savior's b-b-b-birth [The Nativity and Cartman are seen in the background, Formal Cartman vanishes] O Holy Night, the- something, something, dis-- aah. [Formal Cartman before a starry sky] It is the night with the Christmas trees and pie. [Present-day Cartman finishes decorating the tree, helps himself to a pie] Jesus was born, and so I get presents. [Little Drummer Cartman stands before the manger scene, Present-day Cartman is seen tearing into his gifts back at home.] Thank you, Jesus, for being born. (Wo-o-o-o-o) [back at the manger, Little Drummer Cartman turns to look at Baby Jesus.] Fall (Fall) [four angels appear behind Formal Cartman] On your knees (On your knees) [Cartman falls on his knees] And hear (Can't you hear) The angels'.. something (Voices) O night (O night) [Present-day Cartman tosses in bed, which is covered in candy canes] Divine (Divine) [Formal Cartman] The night When I get presents (O-o) [at the manger, Little Drummer Cartman takes the gifts meant for Jesus] O night (O o-night) [loads them up on his camel, with other presents] Di-viiine! [Present-day Cartman rips into more presents at home] [Formal Cartman] O night (Ooo-ooo) O night, di-vine! [Little Drummer Cartman leads the gift-laden camels away] Oh. Ah. Ch."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Back at the armchair..
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Well, oh boy, that was a super song! And now, let's hear from the school teacher, Mr. Garrison."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. Class is in session. Mr. Garrison has drawn a world map on the board.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's take our seats. Today we're going to learn how different cultures around the world celebrate the holiday season."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Class,[flatly] Awww.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kenny,(What?!)
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Garrison,"Now, pay attention. Ahem... I heard there is no Christmas in the silly Middle East [points it out] No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus; They have different religious beliefs They believe in Muhammad, and not in our holiday.[shows some Arabic writing] And so, every December I go to the Middle East and say, [tosses the picture away] [In the Middle East] Hey there, Mr. Muslim, Merry Fuckin' Christmas! Put down that book, the Koran, and hear some holiday wishes [rips the Koran out of the Muslim's hand and dresses him up as a tree] In case you haven't noticed, it's Jesus' birthday [removes the veils of two women] So get off your heathen Muslim ass and fuckin' celebrate. [sticks a candy cane in the man's house] There is no holiday season in India, I've heard. [pulls down a chart showing India's demerits.] They don't hang up their stockings, and that is just absurd. [Stan and Kyle look at each other and shrug] They've never read a Christmas story, they don't know what Rudolph is about.[holds up a book: ""The Night Before Christmas""] And that is why in December I'll go to India and shout, [In India, next to a swami sitting on a bed of nails] Hey there, Mr. Hinduist, Merry Fuckin' Christmas! Drink eggnog and eat some beef, and pass it to the Missus. [gives beef to one man, pours eggnog on another] In case you haven't noticed, it's Jesus' birthday. [wraps a few people in Christmas lights] So get off your heathen Hindu ass and fuckin' celebrate. [passes out wreaths] Now, I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin. They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin. On December 25th all they do is eat a cake. And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and say, Hey there, Mr. Shintoist!, Merry Fuckin' Christmas! God is gonna kick your ass, you infidelic pagan scum. In case you haven't noticed, there's festive things to do. [throws some straw on the musicians] So let's all rejoice for Jesus, and Merry Fuckin' Christmas to you. [knocks down the Shintoist and dumps gifts on him, and wraps others in lights] [dressed as Santa, dances around the class] On Christmas Day, I travel 'round the world and say, ""Taoists, Krishnas, Buddhists, and all you atheists, too! Merry Fuckin' Christmas to you."" [Mr. Hat claps] Uh, thank you, Mr. Hat."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,The anchorman reappears
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Anchor,"Frizzies, at 11."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Star Wars lettering: ""Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"""
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kids,Howdy-ho!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"A happy Shelly Marsh plays piano, but..."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Shelly,"I saw three ships come sailing in On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day I saw three ships come sailing in [Stan sticks out his tongue and wiggles his hands on his ears] On Christmas Day, in the morning. [Kyle pulls the ends of his lips apart and goes cock-eyed] And what was in those ships, all three? [Stan starts to slurp on his fingers, then the boys chuckle] On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day And what- [turns and points at them] Shut up, turds! [silence] -was in those ships all three On Christmas Day, in the morning? The Virgin Mary and Christ were there [Stan mimics Shelly with exaggerated expression, Kyle stifles a laugh] On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day [Kyle cracks up] The Virgin Mary and- Shut up, TUUUURDS! [The boys cover their mouths. Kyle stifles his laughing] -Christ were there On Christmas Day, in the morning. Let us all rejoice, amain, [Stan pulls his cap over his face, Kyle flaps his ear flaps] On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day [the boys burst out laughing] And let- [walks to the boys] I told you to shut up! [Stan stifles his laugh] [back at the piano] -us all rejoice, amain, On Christmas Day, in the morning. [the boys make faces again] Shelly is starting to get pissed [the boys begin to chuckle] On Christmas Day, on Christmas Day [the chuckle get louder] Shelly got up and killed the turds [the laughs roll out] On Christmas Day, in the MORNING! [picks up the piano...]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,AAAA! [...and slams it down on the boys. She walks away.]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Back at the armchair...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Golly, that sure was swell. I'd say my Christmas special is going super-fantastic. Well, now it's time to hear from perhaps the two most important people of the whole season."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,McKemick's Night Club. Tonight: Jesus and Saint Nick. A man goes towards the club.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Emcee,"Hello, everyone, and welcome to McKemick's. Now, please put your hands together and welcome... Saint Nicholas and Jesus Christ. [Jesus and Santa enter on stage, and the audience claps]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"Hello, everybody!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,[waves] How are y'all doing tonight?
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"You know, Jesus, there've been so many songs written about us over the years."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"That's right, Santa, and we love each and every one of them. Like this one. Joy to the world, for I have come. Let earth receive Me! Let every heart prepare Me room. [gets some applause]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,And heaven and nature sing...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,And heaven and nature sing...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,And heaven and nature sing...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,And heaven and na-
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,And heaven and heaven and nature sing.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"You know, Jesus, that is a nice song, but I like... this one: Up on the housetop reindeer pause Out jumps good old... me. [get some applause] Down through the chimney with lots of toys All for the little ones' Christmas joys"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,[sway together] Ho ho ho! Who wouldn't go? Ho ho ho! Who wouldn't go?
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"Up on the housetop, click click click.Down through the chimney with good old... me."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"He he hoo, get away! [pushes him away]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,Go away??
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,Get away.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,Where away?
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"[gets some applause] Away in the manger, no crib for My bed That's where cute little old Me lay down My sweet head. The stars in the sky (Santa: Ooooo)"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,Looked down where I lay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,Cute little eight-pound me (Santa: Oo-oo)
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,asleep in (Santa: on) the hay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"[gets some applause and sings upbeat] O come, all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant O come ye to Bethlehem to see-ee Me..."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"Here's one, Jol-"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"Hark, the herald angels sing, Glory-"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"Hey, it's my turn."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"-to Me!Silent Night,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,Uh.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,Holy Night
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,Santa Cl- em
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"All is calm, all is brightRound yon Virgin, Mother and Me."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,Saint Nicholas... can't think of one.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"Holy Me, so tender and mild. Sleep in heavenly peace. [slowing] Sleep in heavenly peace."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"Okay, Jesus. Here's one you might remember: Her name is Rio and she dances on the sand Just like that river twistin' through the dusty land."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"Uh. Santa, Santa, Santa, that's not a Christmas song, bud. Ah... that's-"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"I know, but there's, like, three-hundred Jesus Christmas songs and only four fucking Santa ones! It's not fair! Just do it yourself! I'm leaving. [walks off the stage]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"Aw, come on, Santa. You can't leave."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"Aw, fuck you, Jesus!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,But Santa... The weather outside is frightful
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,[offscreen] Aw.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,But the fire so delightful
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"[returns to the stage] Well, since I've no place to go."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,"Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. [more applause]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,It doesn't show signs of stoppin'.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,But I brought some corn for poopity-poppin'.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"The lights are turned way down low, so Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. [Santa: Snow... snow... snow.]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,"The fire is slowly dyin',"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"And, my dear, we're still good-bop-be-byein',"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,"But as long as you love me so,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Both,"[they dance and hold hands, then Jesus twirls him. Santa spins off the stage]Let it snow, let it snow,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Jesus,let it snow!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Santa,"[slides back on stage on his knees] Her name is Rio and she dances on the sand! [the club claps enthusiastically. The pianist winks at the duo and points at them. Jesus points back, and Santa holds up a thumb]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,The anchorman reappears
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Anchor,"Fighting frizzies, at 11."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Star Wars lettering: ""Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics"""
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kids,Howdy-ho!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,A toilet bowl. Mr. Hankey is floating on the water there.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Well, I guess that's about the end of my Christmas album. Gosh! It was sure nice hangin' out with y'all again. Well, I guess if there's just... one thing I have left to say, it would be this: Have yourself a merry little Christmas May your heart be light From now on, our troubles will be out of sight. Have yourself a merry little Christmas Make the Yuletide gay. [hops out of the bowl] From now on, our troubles will be miles away. [hops onto a ham as a family of four looks on happily, leaves his mark,then hops onto his armchair]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With boys,"[In the next scene Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny join him. Clips of Wendy, Sheila, the Mayor, Ms. Crabtree, and Liane follow.] Here we are as in olden days, Happy golden days, of yore. [The females join Stan and Kyle: Wendy, Shelly, Sheila, Liane, Mrs. McCormick, Nurse Gollum, Principal Victoria, the Mayor, Sharon, and Ms. Crabtree.] Faithful friends who are dear to us [Cartman strokes Mr. Kitty. Stan and Kyle decorate the chandelier] Gather near to us once more. [Mr. Hankey hops onto Santa's shoulder as Jesus looks on]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,The Boys,"Through the years we all will be together [the boys embrace shoulders and stand united] If the Fates allow. [the chandelier drops on Kenny and the others back away, shocked]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Hang a shining star upon the highest bough. [Kyle lifts Mr. Hankey up to do this. Sharon hugs and kisses Stan, JFK and Hitler approach the fireplace and embrace]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,With Boys,"And have yourself a merry little Christmas now.  [Some of the characters in the other songs come in and smile: Sheila, Gerald, Ike, Mr. Mackey in a bell, Satan, Jimmy the mailman, Jesus, Santa, Hitler, Mr. Garrison in Santa outfit, and Shelly. Kyle climbs down from the ladder with Mr. Hankey in hand and stands with Stan and Cartman, and rats rush in to chew on Kenny.]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,"[takes Mr. Hankey from Kyle] Time to go, Mr. Hankey."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Goodbye, everybody, [Cartman flushes him down] and Meeeeerry Christmas! [Stan and Kyle join Cartman to see Mr. Hankey be flushed away.]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"[into the toilet bowl] Bye, Mr. Hankey. See you next year."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,The camera zooms back from a pink house not seen before.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,The anchorman reappears
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Anchor,"And now, fighting the frizzies. [begins to box what looks like a frizzy monster.]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"""Dreidel, Dreidel, Dreidel"" plays as the anchor and the frizzy monster continue to box and the credits roll."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Anchor,Come on! Kick my ass! [he and the monster continue boxing]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"South Park, Main Street, day. Kyle, Stan, and Kenny walk towards Tom's Rhinoplasty. Some adults walk by them as a station wagon rolls by. On the buildings are posters of Father Time and Baby New Year."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Dude, what are we gonna do for New Year's Eve? It has to be awesome."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,I know. It's probably gonna be the biggest night of our lives!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,[runs up] You guys! You guys! [pants] Guess what?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"What, fatass?!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"I've become a man! I started puberty, you guys! [grins]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(...What?)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,No you didn't!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,Yes! I really did.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,How do you know?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Well, because yesterday I got my period. [lets the words hang there for a moment]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,You got your what?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"My period, you guys. You see, there comes a time in every child's life when they grow up and nature takes its course by having you bleed out your ass for a few days every month."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"You're making that up! [a woman steps out of a small building, and he addresses her] Miss Aliton, what's it mean to get a period?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Miss Aliton,"Well boys, ah-I don't think I can tell you. Ah-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Please, it's important."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Miss Aliton,"Well, it's when puberty hits and you bleed, you know, down there. [points to the region]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Holy shit, dude! Cartman's right! [Miss Aliton turns and walks away. The boys turn to face Cartman]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Well guys, I'm afraid I won't be able to hang out with you on New Year's Eve. I have to hang out with the older crowd because now, I'm ma-ture. [begins to dance away backwards] I got my period, and you guys didn't. I got my period, and you guys didn't. [skips out of view]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Dude, Cartman can't hit puberty before us."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Well, maybe we'll get ours soon, too. I'm gonna go and see if I'm bleeding out my ass."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Me too.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,TV 4 News Flash
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Anchor Tom,"In local news, a stomach virus is going around that is causing bleeding of the colon in some small children. Doctors are telling parents that the virus is nothing to worry about and that the infections can be dealt with simple antibiotics. [turns to face another camera, and a new picture, ""New Year's Eve 1999"" appears] Well, it's just four days until New Year's Eve, 1999. The new millennium is almost upon us, and all over the world people have started to celebrate by dancing, singing, and killing one another. [In New York, amid burning buildings, one man beats another man over the head with a bat. In Paris, people drop down from on high, and in Beijing people torch each other] But probably the biggest event of the millennium is one happening in South Park, Colorado, where people have gathered for a chance to see Jesus Christ. Craig Netzel is standing by."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,Reporter Craig Netzel in South Park. Television cameras are everywhere
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"Thanks, Tom. It is indeed four days until the new millennium, and hundreds if not thousands of people have come from all over the world seeking Jesus, here at his house in South Park. [the camera begins to pan to the right. A man with two kids next to him sit in chairs. Skeeter and his friends are there, too] Everyone is giddy with anticipation for Jesus to come out, because as we all know, if Jesus comes out of his house and is not scared by his shadow, it means the next thousand years will be full of peace and love. [the front door opens] Oh, it looks like Jesus might be coming out! [turns to face the house. Jesus peeks out from it]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,"[picks up her son and points Jesus out] Oh look, Tommy. There he is. Can you see him?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Boy,"He's neat, Mommy. [cameras go off as the crowd stands behind some ""Jesus line. Do not cross"" lines. Jesus drops back into his house, then peeks out again]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"[softly] Everyone is quiet here, Tom. Looks like the little fellow's a bit nervous. [Jesus moves forward] But he has taken another step out, Tom! This is great new for us!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Uh-mmm, um what are you people doing? [people lower their cameras, puzzled] Can I help you with something? [no one moves]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"...Well, it's... the millennium, Jesus."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Uuh-huh?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"Well, it's ""The Millennium""."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 1,Yeah.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 2,Yeah.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 3,Yeah.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cameraman,Right.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"So, what happens at the millennium?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,...I don't know.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,We thought you did.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus","""Y2K"" Man","Yeah, you're supposed to know!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 4,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 5,"Yeah, you're Jesus."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 6,Hey!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 5,You're the one in control.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Oh. Well. Yea. Believe in me and ye shall find peace.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Yeah yeah yeah, we've heard that crap for about 2000 years now! We wanna hear somethin' new! It's the year 2000, for Christ's sake!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, what do ya want?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Fr. Maxi,We want to see God!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Randy,"Yeah, with our own eyes."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,We followed blindly for thousands of years and we think the least God can do is show up for New Year's Eve 1999!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,That's right!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Oh. Uuuh, let me think about that for a minute. [backs up and closes the door. The people in the crowd are left to talk amongst themselves]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man With Picket Sign,[to man to his left] Is that good?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 7,I don't know.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 8,I don't know. Is that good or not?!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room. The phone rings and Stan goes to answer it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Hello?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Dude, did you get your period yet?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No, there's no blood coming out of my ass."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Mine neither. But I double-checked, and Cartman was right. Your period is the start of puberty."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Well, if Cartman is the only one who get it and he thinks he's too grown-up to hang out with us on New Year's Eve, then screw him anyways."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Yeah.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The McCormick shack, the restroom. Kenny reads from the South Park Enquirer on the pot. A stool drops into the toilet, and Kenny gets up to check it out"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,[seeing the red streak] (Woohoo! [jumps for joy] Woohoooo!)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Al's Pharmacy. Inside, the boys check out various tampons. Cartman looks over a box of Breeze tampons"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Come on, Cartman, we have to make plans for New Year's."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Hold your horses, guys. This is very important for mature people. [drops the Breeze and picks up the Plug-Ups. Softly] Let's see. Offers complete protection during heavy flow, hm. [swaps the Plug-Ups for the Cotton Cork] Lessee, might slow stoppage of vaginal chunks, eh. [swaps the Cotton Cork for the Beaver Dam] Oh, this one's got wings, you guys!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"[rushes in] (You guys! You guys, I did it! I got my very own period!)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,[pleased] You did?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"You got your period too, Kenny?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"(Yeah, it was awesome! I was just sitting down and then I got my period!)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Well welcome to the club, Kenny. You got your period, so now you're a man. We can hang out together on New Year's Eve. [Stan shrugs, but looks worried] But first you need to buy some Maxi pads to stuff in the back of your pants so you don't get blood on your underwear."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,[exults] (Woo-hoo!)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Jesus' house. The crowd awaits his decision. Inside, Jesus paces the floor"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"[from the TV] Tom, it looked for a second as if Jesus was going to come out of his house, but then he went back inside. But meanwhile, more and more people are showing up to show their support for Jesus. [a man holds up a sign saying: ""It's the end of the MILLENIUM. Please don't kill us JESUS"". Jesus looks in wonder]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rancher,"[holding a Bible] Well, the way I see it, if he really is who he says he is, well then he'd better do somethin' on New Year's Eve, 'cause it's in the Bible!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[sighs heavily] Father, I need to talk to you. Please, Father, appear to me. [a flash of light and swirling clouds follow as Jesus comes forward to meet his father]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"[voice-over] What is it, my child?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Father, everyone is starting to pay attention to me again because of the new millennium. Huh-I'm kinda making a comeback!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Yea, like John Travolta before you. You are experiencing a second revival."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"It's the millennium, Father. People want to see you."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Nay, their eyes are not yet prepared to see the likes of me."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"But dad, I think this may be my one big shot at a comeback."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Be ye careful of pride, Jesus."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Just make an appearance. You can come down, say 'hi' to a few people and can be back by 12:30."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"I'm sorry, my son, but if you want to earn everyone's love, you will have to do it yourself."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, living room, day. Ike is playing with a set of blocks. Kyle approaches him."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Ike, can I talk to you? [sits down next to Ike]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,"Uh ar, stufid."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Ike, I don't know what to do. All the guys are getting their periods, and I don't think I am. I can't be the last one to get it. I just can't!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,Whoa won toooo-reeee.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Cartman got his, then Kenny. What if tomorrow Stan says he got his and I'm left out? I might not even get to be their friend anymore."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,No. Martur sucker. Moghee. Muckeh m'gwoss. Tabyudog.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Yeah! I could just say I got my period! It's not like they'll check. I can just say I got my period, 'cause I really will get it someday! It's not really lying, it's just jumping the gun a little."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ike,Cokeh mocker.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[stands and moves out] Thanks a lot, Ike!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Stan, Kenny and Cartman are hanging out there."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,So you guys aren't gonna spend New Year's Eve with us?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Look, Kenny and I are mature now. We can't spend New Year's Eve with a couple of kids. Did you get your Maxi pads, Kenny?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(No. All I could get was a couple of tampons.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,Tampon? What's a tampon?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"(See, a tampon is what you stick up your ass so you don't bleed.)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Ew, doesn't that hurt?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(A little.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[rushes up quite excited] You guys! I got my period, too!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Wow, cool!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[frightened] You did?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Yeah! [Stan looks down sadly] I was just hanging out in my room, and then I perioded all over the place."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"All right! You have to be in me and Kenny's club, then. My mom gave me this ""Women Who Run With The Wolves"" book and I'm finding out all about our goddess powers."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Awesome! We get powers?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Yeah! Come on, we can set everything up in my clubhouse and get ready for New Year's Eve! [Stan is left alone, but Cartman returns] Hey, don't feel bad, Stan. Some of us just mature a little later than others. [walks away]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. He's ready for bed, but sits at his desk with pencil and paper at the ready. He picks the pencil up and writes"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. If you wouldn't mind, I don't wanna be the only kid who doesn't get his period before the new year. Could you speed up my development a little? Thanks, God. Your friend, Stan [He sets his pencil down and goes to bed]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Jesus' house, outside, night. The camera crews and crowd keep vigil. One window on the house is lit from within"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Are you there, God? It's me, Jesus. I feel like I've got a real shot at a comeback, God. For whatever reason, people are starting to follow me again. I'm 2000 years old, but I feel like I'm 28 again! I think I'm going to win everybody back, because I just made a few phone calls, and I'm going to put on the most amazing New Year's spectacle this world has ever seen!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Marsh house, Stan's room, day. An alarm goes off, and Terrance and Phillip are heard."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Phillip,"[a rooster crows] Oh God, you're smelly!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Announcer,"Good morning, South Park, it's 8 a.m., [Stan awakens] and only two more days until the new millennium! [Stan moves towards the radio, than away from it, then hides under the covers, then sprints for the restroom. Quickly, he lowers his pajamas and briefs]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Dammit! Dammit dammit dammit!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,"Stanley, honey, what's the matter?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[sobbing] I'm not bleeding out my aahass!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,"Well, that's good, honey."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No it's not! It's terrible! [Sharon looks worried. Stan returns to his bed and prays] Are you there, God? It's me, Stan. How come you didn't help me? I know you're really busy with things, but this is a matter of life and death. If I don't get my period, my friends won't let me hang out with them on New Year's Eve. Please, please give me my period soon."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Jesus' house, day, one day before New Year's eve. The camera crews and crowd keep vigil. A woman yawns, and the front door opens again"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,Here he comes!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,He's coming out!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[steps out and closes the door] ...I have given it much thought, my children, and you are right. After reviewing the Bible, it does indeed say that something very big is going to happen at the millennium. [the crowd cheers and jumps for joy] I have spoken to my Father in heaven, and he agreed that the millennium is significant to all of us. And ye who believe in me SHALL be rewarded! [more cheering and jumping] So what we're going to do tomorrow night, New Year's Eve, 1999: we just got ROD STEWART to agree to play a comeback concert at the Rio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, and you're all going! [...silence]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man,"...We knew you could do it, Jesus! [the crowd begins to cheer again, and Jesus grins]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Well, I'd better book my ass a flight to Vegas! [hurries away]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Fr. Maxi,[beings to sing. Others step aside] For he is Savior For he is Lord
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,He gives me hope when I have only been bored And he lifts me up with His gentle arm...
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Ewok Village 2000. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny sit in a circle with candles next to them."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"[wearing a bandana and flowers] Okay, is everyone accounted for? Goddess Wind?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,[with bandana and leafy wings] Here.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,Goddess Moon? Goddess Moon?!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"[with fine pendant on his hood and purple cape] (Dammit, here!)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"And I'm here, Goddess Earthly Delight. So this is the first meeting of our club for teens who have gotten their periods. We're supposed to talk about our periods. And boys. Let's talk about boys first. I think Craig is pretty cool, but I don't think Clyde is very cool."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"I think Clyde is kind of cool, but Craig is definitely cooler than Clyde."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,"(Yes, I agree. I think Craig is a thousand times as cool as Clyde. There doesn't really seem to be a doubt.)"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Okay, that settles that. Now let's talk about our periods. Kyle, you first."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Oh. Ah-ah. Ah-uh-m-m.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"What's the matter, Kyle?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Nothing. Um [clears his throat], my period is really uuuh... [Cartman looks on skeptically] Uuuh, my period is going swimmingly."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"...Okay, that makes sense. Mine is going swimmingly, too."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(And mine too.)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,[sighs] Phew.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,Chef's house. Stan walks up and knocks
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"[opens the door] Oh, hello Stan."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[despondent] Hey, Chef."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,How's it going?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Bad.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,Why bad?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Can I come in?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Well, sure. [Stan enters and Chef closes the door. They sit on the sofa] Now, what's the matter, little cracker?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Chef, I have ...this friend, see? And this person is really bummed out, because everyone else the same age has gotten their period, and this person hasn't."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"OOH, you're talkin' about your older sister, Shelly."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,No.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Your little girlfriend, Wendy."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Look, it doesn't matter who it is. The point is that everyone else got their period and this person hasn't."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Look, Stan. Do you really know what a period is?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Yeah, Cartman told us."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Stan, let me sing you a little song about the menstrual cycle. I think it might clear things up for you. [gets up and faces him]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Okay.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"Ooo baby, yeah baby, ooo baby. Yeah baby, yeah baby, now baby. Ooo yeah, yes yes baby Yeahyeahyeah, uh-huh baby now Agh! Agh! Awww! No, baby! Ewww, baby! No, no! Alright now—I'm alright, I'm-I'm cool, it's okay. Uh alright, watch out for the bedspread, baby. Look out now, it's- alright, I'll tell you what. Uuh, how about uuh, uh. Why don't I call you next week? And that's my song about the menstrual cycle, Stan. Did that clear things up for you?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[thinks] ...So what you're saying is, this person shouldn't be bummed because everybody has their period at a different time."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,...Is that what I said?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"But it's not fair! It's not fair that one day you're on top, that you're the coolest kid in town, and then the next day you're at the bottom again, 'cause everyone has blood coming out their ass but you, and if I can't menstruate, then by God, I'm not gonna sit around and be the only periodless 8-year-old boy! I'm gonna do something about it! [hops off and heads out the door.]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,Whoa! I musta missed a WHOLE middle part there.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Rod Stewart's mansion, day. Jesus sits on a leather sofa with Stewart's agent. Around them are Grammys, some pictures of Stewart and framed gold records"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Agent,"I can't tell you how excited Rod Stewart is about this millennium concert. He's gotten a little older, but you're gonna see how much he can still rock."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Hoh, I'm excited too. I think it will bring my Father's children back to their faith and back to mine eyes, for I an the Lamb of God."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Agent,"Yeah t-and uh, you know, Rod is a seasoned veteran, so I'm gonna have to ask for a bit more cash, but we could talk about that later; here comes Rod now. [some double doors open, and a nurse wheels Rod into the room]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Hullo-o-o.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[surprised, but quickly recovers and shakes Rod's hand] Hey, Rod, great to see you."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Oh.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Uh, the folks are sure glad you're playing. It's really given them a lot of faith in me again. I'm sure that together, we can make this millennium party the best New Year's bash ever!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,What?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Poo pants?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped 'nmuh pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Uh, you pooped your pants?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Pooped in my pants.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Oh Uh-n nurse? Mr. Stewart has apparently pooped his pants?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Nurse,"Again?! [turns Rod around to wheel him away] Now, Mr. Stewart, what did we say about trying to hold in Mr. Dookie? [exits with Rod. Jesus can only look on, shocked]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Genetic Engineering Ranch, night"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"[leading Stan into the lab] Yes, puberty is a very wonderful thing, Stan. It's what links us all together, makes us one."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,But what happens if there's someone who never went through puberty.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,Never went through puberty? Who never went through puberty?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Nn-nobody! I mean, uh, well, m-my dad."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,Your father never went through puberty?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No. And uh, that's why he sent me here; 'cause he's too embarrassed to come himself."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"Oh, I can't say that I blame him."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,So do you know anything that can help him?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"Well, I should think the most logical solution would be... hormones."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,Hormones? [smiles. Mephesto takes him to the medicine cabinet]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,"Yes! [removes a bottle of PURE HORMONES] Here, and tell your father to take just one of these pills every week. It could be just what he needs. And be sure to tell him that his secret is safe with me."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Thanks a lot, Dr. Mephesto. You're the best! [walks away with the bottle]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Mephesto,My pleasure. I just love helping people.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Genetic Engineering Ranch, outside. Stan looks at the bottle and reads the prescription: ""one tablet weekly."" He pops the lid off... One tablet falls, and then the empty bottle."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"The Ewok Village 2000, next day. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny have reassembled."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Now, for our first club activity, we're supposed to reach into this little dish and pull out a word. We look at the word and think about what that word means to us. [tips the bowl towards Kyle, who reaches in and takes a slip of paper]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[unfurls and reads] Okay. Today's word is ""spirituality."" What that means to me is uh- [thump. The three look up]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[outside, below] Hey assholes! [the three rise and head for a window]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Oh, look. It's that little boy who hasn't gotten his period yet."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[now with some facial hair] Don't you worry about that! I've started taking hormones!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,Hormones?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Yeah, they make you have your puberty quicker. And I'm just here to tell you that my puberty is gonna be bigger than any of you guys's!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Dude, I don't think 8-year olds are supposed to take hormones."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Yeah, you shouldn't force your period, Stan. You should let it come, like the morning dew."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,So what are we gonna do for New Year's?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Well, we're going with our families to Las Vegas. I guess there'll be some younger kids there, too, if you wanna go."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,[voice breaking] Aaaargh. I'm gonna go take some more hormones. [walks away. The other three withdraw and resume their discussion]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Now, the word is ""spirituality."" I believe that the goddess in me is my spirituality because she-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Ooooowwwwwwwhh.) [leans forward in pain]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Quiet, Kenny. The goddess lives in all of us and has-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Oh- ooowww!)
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Goddammit, Kenny, shut the hell up!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kenny,(Aaaaaa!) [falls back and passes out. Blood spews up from his mouth]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital. An ambulance is parked outside. Inside, the McCormick parents sit in the waiting room holding hands"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,Mr. and Ms. McCormick.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",McCormick Parents,Yes?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,I'm sorry. We... couldn't save your son.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ms. McCormick,"[sobbing] Oh my God, my little Kenny's gone. I can't believe it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,We just didn't get to him in time. There's nothing we could do.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stuart,"What happened? What killed him, doctor?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,"Well, we found a... tampon stuck up your child's ass. Apparently, he'd had it up there for several days. It plugged him up until he finally burst from the inside out like a ruptured septic tank."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ms. McCormick,[sobbing] Oh my God.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,My worry is that he could have been following some kind of crazy new fad. Perhaps the children are all shoving tampons up their ass because they've seen the Backstreet Boys doing it on TV or something.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ms. McCormick,[sobbing] Gi-ih [gulp]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Dr. Doctor,"We must get to the bottom of this! ...if you'll pardon the pun. But actually, right now, I've got to catch a plane to Las Vegas to see the Rod Stewart Millennium Show."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stuart,Rod Stewart's gonna be in Vegas?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Las Vegas, night. Klieg lights search the sky as a large crowd gathers for the concert. Craig Netzel is on scene"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"Tom, I'm here live in Las Vegas, where tomorrow night THE New Year's Eve event is going to happen. Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, is presenting Rod Stewart, the undisputed King of Pop, right here at this hotel behind me. [tents and stands pepper the grounds. Some of them have been seen in South Park before] It looks as though Jesus really has come through. [Jesus is in his room looking at the report] Everyone is very excited, because rumor has it that God Himself is gonna show up to the event."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,[shocked] What??
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"How about you, ma'am? Do you think God is gonna show up tomorrow night?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Ma'am,[in party hat] Of course he is. This is Jesus we're talking about. He wouldn't let us down.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[turns off the TV] Oh no! Are you there, God? Father, will you please reconsider and show up tomorrow? [no answer] ...Hello?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"New Year's Eve, morning. Stan's radio alarm goes off"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,"Stanley. [Stan awakes. A beard is forming] Wake up, honey. It's time to leave for Las Vegas. [he jumps out of bed and walks past a Terrance and Phillip full-length mirror. He stops, walks backwards, and looks at his reflection, strokes his sparse beard, turns to look at himself from the side...]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Who-o-oa, du-ude. I've got boobs."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,"Las Vegas, New Year's Eve, 1999, night. The stage area. The crowds erupts in anticipation"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"[walks in with Kyle] Hey, Las Vegas is a pretty cool place for us mature people. [Jesus takes the stage and speaks]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Alright, people. Are we ready to rock the millennium?! [the crowd roars. Jesus steps backstage and prays] Father in heaven, please let tonight's show go well. Please make them like it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"[Butters is already next to Cartman] Hey, here comes Stan."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[walks up, with a deep boy voice] Have I missed anything?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Wow, Stan, you really got some nice titties there."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,"Did you get your period yet, Stan?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"No. I didn't, but-"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Cartman,"Buh- Don't worry. You'll get it someday. Come on, Kyle. Let's go see what kind of tampons they have here in Las Vegas. [he and Kyle walk off]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, I tell you one thing. I sure as heck am excited. We've got about four hours to the new year, and so I think it's time to START IT UP! Ladies and gentlemen, as promised, Mr. Rod ""Do You Think I'm Sexy?"" Stewart! [the curtains open as Jesus steps aside. The nurse rolls Rod up to the mic and walks away as the band plays. The crowd has no reaction. The band pauses after a while, so Rod can sing]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,"O-o-oh. [the band riffs a bit] O-oh. [the band plays on. Jesus keeps time] O-o-o-oh. Be-eh-o-o-or. [Stan walks around and then sits on a curb, truly depressed. Rod continues to sing unintelligibly]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jimbo,"[disgusted] Whoa, man."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Rod,Oh. Uh pooped 'em. [the band resumes play as the nurse brings a bucket on stage and checks him out]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,This sucks balls!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Blonde,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 7,"Alright, enough of this! Bring out God!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man 9,Yeah!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Oh no.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,We want God! We want God! We want God!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[""We want God""] Please, Father. Do something."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Crowd,We want God!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"[goes onstage again] Uh, folks, I'm afraid God can't make it tonight."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Randy,We came all the way to Las Vegas for this?!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,"This is the worst New Year's ever! Thanks a lot, Jesus!"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Skeeter,Let's get him! [leads the charge to the stage]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Scene Description,Craig Netzel with some breaking news. The crowd has begun to riot.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Netzel,"Well, Tom, I'm here live in Las Vegas in what is quickly becoming known as ""the gayest party ever."" Everyone is so outraged that they are building a large cross in which to once again crucify our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. [behind him, two men pop in and out of view. One holds a bat, the other runs back and forth. The man with the bat beats the other man down, but the other man pops up and continues running]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"[goes onstage] Jesus, why does God hate me?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Huh? He doesn't hate you, he hates me. He's gonna let me be crucified again."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,He hates me more. He doesn't answer my prayers. I prayed to him every day and he never answered me.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, yeah, but just because God doesn't answer your prayers doesn't mean he doesn't care about you."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Well then, why didn't he give me what I wanted?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Well, God can't just answer every prayer and suddenly give you everything you want. That takes all the living out of life."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,What do you mean?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"If God answered all our prayers, there'd be nothing left for us to do ourselves. Life is about problems, and overcoming those problems. [becomes reflective] A-and growing and learning from obstacles. If God just fixed everything for us, then there'd be no point in our existence. [realizes something] That's why he wouldn't show up to my New Year's party."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,I just wanted my period.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"I get it now, Father. I had to learn all this on my own. [Skeeter and five other men bring a large cross in] I was overcome with my new popularity and, and I let pride get in the way of good judgment. [a bright light appears in the sky and descends towards the stage. The crowd gapes in awe]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Man,"Whoa, what is that??"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,[the light approaches him] It's Dad.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Fr. Maxi,God? God is going to show himself??
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Woman,"Look, I can see him. [the light begins to bathe the crowd]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,Father. You came.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Now look upon Me, My children, and know Me. [now the crowd is shocked] Be ye not afraid. [God is shown as some kind of short-legged squirrel, elephant, cat, hippopotamus hybrid] Blessed art thou, my children. [a man's party blower falls from his lips]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Randy,That's God?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Jesus,"Yea, 'tis my Father, the Creator. He is the Alpha and the Omega. [a snake's tongue lashes out from God's mouth] The Beginning and the End."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Well, yeah, but that??"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"What did you expect me to look like, My son?"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,[thinks a moment] ...Well not like that!
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"Since it is the end of the first 2000 years, I will allow you, My children, to ask me one question."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Gerald,[next to Mr. Mackey] One question?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Mackey,Only one?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Sharon,What should we ask him?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Chef,"We have to think carefully. We can ask him anything we want, like, ""What's the meaning of life?"" or ""Why are we here?""."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,I have it. I have the question. [steps forth] Now you have to answer me once and for all! How come I haven't gotten my period yet?! [the crowd stands aghast]
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"[after a while] My child, you are a boy. Boys do not get periods. That's only for girls. Your friends were bleeding a little bit out of their asses because of an acute colon infection. And your friend Kyle simply lied about it."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Kyle,[exposed] How do know that?
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"You will hit puberty when the time is right. But you will never have a period, because you are a man — with titties. Thus spaketh the Lord. And now I return to heaven. [transforms into the light and returns the way he came]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Mr. Garrison,"Hey, wait! That doesn't count as our question, does it??"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",God,"I'll answer another on New Year's Eve, in the year 4000. [zips away]"
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Did you hear that everybody? I'm not even supposed to have my period; that's why God wasn't answering me before! [people look at him, annoyed] Boy, I'm sure everything worked out okay. [looks around] I guess now we can all celebrate the New Year, huh? Should auld acquaintance be forgot [end credits roll] And never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot And auld lang syne? For auld lang syne, my dear, For auld lang syne..."
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Skeeter,Let's get him.
"Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus",Stan,"Let's have a cup o -Aaaa! [mayhem ensues as people riot, breaking wood and glass all around. A gunshot is heard, a couple of women scream, and the rioting goes on]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,A promo is the first thing shown. Live-action shots throughout
World Wide Recorder Concert,Announcer,"This Saturday, Pox presents the musical event of the new millennium! You all remember playing the recorder in elementary school! [a recorder resting on a book of sheet music is shown] Well, this Saturday in Oklahoma City [its skyline is shown], over 4 million third-grade students [a crowd of them is shown] from all over the country [a school bus full of students is shown] will gather in one place, and at the same time, play ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"" on their recorders. [a girl is shown playing a white one] It's the largest third-grade recorder concert ever! [An elderly man instructs three students, one of them in a wheelchair] Special guest conductor Yoko Ono [pictured] and woodwind virtuoso Kenny G [pictured] will lead this fantastic event! This Saturday, at 11 Eastern / 10 Central. The world will be watching! [close-up of a small boy playing his recorder]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mr. Garrison's classroom. He rushes to the front of the class and stands next to a pull-down screen on which is projected ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, we've still got some time to practice the song before we load up the bus and head out for Oklahoma."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Class,[groaning] Awww.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Now, come on, there's gonna be over 4 million third-graders from all over the country there, and I wanna make sure South Park is the best! Okay?! [raises his baton] Recorders up. [the students set their recorders between their lips] And a-1 and a-2 and a- [the class begins to play the song. Some students play slow] ""...of liberty."" You're late! [the kids play faster, but are still off] ""...my father-"" What the hell was that?! [the students lower their recorders] God-damnit, I don't think you children have been working on your fingering!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"That's not true, Mr. Garrison: Kyle was working on his fingering with his mom all night long."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"[Kenny laughs] Shut up, fatass!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Heh, heh. No, seriously. Kyle's mom says Kyle's getting really good at fingering, heh. [Kenny laughs so hard he falls off his seat]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Shut up, Eric! There's gonna be 4 million children playing this song at the same time on their recorders, and, so help me God, South Park Elementary is not gonna be the only ones that don't know the song! Try again! Recorders up. [the students set their recorders between their lips] And a-1 and a-2 and a- [the class begins to play the song. Mr. Garrison genuflects and bangs his head against his desk. Mr. Mackey walks in, looking at this behavior]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, that sounded great, kids. [Mr. Garrison looks up at him]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[rising] Sure, if you like the sound of a peacock getting its neck broken."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, kids. Uh, we have some news. Uh, there's been a terrible flood in Oklahoma, m'kay? So the 4-million-recorder-children's event is being moved to Arkansas."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[close-up. He's suddenly scared] Arkansas?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,What's Arkansas—is that a state?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Eh, the trip shouldn't take any longer, but I'll hand out these updated contact sheets so that your parents will know where you are, m'kay? [hands them out. Craig reads his sheet.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Mackey, can I talk to you for a second?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,M'kay. [joins Mr. Garrison aside]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Mackey, um... I can't go to Arkansas. Somebody's gonna have to fill in for me."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,What? We can't find anybody to fill in for you. Why can't you go to Arkansas?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[wistfully] Arkansas is where I grew up. My parents live there—my [stifles a sob] ...father still lives there.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Well, don't you want to see them?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,I haven't seen my father for 23 years.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, perhaps you should sit down, Mr. Garrison, m'kay? [walks him over to a chair and sits him down] Mr. Garrison, I know this is very difficult, m'kay, but I must ask: is there a history of sexual abuse in your family?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"...Some, yes. There was my uncle, Richard. He... he molested me."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,When was that?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Saturday. Last, last Saturday. He's a paraplegic, but it didn't—"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, eh, and your father? He molested you when you were a boy? [Mr. Garrison begins to cry] Mr. Garrison, I think, when we get to Arkansas, you need to see your father. You need to face this demon in your closet, m'kay?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[turns away] Don't look at me! Uh, y'all go on your bastard trip and just- don't look at me! [hurries out of the classroom crying]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That was pretty cool.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,M'kay.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The trip begins. Inside the bus, Mr. Mackey is up front reading a book, Mr. Garrison is in the very back opposite Terrence and the redhead"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[with recorder] Okay, how about this one, Kenny? [plays an A note]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Uh-uh.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,No? How about this? [plays a G note]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Nope.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Hm, interesting. Let's see: how about this? [plays a Gb note. Kyle and Stan turn around on their seat]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"We're trying to find the brown noise—it's this one pitch, this certain frequency that makes people lose bowel control."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"What's ""lose bowel control?"""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That's a scientific term for crapping your pants.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Oh, brother, here we go again. Cartman, there is not a sound frequency that makes people crap their pants!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,Yes there is! The French experimented with it in World War II!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Nuh-uh!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"How about this one, Kenny? [plays an F note]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Nuh-uh.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"There is no brown noise, fat boy!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That's nice. When I find it I'll just make you crap yourself so you look like Karen Carpenter.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Who's Karen Carpenter?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Aaaaaah! [apparently, he's seen a sign that reads: ""Arkansas 410 miles. Rest Stop 5 miles""] Huhh, ohh, [the students and Mr. Mackey look back.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Mr. Garrison, are you alright?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,Mr. Garrison isn't here right now.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay-Mr. Garrison, you're just having a hard time dealing with the memories of your father's sexual abuse, so you switch personalities to Mr. Hat, m'kay?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,"Oh, good one, Sherlock! You figure that out all by yourself?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,M'kay-I think the best thing for Mr. Garrison to do is to go see his father.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,"No! No, you moron! [Mr. Mackey gets annoyed] Mr. Garrison can't let the memories end! Just leave us alone!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay! Mr. Hat, you need to let me talk to Mr. Garrison, m'kay?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,Why would he want to talk to a second-rate dopey-ass elementary-school psychologist?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,What did you say?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Hat,"You heard me, jackass! There's monkeys that make better counselors than you!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Why, you son of a bitch! [rips Mr. Hat from Mr. Garrison's hand and starts beating him up. Mr. Hat smacks Mr. Mackey down in front of Terrence, who looks aghast]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Whoa! Mr. Mackey and Mr. Hat are fighting. [the other students turn to see the fight]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"I'm gonna kick your ass, m'kay?! [resumes fighting Mr. Hat]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Students,[cheering] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Ms. Crabtree,BE QUIET BACK THERE!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Yuh-NO! [panting, dirty and black-eyed, gets up and places Mr. Hat between Mr. Garrison's arms] You may have won this time, Mr. Hat."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The journey continues. The school bus and its passengers finally reach their destination - a large lot filled with buses and tents, and children"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, I want everyone to stay together, m'kay? Nobody move!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[a female with clipboard, walking up] School?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,Excuse me?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,What school are you from?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, uh we're from South Park, Colorado?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"Ssss, alright. South Park school, you go over there next to the kids from New York. [distracted by something away from the bus] Nono, don't put the Florida kids in the building! [moves away. The class walks past the New York children]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,[sitting on the bus's front right fender] Ey! Look at the little Eskimos in their freakin' hats and gloves.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,"Yeah, huh? [they begin to snicker as the South Park kids look back]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Whoa, look at this kid's coat. [Kenny's] Ey, kid. What's the matter—you a freakin' burn victim or somethin'? What? [the others laugh]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"[aside, to Stan] Who the hell are these guys?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,I didn't know they was invitin' rednecks to this event!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,We're not rednecks!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Yeah! That's Texas, butthole!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Oh yeah? Well, you look like a bunch of queefs to me, huh?! [the other New Yorkers laugh]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[aside, to Stan, softly] Stan, what's a queef?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Kenny?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(I don't know!)
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Oh, brother! You guys don't even know what a queef is, huh?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Of course we know what a queef is, you queef!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Black kid,"[wearing EKKO shirt] Oh yeah? Well, what is it, then?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,Aaaa-
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Why?! Don't you know?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Are all redneck queefs from Colorado as stupid as youse?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Alright, dickhole! [feedback is heard, and all look to the source]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[on bullhorn] I need everyone's attention, please! We will now all be moving in an orderly fashion to our assigned hotels. Please follow your group leader to check in."
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"[as South Park leaves] Yeah see ya later, queefs! [at least Stan and Kyle are pissed off. They look angry as they look at each other]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Roman Holiday Inn, night. The four boys share a room with two beds. They sit amid stacks of books looking for information"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Ungh, I can't find the word ""queef"" anywhere! [drops his book]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,[reading another book] Well keep looking! We gotta find out what it means before we see those New Yorker kids again!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Well, let's try the dictionary. [picks it up] queasy, Quebec, queen quelch. No queef."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Damnit! [closes his book]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[reading another book, jumps for joy] Hey, I found it, you guys! I found it!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You did? [the other three gather around]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,What's it mean?! What's it mean?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"I told you guys! Here it is, right here. ""The brown noise."""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Awwgh!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Damnit Cartman, wha-?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"""An oscillation of sound that causes the bowels to loosen."" See? That means crap your pants. ""The brown noise is believed to be 92 cents below the lowest octave of Eb."" What does that mean?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Who cares? We have to find out what queef means! Keep reading! [he and the other two return to their books and read on]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Garrison's home town, night. He walks to his former home, his parents' house, in the rain"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[on the walkway, sighs] I can do this. I have to do this. [approaches the door and rings the bell. His father answers] Hello. Dad."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Oh, hello, son."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,Can I ...come in?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Ub. Sure, of course. [Mr. Garrison enters] Your mom's out at Bridge Night. You want a beer or somethin'?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"No. I don't think that will solve any of our problems, though you seem to think it did."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, what?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"I have a lot of demons that I need to face, father. I need to know some things."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, okay, like what?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, alright, let's just cut right to it! [sighs] I've come to ask you about the sexual abuse, dad!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,What??
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,I have to know why! Right here and now—we're gonna talk about this!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,What the hell are you talking about?! I never sexually abused you!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,I know! I wanna know why not?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,WHAT??
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,Was it that I was ugly?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Oh, my God! [turns around]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"I wasn't good enough for you! Was that it, Dad?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, NO!! [walks away, but his son rushes up to grab him]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Sure, you can go off and screw any whore on Wyland Street, but when it came to your own son you were just too busy! [runs off crying. Mr. Garrison Sr. can only express shock.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The 4 Million Child Blow 2000 lot, next day. Looks like the 4 million kids are assembled"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"[Onstage] Alright, everyone, quiet please! There are over 4 million of you, so we must have quiet! At this time I would like to introduce the woman who is making this all possible, Yoko Ono! [motions for Yoko to enter]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"Please [orates 20 seconds of incomprehensible, imitation, Japanese-accented English]... sing song ""My Country 'Tis of Thee."""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"You heard her, We'll start the rehearsal in a few minutes."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Those New Yorker kids are gonna be here any second, and we still don't know what queef means."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Well, we can still pre-tend like we know what it means."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"No, they'll catch on. Hey, wait a minute. I've got a great idea. Let's make up our own word. We can make up a word, and then use it, ...and then they'll act like they know it, and then we'll bust 'em."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Yeah. That'll make 'em look stupid!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,What word could we make up?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,How about... finkleroy?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"No, uhno, not finkleroy."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"How about geebo, or, or mung?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"Yeah, mung."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Mung's good.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Sh. Here they come. [the New Yorkers arrive]
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"Well hel-lo there, queefs. All bundled up nice and warm, are we?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You know what you guys are? You guys are nothing but mung?
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 2,We're not mung. You're mung.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Oh, so you know what mung means, hunh?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Of course we know what mung means!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Athlete,"Yeah, D'ya think we wouldn't know what mung means? [Stan laughs, then Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny join in]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,We busted you!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Hyeh. Yeah. Mung isn't even a word! We made it up! [they resume laughing]
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,You guys are even stupider than I thought! Mung is so a word!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,[the boys stop laughing] It is?
World Wide Recorder Concert,New Yorkers,[behind the two toughs and two others] Yeah. [they turn around]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Athlete,It sure is.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New Yorker 1,Yeah.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New Yorker 2,Uh huh. [turns around]
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,Yeah! Mung is the stuff that comes out when you push down on a pregnant woman's stomach.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,[winces] Eewww.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,Ooogh.
World Wide Recorder Concert,New York kid 1,"You guys didn't know that? [the rest of the New Yorkers turn around and they all laugh. Then, the rest of the 4 million+ kids laugh with them] Come on, guys. Let's get away from these rednecks before we get redneckasitis, or somethin'! [they leave. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny turn on Cartman]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"You dumbass, Cartman!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Yeah! Next time you make up a word, don't make up one that already exists!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, day. Mrs. Garrison Sr. and her son are sipping coffee on the sofa"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"It's so nice to see you, son. I'm so proud that you're part of the 4 Million Child Recorder Blow."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Yes. I hope it's okay if I stay here a few nights, Mother, I... I have some things I really need to talk to you about."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,About what?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[set his cup down and sighs] Mother, did you know that ...Dad... never sexually molested me?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,That... that can't be.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"He never did, Mom, not once."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,[stands] That's not true! Your father loved you! Often!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[stands] He never did, Mom! And I think you knew he never did!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,"[cups her ears and shuts her eyes, spilling her coffee] Nohoho! No! If I knew I would have made him do it!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,You stood by and let it happen! You saw him come home drunk and then just go right to sleep!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,I'm not listening!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Face it, Mother. He never abused me! [his mom starts to cry, and his dad enters the room carrying groceries]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, what's goin' on?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,Mother won't hear the truth!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,He says you didn't molest him as a child!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Ah-I didn't! You knew I didn't!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mrs. Garrison Sr.,No! I didn't know! [cups her ears and shuts her eyes again] I'm not listening!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"You can't close your eyes forever, Mother! [she walks away, crying] Mother, wait! [runs after her. Again, Mr. Garrison Sr. is shocked]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The 4 Million Child Blow 2000 lot, later. Kenny G has joined Yoko Ono and the coordinator onstage"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"[Speaks in imitation, harshly thick, Japanese-accented English] Alright people, how many people has a copy. We must have-a practiced the ... song for the performance tomorrow, please."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Coordinator,"Okay, children. We need to play closer attention to the sheet music. Remember, if you get lost, just follow along with Mr. Kenny G here."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"Hey, that's it, Kenny. Maybe Kenny G can show us where 92 cents below the lowest Eb is. Then we'll know the brown noise."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,(Yeah.)
World Wide Recorder Concert,Yoko Ono,"And-a one gop seven to-sand ... [the children begin to play, and she covers her ears in agony] O-o-o-o. Stop! Stop ... beh goos sa buh got pee you got dere. That was-a terrify! That was-a horri-bee! What we gonna do?!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,What the hell is that lady talking about?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,I have no idea.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison gas station. Used to be Garrison and Son, but since Mr. Garrison left, the ""Son"" has been crossed out. Mr. Mackey walks up to Mr. Garrison Sr., who is changing the oil on a car on blocks"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"[bends down and looks in] Uh, Mr. Garrison, Sr.?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Thuh, that's me."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, my name is Mr. Mackey. I'm your school counselor, m'kay."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,[slides out and rises] What can I do for ya?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Uh-I wanna talk to you about your son—I'm his n-therapist, m'kay."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Uh, brother! Look, I didn't sexually abuse my son when he was younger!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Eh, you didn't?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,No! He's upset because I didn't molest him!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Oh. Hm. Uh, I guess that's a little different."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"A little, yeah! He thinks if I don't molest him it means I don't love him."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Well, now, uh, what's he supposed to think, Mr. Garrison? I mean, uh, look at all the media, all the magazine ads and television ads talkin' about ""sexual molestation"", m'kay? He sees all that and assumes you didn't molest him because of some flaw in his looks or personality."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,I didn't do it because it's wrong!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"I know, I know, but I'm afraid this problem has run very deep through Mr. Garrison's mental state. I'm worried that if... you don't do something, well it could kill him."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Hold on a second: are you actually suggesting that I have sex with my 41-year-old son?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"There comes a time in every father's life when he must ask himself, ""How far will I go to save my son's life?"""
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"Well, I won't have sex with him!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Mackey,"Well, I've said all I can say. [walks away, then turns] I know it's difficult, but... family... is about compromises. m'kay? [walks away, then turns] Don't lose your son over this, Mr. Garrison. [emphasizes each syllable] Don't lose... your son, m'kay? [walks out of the station]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Am I the only sane person left on earth?!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"The Garrison residence, night. Mr. Garrison Sr. is now seated in his armchair watching television. News item:"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Reporter,"Tomorrow the whole world will be tuning in as over 4 million children play ""My Country 'Tis Of Thee"" on their recorders. [Mr. Garrison walks to the stairs behind his father, but stops to watch the report] It is by far the largest gathering of little plastic recorders in human history. Yoko Ono has..."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"Well, Mom said I could sleep in the guest room tonight. Good night, Dad."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Good night. [Yoko Ono finishes rambling incoherently]
World Wide Recorder Concert,Reporter,Words to live by.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[pause] Guess I'll just... go on up to bed now.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Uh huh.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[pause] Now, I don't really have any pajamas—guess I'll just... sleep in my boxers or something."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,[flatly] Should be fine.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,[pause] Uh I'll leave the door open a little in case you ...need to see me about anything.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,Won't be necessary.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,"[steps up, then turns again] I'll just... be going up to bed now. [pause] Gueh... guess maybe I won't even wear those boxers."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,I'm not going to molest you!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison,You don't love me! [runs upstairs crying] I wanna die!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Mr. Garrison Sr.,"God-damnit! [pounds the arms of the chair with his fists, then rises and goes out the door.]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Scene Description,"Roman Holiday Inn, night."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,I wish we could find a way to get back at those New Yorker kids.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,Yeah. They think they're so cool.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[rushing into the room with Kenny wearing earmuffs] You guys! You guys! We found it! We found it, you guys!"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,"Calm down, Cartman."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,You found what?
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"The brown noise! Kenny and me found the brown noise! Here, look! Look. [places some earmuffs on Stan's head] There, okay. Let's see here. [places some earmuffs on Kyle and rushes back to his side of the room] Right there. Okay. Okay. Ready, Kenny?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kenny,"(Ready.) [Stan and Kyle look at each other and Cartman plays a fat bass note. Kenny farts] (Oh, [farts] shiiit. Damnit! Cartman, I've got to go to the bathroom! [bawling])"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"[incredulous, removes his earmuffs] No way."
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,[removes his earmuffs] I don't believe it!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,"[removes his earmuffs] Um, seriously, you guys! Come on, watch. [leads them outside where a UPS delivery man is offloading packages, and the three put on their earmuffs. He whispers] Okay. [plays that bass note again]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Delivery man,"[farts] Whoa- Oh, my God! [grabs his belly and lets loose a long fart] Aaww, I crapped my pants! [rushes away with a brown stain on the seat of his pants. The boys remove their earmuffs]"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Kyle,That's amazing.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,I told you guys!
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,"[to Kyle] Dude, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
World Wide Recorder Concert,Cartman,That they should bring back Chicago Hope for another season? Totally.
World Wide Recorder Concert,Stan,No! That we could use the brown noise to get back at those asshole New Yorker kids.
