Raising the Bar,Mama,"[clapping] Ain't nobody can beat my Boo Boo at sketti wrestlin'! [meanwhile, Honey Boo Boo is striking poses and blowing kisses non-stop]"
Raising the Bar,Michelle Obama,Let's do this! [the contestants approach each other in the center of the sketti ring as the audience cheers and applauds wildly. Cartman suddenly rushes at her and sideswipes her]
Raising the Bar,Honey Boo Boo,[falling to the ground] Ow!
Raising the Bar,Scene Description,"Cartman looks back, then turns around and rides up to Honey Boo Boo as she gets up, then bumps her down again. The audience is disappointed at this. She gets up much faster this time and waits for Cartman to make his move. He rushes at her again, but she jumps onto him and delivers a flurry of punches at his face. Kyle walks around looking lost. Honey Boo Boo succeeds in knocking Cartman over and he's on his side. Honey delivers several kicks to Cartman's head and begins to squeal like a pig. The audience is cheering for Honey Boo Boo, and she responds by blowing kisses at it. Cartman rights himself up with the tip assist device"
Raising the Bar,Cartman,"I ain't done with you, bitch!"
Raising the Bar,Man,Yeah! Tip assist!
Raising the Bar,Scene Description,The S.S. Cameron. Static fills the speakers as communication between the ship and the bathysphere is lost
Raising the Bar,Crewman 2,You think he's dead? [the first crewman wakes up]
Raising the Bar,Crewman 3,I hope so.
Raising the Bar,James Cameron,"S.S. Cameron! This is James Cameron! I've found it! My God I found the bar! [the crewmen begin to stir. Soon they're all gathered at the computer monitor] Divert all power to sub systems! Two percent oxygen left! [the bethysphere rises quickly, followed by a long cable] The bar is too heavy! Aaaaagh! Come on you bitch!"
Raising the Bar,Crewman 4,Well I'll be damned.
Raising the Bar,Scene Description,"The symposium. Cartman is dragging Honey Boo Boo across the sketti by her hair, then lets go. Stan approaches Kyle, who's seated at a curb nearby"
Raising the Bar,Stan,"Dude, you okay? [Honey Boo Boo gets up, and Cartman turns back to strike her down again]"
Raising the Bar,Kyle,"I've been thinking, how did shamelessness get to this? [Honey Boo Boo gets up again and looks at Cartman, and he strikes her down once again] Did it start with fat people on scooters?[Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again] Or did the bar get lowered way before that? [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again]And then I started thinking, maybe it was us. [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again] I don't know, but maybe somehow, we lowered the bar, a long time ago. [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again] And now we're all sittin' here in the stink of it all. [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again] There's no going back, Stan. [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again. Two men walk up behind Stan and Kyle, and pass by them]"
Raising the Bar,Man 2,"Rrrgh it's like, I can't explain it. I just suddenly feel like this isn't right. [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again. Stan notices the men]"
Raising the Bar,Man 3,"I don't know why we were watchin' that garbage in the first place. [Honey Boo Boo gets up again, and Cartman strikes her down again]"
Raising the Bar,Kyle,[catches a hint of what the men were talking about] Huh?
Raising the Bar,Aide,"[Michelle Obama looks a little faint] Ms. Obama, are you, uh, ma'am? Are you okay?"
Raising the Bar,Michelle Obama,Something's wrong. This... This is all wrong! [runs into the sketti ring] Stop! Everyone! What are we doing?! How can you let this happen to your daughter?!
Raising the Bar,Mama,"I don't know, I... How did I let myself go like this? What have I done??"
Raising the Bar,Man 4,When did we devolve into watching fat kids sketti wrestling?
Raising the Bar,Michelle Obama,We need to realize obesity is an epidemic. But it's not a disease. From now on I'm going to dedicate this administration to FIGHTING childhood obesity! [turns to Cartman and begins punching away at him]
Raising the Bar,Cartman,"[amid some ows and grunts] Oh! You fucking bitch! [Michelle Obama finally punches him off his Rascal. She picks it up over her head, then smashes it into the ground, breaking it. She then kicks Cartman in the stomach for good measure.]"
Raising the Bar,Token,What the hell is going on?
Raising the Bar,Kyle,I don't know. I think... we've been given another chance.
Raising the Bar,Scene Description,"The S.S. Cameron, day. The bathysphere has been retrieved and the hatch opens. James Cameron climbs out of it and comes down to the deck to meet the crewmen."
Raising the Bar,Crewman 5,"Hey Cameron, we can't believe it."
Raising the Bar,James Cameron,We're done here! Set course for the set of Avatar 2
Raising the Bar,Crewman 6,Mr. Cameron. [Cameron stops] People should know. How you saved us all? How you raised the bar? How will they know what a hero you are?
Raising the Bar,James Cameron,"[turns around] James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. [turns around and walks a few feet, then turns around again] James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is... James Cameron. [the crew applauds him as he enters the bridge]"
Raising the Bar,Singers,"His name is James (James) Cameron, the bravest pioneer. No budget too steep no sea too deep Who's that? It's him! James Cameron."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. Upstairs, Gerald and Sheila relax in bed, watching TV. Well, Gerald is, anyway, with his hands behind his head. Sheila is reading a book."
Insecurity,Announcer,"Erectile dysfunction is a fact of life. You want to show her you love her, but you're old, and so is she. [A middle-aged man brings two cups of wine to the sofa and gives one of them to his middle-aged wife. Next, another middle-aged couple is shown in a row boat, with the husband rowing... slowly] The next time that special moment comes, don't let your sex drive fail you just because your wife looks like a shriveled prune. Fake it, with Cialis. [The Cialis logo scoots in from the right] It won't make her any harder, but it will make you not care for up to three hours. [A third couple is shown holding hands in his-and-her bathrubs on a deck... on the African savannah, with two elephants in the distance.] And then you can still have your own separate bathrub from her later on. [Gerald glances over at Sheila.]"
Insecurity,Gerald,[Lowers his arms and leans in a bit] Hey Sheila. You feel like having some fun?
Insecurity,Sheila,"Oh dear, did the Cialis commercial turn you on again?"
Insecurity,Gerald,[Puts his left arm around her] How about I put on the uniform?
Insecurity,Sheila,"[Gets excited and bashful] Oh, Gerald..."
Insecurity,Gerald,Huh? What do you think? You know you like it.
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Moments later, Sheila is in a negligee and puts some make up on. A knock is heard on her bedroom door and she answers it."
Insecurity,Sheila,"Oh, hello. [Strikes a sexy pose - right arm on the door, left arm on her hip]"
Insecurity,Gerald,UPS man. I have a ...package from Amazon for you.
Insecurity,Sheila,"Oh, dear, but I'm barely dressed."
Insecurity,Gerald,"If you'll just... [Whips out a signature pad and presents it to her] sign right here. [Some time later, the bedroom door is closed, the lights are out, and Gerald is really delivering it to Sheila.]"
Insecurity,Sheila,"Oh, you're so rough with me, Mr. UPS man!"
Insecurity,Gerald,"Yeah? [Spanks her] Do you like your package, ma'am? [Unknown to them, Ike is standing at the doorway looking at them]"
Insecurity,Sheila,Oh yes!
Insecurity,Gerald,Huh? [Followed by a series of grunts]
Insecurity,Sheila,"Do it harder, UPS man!"
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Ike's room, morning. Ike is at his desk crying, and he bangs his head on the desk/ Ike has been drawing something. Kyle walks by and notices"
Insecurity,Kyle,"Ike, what's the matter? [Waits a few seconds, then goes in.] Dude, you've been in here crying all morning. What's going on? [Ike finishes up and hands the sheet of paper to Kyle. Kyle looks and is suddenly alarmed. Ike has drawn a stick figure of his mom with a UPS man, with big boobs for his mom and a big penis for the UPS man. Ike goes back to crying] Oh. My. God. Ike, a-are you sure about this?"
Insecurity,Ike,Yes! Yes!
Insecurity,Kyle,"I-Ike, this is a big deal. You have to be absolutely, 100%-"
Insecurity,Ike,"I saw them, Kyle, I saw them!"
Insecurity,Kyle,Oh no...
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later. Kyle is in Stan's room, and Cartman and Kenny have joined them. Stan is at his desk, Kenny is on Stan's bed, Cartman is standing up"
Insecurity,Kyle,"You guys can't tell anybody, all right? Not until I figure out what to do."
Insecurity,Stan,"Dude, what happened?"
Insecurity,Kyle,Take a look. [Whips out the sheet of paper Ike drew upon]
Insecurity,Stan,What's this? [Takes the sheet and looks at it.]
Insecurity,Kyle,Ike found out last night. My mom's having sex with the UPS man.
Insecurity,Stan,Whoa!
Insecurity,Cartman,"Dude, no way!"
Insecurity,Kyle,"Yeah dude. [Out in the hall, Randy walks by with a cup of coffee, but he hears them and stops]"
Insecurity,Stan,"But are you sure they had sex, like, ""sex"" sex, or they actually had sex? [Randy sees a plant nearby, quickly dumps his coffee into it, and puts the cup against Stan's door]"
Insecurity,Kyle,"Yeah dude, like, full-on. Ike saw everything. It totally makes sense now. My mom's been ordering all kinds of stuff from Amazon lately. Sometimes, sh-she doesn't even remember what she's ordered. She's probably been having sex with the UPS man for a long time."
Insecurity,Randy,[Barely audible] Ohhhh... [Hurries away]
Insecurity,Stan,Well are you gonna tell your dad?
Insecurity,Kyle,I don't know. I feel like I should confront my mom first. But it's so embarrassing.
Insecurity,Cartman,"[Walks up to him] Kyle, have you stopped to think that maybe the sex wasn't consensual?"
Insecurity,Kyle,What?
Insecurity,Cartman,"Isn't it possible your mom was raped by the UPS man? We know nothing about this guy and he shows up to all of our houses. Think about it: what kind of sane, normal person would wanna have sex with Kyle's mom?"
Insecurity,Stan,"Cartman dude, not now."
Insecurity,Cartman,"No, hear me out, you guys. Haven't you seen those ADT commercials? ""Women these days get raped by perfectly normal-looking white guys in broad daylight."" It may be too late for Kyle's mom, but I'm getting some God damned security!"
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, night. Aside from Skeeter, seven men are present. Jimbo, Randy, Stuart, and Stephen are at the bar. Mr. Tucker is at a table, while Steve Black and Mr. Testaburger stand"
Insecurity,Randy,"Look, look, the thing is, do we tell Gerald, or do we just stay out of it?"
Insecurity,Jimbo,"How do you tell him? ""Hey Gerald, Sorry, but the UPS man is bangin' your wife."" It's really none of our business."
Insecurity,Stuart,"If my wife was having sex with the UPS man, I'd want you guys to tell me!"
Insecurity,Stephen,"How do you know she's not? I mean, think about it: this is a guy who visits all our houses during the day, who clearly has a kind of... insatiable lust... I mean, somebody who would have sex with Kyle's mom would have sex with just about anything!"
Insecurity,Randy,"Oh, come on, he can't be trying that with all our wives?"
Insecurity,Mechanic,"Wouldn't be the first time. [The other men face him] Hyeah, there's a price to be paid with having things convenient. Used to be... a man had to go to the store to buy himself a pitcher of milk. Hyeah, but men got lazy. They wanted that milk delivered right to the door. Only problem was, the guy deliverin' that milk end sup fuckin' your wife. Sure, you had your nice cold milk delivered right to your doorstep, but your wife was gettin' pounded out like a mallard duck. [takes his hat and heads for the entrance, then turns around] And now you got your Amazon. [puts on his hat] And the milkman's come back. [turns around] And none of ya are safe. [walks away, leaving the other men stunned]"
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. A Wolf Security System truck is parked out front. In the living room, a security agent lists some things Liane and Cartman would need on their house to secure it well. Liane looks through the brochure."
Insecurity,Security agent,"And so you'd need the motion detectors in the living room and the kitchen, the touch pads at the front and rear doors, and break-in monitors on all windows. I'm afraid those are not secure at all."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh no, really?"
Insecurity,Liane,"Oh, I'm sorry, but I really don't think I can afford this."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Mom, do you wanna get raped?! Haven't you seen their commercials?! You can get raped by a white guy these days, Mom!"
Insecurity,Liane,Ohhh...
Insecurity,Security agent,"Yes, unfortunately it's not enough to just be fearful of strangers these days."
Insecurity,Cartman,What-what do you mean?
Insecurity,Security agent,"Well, many times, houses are burglarized by someone the victim knows."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh my God, I knew it! Kyle is always taking my stuff! Just yesterday I couldn't find my iPod headphones! That sneaky little Jew!"
Insecurity,Security agent,"We realize that's a lot of money, Mrs. Cartman, but really, how much is feeling secure in your own home worth?"
Insecurity,Cartman,Yeah Mom! There's dangerous people trying to screw us both!
Insecurity,Scene Description,"The Marsh kitchen, morning. Randy waits at the breakfast table as Sharon washes dishes."
Insecurity,Sharon,"Don't you need to be getting to work, Rand?"
Insecurity,Randy,"No, I think I'll uh, ...just hang out a little longer. [The doorbell rings] I'll get it. [Rises quickly and heads for the front door]"
Insecurity,UPS man,"[Holding two boxes] Hey there, looks like I got a couple of packagers from Amazon for ya."
Insecurity,Randy,"[Warily] Oh, is that so?"
Insecurity,UPS man,If I can just get your signature right [Whips out the signature pad] there?
Insecurity,Randy,"[Signs the pad] Sure um... Chad, is it?"
Insecurity,UPS man,Thad.
Insecurity,Randy,"Thad. Nice. You um, havin' a busy day?"
Insecurity,UPS man,"Oh you know, just, tryin' to get to everyone."
Insecurity,Randy,Yeah I'll bet. [Gives him the pad back. Thad does a couple more things on the pad]
Insecurity,UPS man,"[Gives Randy the packages and walks back to his truck] Well, have a good one."
Insecurity,Randy,"Yeah, you too, Thad. [Closes the door and walks back to the kitchen. He puts the packages down on the counter next to the sink] Hey Sharon, these came for you."
Insecurity,Sharon,"[Smiles] Ooooo, stuff from Amazon?"
Insecurity,Randy,"Yeah, w-what are they?"
Insecurity,Sharon,"You know, to be honest, I can't remember?"
Insecurity,Randy,[In a deeper voice] You just... order stuff off of Amazon and you can't remember what?
Insecurity,Sharon,"[Opens the larger box] Ohhh yeahyeahyeah, these are the paring knives I ordered. Sorry, I think I was a little tipsy. [puts the knives back in the box and opens the smaller box] oh, and this is the book Stan's been wanting; can you take it up to him?"
Insecurity,Randy,"Yeah, sure, 'cause... [backs out of the kitchen] people just order stuff from Amazon and... forget what they got. [goes upstairs]"
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Stan's room, moments later. Randy enters the room with Stan's book."
Insecurity,Randy,"Stan, you got something from Amazon. [looks around and doesn't see Stan] Oh. [goes to Stan's desk and drops the book off there. He notices Ike's drawing and takes it, looks closely at it and gasps, thinking the drawing is of Sharon and the UPS man] Ooohhh shit."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, afternoon. Cartman comes home from school and sets off the alarm upon entering"
Insecurity,Cartman,Oh fuck. [Goes to the touchpad by the door to shut it off] Oh what's the- God damn it! [The phone rings and he goes to answer it. He puts his left index finger in his left ear to hear from the right ear better] Hello?
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Wolf Security Systems, afternoon. It's a very nice office, but only one operator is there taking calls. Whenever the camera is on him, or on one of his colleagues later on, it moves around him to the left or right, never losing focus"
Insecurity,Jeff,This is Jeff with Wolf Home Security. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Cartman,"Uh yeah, sorry, I live here, I just, I can't remember the code to turn off the alarm!"
Insecurity,Jeff,That's okay. Do you have your security pass phrase you can tell me?
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh yeah yeah, my pass phrase is... Kyle is a dirty no-good Jew. [Thinks a moment] No wait, Kyle is a no-good lying Jew."
Insecurity,Jeff,"Okay, I've got something a little different here."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Uhhh, it is My friend Kyle is a no-good dirty...? Hang on, I've got it written down here somewhere."
Insecurity,Jeff,No problem.
Insecurity,Cartman,Sorry about this.
Insecurity,Jeff,"It's all right, it happens all the time."
Insecurity,Cartman,"'Kay, thanks, I... Wait! Hang on a second! What do you mean ""That's all right""! What if I was somebody trying to rape my mom?!"
Insecurity,Jeff,You want to rape your mom?
Insecurity,Cartman,"[Liane appears at the top of the stairs and becomes coming down, but stops to hear what Eric is saying] That's nice, you're so cool about me triggering the alarm and not knowing the password, but how do you know I'm not making it up?! I could have raped my mom twice by now!"
Insecurity,Jeff,You said you lived there.
Insecurity,Cartman,"[His mom goes back up the stairs] I do, but you don't know that! I could be Kyle trying to take more of my shit!"
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, night. The mechanic is back at his table. The shadows of a group of men creep up on him"
Insecurity,Randy,How did you get rid of him? [The mechanic looks at him] How did you get rid of the milkman?
Insecurity,Mechanic,"There's no getting rid of him. Not in any you folks would be prepared for. Noh, best you just let him go on fucking your wives. Maybe he'll get tired of it."
Insecurity,Stephen,"Damn you, it's not just our wives anymore! [The others look at him, he looks around] This morning, he came for me. I opened the door. It was the UPS man. He had a box from Amazon. I looked inside and found an adapter for an iPhone and then I remembered: I had ordered it! I ordered it the day before and I had barely any recollection. The UPS man is using his powers to try to have sex with me now."
Insecurity,Randy,[Puts his hands on the table] You said we wouldn't be prepared to get rid of him. How did you?
Insecurity,Mechanic,"We used a pretty blonde to lure him in. When she answered the door she told the milkman to follow her to the bathrub. She took off her clothes and... asked the milkman to fill the tub with milk. The milkman said, ""You want that milk pasteurize?"" And the blonde replied, ""No, just up to my boobs. I can splash it in my eyes."" That's when we jumped 'im. It was over in minutes. Then we burned his body. You wanna get rid of the milkman? You gotta kill him and kill him good. And then you gotta go to the store for your stuff from then on."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, next day. A cat burglar with cigarette is at Cartman's front door"
Insecurity,Cat Burglar,"Hey, ey uh, [Takes a puff of cigarette] you want me to do this, you gotta pay up front, kid!"
Insecurity,Cartman,"You'll get your money when you finish doing what I asked you, all right? Now as soon as I lock the door, just give me a few seconds to arm the system, then you break in and try to rape my mom. Okay? You got it? [closes and locks the door, then arms the system, then goes to the phone to wait for Wolf Home Security to call. The cat burglar pounds a window until it gives way and he goes in. The alarm goes off a second later. Cartman gets pissed off when the burglar breaks a second window and there's no response from Wolf. Finally the call comes in, and Cartman answers it] Hello?"
Insecurity,Michael,This is Michael with Wolf Home Security. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Cartman,"[The cat burglar appears as he goes towards the stairs. He then stops] Uh, no, a man just broke into our house and he's about to rape my mom. [Softly, to the cat burglar while muffling the mic] Go go, she's upstairs. [The cat burglar heads up the stairs] Hello, did you hear me? A rapist is here; he's white!"
Insecurity,Michael,"Oh-kay, should we contact the police?"
Insecurity,Cartman,Yes you should contact the fucking police! My mom is about to get fucking raped!
Insecurity,Michael,"Okay, we're contacting them now."
Insecurity,Cartman,"He's goin' up the stairs, dude, you'd better hurry!"
Insecurity,Michael,"Try and stay calm, the police are on their way."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Well that's nice, maybe they could bring some cigarettes and Gatorade, 'cause the guy's gonna be pretty wiped out! [Looks at the phone] The fuck?!"
Insecurity,Scene Description,The Stotch house. Stephen goes to the front door and opens it.
Insecurity,UPS man,"Hey there, misterrr Stotch. looks like another Amazon package. [Smiles]"
Insecurity,Stephen,I know that what I feel for you is just some kind of spell.
Insecurity,UPS man,[looks puzzled] ...Sss-sorry?
Insecurity,Stephen,"Just let me sign. [the UPS man hands him the signature pad, Stephen signs it and gives it back and gets his package, and the UPS man leaves. Stephen opens the box and pulls out a Bane mask, still in the plastic package. Then he whips out a flip phone from his back pocket and talks into it] All right, he's coming to you."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"The UPS truck, day. The UPS man gets into his truck and starts it up. A gun appears next to his face, ready to shoot at him. He's startled"
Insecurity,Voice,"Well hello there, Mr. UPS man!"
Insecurity,UPS man,What are you-?
Insecurity,Randy,[wearing his own Bane mask] You should have left our wives alone. Now let's go for a drive.
Insecurity,UPS man,"[the UPS man releases the hand brake and drives off] Look, you can have whatever's in the back! Ih-ihit's all stuff from Amazon!"
Insecurity,Randy,"Oh no, pull in here."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"A U-Stor-It storage facility, day. The UPS man drives into it"
Insecurity,UPS man,"Just let me go, huh?"
Insecurity,Randy,"Oh, and then we'd miss out on all the fun! [the driver's side door opens and the other men from the bar, also wearing Bane masks, drag the UPS man out]"
Insecurity,UPS man,Aaawwgh! [they take turns kicking and punching him]
Insecurity,Stephen,"You should have never come to our town! [punches him twice, the second one sending him to Stuart]"
Insecurity,Stuart,"A man's wife is his life, Mr. UPS man. [punches him three times, the third one sending him back to Stephen. The UPS man falls to the ground and the Banes start kicking him. A woman is heard screaming. She and her husband are shown]"
Insecurity,Woman,Oh my God.
Insecurity,Man,Come on honey! [they run off]
Insecurity,Randy,"[whips out Ike's drawing and puts it in the man's face] Thought we wouldn't find out??? [drops it and the men scatter. Skeeter and Stephen go towards the camera and away, screen left. Stuart. Randy, and Mr. Testaburger run away from the camera, and Jimbo, Thomas, and Steve Black run off screen right. The UPS man is left alone, battered, bruised, and coughing up blood]"
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Someone knocks on his door five times, then tries to jiggle the locks open."
Insecurity,Cartman,[stops] Who is there?
Insecurity,UPS man,[opens the door and stumbles in] Please! [still gasping for air]
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh?! Ohhh?! [backs away quickly. The phone rings, but Cartman goes to the kitchen to answer it] Yes? Yeah, hello?"
Insecurity,Varashnu,"[with Indian Accent] Hello, this is Varashnu wit Wolf Home Security."
Insecurity,Cartman,A man just broke into my house and is- [looks at the phone] Varashnu? I didn't sign up to have some Indian guy call me- Are you even in the United States?!
Insecurity,Varashnu,"...Uh yes, I am in United States."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh, that is bullshit! Put your manager on!"
Insecurity,Varashnu,"Okay, hold on. [transfers Cartman's call]"
Insecurity,Cartman,Heh- hello?
Insecurity,Kevin,This is Kevin with Wolf Home Security. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Cartman,"No, everything's not all right. How come a guy from India is calling me when my house is being broken into?!"
Insecurity,Kevin,We have alarms going off across the country fourteen times a minute. That takes a lot of employees manning phones.
Insecurity,Cartman,"Dude, I'm not paying all this money to have some guy on the other side of the Earth try and protect me!"
Insecurity,Kevin,"Sir, it doesn't matter where we call you from, we still contact the police in your neighborhood."
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh really? Oh okay. Gosh I'm so relieved! Thanks. There's still just one little problem: How do you know I didn't break into this house, set off the alarm, and now I'm stalling by being upset about the Indian guy and have actually stolen a bunch of shit, raped my mom, and you people have done absolutely nothing about it?!"
Insecurity,Kevin,"I d-I d'uh... Wow, that just fucked my head."
Insecurity,Cartman,Yeah I just fucked your head and the UPS guy just fucked my mom! [slams the phone on the floor]
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. A crowd has gathered in front of the station. Sgt. Yates addresses the crowd's concerns."
Insecurity,Sgt. Yates,"All right, quiet down people, please! Quiet! [the crowd quiets down] I know you're all worried about your families' security. All I can tell you is that so far, Bane has not been caught. [the people begin to murmur amongst themselves]"
Insecurity,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, what are we supposed to do? I mean if Bane is out there on the loose then none of us are safe. One Bane's bad enough, but apparently we got like, like seven Banes? Uhkay?"
Insecurity,Gerald,And what do we tell our kids?! We can't leave them in the dark!
Insecurity,Randy,[aside to Gerald] Wouldn't be the only ones in your family completely in the dark.
Insecurity,Gerald,What?
Insecurity,Randy,Huh? Nothing.
Insecurity,Sgt. Yates,Now listen! There's nothing more we can do to protect your homes. But there's someone here who says he can. [makes way for the security agent who visited Cartman and his mom earlier]
Insecurity,Security agent,"Hello folks, we're more than happy to get your homes safe and secure. Now, you're gonna be wanting monitors on all your doors and windows, motion detectors in the living areas, and I would also recommend you all get our newest personal security system to make sure your wives are safe outside the home."
Insecurity,Randy,"Whoawhoa, wait, wait. What do you mean?"
Insecurity,Spokesman,"[in a commercial] Protecting your home and your family is hard enough! But sometimes alarms on your doors and windows aren't enough! A new security system allows not only for your doors and windows to be monitored, but your fear levels as well. [a 3-D schematic of a house is shown, with a person in it] A security system that is actually inside you. It's called IN-security."
Insecurity,Husband,[with wife and twin daughters] We'll never forget the day we took our twin daughters to the beach.
Insecurity,Stranger,"Hehey, what cute twins."
Insecurity,Wife,Thanks.
Insecurity,Stranger,"They're so adorable [whips out a crowbar and assumes a menacing posture. The wife instinctively tries to protect the girls] that I'm gonna bash their fucking heads in! [the alarm goes off and the stranger runs away, dropping the crowbar. The husband receives the call]"
Insecurity,Peter,This is Peter with INsecurity. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Husband,A white man just tried to murder our twin girls.
Insecurity,Peter,"I have a police car on their way with blankets and cocoa. [Next shot is of the whole family in blankets and sipping cocoa at the beach, with police cars around them and police officers investigating]"
Insecurity,Husband,I only hope other have people have INsecurity to protect their families.
Insecurity,Scene Description,A shoe store. A woman is getting her son new shoes
Insecurity,Shoe Salesman,"Well, how's the shoe fit, pal?"
Insecurity,Boy,I think it fits pretty good.
Insecurity,Shoe Salesman,"Well okayhehe, let's see if it fits better than this KNIFE THROUGH YOUR FUCKING SKULL, BASTARD! [gets out a large knife and slashes the air with it.]"
Insecurity,Boy,Aaahh! [jumps into his mom's arms and the alarm goes off. The salesman drops the knife and runs off. The phone rings and the mom answers it]
Insecurity,Mom,Hello?
Insecurity,David,This is David with INsecurity. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Mom,"[voice breaking] No, a white shoe salesman tried to murder my son."
Insecurity,David,"Hold tight. Police are on their way with blankets and cocoa. [next scene, mom and son are in blankets and sipping cocoa while the police investigate]"
Insecurity,Spokesman,"Don't let your family become another statistic. Have piece of mind with... [the new company logo appears, with ""Custom installation for only $99.""] INsecurity."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway, day. Kyle and Stan walk along to class"
Insecurity,Kyle,It just keeps getting worse. I see stuff from Amazon almost every day. My poor dad has no idea.
Insecurity,Stan,"You're gonna have to tell him, dude."
Insecurity,Kyle,I know...
Insecurity,Cartman,[runs up to them] HaHA Kyle! Let's see you try and take my iPod headphones HOW! [wears a little sign on his head showing that ]
Insecurity,Kyle,What?!
Insecurity,Cartman,"Just wanted you to know that if you wanna steal somebody's stuff, you should look elsewhere."
Insecurity,Kyle,"Nobody wants any of your stuff, you fat bitch!"
Insecurity,Cartman,"Oh, fat bitch, huh?! [gets smug] Well it just so happens that this fat bitch has INsecurity now, Kyle, and so I'm protected from ALL you greedy little Jews until you and your people DIE OUT!"
Insecurity,Kyle,"The Jewish population isn't dying out, fatass! It's growing!"
Insecurity,Cartman,"What? [his alarm goes off, then he gets the call] Hello?"
Insecurity,Marcus,This is Marcus with INsecurity. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Cartman,"Yeah yeah no, false alarm. I, I just heard some troubling news and it set off my INsecurity."
Insecurity,Marcus,"All right, could I just get your password please?"
Insecurity,Cartman,"Yeah, it's um... it's uloveboobs."
Insecurity,Marcus,I love boobs?
Insecurity,Cartman,"No, ""uloveboobs."" Lower-case u love boobs."
Insecurity,Marcus,How did you know that?
Insecurity,Cartman,My password is uloveboobs!
Insecurity,Marcus,Oh oh I get it. That's pretty funny.
Insecurity,Cartman,"You, it's fucking hilarious! Now can you shut off my INsecurity please?!"
Insecurity,Marcus,"Sure, here you go. [gets to resetting the system]"
Insecurity,Cartman,"Okay. So anyway, Kyle, you'd better watch ih-! [notices Kyle is gone, but looks around] Kyle? God damn it."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, day. The men are back in the bar"
Insecurity,Randy,"And then I had to drive to Walgreens, Barnes & Noble AND Ace Hardware. I tell you, having to go around and buy stuff again sucks."
Insecurity,Stuart,"Yeah, but at least we never have to deal with that UPS driver again."
Insecurity,Jimbo,[bursts through the front doors] He's back!
Insecurity,Stephen,What?!
Insecurity,Jimbo,[runs to the bar] I just came from Will Patterson's house! His mother got three packages from Amazon! And the UPS guy told her what he'd like to do to her!
Insecurity,Stephen,How?
Insecurity,Jimbo,"He casually dropped this on his way out! [whips out a sheet of paper, and the other men gather to have a look. It's Ike's drawing]"
Insecurity,Randy,[low voice] Oh my God! [now he and the men think the UPS man has made copies of that drawing and is dropping them off at every house]
Insecurity,Mechanic,"Didn't kill 'im, did ya? [the other men turn around] Yea', I didn't think you had it in ya."
Insecurity,Randy,We scared him! We thought that'd be enough!
Insecurity,Mechanic,Milkman don't get scared. Not with free pussy at every doorstep.
Insecurity,Scene Description,"A stakeout. Someone is looking at the UPS man deliver a package through binoculars. A woman answers the door, takes her package from the UPS man, and closes the door. The UPS man looks around to make sure no one is out to hurt him any further. He goes to his truck, then checks under it to make sure it hasn't been rigged with a bomb, then he looks around once more"
Insecurity,Stephen,"Son of a bitch, it's him all right!"
Insecurity,Randy,This guy doesn't know when to quit!
Insecurity,Stephen,"He's stopping at another house. [the UPS man stops his truck, gets down with a new package, and goes to the next house, looking around]"
Insecurity,Steve Black,Guess this guy's a lot tougher than we thought. Must be why our wives want him so bad.
Insecurity,Randy,"[his INsecurity goes off] Sorry sorry, that's me. [gets the call] Hello?"
Insecurity,Alvin,This is Alvin with INsecurity. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,Randy,"Yeah, sorry, false alarm. Pass phrase is tickle me homo. [the other men glance at him] It's a joke."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day, living room. Kyle sits on the sofa between his parents"
Insecurity,Kyle,"Mom, Dad, you've always taught me that being direct and honest is a basic Jewish tenet."
Insecurity,Sheila,"That's right, Kyle."
Insecurity,Kyle,"And that applies to all of us, doesn't it? Even though it's convenient to have things done for you, sometimes it's best to deal with it yourself. [the doorbell rings and he sighs deeply, then goes to answer it. The UPS man is on the other side of the door]"
Insecurity,UPS man,"Uhh, hi, I got a delivery for ya?"
Insecurity,Kyle,"Yeah. Come in for a minute, would you?"
Insecurity,UPS man,What?
Insecurity,Kyle,"Please? I need you to come sit down for a second. [puzzled, the UPS man comes in and sits down on the armchair. Kyle returns to his spot between his parents, and silence follows for a couple of seconds] So... Here we all are. Mom, do you want to tell Dad something? [she stays quiet] Mom?"
Insecurity,UPS man,What's going on?
Insecurity,Kyle,"You know God damned well what's going on! This ends right now! We are a family, and you need to go somewhere else!"
Insecurity,UPS man,"Don't you think I want to?! [his UPS truck is shown in the background] I hate this damned town! Every day, things just keep getting weirder around here, and I'm just about sick of it![Randy and Stephen run out from behind the truck, and a few seconds later it blows up] Aaah! [runs to a window] Oh my God! [gets the call and answers it] Hello?"
Insecurity,Brian,"This is Brian with INsecurity, is everything all right?"
Insecurity,UPS man,No! They blew up my car! They blew up my car!
Insecurity,Brian,I'm sending help. Police are on their way with blankets and cocoa.
Insecurity,UPS man,[goes up the stairs] They're after me again! Do something!
Insecurity,Brian,"Ho- hold on one second, sir, I have another emergency coming in. [switches calls] This is Brian with INsecurity, is everything all right?"
Insecurity,Cartman,"[in the perfume section of a store, with a saleswoman behind the counter] Yeah, no, false alarm again. I'm in the store and some fat bitch asked me if my dad likes cologne."
Insecurity,Gerald,[opens the front door] What the hell's goin' on out here?! [Stephen and Jimbo lie in wait for the UPS man]
Insecurity,Jimbo,"Stay out of this, Gerald! Some men care about what their wives are doing!"
Insecurity,Gerald,"What?! You don't even have a wife, Jimbo! [Jimbo's INsecurity goes off, his phone rings, and he answers it]"
Insecurity,UPS man,[trying again to call INsecurity] Somebody answer me! You have to send help now!
Insecurity,Martin,"Sir, we are sending help. Just stay calm. [another call comes in] Hang on sir, this is Martin with INsecurity."
Insecurity,Randy,"[on the phone] Yeah, I'm thinking maybe Gerald's house is nicer than mine is."
Insecurity,Martin,"Hello, this is Martin with INsecu-"
Insecurity,Cartman,"[outside a store] God damn it I've had it with you people! When I signed up, I thought I was getting CSI guys protecting my ass, but all of you answering the phones are complete retards![Martin is swamped with calls. Another one comes in] Hello? [his own INsecurity has gone off]"
Insecurity,Mike,This is Mike with INsecurity. Is everything all right?
Insecurity,UPS man,[in the master bedroom] Hello?!
Insecurity,Kyle,"[sees the open door and goes in] Dude, come down here!"
Insecurity,UPS man,[panics] AAAAH! [jumps through the closed window to his death] Uf. [everyone else looks. Police arrive shortly with blankets and cocoa.]
Insecurity,Sgt. Yates,So you say this man killed himself because he was a psychopath who was forced to have sex with his mother? [holds a sheet of paper in his hand]
Insecurity,Stephen,"Yes, we found that in his pocket. [points to the sheet, which the captain holds up. It's... Ike's drawing again]"
Insecurity,Officer,"Sir, we found this in the closet upstairs? [It's the UPS uniform Gerald uses in roleplaying]"
Insecurity,Gerald,"Yes, that's mine."
Insecurity,Randy,Yours? What?
Insecurity,Sheila,[rips the uniform from the officer] Give me that! What we do in our bedroom is our business!
Insecurity,Kyle,"Wait a minute, Dad was the UPS man?"
Insecurity,Gerald,"Uhh, Kyle, uh sometimes when people get older they need to play and pretend to keep things interesting. Iiit's just a way I can still be intimate with your mother without relying on silly sexual enhancement drugs. [all the other men's alarms go off, their phones ring, and they all answer them]"
Insecurity,The men,Hello?
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, night. The men return to the bar and find the mechanic at his table again"
Insecurity,Randy,It's over. But you were wrong. We don't have to be afraid of Amazon. The only price to be paid for convenience is that we must be secure with ourselves.
Insecurity,Mechanic,"Yea'. Got yourselves some nice home security systems, don'tcha? Payin' a man to do your job of protecting your house. Only problem is, while you're out feelin' like your things are safe, that security man is fucking your wife."
Insecurity,Scene Description,"Address 10228, day. The security agent is at the house talking to a woman"
Insecurity,Security agent,"Doors and windows should be armed and your motion detectors are up and running, just call me whenever you need me back. [the woman closes her door and the agent goes back to his van. He gets in and sits down, preparing to drive. A gun pops up next to him, and he's alarmed.] Ah! Who are you??"
Insecurity,Cartman,"[in Bane mask] It doesn't matter who we are, what matters is our plan. You should have respected my authoritay. [the men return in Bane masks to haul the agent out and beat him up]"
Insecurity,Security agent,Hoo!
Going Native,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School Cafeteria, day. The kids are seated for lunch. At the center table are Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Token, Clyde and Craig. Cartman runs in from the hallway"
Going Native,Cartman,FELLAS! Fellas!
Going Native,Stan,What?
Going Native,Cartman,You'll never guess what happened. Butters just beat up Scott Malkinson!
Going Native,Kyle,Butters? [He and Stan look puzzled] Why?
Going Native,Cartman,"It was crazy! Scott was just talking about how he needed to take his insulin shot, and out of nowhere Butters said he's sick of people with diabetes feeling sorry for themselves. Scott told Butters to shut up and Butters just started whaling on him!"
Going Native,Stan,You're talking about Butters.
Going Native,Cartman,"Dude, I'm telling you! Butters beat the crap out of Scott, and then he locked himself in the bathroom! [The other boys get concerned and leave their tables to go to the restroom]"
Going Native,Scene Description,The restroom around the corner from the cafeteria. Jimmy has joined the boys. Stan bangs on the door
Going Native,Stan,Butters?
Going Native,Butters,Leave me alone!
Going Native,Stan,"Butters, come out here."
Going Native,Butters,"Get out of here, all of ya! [Stan turns to the other boys and shrugs]"
Going Native,Kyle,"Butters, people can't just go around beating up people who have diabetes! Now whatever your problem is, you just-"
Going Native,Butters,"[Runs out of the restroom up to Kyle and points at him] You just think you know everything, don't you Kyle?! Every little thing you gotta shoot your mouth off like you're the frickin' expert! Well you don't know everything because [walks to Stan and points him out] your best friend is a kid who thinks the entire planet revolves around him and he only cares about HIS image! [runs back inside the boys room, then turns around and runs to Cartman] You guys think Cartman is the only selfish piece of crap in this school? You're all fake and stuck up [moves over to Jimmy], and none of you have the courage to tell Jimmy that his jokes aren't funny! [moves over to Kenny] The only kid here with any sense of dignity is Kenny, and the rest of you have your heads up your butts! [Runs back into the restroom and locks himself in. The other boys are stunned and silent]"
Going Native,Cartman,"Well. Apparently Kenny is Butters' best friend. You guys gonna make out, Kenny? [Kenny flashes an angry look]"
Going Native,Butters,[Runs out of the restroom again and storms up to Cartman] AND THAT'S ANOTHER THING! You're always trivializing everything I say by gettin' the last word! [Cartman looks stunned]Well you're not gettin' the last word this time! [Runs back into the boys restroom and locks himself in]
Going Native,Cartman,...Wow.
Going Native,Butters,[Opens the door and peeks out] Double wow! [Closes the door and locks it]
Going Native,Scene Description,"The principal's office, Day. Principal Victoria is talking to Butters and his parents."
Going Native,Principal Victoria,"I'm sorry, but your son is distracting the other students and his attitude is just getting worse."
Going Native,Stephen,"Butters, what on earth has gotten into you?!"
Going Native,Butters,"[In a gruff voice] I don't know, Dad, ah I was just pissed off, I guess!"
Going Native,Linda,Do you think this behavior is fair to your teacher and classmates?!
Going Native,Butters,"I don't suppose it is, but I don't give a darn!"
Going Native,Stephen,"Do you have any idea how grounded you are about to be, mister?!"
Going Native,Butters,"Why don't you shut up, Dad, and stick it in your ear, for cryin' out loud! [Both parents look taken aback as a moment of silence follows]"
Going Native,Linda,"[looks at Stephen] Stephen, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Going Native,Stephen,Yes. Our little Butters is flowering. He has reached the age of panua.
Going Native,Principal Victoria,Eh-excuse me?
Going Native,Stephen,"Principal Victoria, this isn't Butters' fault."
Going Native,Butters,It's not?!
Going Native,Stephen,It has to do with... biology. [turns right and walks off a bit] You've... maybe noticed that Butters isn't... exactly like other kids.
Going Native,Butters,Yeah?
Going Native,Stephen,You probably think Butters seems somehow... different.
Going Native,Butters,"[normal voice] Hey yeah, all the time."
Going Native,Stephen,It's because he is. [Turns around and faces Principal Victoria] His mother and I... his whole family were... we're not of this place.
Going Native,Principal Victoria,"Ah I'm sorry, I really don't understand."
Going Native,Stephen,"Please, just try to understand that for our people it's a very private matter. He can't be helped by your discipline; this must be dealt with by his own kind. If it's all right with you, we'd like an extended leave for our boy. Please. It's a cultural thing."
Going Native,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, day. Stephen and Linda argue as Butters sits on the couch"
Going Native,Linda,"I don't want him to go, Stephen, he's too young!"
Going Native,Stephen,"It's our people's way, Linda, you know that better than I do!"
Going Native,Linda,Then we can go with him.
Going Native,Stephen,You know that's not allowed!
Going Native,Butters,Will somebody tell me what the frickity fookshmere is goin' on?!
Going Native,Stephen,"Butters, you've reached the age where you must journey to your birthplace for the ceremony of hapa noa."
Going Native,Butters,Uhbu-but I'm from here.
Going Native,Stephen,"No. We moved here just before you started pre-school. You were born in our native land, Butters. [Walks to a bookshelf and grabs a scrapbook] A distant and very secluded island world called... Hava'i."
Going Native,Butters,We're from Hawaii?
Going Native,Stephen,"[Sits on the sofa next to Butters. Linda sits to his left] Only haoles pronounce it Hawaii, Butters, but those of us from Hava'i are a very special people. We have many customs and traditions to keep our culture alive. [Opens the book and points some pictures out to him] We drink chi-chi's from the coconut. We eat poke that the Safeway provides. And when we've chosen a mate, we marry at the fern grotto, as your mother and I did so... very long ago. As a Stotch, Butters, you are actually Hawaiian royalty. Your grandma and grandpa were there at the time of the King. [Flips backwards a few pages and shows him a picture of Elvis Presley playing a ukulele with a picture of Diamondhead in the background.]"
Going Native,Butters,But what does being Hawaiian have to do with me acting like an emo chick on her period?
Going Native,Stephen,"Not an emo chick on her period, Butters. Like a salmon needing to swim back upriver. All Hawaiians feel it. It is called ""hapahui apahoha"", and it means it's now your time to make your trip to our island home. You must do your walkabout to your homeland, Butters. And you must do it alone. [Linda stands up and starts crying. Stephen stands up and takes out his wallet] Take this, son. It is our Mahalo Rewards card. It will provide you with all you need. And now I must turn my back on you. [He turns his back to Butters. Linda weeps silently. Butters is speechless]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. The boys from the table are playing basketball, and Jimmy joins in. Kenny tosses the basketball at Kyle, who makes a shot, and Cartman runs up to them from the sidewalk. Stan catches the ball"
Going Native,Cartman,"Holy shit balls! Holy shit balls! Guess what, you guys? Holy shit balls. [The other boys gather around him]"
Going Native,Kyle,What?
Going Native,Cartman,Butters just got on a bus with his backpack and said he's going to Hawaii.
Going Native,Stan,Hawaii?
Going Native,Cartman,"He said he had to go back to his homeland, and then told me it was none of my business and to keep my fat mouth shut."
Going Native,Kyle,"Dude, what the hell? Somebody's gotta stop him."
Going Native,Stan,"[Turns to the basket] After all the things he said to us, he can go ahead. [Makes a shot at close range]"
Going Native,Kyle,"Kenny, you're clearly his best friend. Go stop him."
Going Native,Kenny,(I'm not his best friend.)
Going Native,Cartman,"Yeah, Mr. Perfect, go rescue Butters so he can lick your balls some more. [Kenny sighs and walks away with his head down.]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"The airport, day. Kenny arrives and walks into the Alpha Air terminal. He sees Butters seated on a seat in an empty row, with two suitcases at his feet. He's sobbing. Kenny walks over"
Going Native,Kenny,"(Butters, come on.)"
Going Native,Butters,"They won't let me on the plane. Why, I can't do anything right! [Kenny takes one suitcase and Butters' right hand, Butters takes the other suitcase, and they walk. Suddenly Butters stops and pulls his hand away] No, no! I have to go to Hawaii, Kenny! I have no idea what's waiting there for me, but I guh, I can't go on like this! [Kenny sighs, then takes Butters to the teller]"
Going Native,Kenny,"(Excuse me, he needs to go to Hawaii.)"
Going Native,Teller,"I already told him, I can't allow anyone on the aircraft who appears to be intoxicated."
Going Native,Butters,"I'm not intoxicated, you skank! I'm just ""deligerent"" because of my hapanuanalua!"
Going Native,Kenny,"(Please, could you just let him on the plane? It's really important. Please?)"
Going Native,Teller,"Tell you what: there's plenty of points on his Mahalo Rewards card. If you wanna fly with him, I can let him go."
Going Native,Kenny,(Me?)
Going Native,Butters,Can't you see I'm in horrible pain?! Do you have any idea what-?!
Going Native,Kenny,"[Puts his hand over Butters mouth to shut him up] (Okay, okay! I'll go.) [Scene cuts to the plane flying towards Hawaii]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"Lihu'e Airport, Kaua'i, Runway B-5. The plane lands and Butters and Kenny enter the terminal. Butters has picked up his bags"
Going Native,Butters,"[Slowly, as he looks around] Well, we're here, now what do I do? [Kenny points to the information officer nearby, and they walk to him]"
Going Native,Officer,Can I help you with anything?
Going Native,Butters,"Uh yeah, I uh, I'm not sure where I'm supposed to go?"
Going Native,Officer,"Okay, were you with a cruise ship or land tour group?"
Going Native,Butters,"Oh, ah, I'm not a tourist. I'm a native Hawaiian. [The officer just looks at him. A group of Americans approaches him]"
Going Native,Blond man,Butters Stotch?
Going Native,Butters,Yeah?
Going Native,Blond man,"Welcome home, young keiki. Your parents said you would be coming for your ceremony. [Notices Kenny] Ah- uh, who's this?"
Going Native,Butters,"Oh thi-this is my friend, Kenny."
Going Native,Older woman,"Butters, native Hawaiians don't really approve of haoles coming to their ceremonies."
Going Native,Butters,"Oh please, i-if it weren't for him I couldn't have come."
Going Native,Blond man,"Very well, we shall speak with the chief of our island and see. Come now. [Everyone leaves]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"En route to the chief, day. They go down the road, all packed into an SUV."
Going Native,Butters,You folks are all native Hawaiians too?
Going Native,Older man,"[Driving] Yes. My wife Patty and I have been coming to Kaua'i for almost five years, and Bill and Donna actually own a time share in Poipu."
Going Native,Donna,"Yes, but Poipu is getting pretty overrun with tourists, I'm afraid."
Going Native,Blond man,"[Leans to the right, behind the older man] Let us eat."
Going Native,Older man,"Oh yea, let us eat. [They stop at Kuwahara Saimin's drive-through] Aloha, five order of saimin, please."
Going Native,Butters,"What's ""saimin""?"
Going Native,Patty,It's one of the foods of our people.
Going Native,Older man,"Oh, I get 20% off, I'm a native. Here's my Mahalo Rewards card. [The cashier notes the card and takes the cash, the older man takes the food, and they're off.] Mahalo. [They soon find themselves behind a slow car with the passenger taking pictures of the scenery. The older man honks.] Come on, you frickin' tourist! Jesus, buy a post card! [Stops and points out a building] These are the ancient ruins of our ancestors. [It's the Coco Palms, long abandoned.] They say the spirit of the king is still in there."
Going Native,Blond man,You must stay away from this place. It is kapu.
Going Native,Brunet man,"Kapu. that means ""taboo"", [points to Kenny] especially to haoles! [they drive off]"
Going Native,Older man,"Uh that there is Bubba's Burgers. [Scene shows Bubba's Burgers] In Havai'i us natives say ""Bubba's Bruk"". [they pass by a big hotel] Here's the Sheraton, just another megahotel for the throngs of tourists. Here's where many of us natives live. The Sheraton Residences. [A gated community is shown. The Older Man flashes his Mahalo Rewards card to the guard] It's all right, we're natives. [The guard opens the gate and lets them in. They arrive at the chief's residence and step out to talk to him] Protector and Chief, I present to you the keiki, Butters Stotch."
Going Native,Chief,"Ah, Stephen and Linda's child. Last time I saw you, you were the size of a coconut. Who's the haole?"
Going Native,Scene Description,"Kenny's room at the Residences, night. He sits by the open window with a lit candle, a pencil and a sheet of paper. He begins to write."
Going Native,Kenny,"My dearest friends,:I am living amongst the natives in the remote and tiny island of Kava'i. What can I tell you of this mysterious island and its people? It is a place of wonder, and yet to the outsider like me, a place of odd tradition. The people here are peaceful and joyous, and seem to care little for the rush and worry of the outside world. Their diet is mostly an odd mixture of coconut milk, pineapple juice, and vodka, which they call the chi-chi. As for Butters, he is quickly learning the ways of his ancestors, and seems to be feeling better with every passing day. He still seems quite angry at times, but luckily his ceremony will finally take place on the morrow."
Going Native,Scene Description,"As he writes, the following scenes are shown: First, the Safeway supermarket. The people greet each other with a fist, with pinky and thumb extended. Next, three kids are playing in a pool while Donna enjoys her chi-chi and the older couple sit on chaise longues in the background. Next, Kenny is at the bar order a chi-chi. Next, Butters learns how to play bocce ball. Next, Stan reads the letter to Cartman and Kyle"
Going Native,Stan,"[reading the letter] ""On the morrow""? What the fuck is wrong with Kenny?"
Going Native,Kenny,"To wit, I have found nothing wrong with this remote place, and I must admit it will be with some melancholy that I will leave this island and return home. I saw this chick in a bikini on the beach too. She had the nicest boobs ever. Humbly yours, Kenneth."
Going Native,Scene Description,"A luau, day. All the natives are in line for lunch before the ceremony begins. Butters stands on a platform before the chief while Kenny watches on"
Going Native,Chief,"In the time-honored traditions of our ancestors, we honor the native Hawaiian Butters Stotch with his hapa noa. [everyone cheers and and woman slips a necklace onto his neck] The shark-tooth necklace represents your connection to our island. [a horn blower comes in with a conch shell and blows into it... badly] Now drink the chi-chi! [Patty walks over with a glass of it and gives it to Butters, who begins to drink it through a straw.]"
Going Native,Butters,"[turns right and coughs, then] Whoa, it's like gasoline!"
Going Native,Chief,"Drink, young keiki, and you will feel the last of your aggression melt away."
Going Native,Butters,"[Finishes the rest of the drink, then stumbles just a little bit and smiles] Hey, uh now I do feel butter, uh better."
Going Native,Chief,"O spirits of ancestors, we ask that you bless this native Hawaiian with his hapa noa! We ask that you-"
Going Native,Blond man,"[runs in] Listen! [climbs onto a table] Listen everyone! I have terrible, horrible news!"
Going Native,Chief,Do you realize that you are interrupting a hapa noa?
Going Native,Blond man,I've just come from the front office! The Mahalo Rewards card is... [chokes]
Going Native,Chief,What?! What has happened? Speak!
Going Native,Blond man,The Mahalo Rewards card is being eliminated! They're trying to say our points are... are... no longer going to be accepted.
Going Native,Chief,[Rises from his chair and walks to his left] I knew one day it would come to this.
Going Native,Patty,To what? What does this mean?
Going Native,Chief,The haoles are trying to do away with us.
Going Native,Resident 1,"With no rewards program, there will be no distinction between who's a native to this island and who isn't!"
Going Native,Resident 2,Why can't you people respect our island? Why do you always want nore?!
Going Native,Chief,"I'm sorry keiki, your hapa noa will have to wait! For we must unite together as never before! It is time to show the haoles that this is our island! [this draws cheers from everyone]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"A seaside golf course, day. A cruise ship is some distance from the shore when it blows its horn. A group of natives stand by their golf balls"
Going Native,Chief,"[Yelling at the ship] Stop ruining our island, haoles! FIRE! [The natives fire away into the ocean. Some of the golf balls land in the water, some of them reach the ship]"
Going Native,First Mate,What are they doing? [The passengers are being pelted with golf balls.]
Going Native,Chief,[Walks over to Butters and gives him a club] Take a swing! Let them know they are not welcome!
Going Native,Butters,I've never done this before. [Gets into position]
Going Native,Chief,It's all right. Just try to tap into that anger that's inside you.
Going Native,Butters,"Aim... my anger! Stupid [Swings successfully] Ben Affleck! [The golf ball sails through the air and enters the bridge, smashing through the window and the captain's binoculars. The first mate shrieks] Waaah! [The captain stumbles onto a controller and breaks it with sheer momentum. The ship begins to pitch back and sink. Passengers begin to tumble towards the water. Butters is dumbfounded. The ship breaks in two]"
Going Native,Man,Hold on! [The golf club just falls out of Butters' left hand] Hold on!
Going Native,Woman,Oh I can't! I can't! I can't hold on!
Going Native,Man,I love you! I love you!
Going Native,Woman,No! I love you! I love you back! [The ship vanishes below the water]
Going Native,Scene Description,Breaking News
Going Native,Announcer,This is breaking news!
Going Native,Anchor,"An insurrection in the Hawaiian Islands has escalated to war! After sinking a cruise ship, the natives of Kauai continue to go berserk, forcing all tourists off their island."
Going Native,Man 1,They just pushed us onto airplanes and said we weren't welcome anymore!
Going Native,Woman 1,Then a little boy called me a skank.
Going Native,Anchor,"[A picture of Barack Obama appears over his shoulder] The President says he will send the Coast Guard to take the island back, though he sympathizes, being a native Hawaiian himself. [Thinks about it for a second] Hm."
Going Native,Scene Description,"The ceremonial plaza, day."
Going Native,Chief,Are all the tourists gone from our island?
Going Native,Resident 3,All but a few who are hiding out at Duke's Restaurant. We sent Bob and Trisha Turner to smoke them out.
Going Native,Resident 4,What about him?
Going Native,Kenny,(What about me?)
Going Native,Resident 4,He's a tourist and he knows everything! We have to kill him!
Going Native,Butters,"[Jumps in front of Kenny to shield him] No! Kenny's my friend! He's the only kid at school I actually like, you buncha jerks!"
Going Native,Chief,"Be careful young keiki, your anger still controls you because we were not able to finish the ceremony. Perhaps we should finish it now."
Going Native,Resident 4,"Finish his ceremony?! We are at war, David! I have lived on this island for ten years. Ten years! Every July and part of August! And I can tell you all that what we are about to face from the haoles is nothing short of genocide!"
Going Native,Resident 5,"He's right, David. We can't trust any tourists."
Going Native,Butters,"He won't betray us! Will you, Kenny?!"
Going Native,Kenny,"(No, I'm not going to fucking betray anybody!)"
Going Native,Resident 6,Then let him prove himself! Trial by opahika'a!
Going Native,Chief David,He's only a child!
Going Native,Resident 4,"If he wants to be one of us, then he must face the challenge!"
Going Native,Chief David,"Very well. [The horn blower, Resident 5, returns to blow the conch shell]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"On the bank of a river flowing by the Residences, day. David and Butters are there with the rest of the residents in the background, and Kenny is..."
Going Native,Blond man,This isn't right! He's not a native! He's gonna get killed!
Going Native,Butters,"Kenny, be careful!"
Going Native,Chief David,Quiet. He must face this challenge alone. [Kenny is on a surfboard on the river using a small paddle to get somewhere]
Going Native,Resident 1,By the gods! Perhaps he has the heart of a native after all!
Going Native,Resident 4,"He still has yet to make the turn! [Kenny reaches a buoy in the middle of the river and paddles around it, then makes his way back to the riverbank.]"
Going Native,Residents,Hohhh!
Going Native,Resident 7,"[A little tipsy from his drink] That's pretty good. [Kenny slows down, then loses his balance and falls into the river]"
Going Native,Kenny,(Whoops!)
Going Native,Butters,Kenny!
Going Native,Residents,Awwwww. [A second later they all turn away and leave. Butters stays at the riverbank.]
Going Native,Resident 4,[To another Resident] I told you a haole couldn't do it!
Going Native,Chief David,Did you make the turn your first try? Did any of us? [Kenny pops up behind them and floats down the river]
Going Native,Resident 8,"[A woman, walks up to Butters] Don't worry, Butters, your friend will find a way back to his kind. The gods will protect him. [She extends her left hand and guides him away]"
Going Native,Scene Description,"Kenny looks downriver and sees a waterfall. He panics and quickly dog paddles away from it, but the current overwhelms him and he goes over. He bumps into several rocks, each bigger than the last, on his way down, head first"
Going Native,Scene Description,"Smith's Tropical Paradise, day. David has assembled the residents into this building and now talks to them"
Going Native,Chief David,"We have called for this great meeting because if we are to survive this war, all the native Hawaiian tribes must join as one!"
Going Native,Resident 9,We're not joining the people of the Hyatt Grand Vacations! They have no rights to call themselves natives!
Going Native,Vacationer 1,Oh and you do?! Your ancestors came on an airplane six months ago! Our ancestors sailed here! On a cruise ship! Nine months ago!
Going Native,Chief David,"Look, if we are to fight the haoles, we have to allow all natives to stay!"
Going Native,Canyoner,"It doesn't matter how many tribes we have, we can't win! We are but a few against the haole's military might! We may have passion, but passion does not win wars!"
Going Native,Chief David,"Oh no? Come up here, keiki. Come on. [Butters gets on stage with David] This child sunk a cruise ship by himself! Tell them keiki. [Hands the mic to Butters]"
Going Native,Butters,"Well I don't know about the rest of ya, but I'm sick and tired of bein' pushed around all the time! I came all the way down here for my hapa noa ceremony, and I can't even have it, 'cause the fucking haoles have to ruin everything!"
Going Native,Resident 9,Yeah!
Going Native,Vacationer 1,Screw them!
Going Native,Butters,"Well if you ask me, the only good haole is a dead haole! With a, with a stick up his butthole, and his wiener cut off! Rraahhhh!"
Going Native,Chief David,Let us make a pact with more chi-chis!
Going Native,Resident 10,"[goes to serve himself some more chi-chi from the barrels, but finds there isn't any] Um, we're... we're out of chi-chis."
Going Native,Resident 11,"Oh, right, we've closed off all the ports."
Going Native,Resident 12,"But they're still letting vodka through, right? Uh... they can't cut off our chi-chis."
Going Native,Chief David,...Oh my God.
Going Native,Scene Description,"Downriver, day. Kenny crawls onto the riverbank, coughs, and looks up. He's across the road from Coco Palms. He stands up and walks towards it. He looks around and heads in, but first waits for a bunch of bats to fly out of the cavernous entrance. Meanwhile, offshore, the U.S. Coast Guard shows up in force to deal with the natives"
Going Native,Captain,"This is the U.S. Coast Guard! We have instructions to take you by force, if necessary!"
Going Native,Chief David,"[heading up a large group of natives] Ready? Fire! [the natives fire off their golf balls, but none of them have any effect on the Coast Guard]"
Going Native,Captain,"[Lowers his binoculars, then flatly] Fire. [The ships' guns fire away and decimate many of the natives]"
Going Native,Chief David,Arm the bocce balls! [Surviving natives arm bocce balls into slingshots stretched between palm trees. One of them lands on the main ship with a heavy thud]
Going Native,Captain,God damn it.
Going Native,Chief David,Keep fighting! Stand your ground!
Going Native,Resident 4,We can't fight without chi-chis!
Going Native,Chief David,You can and you MUST!
Going Native,Butters,[He has six golf balls in front of him and he hits each one towards the Coast Guard] Stupid! Greedy! Haoles! Kill! Them! All!
Going Native,Scene Description,"Kenny walks through the Coco Palms, which is dark and spooky. A voice is soon heard, and Kenny stops in his tracks. He turns and runs away, but steps onto a patch covering a hole on the floor and falls in. He recovers and looks up to see the shining ghost of Elvis Presley. He beckons Kenny to follow him, mumbling just like Kenny does."
Going Native,The King,"Come on, come on. [Mumbles a few more things as they walk towards a door. Elvis stops and pulls a lever, and a wall rises to reveal loads of absolute vodka, pineapple juice, coconut milk, and macadamia nut liqueur, all the ingredients needed for chi-chis. Elvis walks up to the doorway and motions to Kenny] You know what chi-chis are, right?"
Going Native,Scene Description,"The Residences, day, on the ceremonial plaza, Chief David admits defeat"
Going Native,Chief David,"Listen everyone, we gave it all we had. It's over. We must go down to Nowiliwili Harbor, and surrender to the American government."
Going Native,Butters,"[Runs onto the plaza] Surrender?! No, the heck with that!"
Going Native,Resident 4,We can't hold out here any longer!
Going Native,Butters,"Well I won't do it, you hear me?! I'm not licking anybody's... testes!"
Going Native,Chief David,"Young keiki, try to control your anger."
Going Native,Butters,"No! This is our home! And I'm sick of everyone who thinks they're better than me just 'cause they've got good looks, and just 'cause, even after massacring Daredevil, they happen to come back and hit a home run that everyone likes! You shouldn't be able to be good-looking and be with Jennifer Lopez and be a good director! [Turns around and walks away] All right all right fine! Argo is a good movie! There, I admitted it! I told people that it didn't hold up, but it holds up god darn it! Ben Affleck has everything, GRAGH!"
Going Native,Resident 13,"Everyone! Look, I say! [Everyone comes to see, and it's Kenny coming back with a raft full of absolute vodka, pineapple juice, coconut milk, and macadamia nut liqueur. Everyone cheers him on]"
Going Native,Resident 14,The haole did it!
Going Native,Kenny,"My dear friends of the mainland,:What adventures I have found on the tiny island of Kava'i. I have truly become one with the natives, who found new courage to fight their oppressors."
Going Native,Chief David,We are not surrendering today! Go back and tell your leaders that we will fight them until the end! [Everyone cheers]
Going Native,Captain,"You people just don't give up, do ya?"
Going Native,Kenny,"The American government finally gave in to the natives and had the Mahalo Rewards cards reinstated. Our two cultures, it appears, will once again live in peace."
Going Native,Scene Description,"Everyone cheers, even the Coast Guard captain"
Going Native,Kenny,"With the war at an end, our Butters is able to have his hapa noa ceremony. And with any help from the gods, become his old cheery self again."
Going Native,Scene Description,"The hapa noa ceremony, day. Butters will finally become a full-fledged member of his tribe"
Going Native,Chief David,"And so it is with great honor that we recognize these two natives with their hapa noa. Take your cards, boys. [Two women come up and give them their cards] Apuiloa hapnanoaha! Hapa'a'a hohaaa! [Resident 5 returns to blow the conch shell a third time.] It's finally over, young keiki. Is your anger at rest?"
Going Native,Butters,"[He thinks for a moment] Yeah, I guess so. Except it still doesn't change the fact that Ben Affleck gets to be handsome, talented, and then gets to go home and kiss Jennifer Lopez."
Going Native,Resident 15,"Ben Affleck isn't with Jennifer Lopez anymore, he's married to Jennifer Gardner."
Going Native,Residents,"Yeah, it's true, uh huh."
Going Native,Butters,"What? Really? But I thought I was totally jealous of him. He's just married to Jennifer Gardner? Oh my God, I feel so much better. [smiles with relief]"
Going Native,Kenny,(You do?)
Going Native,Butters,"Yeah, ogh, I like that Ben Affleck guy. He's a good filmmaker. Come on, Kenny, I guess I owe the kids at school an apology. [He and Kenny walk off into the sunset] Did you see Argo, Kenny? It's a pretty good movie. Ben Affleck has a lot goin' for him. Not everything, but a lot. Whoopie!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Sharon is carving a pumpkin at the dining room table, Shelly and Stan work on making the pie filling. Randy enters the house with gifts."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,[excitedly] Hellooo family! [closes the door] Who wants champagne? [puts the gifts on the sofa]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"[meeting him at the sofa] Randy, what is all this? [Stan and Shelly follow]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"It's finally happened, Sharon! [makes to fists and draws them to his chest] I did it! [raises his fists up and lowers them quickly, then opens the gifts. He gives the first one to Sharon] Here you are, my lady. A brand new leather coat, pour vous."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"[happily] Oho, Randy, it's beautiful!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"[proudly] And some gifts for the kids too. After all, we're rich now."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,[gets his gift] We're rich?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shelly,[gets her gift] Finally.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"Randy, are you being serious? [smiles]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,I just wanted to wait until the deal was all finished. We are going into business for ourselves! You are all looking at the new owner of Blockbuster Video! [Sharon frowns]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,[somewhat confused] Blockbuster Video?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Last week, I saw it was up for sale. On a fluke I asked how much. $10,000! Can you believe it?! We have the entire business! And we can watch movies whenever we want! Come on, you guys wanna see it?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"On the road, day, under some ominous clouds. Randy drives him family out of town"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"You're gonna love it, Sharon. It is in pristine condition."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,I just wish you'd have talked to me before spending all our money.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Sharon, it was $10,000 for the entire place! It wasn't gonna last! Don't worry, we'll make the money back in a week. Guaranteed. You excited, Stan?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Huh? Sorry, I'm watching a movie on my iPad. [they reach their destination and exit the car, and have a look at the place]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Well? There she is. [a building in the middle of a parking lot, looking nice, but silent.] It's a new beginning for us! [takes out the key to the building and goes to the front doors to open the store up. The others follow.]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shelly,[staying by the car] I don't wanna go in there.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,Shelly come on!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,Blockbuster Video. The store is dark. A mouse runs past as the camera pans from left to right. Randy opens the door and they all enter. Randy flips on the switches.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Can you believe it? Completely turnkey! [walks towards the shelves while his family stays by the front doors.] Yo got your sci-fi, comedies, buddy flicks, chick flicks, all on Blu-ray or DVD! [returns] Well, what do you think?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,It's awesome. You should try to get it on that Ancient Civilizations show so that people can see how cultures used to live.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Oh hahahaha, I get it. Blockbuster is so out of date it's ancient. Haha Sharon, okay I get it."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,I didn't say anything.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"You were thinking it. But you're wrong. The average person still wants to rent movies they can hold in their hands. We're gonna have customers up our ass Sharon, UP OUR ASS."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,FRIDAY
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Randy waits behind the counter for his first customer. Sharon is reading a book, Stan is watching something on his iPad, and Shelly is sorting the DVDs out."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"How many uh, how many copies of Meet The Fockers do we have in stock, Shelly?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shelly,"Six. [picks up another DVD from a stack] We still, have, SIX. [turns and puts it on a shelf with more copies of the DVD]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Okay good, that's... that should that should be good... Shelly."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,SATURDAY
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,There's still no business at the store. A red rubber ball bounces towards the front door
A Nightmare on Face Time,Boy,"Go get it, Fillmore! [the boys are on a low cliff across the street.]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Fillmore,"No way, I ain't goin' neer that place. Yeeeyou go get it. [they panic as the front door opens. Randy picks up the ball and sees them]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Hey, you kids lookin' to rent some DVDs?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Boy,What's he talkin' about rentin' a divadee?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,[annoyed] Oh I get it. Blockbuster's so old it's creepy! Haha! Nobody rents movies anymore! [raises his arms as if to grab something] People just don't know we're open yet!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Fillmore and Friend,AAAAAH! [turn right and run off]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,[throws the ball back across the street.] Little fucking pricks. [goes back inside and closes the door.]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,TUESDAY
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Randy walks through the store until he passes an aisle with a woman in it, then steps back and approaches her"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Hello, welcome to Blockbuster! [the shopper looks through the TV series boxed sets] Can I help you find something?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shopper,I can't find... [turns her head to face Randy] Turner & Hooch. [turns back to the videos] Where's Turner & Hooch?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Oh, ah, I believe we have that over in the uh-"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shopper,Aahh... [her voice echoes as she dissolves into thin air]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"[stunned, then annoyed] Oh. Oh I get it! [looks heavenward] Video stores are so old they have ghosts in them! Okay, thanks! I get it! But you're wrong!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost,"[floats by] Emily? [turns into the aisle where the woman was] Emily, the war is over! Let's go rent a movie at Blockbuster!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Hahaha, haha! You can be a spooky ghost all you want, it wasn't a stupid idea to buy this place!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost,"The hounds are calling, Emily. Let's rent something now! [floats past Randy]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"I'll have you know that Netflix, Hulu, and Crackle still don't make the money Blockbuster does! Streaming movies is not for everyone!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost,"[turns around and looks at Randy] The hounds, Emily! The hounds!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Go ahead! All you want, bro! All you want! It was a great idea, but no! Everyone just wants to prove that Rrrandy's gone crazy! [sticks his tongue out and makes noises at him] ""Oh don't mind Randy, he's just losing his mind!"" [Stan, who doesn't see the ghost, watches from a distance] Drrrr! You know what? Fuck you and Emily!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"[turns and walks to Sharon, who's at the counter looking up things on the ancient CRT monitor] I think something might be wrong with Dad?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,Ya think? [Stan glances up at her]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,WEDNESDAY
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"HALLOWEEN. It's sunset and kids and their parents are out trick-or-treating. Butters and Jimmy run into Cartman and Kenny, who are not in costume"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Butters,Oh hey Eric and Kenny. You guys don't have costumes?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,We're actually on our way over to Kyle's because our costumes are so multi-faceted and cool we have to put them on together.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,(Yeah.)
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"Uhhh what are you supposed to be, Butters?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Butters,"I'm a wereprechaun. You know, a leprechaun that's been bitten by a werewolf. And Jimmy's Gangnam Style."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Jimmy,"Wop. Wop, Wop wop, Wopwop Gangnam Style. [grins]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"Yyeah, really cool, guys. You'll be some stiff compettion at the costume contest for sure."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Butters,Come on! What are you guys goin' as?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,[walks off with Kenny] You'll just have to wait and see.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Blockbuster, at that moment. Sharon dresses Stan up as Captain America while Shelly reads a magazine behind the counter"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,I think that's good. Feel tight enough?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Yeah, it's awesome! Thanks, Mom."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,Let's see the shield.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"[takes up the shield and strikes a pose] Put down the blue orby thing, Red Skull!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,[claps] Yehay!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"[arrives] Hey, whoa, what are you doing?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,Stan's about to go out with his friends.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Nono, I need everybody tonight! [Stan loses his enthusiasm] It's our big night!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,For what?!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Agh! It's Halloween! Everyone rents scary movies on Halloween! I'm sorry Stanley, but I need your help here!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shelly,God I hate this family!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"Randy, let him go trick-or-treating."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,[walks over to some end display] You guys don't understand. We're doing a big Halloween promotion! I've put up flyers and I've got apple-bobbing [a cauldron full of them] and candy corn [in a display case]. This is the night we turn it all around.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"[disappointed] Dad, nobody's gonna come."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Oho you'll see! I'm sorry, Stan, but in about thirty minutes this place is gonna be swamped with people trying to rent DVDs!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Renting DVDs is more ancient than Madonna's boobs!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Ew! [turns right and walks away] That's enough, Stanley! Ew, gross!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"[moments later, on the land line] I can't go trick-or-treating! My dad says I have to stay and help with the store! Yes, I'm serious! I know it sucks, Kyle!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"[dressed as Thor, in his living room] Dude, you can't do this! How can we be the Avengers without Captain America?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"I know, but there's nothing I can do."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,But what about the costume contest?!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,"[dressed as Iron Man, comes in from the kitchen] What's going on, Kyle?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,Stan can't come.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"[dressed as Hulk, comes in from the kitchen] Stan can't come?! But he's fucking Captain America!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,I'm sorry you guys. My dad is doing a big Halloween promotion.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,Does anybody even go to Blockbuster anymore?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"No dude. Nobody. My dad... he's kind of losing it. To be honest, I feel kind of bad for him."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"[appears from an aisle] Stan, get off the damned phone! People are gonna start callin' to reserve movies! Gau! [goes back into the aisle]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Oh never mind, I hate him again."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"Dude, you can't miss Halloween! You have your iPad?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Yeah.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"Okay, I'm gonna go grab mine. I have an idea."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, later. Kyle pulls a skateboard along on which his iPad is mounted, and Stan is shown on the iPad"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"All right, where should we trick-or-treat first?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"How about we try the Barkers? Oh, no, it looks like they're not home."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"This is fucking ridiculous! We've been planning this Halloween for two months, and Stan has to go and ruin it!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,He looks fine.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Oh, let's go to the Petersons' house."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"Yeah, he looks totally fine, except that when we walk up to a house, people are gonna be like, ""Oh wow, it's the Avengers, and some Captain FaceTime skateboard guy!"" [they head for a house to their left. Kenny rings the bell. A man opens the door holding a bowl of candy.]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,The boys,Trick or treat.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Trick or treat.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 1,"Oh wuhow! Look honey, it's Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and Bruce Vilanch. [Each of the boys (except Stan) make a pose when their respective costumes are said]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,[dropping his pose] I'm not Bruce Vilanch!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 1,"Oh, what are you supposed to be? Oh [snaps his fingers] oh, right. You're supposed to be that um... uhhh... [puts his left hand to his head]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,The Incredible...
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 1,"Right right, the incredibly Chaz Bono. Remember honey? Dancing with the Stars? The fat transsexual?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Woman 1,"[raises her palms up, then rests them on her legs] Ohhh, cute!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,No not Chaz Bono! Do you see my skin?! I'm green!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Woman 1,[quick gasp] The incredible Harvey Fierstein?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 1,"Nnoo, Harvey Fierstein's just gay and fat, honey. He's not green."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"The person I'm dressed as is not fat, and not gay!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 1,The incredibly fat and gay skinny straight man?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,[loses his cool and shuts his eyes] JUST GIVE US SOME FUCKING CANDY! [moments later they're on to the next house] It's Stan's stupid Captain America costume! That's what's throwing everybody off! How are people supposed to get that I'm the Hulk when Captain America is on freaking FaceTime?! [Kenny rings the door bell. A man opens the door holding a bowl of candy.]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,Trick or treat.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 2,"Ohh wow, it's the Avengers!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,That's right!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 2,"Oho, and Honey Boo Boo! [Cartman glares at him. The man looks back inside the house] Kids, come see the green Honey Boo Boo costume!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"The sidewalk across from Blockbuster, Halloween night. A couple walks along laughing over something"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Girlfriend,"Oh, it's getting colder out."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Boyfriend,"Yeah, you can definitely tell that winter's coming. [the woman glances to her right, then turns her head to the right. They both stop walking] What's the matter?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Girlfriend,"That old creepy place. I saw someone in the window there. [as they look, Randy appears at one of the windows and beckons them to come in. Then he holds up a HALF OFF sign and shakes it a bit]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Boyfriend,"Come on, let's get out of here. [puts his arm around her shoulders. They hurry off.]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,[sighs and throws down the sign in frustration] They'll come! [walks off slowly and his voice gets deeper] Sooner or later! They'll have to come!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Blockbuster, maybe an hour later. The store is fully lit, but there's still no business. There's more snow on the parking lot so that it's almost fully covered. Randy's anger has solidified into a slumped angry walk as he wanders the aisles, grunting and spazzing every once in a while. He stops to fix some DVDs that are out of place, then walks to the candy display under glass in the counter"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"[closes his eyes and sobs a bit] Wuhy? Why isn't anyone showing up?! [uncovers his eyes and moves his palms down to his cheeks] It's Halloween night! People should be renting spooky movies! [places his hands on the counter] What's happened to the world? Things used to be so simple. [notices something and pounds the glass] Good evening, fine sir! I would like to rent a movie!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost 2,"[a former Blockbuster employee] Of course, Mr. Marsh. What'll it be?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,I'll take a DVD of Robocop 2 and the director's cut of Blade Runner.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost 2,Coming right up. [goes to retrieve the videos]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"No place like the video store, eh, my friend? Convenience at its peak."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost 2,"[types in the order] Your son and wife don't seem to quite agree with you about the video store. In fact, your son seems to think video stores are... as ancient as Madonna's boobs?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,He's a... he's a very... progressive... little boy. Gets it from his mother.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost 2,"If I may say so, Mr. Marsh, your Blockbuster will never get any customers with those two Negative Nancys sabotaging you. You may need to do something... rather extreme. [more sinister] If I may say so, Mr. Marsh. [Randy looks at him, then at Stan, who is off in a corner looking at his iPad.]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Trick or treat.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ghost 2,"You are the owner of Blockbuster, Mr. Marsh. [Randy feels the pressure and resists it] You must be willing to do anything."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,No! No I won't do it! Leave him out of this! He's just a little boy! [notices Stan looking at him] Hey Stan. [turns and walks away]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Another neighborhood, night. The boys continue their trick-or-treating."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"We still have an hour before the costume contest, so let's hit the house on the uh-"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"Dude dude dude! Check it out. [points to something across the street... a robbery in progress. One robber is outside a Kum & Go minimart. He breaks a surveillance camera with a crowbar, then jimmies the door open and goes in]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,What? What's he doing?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,Somebody's breaking into that Kum & Go.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"[turns around] You guys, we've gotta stop it!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,[turns around] Yeah dude! We are the Avengers!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Hey, where did you guys go?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"[turns his skateboard around] Oh, sorry dude."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"All right Avengers, what say we take this scumbag down?!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,"Stan and Kyle, you take the back entrance. Cartman and I will block him from the side."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,Cartman SMASH! [they turn around and go into action]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Kum & Go, inside. The robbers get to work"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 1,"All right, the camera's out. Hurry up, you two! [the other two robbers are trying to break into a Red Box rental box. They succeed, and some change falls out]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 2,What the? You told me these things were full of money!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 3,"It's Halloween. I thought everyone would be renting spooky movies. [the boys break into the store, with Cartman acting like a rampaging Hulk]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,[holds up his sledge hammer] For Odin! For Asgard!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 4,Who are you?!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"[roars some more, then] Oh crap, there's a bunch of them. Never mind. [walks to the counter and sees a dead clerk slumped over the counter] Holy shit, they shot this guy!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,Oh my God!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,"Dude, fuck this. Let's bail! [the boys head out the front door with the robbers in hot pursuit]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 4,Get 'em!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Blockbuster, at that moment. Sharon is on the land line with someone"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"Oh my gosh, that's so cute. And so what is little Monica wearing? Oho, I bet she's adorable. [Randy rises up from behind the bargain bin] No, we've just sort of been here for the most part. Yeah, are you guys staying in? [Randy slides to his right and out of view] You're watching The Thing? Oh that's fun. On Netflix or Hulu? On your Xbox, uh huh. Yeah, no, at some point I'm hoping we can just call it a night and go home. [Randy appears from the right side of the store, way in the back, then disappears again] No, you don't need to send help. Thanks, though. Are you guys getting a lot of trick-or-treaters? Yeah? Oh really? [Randy reappears from the left side of the store, right behind Sharon] Oh, Barbara and Michael? Oh yeah. Uh huh. Ha-hang on a second Karen. [covers the mic and turns to Randy] Can I help you with something?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"[in a deep falsetto] According to industry experts, many rural areas don't have the bandwidth to support DVD-quality video in streaming services, and won't for years to come, making DVD rentals still the best movie-watching option. [they look at each other for a few seconds]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"[goes back to her phone call] Sorry, Karen, you were saying? No, it wasn't a customer. No, it's just Randy. [Randy turns around and leaves] Yes, a customer would have been nice, I know."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,Back the the Kum & Go...
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 1,God damn it those kids saw us! And you let them get away!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 3,"It was the Avengers, Brad! [Robber 2 appears at a doorway]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 2,"Hey, we caught one of them. We got him tied up in the back. [hurries to the back, and the other two follow him]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,The back room. Kyle's iPad is strapped to a chair
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 1,"All right, who were your friends?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Just let me go! We're nobody! We didn't see anything! I pro-I promise!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 2,He's lying. They saw everything!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 1,Let's try this again. [takes out a switchblade and walks up to the iPad]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"No! Dude, please! This is my best friend's iPad! [the robber scratches the glass, leaving a deep gash] Noo! Okayokay, okay! Their names are Bruce, Tony, and Curt"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 4,"Hey, one of them dropped this. [a flier] It's an invitation to a Monster Mash at the community center."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,No no! We weren't gonna go there!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 1,[puts away the switchblade and backs off] Sure you weren't! [walks away] Get rid of him!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"NO! [shakes his head] I won't say anything, I promise! [Robbers 2 and 3 take the iPad out to the car]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,The two robbers take the iPad to the side of the road in a desolate place. The trunk pops open and the two robbers look at the iPad
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,What are you gonna do? [Robber 3 takes the iPad out and carries it away] Please! Please just let me go! No!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 3,"Sorry, kid. End of the line. [throws the iPad into a ditch next to the road. The two robbers get back into the car and drive away]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Blockbuster, later. Randy has a fixed, angry look on his face as he watches a TV screen. On the screen is Ted, a teddy bear brought to life and now living with his owner as an adult. Ted and his owner share chips and John Adams beer. Over by the counter, Stan tries to make a call, but the cable has been cut in two"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,What the hell? [gets off the stool and walks over to Shelly] Shelly I need to use your cell phone.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shelly,"[hurriedly and worriedly looking through her duffel bag and back park] I can't find it, Somebody took it!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"[coming in from outside the store] All right Randy, where are the car keys?! [gets no answer] Randy, where are the keys to the car?! [still gets no answer. Randy is transfixed] God damn it! [walks away in a huff]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"The desolate place, later. The couple who walked by Blockbuster before are walking along a path. The girlfriend holds on to the boyfriend's arm"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Boyfriend,Did you have fun at the Halloween party?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Girlfriend,"I did. Thanks so much, Ben. And thanks for walking me home. [she notices something off to her right and stops]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ben,[the boyfriend] What's the matter?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Girlfriend,What is that? [lets go and walks towards the item]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ben,Whaht is what?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Girlfriend,"[stops by the iPad] Somebody dumped a... Oh my God, Ben, it's a little boy! [picks up the iPad, which has Stan back onscreen] Hello? [wipes the screen clean] Are you okay? Little boy?[the screen brightens up]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Huh? Wha? ...Oh, oh hello? Who is that?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Girlfriend,It's okay. Try and stay calm.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Oh, ah thank God you found me."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Ben,What is he doing way out here?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,You have to get me to my friends! They aren't safe! [Ben and his girl look at each other]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night. The three Avengers are at the station talking to Sgt. Yates"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"And then we ran out of the Kum & Go and these guys, th-they took our friend."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,Sounds like you're talking about the Red Box killers. They've murdered over a dozen people trying to get the cash from Red Boxes.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,Oh my God. You mean they don't know people can stream movies cheaper and more conveniently online?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,Apparently not. These are dangerous guys. Do you have any idea where they were headed?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer,"Sir, there's a kid over at the hospital saying he saw everything."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital. Kyle's iPad is on a bed being tended to, and an officer stands by taking a statement from Stan"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,They said they were heading to the big party at the community center. You have to stop it. My friends are in trouble.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,Stan! [leads the other Avengers and the police into Stan's hospital room]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Guys, you're okay!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,What happened to you?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"It's all right, just a scratch."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Cartman,"Hey, this means we can still make the costume contest, you guys!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"No! They're looking for you there! [to Sgt. Yates] Sir, you've got to cancel the Monster Mash."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,"What?! Are you crazy?! We can't cancel the Monster Mash, it's Halloween Night! It's the Monster Mash's biggest night of the year!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer 2,The Monster Mash is only on Halloween. [another officer quickly shushes him]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,"Dude, if these guys are as bad as you say, then we have to do something!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Yeah, people are gonna get hurt."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,How many people at the Monster Mash?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer 3,"Most of the town, sir. It's a graveyard smash."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer 4,"Look, whatever we do, we'd better hurry. It gets on in a flash."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,You boys say you can identify the Red Box thieves?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,Yes. We saw their faces.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,All right then. We're gonna have to send one of you into the party in disguise.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"The Monster Mash, night. PSY's song, ""Gangnam Style"", is playing as the town gathers inside the community center, which is decked out for Halloween. Many of the guests are dressed as PSY."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Butters,"That sure is a great Gangnam Style costume, Craig. I'm a wereprechaun. You know, a leprechaun that has been bitten by a werewolf. [a giant stops by] Oh wow! Nice costume, Stan. It's Gangnamstein!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Shhh. Don't say my name, Butters. I'm here undercover."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Butters,"Okay, Stan. Enjoy the Monster Mash. [Gangnamstein turns left and runs into a man]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Oops.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Man 3,Gaaah!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Hey, be careful in there."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer 3,[side the Gangnamstein outfit] Sorry. I can't see a thing in here.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"It's all right. Let's go straight. Now turn left. Okay, now go about ten steps."
A Nightmare on Face Time,A Banana,"Wow, Gangnamstein. I wish I'd have thought of that."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Back at the Blockbuster, Randy now walks around in a limp and hunched over"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Stan?! Daddy wants to have a little talk, Stan! Stanny boy?! I'M COMING! [notices a video and stops] Oh look, Wedding Crashers. [takes it and carries it around, then notices Shelly and stops] What are you doing, Shelly?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Shelly,"[sprays some lighter fluid onto some DVDs on a rack, then lights a match] Nothing, Dad. Go back to killing the family. [tosses the match onto the floor]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Okay. [walks on] STAN! [Shelly squeezes some more lighter fluid onto the racks, which quickly go up in flames.] STANNY BOY, I'M COMIN'!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,The Monster Mash. Mr. Mackey is at the podium dressed as PSY.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Mr. Mackey,"Hokay everyone, it's time to start the costume contest. m'kay."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Wait a minute. There they are!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Mr. Garrison,[turns around] There's who? [the four robbers are shown]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Listen everybody, those guys right over there are- [some rustling is heard and Randy takes Stan's iPad from him]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,Who are you people?! You aren't real!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer 3,"Hey hay, I can't see! Where do I go? [begins to walk blindly, and the transformation to Gangnamstein is complete]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,Do you think I'm crazy for buying Blockbuster?! I'll make you pay! Alluh! All! [everyone begins to run out of the community center.] I got a little somethin' for all of you! [takes a golf club from a golfer and starts swinging it around] Run! You'd better run!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,a family watches a movie on an XBox in the living room. Gangnamstein crashes through the front door.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,Waaarg! Look at the people watching movies on their Xbox. Haarrrr!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Family,HAAAAA! [they get off their sofa and run]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,Haarrrr! [walks forward]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,A toddler's room. Two little boys watch a movie on a tablet. Gangnamstein breaks through the bedroom window and the boys hug each other in sheer fright.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Raaaawr! [falls to the floor, but gets up again]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Filmore and Quaid,AAAAA!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,Streaming Halloween 4! Hahaha!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Filmore and Quaid,"[get off the bed and run] AAAAA! [run out of the house, with Gangnamstein behind them] AAAAA!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,AAAAA! [a spotlight shines on Kyle's iPad] AAAAA! [Gangnamstein raises its arms to shield itself from the light. Yates and his officers have arrived and are ready to shoot]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,FIRE! [the officers fire away]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Arrrg! [looks to his left] Hey, what are you doing?!"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"[gaining control of his own iPad] It's mine, Dad, get your own! What the hell's going on?! [Officer 3 takes the iPad off and throws it away while he keeps getting shot, and finally falls over dead. The gunfire stops]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,We got the sonofabitch!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Officer 5,"Wait, wasn't that Peterson in there? [Officer 2 shushes him quickly]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sgt. Yates,"Well, I hope you guys have learned that crime doesn't pay."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Robber 1,Not with the convenience of online streaming it don't.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Butters,Kyle! Kyle! It's Stan! He's dying. [Kyle knows what this means and walks over to his iPad]
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,Stan?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,Hey dude.
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,The judging's almost done. You're gonna make it. [the low battery indicator pops up - 5% remaining] Oh God. [turns to the gathering crowd] SOMEBODY GET ME A CHARGER! [turns back to Stan] Hold on Stan! Don't die on us!
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"It's okay Kyle, It's okay. Hit OK. [Kyle does so, and the indicator disappears] You guys go win that costume contest. You can do it. Lift the trophy for me."
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kyle,You're gonna see it. [to the crowd] WILL SOMEBODY GET ME A GOD DAMNED CHARGER?
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Just have a good Halloween, you guys. And Kenny?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Kenny,"Yeah, Stan?"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Stan,"Stay gold. [the iPad runs out of juice and the screen goes black, except for some symbols indicating the iPad needs to be recharged. Cartman roars like Hulk in agony.]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Blockbuster, midnight. Randy walks out of it in a stupor while flames inside it get bigger. Randy slurs his speech so it's hard to understand"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Randy,"Stan?! I'm comin'! I'm comin', Stan! [mumbles incoherently again, waving the videos he took with him in anger] Stan! [finally collapses into a snowdrift]"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Scene Description,"Blockbuster parking lot, morning. Randy is now frozen and covered in snow. His facial expression has gotten worse. Sharon, Stan, and Shelly arrive some time later"
A Nightmare on Face Time,Sharon,"I spoke with the insurance company. [the destroyed Blockbuster is shown] They said we can get some of our money back. Not all of it, but some. You wanna go home? Get changed? Take a shower?"
