Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"You see what you did, Kyle?!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Come on, we have to try and help our stupid parents. [the boys turn off the TV and head outside]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, outside."
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,They're everywhere!
Night of the Living Homeless,Aide,[pulls up in his car] What are you boys doing? Get in.
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 11,"[knocks on his window] Spare any change, sir?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Aide,"[throws up his arms and shakes his head vigorously] Ahhhh! [settles down and starts driving] Come on, let's go! [some distance down the street] What the hell were you doing outside?!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,Our parents are stuck on top of a building in town.
Night of the Living Homeless,Aide,You aren't getting into town! It's completely overrun with these... things. [a bum lands on the windshield]
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,Ahh! [the bum begins to wash the windshield]
Night of the Living Homeless,Aide,"No! I don't need my windshield cleaned! Stop it! Stop iiit! [peels off at the first opportunity] Look, our only hope is to talk to the homeless researcher out on Travis Street. He understands what's goin' on better than anybody. Just stick with me, kids. [enters an intersection, but doesn't notice the driver to his left, who's not paying attention to the road. They collide, with the aide dying on the spot]"
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,"[exit the car uninjured] Aaahhh! [they move along the street, but notice the homeless everywhere. Another collision takes place a block away from them]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"Holy shit, dude! [behind him, the other three boys move a manhole cover off to one side, opening up a new means of escape]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Over here! [Kyle looks back. Cartman and Kenny drop down into the sewer and Kyle walks to the manhole.] Jump down! Go! [Kyle drops down, and finally, Stan]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"[pinching his nose shut with his left hand as he fans the smell away with his right] Aw man, it really smells like Kenny's house down here."
Night of the Living Homeless,Kenny,"[punches Cartman angrily] (Dude, shut the fuck up about my house!)"
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"Whoa, Kenny, relax dude. We need to work together."
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Come on, we gotta get to that scientist's house. [they move forward.]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"South Park, street level, day. The homeless have paralyzed the town as crashed cars are shown everywhere. The community center roof is shown, with Randy looking out over the parking lot with binoculars. Gerald and Jimbo sit in chairs"
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,[lowers his binoculars] No sign of anybody else.
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,[rising from his chair] That's it. I'm gonna make a break for it.
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"[turns around to face him] Don't be crazy, Gerald. You'll never get through all those homeless people."
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,"And even if you did, what then? You can't drive anywhere."
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,"If I can make it through them, maybe I can catch the bus to Fairplay. I have to try."
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"You won't make it through, Gerald! [Gerald leaves quickly and heads downstairs. He leaves the community center, only to be hounded by bums begging for change]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,[making his way through] Ahh. Ahhhahhahahahh.
Night of the Living Homeless,Bums,Change? Change sir? You got some change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,"Don't have any change... Don't have any change... Damn it! All right, you want change? Here. [reaches into his left pocket and tosses some change off to his left] There! There's some change. All right, a little bit. [reaches into his right pocket and tosses some change off to his right] There you go. Take the change. [leaves, but stops himself] Oh wait. Wait, now I don't have any change left for the bus. Hold on. Can I just get back some of that change, please?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 12,"Change, sir?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,"Can I have just a little change for the bus, please? I need a little... anybody have some change? Change? Got any change? [Randy follows Gerald through his binoculars] Change. Change? [Randy lowers his binoculars in horror]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,What happened?
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,[closes his eyes] He's become one of them.
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"South Park, night, under a full moon. All around town, the homeless ask for change. The boys are shown arriving at an office of some sort. They knock on the door and the homeless researcher answers it"
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,"Go away, I I don't have any change."
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,Are you the head of Homeless Studies?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,Yes. Who are you?
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,We think this may be our friend's fault. [shows Kyle] He gave one of the homeless twenty dollars yesterday-
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,Oh my God. Get in here! Tell me what's going on? [the boys enter and he shuts the door]
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,There's a bunch of people trapped in the middle of town surrounded by homeless people. W-we can't get to them.
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"All right, all right, look! I didn't wanna risk it, but... I think I know what to do. I'll try to jump all those homeless and get to the people on that roof."
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,Jump them?
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"I jump the homeless professionally. If you can get me a skateboard, I'll try to jump that homeless crowd and save those people."
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"Oh, shut up, Cartman. All you did was jump over one homeless guy."
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,I easily could have cleared another thirty or forty.
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"You barely made it over one, fatass!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Kyle, enough! Cartman jumping more homeless people isn't gonna solve anything right now!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,God damn it! I don't want him to jump over more a-
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,Boys! Boys! I don't think you quite understand how the homeless function. Perhaps you should come downstairs. To my laboratory. [lightning and thunderclaps follow]
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"South Park Community Center, night. The homeless now call up to the roof."
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,We don't have any change! Go away!
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,"Anything, Stephen?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,No. All the phone lines are completely down. [the stairwell door behind them rattles and they turn to face it in fear. Randy steps toward it with his shotgun and cocks it. More knocking on the door]
Night of the Living Homeless,A Man,[inside the stairwell] Hello? Ih-it's Steve Garrett from the library. Pu-please let us in.
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"Find another place to hide, Steve!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Steve,I I have others with me. We we have nowhere else to go. One woman here is pregnant.
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,We can't just leave them out there.
Night of the Living Homeless,Steve,"Let us in! For God's sake, they're coming! No! No, I'm sorry, we don't have any change."
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,"You have to let them in, Randy."
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,There isn't enough food for more people up here!
Night of the Living Homeless,Steve,Oh God. One of them is a war veteran. [more knocking] We're gonna have to give him some change.
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,This isn't happening!
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"All right all right, fine! [approaches slowly and opens the door. The refugees stream forth]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 13,"Could you spare some change, sir?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,[shuts the door quickly] Harrrh!
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"The Homeless Advisor's lab, later. He's dissected the body of a dead homeless person."
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,"I've dissected several homeless to see what make them tick. Their anatomy is shockingly similar to ours. See? Everything is there: heart, lungs, kidneys, they're almost identical to us in every way. Except for one. [a homeless man is chained to a wall by a chain around his neck. The advisor approaches him] The homeless... can survive solely... on change. [pulls out some change]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 14,[sticks out his cup and strains to get the money] Change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,They feed on our change. They need it in order to keep them moving
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 14,Is that... is that some spare change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,"Somehow they're able to take... our change... and turn it into nourishment, sustenance."
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 14,"Spare some of that change, sir?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,But now watch. [drops some coins into the bum's cup and walks back to the boys. The bum rattles his cup a bit]
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 14,Spare some change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,"It has already completely forgotten that I've given it change. It just wants... more, change. Look over here. [heads to his left and the boys follow] This one I've kept deprived of change for over three days."
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 15,Chaaaaange?
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,What's it doing?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,It's dying.
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Cool.
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,I've learned that the nearby city of Evergreen had a homeless problem just before we did. And they were able to stop it.
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,"[finds the advisor's office and enters] Excuse me, the front door was open. Can I borrow some change? [other homeless men follow him in]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,"Oh my God, they're coming in! [leads the boys to an escape hatch above some crates] Quick kids, get out of here! You can fit!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,[helps Cartman up] What about you?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,Get to Evergreen and find out how they got rid of the homeless! I'll be all right!
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"Eh! Stop pushing, Kenny."
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,"Hello? [comes down a spiral staircase] I I'm sorry, I just really need some change for the bus?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 16,Change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 17,Spare some change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 18,Change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,Stop it! I really do need change!
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum 16,Me too. Change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,[outside the lab] Change? [knocks on the lab door] Hello? Do you have any change?
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum,[outside the lab] Chaaange?
Night of the Living Homeless,Homeless advisor,"Sorry to take the easy way out. [takes a gun to his right temple and cocks it. An exterior view of his office is shown and a gunshot heard. Back inside, he's still standing, in pain. The bullet went out the left temple, but didn't kill him.] OW! OH, FUCK! OWW! [next he tries shooting through his jaw, and the bullet comes out through his right cheek.] OHHH! AH! GOD! [shoots through his jaw again, and the bullet goes out his right cheek again. This time he gargles and drops on all fours. He shoots through his right shoulder three times, but still lives. This time he takes the gun to his forehead and cocks the gun. The exterior view of his office is shown again and a gunshot is heard. Back inside, he's still alive. The bullet to the brain didn't kill him. This time he shoots at his heart twice, and that finally kills him. He writhes around for a few seconds and dies.]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Center. There are so many homeless people now that it looks like a page out of ""Where's Waldo?"" There are now thirteen people on the roof, all asking for change."
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"[rifling through a box] No. No, damn it! [faces the small group on the roof with him] That's it. That's it, everyone. We're out of Pop-Tarts."
Night of the Living Homeless,Jimbo,No. We can't be.
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"Face it, we're gonna starve!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,"No, no wait, there's still a box over here."
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,Those are cherry! Ich!
Night of the Living Homeless,Head of Public Safety,"[his cell phone rings and he rises] Wait, I got a signal! I got a signal. [dials a number]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,What? You do?
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,How? Call the fire department.
Night of the Living Homeless,Head of Public Safety,"I'm calling my wife! [waits for her to pick up] Mary. Mary baby, are you all right?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,"Oh, maybe we're gonna be okay."
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,Ask her what's happening.
Night of the Living Homeless,Head of Public Safety,"Mary, what's goin' on out there? Nobody's coming for us. They what? No! That's impossible. But how can that be? We didn't even- [the phone cuts out] Hello? Mary. [tries to reconnect] Mary!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Jimbo,"What happened, Glen?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Glen,"[Head of Public Safety] There's no help coming! She said... because of all the homeless... because of all the homeless in South Park property values have plummeted. I had two liens against my house and so the bank is foreclosing! I don't have a home anymore. [Randy and the others are quiet for a moment, but Randy knows what he must do. He pumps his shotgun and aims at Glen.]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,"Randy, what are you doing?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,He's homeless now. We aren't safe.
Night of the Living Homeless,Glen,I'm not like them.
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,Not yet. It's only a matter of time.
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,"[tries dissuading Randy] And what are you gonna do, huh? Just blow his head off?"
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,If we have to! Siddown Glen!
Night of the Living Homeless,Glen,"Randy, you can't just-"
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,SIT... doowwwnnnn!
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,Another shot of the homeless on the street.
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,Back to a shot of the roof. Glen is sitting under a blanket again.
Night of the Living Homeless,Glen,This is crazy. How can they just take away my house? Where am I supposed to put all my things? I don't have a place for all my stuff; where am I supposed to put all my stuff? I'll need to pay for storage. Can I borrow some- money to put my stuff in storage? Come on guys. If you all just help me out a little bit. Each one of you just put in a little... change? Change? [That's it. Randy fires at him and blows the upper half of his head off. Randy sighs heavily]
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,A brilliant sunrise in the Rockies. Another shot reveals a ruined town - Evergreen. The four boys arrive and look at the destruction
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,What the hell happened here? [three men in camouflage appear and aim their shotguns at them]
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,[wearing a white and blue bandana around his neck] That's far enough! Just march your butts right back out of our town!
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"We, just came to ask a question."
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 2,You homeless or homeowners?
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,We're nine.
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,"Yeah? Well that makes you homeless, so get out of here before you die!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Look, we just need help with our own homeless problem."
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Yeah. This Jew here made them take over our town.
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"Shut up, Cartman!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,Cartman? Eric Cartman? The kid who jumped thirty homeless people on a skateboard?
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Youu heard about that?
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 2,Heard about it? They said you could have easily cleared fifty homeless with that jump.
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Thirty was hard enough.
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"Oh God! It wasn't thirty, it was one! He jumped over one homeless person with his stupid skateboard, and he barely made it over that guy!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Kyle, knock it off! We're here to find out how to get rid of the homeless, not how many homeless Cartman can jump!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"Please, we just want you to tell us how you got rid of the homeless in your town."
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 2,"Well, that was easy. [the group moves to a clearing where the boys sit on a bench while the first man serves himself some coffee and begins explaining]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,"The homeless first started arriving in Evergreen about three months ago. At first there were only a few of them, askin' for change, sleeping in the parks. But then more showed up, and we realized there was somethin' different about them. They fed off of our change to the point that they could actually start renting apartments. We knew it wouldn't be long before the homeless actually started buying homes. And then we'd have no idea who was homeless and who wasn't! The people living in the house right next door to you could be homeless and you wouldn't even know! [sips] Nobody could trust anybody! Fights broke out. War! [Kyle notices something on the ground] That's when I started suspecting that [the something is a pamphlet that says ""HAVEN FOR THE HOMELESS"" on the front cover. He picks it up] my own wife, who I'd been living with for twenty years, was actually homeless. So I had to burn her. In her bed while she slept. [Kyle reads the pamphlet] After she died I vowed I wouldn't let the homeless destroy our town! So we came up with a plan to get rid of them once and for all. [Kyle opens the pamphlet and is met with these words: ""HAVEN FOR THE HOMELESS. TRY SOUTH PARK.""]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"You son of a bitch. [gets off the bench and approaches the first man with the pamphlet] You didn't solve your homeless problem, you just sent all your homeless to South Park! [opens the pamphlet to show him]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,"That's right, yes."
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,What?
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,I knew it! It wasn't because I gave that guy twenty dollars! The homeless all came from here!
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,And it was Texas who sent them to us! People in San Antonio got rid of their homeless by tellin' them what a great place Evergreen was!
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"[getting off the bench] But then you didn't solve the problem, you just moved it!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Man 1,Right. But we survived.
Night of the Living Homeless,Woman,"[pops up out of nowhere, almost a skeleton] Dehhhnyihhhs! [she's armed with a rifle and ready to shoot]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Dennis,"[Man 1, turns around. The other two men look as well] Christine!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Christine,You sonothatitch! You tried to kinn me!
Night of the Living Homeless,Dennis,"I had to, Christine, you were homeless."
Night of the Living Homeless,Christine,"No, I wasn't honeless yeh stukid asshole!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Dennis,"Christine, I can't understand you."
Night of the Living Homeless,Christine,Yeah! Gecause you durned my yits oth!
Night of the Living Homeless,Dennis,I nurned your rip sauce?
Night of the Living Homeless,Christine,No! You durned my yits oth!
Night of the Living Homeless,Dennis,"I have no idea what you're saying! [Christine shoots him] Ow! [Dennis is dead. The third man kills Christine, who fires one final shot and hits the second man. The second man kills the third and dies moments later]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Dude, our parents are just as stupid as these people, our town is gonna end up just like this!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"[turns around] No it isn't. Come on, I have an idea."
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"No no, we're not having Cartman jump any more homeless people, Kyle!"
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,That isn't my idea! I saw a bus in a garage a couple of blocks back! We need to modify it!
Night of the Living Homeless,Kenny,(What are you gonna do?)
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,We're gonna save our parents before they all kill each other!
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,Montage: the boys modify a bus. Stan works on the front fenders. Cartman works on brakes and accelerator. Kenny works on tightening the barbed wire running along the roof's edge. Kyle works on putting up a shield in front of the bus with a screw gun. Stan moves to the transmission. Cartman and Kenny reinforce the sides of the bus. Kyle works on the PA system.
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,The community center roof. The refugees sit around. A bus horn is heard and the refugees rouse themselves. Randy looks out over the parking lot and sees the bus. The homeless clear a path for the bus
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,A bus! A bus is coming!
Night of the Living Homeless,Jimbo,[seeing who's inside] It's the boys! They've modified a bus to get us out of here!
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,I knew they'd come back for us!
Night of the Living Homeless,Linda,All right!
Night of the Living Homeless,A Woman,Yeah.
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,"[props up Glen's corpse so it faces the bus] Look, Glen. We're saved. [the bus stops]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"All right, I'm turning around"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,Why are they turning?
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,[drops the corpse] What are they doing? [the bus turns so the front end now faces away from the community center. Randy calls out] Don't leave us!
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,"All right, hit it."
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Let's hope to Christ this works. [prepares to press the red button. Music begins to play]
Night of the Living Homeless,Backup Singers,California Love[the homeless grow quiet]
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,California
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Is nice to the homeless Californiania Supercool to the homeless
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,In the city
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,City of Santa Monica Lots of rich people giving change to the homeless
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum,[holds up his tin can] Chaaange? [the adults on the roof still have no idea what's going on]
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,In the city
Night of the Living Homeless,Kyle,City of Brentwood They take really good care of all their homeless
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,[to Stan] They're listening. Let's go! [a Destination Marquee is shown. Stan flips switch C on and presses a green button. The marquee changes from Denver to California]
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,In the city
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,Marina del Rey They're so nice to the homeless built them port-a-potties
Night of the Living Homeless,Stephen,They're... they're leading them away!
Night of the Living Homeless,Jimbo,We're gonna be all right!
Night of the Living Homeless,Randy,[props the corpse up once again] Oh Glen! We made it!
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,CaliforniaSupercool to the homeless
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,"A highway, day. The boys take the homeless westward."
Night of the Living Homeless,Gerald,Cha-a-ange?
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,CalifornianiaNa na orn nea
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,Santa Monica Pier. The bus passes it going south - towards Venice Beach. The homeless follow
Night of the Living Homeless,The Boys,In the city
Night of the Living Homeless,Scene Description,Venice Beach. The homeless head right in and make themselves at home
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"City of Venice Right by Matt's house You can chill if you're homeless. [the music stops. Three homeless men sleep on the Strand and Cartman sails over them, landing on the third man and skating away]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Bum,Eughuhuh.
Night of the Living Homeless,Cartman,"[jumps off his skateboard, throws down his helmet and exults] Yes! That's three homeless! Suck on that! Fuck yeah! [faces his friends and the bums]"
Night of the Living Homeless,Stan,"Honestly, I don't know what you see in this, Kyle."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"Toy Safari, day. Shoppers walk by, enter, leave, browse, etc. Inside, in Aisle 3: Action Figures. Cartman browses one set of shelves. Another boy is shown behind him, browsing the facing shelves."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[picks out a figure] Big Ring Slammer. Comes with posable neck-smash grip. [moves the package around with his left hand and strokes his chin with his right] That's pretty kewl. Let's see...
Le Petit Tourette,Boy,Cock! [Cartman is startled.]
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[puts the Slammer back on the rack and selects another figure.] The Black Jackal. Karate Kick Panel Force and bendable neck-
Le Petit Tourette,Boy,"Asshole! Cock! Asshole, shit, shit cock! [his neck and face get taut as he blurts this out]"
Le Petit Tourette,Clerk,"[nearby] Ma'am, is that your son over there?"
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,"Yes, I'm sorry. My son has Tourette's Syndrome."
Le Petit Tourette,Clerk,Tourette's Syndrome?
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,It's a neurological disorder. He-he can't control what he says.
Le Petit Tourette,Clerk,Oh...
Le Petit Tourette,Boy,"[turns his head hard to the left, his eyes shut] Shiit! [turns his head back to face forward] Dumb shiiit!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,"[goes to take her son home] A-alright Thomas, maybe we should go?"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,All right Mom- Bitch! Ass bitch!
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,"Here, let's buy you a nice toy to take home. [selects a figure and hands it to Thomas, who walks away with her, smiling. Cartman watches as they leave]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[turns around and walks off, saying softly] Dude, that mom is kewl. [he arrives at the checkout line with his action figure]"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,[stands in line behind Cartman] Cocknut! Augh... Stupid shit!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[turns around and glares at Thomas] Are you talkin' to me?!
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,No. Cocknose!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"What's your problem, kid?!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,"Oh, a-I'm sorry. [Thomas backs away a bit] My... son Thomas has Tourette's Syndrome. [a crowd begins to gather around them]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,What?
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"Mom, let's just go. Shhhit!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,People with Tourette's can't control certain tics. It's it's like a sneeze.
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,Asshole ASSHOLE.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[waves his arms around] Wait waitwait whoa whoa whoa. You're telling me there's an illness that makes you blurt out obscenities?
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"Mom, can we just go home, please?"
Le Petit Tourette,Mom,"It's okay, Thomas. They understand."
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"I want tuh go! [throws down his action figure and walks off, his hands over his mouth] Shitfag!"
Le Petit Tourette,Man 1,Poor kid.
Le Petit Tourette,Clerk,Yeah.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[turns around and faces the crowd] All right, hold on just a second here: Are you telling me that if you have this Tourette's Syndrome you can say whatever you want, all the time, and never get in trouble?"
Le Petit Tourette,Clerk,It's a neurological disorder; he can't help it.
Le Petit Tourette,Man 1,"Yeah! [Cartman blinks - CHING! He begins to think: ""I've got a golden ticket... I've got a golden""]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Twinkle in my eye. [turns and heads for the entrance] haha. HahaHAAhahahaha. [throws his action figure into the air and runs out the door]
Le Petit Tourette,Clerk,Hey don't you wanna buy that toy?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,I don't need the toy! I've found something better! [dances away] 'Cause I've got a golden ticket! I've got a golden chance to make my way!
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"Colorado Neurology Center, some days later. A doctor checks Cartman out as Liane watches"
Le Petit Tourette,Liane,"It started about four days ago, Doctor, and every day he seems to get worse."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Puh- pussy!
Le Petit Tourette,Liane,Oh...
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Pussy! Cock! Shit! [covers his mouth in faking embarrassment]
Le Petit Tourette,Liane,"Oh dear... I was checking out the Internet and ih, it almost seems like his symptoms are like those in something called ""Tour, Tourette's Syndrome""?"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Tourette's Syndrome? What is that, Mommy. Butthole! Titties! Balls! [covers his mouth immediately]"
Le Petit Tourette,Doctor,That doesn't seem likely. Tourette's is a hereditary disease; it doesn't just suddenly start.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,...Cocksucker!
Le Petit Tourette,Doctor,"[begins to think and walks off a bit] ...On the other hand, Tourette's does often develop later in a child's life, getting progressively worse."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Oh wuh, well that's it! Shithead! Asshole! Mexican sticky balls!"
Le Petit Tourette,Liane,"Oh Doctor, can you help him?"
Le Petit Tourette,Doctor,[turns around and walks back to them] We don't know very much about Tourette's I'm afraid. But we will give your son all the help we can.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"But what about school, Doctor? The teachers and the principal, they won't understand that I can't control what I say."
Le Petit Tourette,Doctor,"Don't worry, young man. We'll make sure everyone understands your disease and gives you the compassion you deserve."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Ohohh, that's awesome. Thank you. Faggot! [gives him a mischievous look]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman walks into view as the kids are at their lockers"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Shit! Butthole! [walks up to Wendy] Hey Wendy. DUMB BITCH! Uh, sorry. [smiles and moves on] Titties! Cock! [he's relishing this. He points to a redhead] Ginger retard! Asslicker dickface!"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Dude, you'd better watch it. The principal's right over there. [she walks up to them]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Uh, Good morning, Principal Victoria. Shitballs!"
Le Petit Tourette,Principal Victoria,"Good morning, Eric. [turns right and walks away. Cartman walks off in the opposite direction]"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Did Cartman just say ""shitballs"" to the principal?"
Le Petit Tourette,Butters,"Huhyou didn't hear? Well Cartman has some, mental disease called Tourette's Syndrome or somethin'."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,What?
Le Petit Tourette,Craig,"[in admiration] He's the luckiest kid in the world. If I could say ""shitballs"" to the principal I'd be sooo happy."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[deciding to explain things. Mr. Mackey is in the background] Uh excuse me, excuse me everyone I, I guess you might have noticed my awkward tics. Asshole! Pussy asshole! [the other kids lean away] Ach, augh, I just want you to know that I can't control it."
Le Petit Tourette,Principal Victoria,"It's okay, Eric. We all understand and we think you're very brave."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"[after some thought, points and says] He's faking."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[his thunder is stolen and he covers for it] Ahahahaha, ayah- Excuse me everyone, I need to have a moment alone with my good friend Kyle? [walks to Kyle] Asscheeks! [hauls Kyle off to a clearing] Kyle, apparently you missed the school assembly yesterday, but I've been diagnosed with a very serious mental condition."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"You do not have Tourette's Syndrome, fatass!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"...Oh, okay, you figured me out. [claps] Bravo, Kyle, bravo. Don't you see how awesome this is? It's like, a magic cloak that makes me impervious to getting in trouble."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,Who cares about saying whatever you-?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Of course, if you want to be Sergeant Buzzkill once again, and spoil my fun because you're jealous you didn't think of it first, well go right ahead, Kyle."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Grrhh, whatever. [walks off in a huff. Mr. Mackey walks by]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Good morning, Mr. Mackey. Asspussy! [Mr. Mackey does nothing but walk away]"
Le Petit Tourette,Craig,"If I could say ""asspussy"" to the counselor I would be sooo happy."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's class, later. Mrs. Garrison writes a math problem on the board: (-7)X(-2)"
Le Petit Tourette,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, so what do we get when we multiply a negative number-?"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Dicktits!
Le Petit Tourette,Mrs. Garrison,"[glances back at Cartman, then finishes writing] -when we multiply a negative number by another negative-?"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Shit! Asshole! [Mrs. Garrison looks at Cartman with a bit of shock, then turns to the board.] 'Scuse me. [Cartman smiles]"
Le Petit Tourette,Mrs. Garrison,"Ih if we apply what we've just learned, we see that all negatives can-"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Spooge, balls, bloody... vaginal... belch! [the class laughs. Cartman pretends to be hurt] You guys, don't laugh. It makes me feel insecure about my illness."
Le Petit Tourette,Mrs. Garrison,"[facing the class] All right kids, let's just try to focus on learning, okay? [turns to the board] Now all you need to remember here is that negative numbers"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Tampon! Tampon DICKshit!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,Will you knock it off already?!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Kyle, don't you think I wish I could? I'd give anything to be normal like you. KIKE."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Don't push me, asshole!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mrs. Garrison,"Kyle, watch your language! [Cartman lets out a hearty laugh]"
Le Petit Tourette,Craig,"[getting miserable] If I could yell ""tampon dickshit"" in the classroom I'd be sooo happy."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"The principal's office, later. Mrs. Garrison is inside talking with her."
Le Petit Tourette,Mrs. Garrison,"Principal Victoria, it's just that Eric has become such a distraction I, I don't think I can teach my class anymore."
Le Petit Tourette,Principal Victoria,"I understand it's been difficult, Mrs. Garrison, and so, Mr. Donaldson has come from the Tourette's Tolerance and Understanding Foundation. [Mr. Donaldson walks into view]"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,Hello Mrs. Garrison- [turns his head to the left] Ass. ASS. [recovers] I want to help your class better understand this illness. [turns his head to the left] Piss!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"[walks into the office, with Cartman following] No! Up yours, fatboy!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Kyle please! I'm sorry!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Principal Victoria, there's something you need to know! Cartman's Tourette's isn't real! He's faking!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,Faking? [Kyle is sure he's got Cartman on the hook] You think people with Tourette's are faking?!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"[his certainty gone] N-no, I'm just saying that I think-"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"Do you have any idea how horrible that is to say? [turns his head to the left] Ass! ASS! [recovers] We aren't ""faking"", young man. Trust me, nobody wants this illness, ass. [turns his head to the left] PISS! PIIISS!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"That's right, Kyle. [turns his head to the left, where Kyle happens to be] Crap-filled vagina!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"This is the kind of intolerance you teach at this school, Principal Victoria?!"
Le Petit Tourette,Principal Victoria,No.
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"This if you wouldn't mind, I'd like to take this ""bully"" to see that Tourette's is very real. [turns his head to the left] Piiiss."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"The Children's Therapy Center, day. Mr. Donaldson is seated with seven kids on chairs in a circle in the middle of the room. Two of them are Thomas and Kyle."
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"Kids, today during therapy class we have a special visitor. [turns his head to the right, where Kyle happens to be. Kyle jumps in his chair] ASS! [recovers and clears his throat] I, I wanted him to meet all of you so he could try to understand Tourette's"
Le Petit Tourette,Teen Boy,Tourette's is like a cough or a sneeze. [shakes his head quickly] Brrrrr! [recovers] It isn't contagious like some people think. [shakes his head quickly] Brrrrrrrrr!
Le Petit Tourette,Blonde Girl,"A lot of people with Tourette's have different tics. My tic [leans her head to the left, straightens it out, and snaps her fingers] is that I have to bend my neck and snap my fingers. But a lot of people don't even notice it. [leans her head to the left, straightens it out, and snaps her fingers]"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,[turns his head to the right] Aw shit! COCK!
Le Petit Tourette,Brunette,"Sometimes it can be embarrassing to have Tourette's, but I- [blinks and bobs her head] Boop. I've learned I shouldn't be mad at myself."
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,You see? These kids can't control their actions. Ass! Piss in the ass!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"L-look, I was just suggesting that maybe this one person could control what he said, but just didn't, for fun."
Le Petit Tourette,Teen Boy,"Fun? [shakes his head quickly] Brrrrr! [recovers] This really isn't all that fun. [shakes his head quickly] Brrr, brrrrrr!"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,Aw shit!
Le Petit Tourette,Brunette,"[blinks and bobs her head] Boop. [The blonde girl leans her head to the left, straightens it out, and snaps her fingers]"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"[turns his head to the left] Piiiss, coming from my aaass!"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"Yee-you wanna know about fun? Going to public places knowing you're going to make a fool of yourself. Embarrass your parents [turns his head to the right] Aw shit! [recovers] My dad... finally couldn't take it anymore. He... divorced my mom, s-said he'd still be around, but I only see him at Christmastime now. S-sh-shit! S-sh-shit! The worst part is I know how lonely my mom is. A lot of times I know she'd be better off if I was dead."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,Dude...
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"Your mom would not be better off if you were dead, Thomas. Even if people like Kyle here think so."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Aw, come on!"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,So then you apologize for what you said before?
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Ah, I was just trying to... just, just in one instance... [the others stare at him] No. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [The blonde girl leans her head to the left, straightens it out, and snaps her fingers]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"The Children's Therapy Center, outside. Mr. Donaldson takes Kyle to his waiting parents as the other kids look on."
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"Well, Mr. and Ms. Broflovski, I think your son has learned a lot, and he appears to be honestly remorseful for making fun of people with disabilities. [turns his head to the left] Piss! PISS!"
Le Petit Tourette,Sheila,Our son is a good kid. He just didn't understand Tourette's was a real disease.
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"Well, I think the only thing left now is for your son to apologize to his little classmate. [Cartman walks into view and bats his eyes at Kyle sweetly. Kyle does not appreciate this]"
Le Petit Tourette,Gerald,Well Kyle?
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,[grudgingly] I'm sorry.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Oh, what was that? I I couldn't quite make that out, Kyle."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"[grudgingly, louder] I'm sorry."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"You're starry? I I don't get what you mean by that, Kyle. You're starry because uh I don't want it?"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"I said I'm sorry, you piece of sh- [stops himself]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Oh, oh, no, don't worry about it, Kyle. Now I understand. I've learned to deal with intolerance. Dumbshit douche bag! And it means a lot that you're standing here apologizing with your dad and lovely mother. [looks at Gerald and Sheila] Fag Jew! Jew bitch!"
Le Petit Tourette,Sheila,"Oh, thank you Eric."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Thank you. Big-nosed kike! [Sheila laughs nervously]
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,Well I think we can all put this behind us now. [turns his head to the left] Piiiss out my aaass!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Yeah. Piss out your ass right onto Kyle's mom's fat fucking Jew face! [thumps his chest and clears his throat] Oh goodness, 'scuse me. Jeez, that was a bad one. [starts to walk away] Well, gotta run, everybody. Got some big things in the works. [stops to whisper to Thomas] Isn't having Tourette's awesome? [leaves]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,A Dateline commercial. Dateline graphics come up
Le Petit Tourette,Announcer,Next week on Dateline NBC: it's a Dateline special report.
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"I'm Chris Hansen. You probably know me from To Catch A Predator, where we bust men looking for sex with children."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,a clip from that show
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Go ahead and take a seat. Take a seat right over there.
Le Petit Tourette,Predator,"Oh God, whoa, no."
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,What are you doin' here?
Le Petit Tourette,Predator,"I'm just bein' stupid, I guess."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"return to the current show, with graphics indicating the change of focus from pedophiles to Tourette's"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,But now we're switching our focus from pedophiles to Tourette's Syndrome. It all started when I received this touching letter from a brave little boy in Colorado.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[doing a voice-over] Dear Mr. Hansen, I have Tourettes and I want the world to understand what it's like. Won't you do a special report on me so that the world can learn to ACCEPT us instead of just laugh? Donkey Boner!!! Eric Cartman [he doesn't say his name]"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"This Saturday on Dateline I'll be bringing you Eric's story, live and uncensored, from his home in Colorado."
Le Petit Tourette,Announcer,Living with Tourette's: The Eric Cartman Story. This Saturday on Dateline NBC.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[adding to the commercial] Finally, my wish of going public with my illness can come true. [jumps at the camera] Goddamn Jews! Suck my ass barf! [jumps back in shock, covers his mouth, then smiles at the camera sweetly, bending his head to the right]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"A sleepy night, Cartman's house."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"Cartman's room. Cartman makes himself a drink, adult-style: He has two liquor bottles, a bucket of ice, and two wine glasses. Why two? Hm... He serves himself some ice. A few seconds later, Kyle enters his room and slams the door shut"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Hello, Kyle. Dickhead!"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,What's this about you going on live television on Saturday?!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[serves himself some liquid] Yes. It's all finally come to fruition. [gently swirls the ice around] The final cog in my... master plan. [turns around to face Kyle] This Saturday I will go on national television, live. I will say ...horrible things on the air. [turns back and prepares a drink for Kyle] Despicable things. And people will call me brave."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Cartman, there are people in the world who really have Tourette's Syndrome. This isn't funny!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[takes the drink to Kyle] Not funny? I have free rein to say anything I want and you get into trouble if you try and stop me. Care for a Scotch?
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,...Scotch?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[quickly gives him the drink in triumph] Kyle I've won! No matter how you look at it! I've managed not only to get away with saying whatever I want at school, on the bus, at the dinner table, but this Saturday I will actually say anything I want... on national television. I'm going to blast the Jews, Kyle. I'm going to call them every name in the book, and people will call it brilliant television. They'll probably give me an Emmy."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"You are not going to go on national television and spew a bunch of hate speech about Jewish people! I won't let you do it, Cartman!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Then the game is on, Kyle."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"It's not a game, you derelict! And this isn't Scotch! It's apple juice! [Cartman looks at his drink]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[walks back to make another ""Scotch""] Do you have any idea how liberating it is to say whatever comes to mind? ""Big titties! Buttmunch!"" There's no walls anymore! ""Shit!"" Whatever enters my brain I can just say without thinking about it. ""I wet my bed last night."" [realizes what just happened]"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,What did you say?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Uhh nuh-nothing...
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,You aren't gonna get away with this you stupid asshole! [runs out of the room and slams the door]
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Hm. That was... weird.
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"Whistlin' Willy's Pizza Gultch, day. Inside, a crowd has gathered to watch this Dateline special. A banner hanging from the ceiling says ""WE'RE PROUD OF YOU ERIC!"" On a low stage are Mr. Mackey, Liane Cartman and Eric, Mr. Donaldson, and Principal Victoria"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Donaldson,"We are here today to congratulate a brave little boy. Tonight, Eric Cartman will go on television and become the spokesman for Tourette's Syndrome. [turns his head to the left] Piiiss out my aaass! [applause rises from the crowd]"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,The spokesman for Tourette's? Oh no... [turns his head to the right] Cock!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[Mr. Donaldson adjusts the mic to his height] Thanks, everybody. Suck my balls! [applause rises from the crowd] You've all been so understanding and supportive of my illness. Jizz farmer dick sneeze. And it is because of you... that I have the courage to go on national television tonight. Titty sprinkles. [applause rises from the crowd]"
Le Petit Tourette,Craig,"If I could say ""titty sprinkles"" on national television I would be sooo happy."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"And I also just want to say that... I'm making this all up! [startled by his own words, then covers his mouth as the crowd falls silent.] Uh, I... I...'m making this all up to you, for putting up with my mental disorder. I cry at night because I don't have a dad. [turns away from the mic and mumbles] What the hell is going on?"
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Mackey,"Uhit's okay, Eric. We understand your illness, m'kay?"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"No hey ut what, what I meant to say was ""asslicker cumballs."" And uhh, [helplessly] I'm secretly in love with Patty Nelson. I fantasize about kissing Patty Nelson! [covers his mouth]"
Le Petit Tourette,Patty,Eewwww!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[clambors offstage] Uhuh, excuse me I, I need a toilet! Bathroom! Bathroom! [runs through the crowd]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,The mens room. Cartman runs in and heads for the sink. Butters is pissing at the urinal and his pants are at his ankles. Cartman washes his face.
Le Petit Tourette,Butters,[does a double take and smiles] Uh hey Eric!
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[finishes up and looks at Butters] Butters, do you think it's possible that you can lose the ability to filter what you say? I mean, if somebody got used to saying whatever came to their mind, could they start saying things that they would normally never say?"
Le Petit Tourette,Butters,Wuh who are you talking about?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Uh, my cousin. My cousin one time my cousin and I touched wieners. [he covers his mouth in horror as Butters is stunned] Wah! [faces Butters]"
Le Petit Tourette,Butters,You... you and your cousin touched wieners?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,I didn't say that YES I DID BUT WHY? Oh! Stop it! [runs out of the restroom]
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,The dining area. Cartman runs through the crowd
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Excuse me! Excuse me, I need to go! I gotta run!"
Le Petit Tourette,Liane,"Is there a problem, sweetie?"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[turns around and faces her] No, no problem. I just need to- my cousin and I touched each other's [struggles to keep control] AAAA no, NAAAA! [he's got the crowd's attention] I just... no I... I just want to thank everyone for coming- my cousin and I touched wiener- we wiener we, weenter! Winter is a cold time of year. [now composed] Ah, I need to be going now."
Le Petit Tourette,Mr. Mackey,Well all right Eric. Well good luck on Dateline tonight.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[apprehensive] Dateline. Right. [backs away but can't control his statements] I wet my b-AAA! I touched my cousin's WEE-NUH! This sure has been fun! G'bye! [runs out the door screaming with his hands firmly over his mouth]
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"KSPC Channel 4, an HBC affiliate, day. In his own office, Hansen rehearses his lines as the staff listens. A cameraman preps his camera"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Tonight, an inside look at Tourette's Syndrooome. I'm Chris Hansen. Mmh. I'm Chris Hansen."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[rushes onto the set] Ah, Mr. Hansen? I'm afraid I can't do the show."
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Why not?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"My uh, my grandma just died, so I have to go to Memphis- That's not true. My grandma's fine."
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,[rolls up his notes and motions Cartman to a stool] Why don't you have a seat?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,No I just need to get home. I'm not doin' the show.
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Go ahead and take a seat.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[heads for the door] But I'm not gonna do the-
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Take a seat, right over there. [Cartman backs up and sits on the stool, then puts his cap on the bar] What are you doing here?"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"I'm, I'm telling you that I'm not doing the show?"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,But you are doing the show.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"You don't understand! All of a sudden, I can't control what I say."
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Well of course you can't control what you say. You have Tourehhtte's.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"No! My Tourette's has gotten worse! Before I just blurted out cool stuff about Jews being lame and stuff. But now it's gotten really bad. [gets his cap and puts it on] So ah I'm sorry, but I'm not doin' the show, that's it. Goodbye. [hops off the stool and walks away]"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Why don't you take a seat?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Oh, I don't wanna take a seat!"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Have a seat.
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"[begins backing up] No, I'm just gonna go- [wonders how this is happening]"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Take a seat, right over there."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,[gets back on the stool and whispers to himself] How does he do that?
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"You know, one tiiime, I was doin' a show called ""To Catch A Predator"". We almost caught this pedophile, but then he raaan from us 'cause he didn't wanna be on Dateline. Se we tracked him down to his hoouuse. And you know what he did? He shot himself. [Cartman is scared] It'd be a shame if... you didn't wanna go on Dateline. Be a shame if we had to track you down and you ""shot yourself"". [Cartman is more scared, and a series of expressions cross his face]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"The program begins: ""Dateline \living with tourette's syndrome."""
Le Petit Tourette,Announcer,"Live, from our satellite studio in Colorado. This! ...is Dateline."
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Tonight, an inside look at Tourette's Syndrome. I'm [stretches his name out so it sounds like nails on a chalkboard] Chris Hansen. In a few minutes, you will meet little Eric Cartman, who wants the world to understand his affliction."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,The green room. Cartman paces back and forth. Someone knocks on the door
Le Petit Tourette,A Page,"Five minutes, kid."
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Jesus Christ. How did I get myself into this? [walks to a nearby table and begins to pray] God? Please uh, I know I screwed up. I should have never pretended to have Tourette's Syndrome, but see, ah I get it now. You can't just walk around saying whatever you want. You gave us a filter because, people don't wanna hear things like ""I touched penises with my cousin!"" [covers his mouth quickly] Ahaab, ahaabuh. And, and I learned, you especially can't say whatever you want on national television, 'cause, there could be kids watching. Please, God, don't make me embarrass myself on national television. You... must see how this is all somewhat your fault, right? Please, I need a miracle."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"KSPC Channel 4, outside, night, moments after the program began. Kyle jumps into view wearing dark camouflage and a headset at the parking lot entrance"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Tango, this is Foxtrot. Are you in position?"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,[using a walkie talkie] Copy Foxtrot. Tango in position. Awww shit!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,You sure you don't wanna back out?
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"Nono, you were right. The fat kid is faking it! If he goes on TV, more people will think that having Tourette's is fun. Asshole shit!"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"All right, then we go with the plan. Just like ""To Catch A Predator"". [a light brown car pulls in] The first guy is here. This is probably HotForBoys219. [the car stops and Thomas looks around]"
Le Petit Tourette,HotForBoys219,"[walks up to Thomas] Hi, are you CuteBilly182?"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,Yeah. I was chatting with you online. SHIT!
Le Petit Tourette,HotForBoys219,"[shaking with excitement] Oh God, I'm so turned on right now. This is your house? Your, your parents aren't home, are they?"
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"N-no, it's cool. Go on inside. I made brownies. SHIT! I'm just gonna slip into something more comf'table. COCK!"
Le Petit Tourette,HotForBoys219,[dances by] Okay. Cock! Don't take too long. [laughs and prances into the studio]
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,The studio set. The opening segment is finished.
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"So now let's meet a child who haaas Tourette's Syndrooome, and who must fi- [the audience doors open and HotForBoys219 prances down the aisle laughing]"
Le Petit Tourette,HotForBoys219,"Ho, whoa, wait a minute. This ain't no house."
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,[stands up angrily] What are you doing?!
Le Petit Tourette,HotForBoys219,"[gasps and hides his face] Chris Hansen?! Oh no, it's a setup! I knew it!"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Sir, why don't you take a seat, right over there."
Le Petit Tourette,HotForBoys219,"Now everyone's gonna know I'm a perv! Whoa! [takes out a gun and shoots himself in the head. Nearby audience members move away, and the audience gets restless]"
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Aw, not again."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,The green room. Cartman paces back and forth. The door opens and Kyle walks in
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Kyle?
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"Surprise, fatass!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"Kyle, what are you doing?"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"I went online posing as a boy who would have sex with older men, and told them to meet me here. My plan worked perfectly! [car horns blare outside, and Kyle goes to take a look. The parking lot quickly fills up as drivers park and leave their cars.] Whoa."
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,Outside. Thomas sees the pedophiles coming and motions them into the studio
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 2,"[walks up to Thomas and waves a Wendy's bag in front of him] Hey, I brought you some Wendy's."
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,"Yeah yeah, go on in. There's a hot tub inside. STUPID SHIT!"
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 2,Score! [goes inside]
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,The studio set. The driver stops in his tracks
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 2,"Oh no, it's Chris Hansen! [drops his meal and shoots himself]"
Le Petit Tourette,Audience Members,Whoa! Who is that? What's going on?
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,What the hell is going on?!
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 3,"Wait a minute. Oh God, it's Chris Hansen! [shoots himself]"
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 4,Chris Hansen! [shoots himself]
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 5,Dateline?! [shoots himself]
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 6,I knew it! [shoots himself]
Le Petit Tourette,Pedo 7,"There aren't really brownies! [shoots himself. More pedophiles enter and kill themselves, and the audience begins rushing out of the studio]"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,Outside. Chris Hansen finds Thomas.
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,Hey! Do you have something to do with this? Answer meee!
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,Stupid shit! Cock! [more audience members rush by]
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"What?! Nobody talks to me like that! Why don't you take a seat? Take a seat, right over there."
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,Suck it! Asshole licker dickfart!
Le Petit Tourette,Hansen,"Why, you lil- I'll, I'll tell on you! [leaves, and there are no other adults left]"
Le Petit Tourette,Craig,"[walks up to Thomas] Wow, you're the coolest kid in the world. If I could call Chris Hansen an asshole-licking dickfart to his face, I would be sooo happy."
Le Petit Tourette,Thomas,You would?
Le Petit Tourette,Craig,"Could I just like, hang out with you sometime? Like, do your laundry maybe?"
Le Petit Tourette,Scene Description,"The studio set. It's dim, and Cartman and Kyle walk onto the set."
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"[feeling triumphant] Take a look, fatass! I beat you! You aren't going on Dateline; what have you got to say now?! [Cartman is silent for a moment, then hugs Kyle and sobs. Kyle wasn't expecting this]"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,Oh thank you! Thank you Kyle!
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,What?
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"I asked God to send someone to help me, and you came, Kyle! I love you man!"
Le Petit Tourette,Kyle,"No, I- I beat you!"
Le Petit Tourette,Cartman,"You totally saved my ass, Kyle. You must... really care about me. See you Kyle! I gotta get to a psychiatrist and learn to control what I say! [heads up the aisle and out of the studio] I got a golden ticket! Thanks to Kyle! I got a golden twinkle in my eye! [Kyle is alone on set, but Thomas comes up and stands next to him]"
Le Petit Tourette,"Thomas, Kyle",Aww shit!
More Crap,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass hospital, a patient's room. Randy is sitting on a bed as Dr. Doctor checks his vitals. Randy lets out a sigh of pain."
More Crap,Dr. Doctor,"Well, there's no doubt in my mind, Mr. Marsh. You are constipated. [walks over to a table]"
More Crap,Randy,[quite aware] Thanks for the news flash! I haven't taken a crap in over three weeks! The question is why?!
More Crap,Dr. Doctor,"Well, what food have you been eating?"
More Crap,Randy,"P.F. Chang's, mostly. [rubs his belly] Good stuff."
More Crap,Dr. Doctor,"I'm going to prescribe a laxative. [writes out the prescription and turns around] But I must warn you: when you do finally pass this stool, it might be very painful."
More Crap,Randy,"How painful is ""painful""?"
More Crap,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Randy is in the bathroom trying to crap. He strains and groans for a good long while."
More Crap,Scene Description,"an Emmy Award statue floats up into view, and a banner saying ""EMMY AWARD WINNING SERIES"" shimmers after."
More Crap,Randy,"Oh God. Oh, here it comes. [he goes for the final push, which has him pushing himself off the toilet seat by his hands several times. A few seconds later, the banner and award disappear] Whoa, hot! Hot hot! Whoaaa hot hot hot hot hot! [a view from the street. Randy's moans can be heard as he can be seen moving about] Whoa, whoaaa! Whoa hot! Hot hot hothothothot hot hot! [back in the bathroom. The stool finally comes out] Dohhhhhhhhhh! Oooh! Oohoo. [begins to sob from relief] Ohhh, it's over. It's over. [reaches for the toilet paper to wipe his ass clean] Oh God. [puts his briefs and pants back up in place] I feel so much better. Oh. [a view from within the toilet: Randy turns around to flush, but stops, looks down, and crouches down for a better look] Wow... That... is huge. That has got to be the biggest crap I've ever taken. He-... Hey Sharon. Sharon you gotta come see this. Sha-Sharon?"
More Crap,Sharon,"[opens the door and enters] What is it, Randy? Do you have any- [looks in the toilet] OH! [squeezes her eyes closed and covers them with her right arm] Randy!"
More Crap,Randy,Will you look at that? Is that the biggest crap you've ever seen or what?
More Crap,Sharon,[a view from behind the toilet] Flush the toilet for Christ's sake!
More Crap,Randy,"Come on! That's pretty impressive! [Stan wanders in from the hall, and Randy calls him] Wha-hey Stan! Stan, look at this. [Stan walks closer to the toilet]"
More Crap,Sharon,Randy!
More Crap,Randy,[on bended knee next to Stan] Look what your old man made.
More Crap,Stan,No way!
More Crap,Randy,"Huh? Never seen one that big, have you?"
More Crap,Stan,"No, never. [Shelly wanders in and looks in the toilet]"
More Crap,Shelly,"Gross, Dad, sick! [turns around quick and leaves]"
More Crap,Sharon,"All right, will you flush the toilet now?! [crosses her arms]"
More Crap,Randy,"[rises and leans over to flush the toilet. Stan steps out of he way] I'll try, but I don't think- [stand straight again] wait wait wait wait a minute. I gotta call Jimbo first."
More Crap,Sharon,Why?!
More Crap,Randy,Well he's gotta see this.
More Crap,Sharon,"No, we are flushing the toilet right now-"
More Crap,Randy,"[turns around and blocks any access to the toilet] No! Jimbo has to see it so when I tell the guys how big it was, they'll know I'm not lying!"
More Crap,Sharon,"Oh, for the love of God, Randy! [turns left and leaves]"
More Crap,Randy,"Sharon, this is important! Stan, go call your Uncle Jimbo. I'm gonna stand guard. [spreads his left and hunches down in a defensive position]"
More Crap,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, night. It's open and the sound of men laughing is heard. Inside, the town's men are gathered for Happy Hour. Randy enters the bar"
More Crap,Randy,Hey guys!
More Crap,Gerald,Hey Randy.
More Crap,Stephen,"Oh, hey Randy."
More Crap,Stuart,Are you feelin' better?
More Crap,Randy,"Yeah, I-naw, I'm totally fine now."
More Crap,Jimbo,"You guys shoulda seen the crap Randy took last night! It was honestly, the biggest crap anyone has ever taken. Ever."
More Crap,Randy,[being modest] Well I don't know about ever...
More Crap,Randy,I'm tellin' you this thing was the size of a freakin' football.
More Crap,Randy,[being modest] I guess it was pretty big.
More Crap,Stuart,A football? That's amazing.
More Crap,Stephen,I've never heard of one that big.
More Crap,Gerald,"[chuckles] Oh, my brother took a crap once, that was enormous. It was the biggest in the history of the world, I think. [laughs. The other guys laugh, but Randy shuts up and looks around]"
More Crap,Randy,[softly] It wasn't bigger than mine was.
More Crap,Gerald,"Oh no, seriously, this crap was a monster! [laughs. The other guys join in]"
More Crap,Randy,[softly] Mine... mine was bigger.
More Crap,Gerald,I doubt it. [snicker]
More Crap,Randy,[looks around] You wanna see it?
More Crap,Scene Description,"Randy's study, later. Randy leads the other men in towards a covered display case. Present are Jimbo, Gerald, Skeeter, Stephen and Stuart. Randy takes off the wraps and steps back so the other guys could behold the greatness that is Randy's crap."
More Crap,Stuart,Oh my freaking Lord.
More Crap,Skeeter,That did not seriously come out of your ass.
More Crap,Randy,"Oh yes, it did. Go ahead and check it for splits. It's one solid piece."
More Crap,Gerald,Jesus...
More Crap,Randy,"[feeling vindicated] That uh, a little bigger than your brother's there, Gerald?"
More Crap,Gerald,It's... other-worldly.
More Crap,Stephen,"Randy, have you called the people from the Guinness Book of World Records? I mean, this might seriously be the biggest crap in history!"
More Crap,Randy,[gets out a spray can of water] That's why I gotta make sure to keep it safe. [spritzes the poop so it doesn't dry up and crack apart under the two lights it's under]
More Crap,Sharon,[at the doorway] Randy Marsh!
More Crap,Randy,[quickly hides everything under the wraps] Aw crap!
More Crap,Sharon,What the hell do you think you're doing keeping that thing in our house?!
More Crap,Randy,"The guys agree, Sharon: it could be a record holder."
More Crap,Sharon,Why are men so obsessed with how big their crap is?!
More Crap,Scene Description,"Guinness Book of World Records, corporate office, day. In the secretary pool, a secretary picks up a phone"
More Crap,Secretary,"Guinness World Records America. How can I help you? [listens while typing with the right hand, then stops altogether] The biggest crap? We actually don't keep track of that record, sir. [listens] Because we don't want to. [listens] Look, we get calls from men all the time who believe they took the biggest crap, and we simply can't handle all the measuring and verification. [listens] You need to call the European Fecal Standards and Measurements Office in Zurich. [listens] You're welcome. [hangs up and resumes typing] Jeez, another one. [the phone rings again and she picks up] Guinness World Records America."
More Crap,Randy,"[gets through. The other guys stand by the sofa] Uhh yes, hello. My name is Randy Marsh, and I believe I took the world's biggest crap. [holds a thumbs up. The other guys do as well]"
More Crap,Secretary,"[long sigh, then flatly] You need to call the European Fecal Standards and Measurements Office in Zurich. Their number is listed on their Web site."
More Crap,Scene Description,"European Fecal Standards and Measurements Office, Zurich, day. Majestic music plays. Inside, a woman and several men in judge's robes walk around chatting with other officials"
More Crap,Chubby Official,"[hands a manila envelope to a balding gray-haired man] Herr President, take a look at this. [the president opens the envelope and looks at a picture within it] It is a crap sent to us from the United States."
More Crap,EFSM President,Very niiice. [it's a picture of Randy measuring the crap with a measuring tape and grinning at the camera] Has it been checked for accuracy?
More Crap,Chubby Official,"It appears to be legitimate, based on the photo. We estimate that the crap is over eight and a half Courics!"
More Crap,EFSM President,[serious] We'd better get on a plane. Right away. [smiles]
More Crap,Scene Description,"Randy's study, some days later. Three representatives of the EFSM Office are inside inspecting the crap as Randy watches on, and sniffing from time to time."
More Crap,EFSM President,"Hm, enshnusen?"
More Crap,Chubby Official,Verron snusunarich.
More Crap,EFSM President,"What was your primary diet for this poo, Mr. Marsh?"
More Crap,Randy,"Uhh, mostly P.F. Chang's. General Tso's Chicken... Oh and uh, and a lot of uh Aunt Jemima's Frozen Sausage Biscuits in the morning."
More Crap,Chubby Official,I believe I detect some cabbage as well?
More Crap,Randy,"Ohh yes, I had a lot of kim chee."
More Crap,Sharon,[at the doorway] You have got to be kidding me.
More Crap,Randy,"[turns around and marches towards her] These guys are from Zurich, Sharon! They're Europeans! [the EFSM President joins Randy]"
More Crap,EFSM President,"It is a tremendous crap, Mr. Marsh."
More Crap,Sharon,For the love of God!
More Crap,EFSM President,Your crap officially weighs... 8.6 Courics
More Crap,Randy,Courics...
More Crap,Chubby Official,The standard measuring unit for human feces. One Katie Couric is approximately two and a half pounds of excrement.
More Crap,EFSM President,The current record is a crap weighing 7.5 Courics.
More Crap,Randy,But that means...
More Crap,Third Official,That's right. You are the new world's champion!
More Crap,Randy,"Really?! Yuh, you mean, REALLY?! [jumps for joy] Hey Stan! I uh- Hey Sharon! Hey everybody! [walks off]"
More Crap,EFSM President,"Well, I guess we'd better call the old champion and let him know his record has just been broken."
More Crap,Scene Description,An awards ceremony.
More Crap,M. C.,"He has won twenty-two Grammy's, countless humanitarian awards, and is the only person ever to be nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, and the Nobel Peace Prize. Ladies and gentlemen, Bono! [fanfare goes up amid applause. Bono rises from his seat on stage and struts over to the mic. He grabs the award from the M.C., kisses his left index and middle fingers, and throws the kiss off to the audience]"
More Crap,Bono,[wearing a fancy straw cowboy hat] Thank you. Thank you so much for this newest award; it means so much. [a phone rings and he looks around] Oh. Excuse me. I must be getting another award. [reaches into his pocket and pulls out a cell phone. He answers it] Yes?
More Crap,EFSM President,"Yes, Bono, sir, we wish to inform you that your record for biggest crap has just been broken."
More Crap,Bono,What?! That's impossible! How big was it?
More Crap,Scene Description,"The White House, day. An elaborate stage with three massive LCD screens is set up. ""Stars and Stripes Forever"" plays"
More Crap,Senator,"We are here to honor the first American to bring home the distinguished EFSM medal for biggest crap ever taken. [applause. The Marshes are present. Randy is decked out in garlands. Sharon looks quite embarrassed. Jimbo, Gerald, Stephen, Stuart, and Skeeter are behind them]"
More Crap,Randy,"Hey look, Sharon, it's the President! He-hey Sharon!"
More Crap,Senator,"To present the award I give you the dean of the EFSM, Sir Orloff Broloff. [makes way for the dean, who is also the president]"
More Crap,Broloff,"Thank you, Senator. For over a hundred years, the European Fecal Standards and Meas-"
More Crap,Chubby Official,Herr Broloff! Herr Broloff! [whispers into his ear]
More Crap,Broloff,"Das shpoitenhoff? [to the crowd] Ahhh ladies and gentlemen, I understand we have just received a special video-taped announcement from Bono!"
More Crap,People in Crowd,Oh! Bono? Cool!
More Crap,Broloff,"Could we play the tape on the big screen, please?"
More Crap,Scene Description,The tape. Bono appears onscreen without his hat.
More Crap,Bono,"Hello everyone! I, am Bono. [""BONO"" flashes on the screen a few times, then a short montage with real life photos of Bono performing and holding his awards follows]. ""Hello, hello, helloooo. Yeah yeah yeah yeah."" [""BONO"" flashes on the screen a few times more, then he speaks] For years it has been my honor to try and bring focus to the needs in Africa, and today, I have very exciting news. Last night, at twenty past eight, I took a crap weighing nine and a half Courics."
More Crap,Crowd,Whoa!
More Crap,Sharon,[lifts her head up] Bono?! [a black and white photo of Bono laying on his stomach while looking into the camera with his hands directing the viewers to the giant crap. The monster appears next to a Grammy award for comparison - the Grammy looks like a toy]
More Crap,Bono,"As you can see, it is one solid piece. [another black and white shot of him adoring his massive crap on a cushion flanked by two Grammys] It is my biggest crap to date, and I swear to its authenticity. Thank you, and God bless. [an exiting montage follows with the text ""BONO"" flashing on the screen.] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!"
More Crap,Broloff,"You heard it, ladies and gentlemen! The official biggest crap is... 9.5 Courics! Congratulations to Bono! [fanfare goes up amid applause]"
More Crap,Man,Bo-no! Woo-ooo!
More Crap,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Randy sits on the edge of the back porch crying. Stan comes out to check on him"
More Crap,Stan,"Dad, um, I think dinner's almost ready."
More Crap,Randy,"[from the heart] I almost did it. I almost made something of myself. You know, when you get real close, you start thinking that maybe your life is gonna matter. [sobs some more] I mean, this was something I made! Something that came from me! That was a part of me! The only thing I ever made that was any good!"
More Crap,Stan,"Gee, thanks a lot, Dad."
More Crap,Randy,"[instinctively replies] You're welcome. [continues] And I just,.. I know that this late in my life I'll never come so close to finally having ...meaning."
More Crap,Sharon,"Come on guys, lasagna's ready."
More Crap,Randy,"[angrily] Oh. Lasagna's ready. [turns around] You hear that, Stan? Mom says lasagna... is ready! I can see through your sarcasm, Sharon!"
More Crap,Sharon,What are you talking about?
More Crap,Randy,"[walks up to her] You can say it, Sharon! I know Bono's better than me! I'm sorry I'm not Bono, all right?! Sorry that I don't have... billions of dollars and a Nobel prize nomination!"
More Crap,Sharon,"Randy, this is ridiculous!"
More Crap,Randy,"[offended] Oh, that's real mature, Sharon! Just act like everything's funny! It's a big joke to you, isn't it?! Just a big joke! [Sharon avoids eye contact] Don't touch me! [pulls away a bit, then goes back inside the house]"
More Crap,Sharon,[to Stan] Can you believe him?! All this over what guy took the biggest crap!
More Crap,Stan,"You don't understand, Mom. You just don't understand. [turns around and walks in]"
More Crap,Sharon,Wha? Wha?
More Crap,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, night. The men are gathered there again for Happy Hour, but they're all depressed."
More Crap,Jimbo,How come they just let that Bono guy send a picture of his crap?
More Crap,Stuart,"'Cause he's Bono, that's why."
More Crap,Stephen,But he could have faked it. It isn't fair!
More Crap,Randy,Doesn't matter. He's got the record now; there's nothing I can do.
More Crap,Gerald,[slams his fist on the counter] Oh yes there is! You could do it again!
More Crap,Randy,[incredulous] What?
More Crap,Gerald,Think about it: you weren't even trying to take the biggest crap last time. Imagine if you actually worked at it!
More Crap,Stephen,[getting enthusiastic] Hey. Hey that's right.
More Crap,Randy,Nooo. I can't go through all that again. It's too much.
More Crap,Skeeter,"Come on, Randy. I'll bet you can crap that big again easy!"
More Crap,Stuart,"With the right diet and training, who knows what you're capable of?"
More Crap,Randy,"[rises and heads for the door] Guys, forget it! It's over! It was a fluke crap; I'll never take one that big again!"
More Crap,Stephen,"Is it over, Randy?! We all saw that crap you took! That was no fluke! There's something inside you that made you able to do it! Randy, you have a gift. Now who knows why God chose you, but he did! And if you walk away now, you'll always... wonder... how big a crap you could have taken!"
More Crap,Randy,[with some resignation] I would need a lot of help.
More Crap,Gerald,That's what we're here for.
More Crap,Jimbo,"Come on, Randy, what do you say?!"
More Crap,Randy,"I say... [turns around] Let's give Bono a run for his money! [the other men are glad to hear this, so they mob him and talk about it] Yeah!! [shakes his head like a lion] YYEEAAHHHH!"
More Crap,Scene Description,CNN Headline News.
More Crap,Anchorman,"Tonight, a possible attack on Iran may mean the beginning of a new war in the Middle East."
More Crap,Sharon,Oh no.
More Crap,Anchorman,"But first, the record for the world's biggest crap: will it again be broken?"
More Crap,Sharon,[disgusted and annoyed] Agh!
More Crap,Anchorman,"Randy Marsh of Colorado is now three weeks into his quest to make a new crap, spending nearly every waking hour at P.F. Chang's. [a shot of Randy feasting away on noodles, shrimp, crab legs, etc.]."
More Crap,Female Anchor,Is this really newsworthy?
More Crap,Anchorman,You just don't understand.
More Crap,Female Anchor,You're right. I don't.
More Crap,Anchorman,"[the camera zooms in on him] At the same time, some people are questioning Bono's current record entry, saying nobody has ever seen it in person. Bono could not be reached for comment, as he is currently in Africa helping the needy."
More Crap,Scene Description,"An African sunset. Bono dances down a dirt street in a slum, singing ""Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah..."" His phone rings and he answers it."
More Crap,Bono,"Hello, hello."
More Crap,Broloff,Marsh is attempting to break the record again. We thought you should know.
More Crap,Bono,He can't beat my nine and a half Courics!
More Crap,Broloff,Well he's going to try.
More Crap,Bono,"Fine, but he has to take the crap in front of you! In Zurich."
More Crap,Broloff,"Bono, we've never had that rule before."
More Crap,Bono,"I's the only way you can know 'e's not cheating! If he doesn't crap in Zurich, it shouldn't count!"
More Crap,Scene Description,"Back at Hell's Pass Hospital. Randy is looking quite bloated now, almost... pregnant."
More Crap,Assistant,"Ultrasound is very simple, Mr. Marsh. We're going to use harmless waves to look inside your belly. Just gonna put some warm gel on your stomach first. [does this and lets it spread]"
More Crap,Randy,Oooooo.
More Crap,Assistant,"Okay, take a deep breath. [Randy takes the breath and the assistant puts the camera on the belly, then turns to the monitor to his right] I see the crap now. I can't say for sure, but I, I'd say is about... 14 Courics. [Skeeter, Stephen, Stuart, Gerald and Jimbo are now shown in the room with smiles on their faces. Jimbo is sitting on a chair near the bed holding Randy's hand.]"
More Crap,Jimbo,Fourteen?! [grins]
More Crap,Stephen,"That's great, Randy!"
More Crap,Randy,"Can I, can I see it?"
More Crap,Assistant,"Sure. [swivels the monitor towards Randy] This is your colon, a-and here... [softly, warmly] is the feces growing inside your belly. [a musicbox begins to play as Randy marvels at his poop]"
More Crap,Randy,Ahhh...
More Crap,Scene Description,"an Emmy Award statue floats up into view, and a banner saying ""EMMY AWARD WINNING SERIES"" shimmers after."
More Crap,Gerald,"[rushes into the room] Guys, we have a problem! [the Emmy and banner disappear] I talked to the EFSM and they say Randy has to take the crap in Zurich."
More Crap,Randy,In Zurich?
More Crap,Gerald,They say that Bono is demanding it and that their hands are tied.
More Crap,Assistant,"I'm sorry Mr. Marsh, I I cannot condone you traveling on an airplane in your condition. It is never safe to fly during your turd trimester."
More Crap,Scene Description,"Bono's mansion, big enough to be a hotel. Stan is at the front doors, ringing the bell. A butler opens the doors."
More Crap,Stan,"Hi, could I speak with Mr. Bono, please?"
More Crap,Butler,"Mr. Bono, you have a young gentleman caller! [two doors fly open and Bono dances out of a ballroom]"
More Crap,Bono,"Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [stops in front of a mirror] Get the jet ready, Bovis! I've got to be going. [puts on his hat]"
More Crap,Stan,"Hi, my name is Stan Marsh. My dad's trying to beat your record for biggest crap."
More Crap,Bono,"Oh right. He can't make it to Zurich, right?"
More Crap,Stan,That's kind of what I'm here for: Do you really need the biggest crap record? Could you maybe see your way to just... letting my dad have this one?
More Crap,Bono,[turns around to face Stan] Let him have it? Why would I do that?!
More Crap,Stan,"Look, you you gotta understand, sir. My dad's never won an award for anything. Ever. He doesn't have one single trophy. I mean, even I have a second-place trophy for most Sports Illustrated subscriptions sold."
More Crap,Bono,[walks over to his trophy section and whips out a trophy containing an open magazine.] I have the first-place trophy for that.
More Crap,Stan,"[a bit shocked] Dude, don't you have enough? I mean, you got tons of money, a jet, and the biggest rock band in the world, a hot wife, and, you've been knighted. I mean, at some point, can't you just kind of... fuck off?"
More Crap,Bono,[puts the trophy down and goes back to the mirror] I want people to know that I'm worth something. That I matter.
More Crap,Stan,"All I'm asking is that maybe with this one thing, let my dad be number 1. A-and you can still be number 2."
More Crap,Bono,"[insulted] Number two?! NUMBER TWO?! [he turns around and charges towards Stan, grabbing him. He then throws Stan up against a gold record on the wall and holds him there]"
More Crap,Stan,Agh!
More Crap,Bono,Nobody calls me that anymore and gets away with it! Take it back! TAKE IT BACK!
More Crap,Stan,I take it back!
More Crap,Bono,Say I'm not number two!
More Crap,Stan,You're not number two!
More Crap,Bono,"That's right! I'm not! [releases him and dances back to the ballroom, singing away.] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! [The butler returns]"
More Crap,Stan,What is wrong with that guy?
More Crap,Butler,Your father is in grave danger. Come with me! [Stan follows him out]
More Crap,Scene Description,"EFSM Office, Zurich, day. In the main lobby, Randy is on a toilet made for this occasion, pushing hard to get that poop out, but it's taking a while... He takes several quick breaths to try again... He pushes hard again. Bono is present for the delivery."
More Crap,Chubby Official,It must be quite a crap.
More Crap,Jimbo,"Come on, Randy. You have to push! [Randy takes several more quick breaths and pushes...]"
More Crap,Scene Description,The German Autobahn. Bono's butler zooms down the road with Stan riding along
More Crap,Stan,What are you saying?! How do you know my dad is gonna die?!
More Crap,Butler,Because nobody has ever taken a crap that big before!
More Crap,Stan,So Bono's newest record is a lie!
More Crap,Butler,"Look, I first knew something was wrong when I looked at Bono's first award for biggest crap. It said he took it in 1960."
More Crap,Stan,So?
More Crap,Butler,"So that's the year Bono was born. Then it all made sense to me. How could Bono be so talented, so caring, and yet seem like such a piece of crap? Because he is crap. Don't you get it? Bono is not the record holder..."
More Crap,Stan,He's the record.
More Crap,Butler,[whispers] Yes.
More Crap,Scene Description,"EFSM Office, Zurich. Randy has yet to squeeze it out."
More Crap,Randy,[in frustration] I can't do it! I can't do it!
More Crap,Assistant,"The crap is simply too big, Mr. Marsh. We must perform a Caesarean!"
More Crap,Randy,"But then, does it still count?"
More Crap,Bono,Oh no! The biggest crap means you crapped it out!
More Crap,Broloff,"I believe that's true. We are sorry, Mr. Marsh, but, if you cannot crap out the crap, it's not really a crap."
More Crap,Randy,[sobs] No... Nooo...
More Crap,Jimbo,"There there Randy, you... You gave it your best shot."
More Crap,Randy,I want my wife. Sharon? Sharon? [she walks up to him]
More Crap,Sharon,[pissed off] What?!
More Crap,Randy,"I'm sorry, Sharon. Sorry that I let you down. Sorry I can't crap like Bono."
More Crap,Broloff,"Well congratulations, Bono, it appears your record is intact."
More Crap,Bono,I had a feeling it would be.
More Crap,Stan,"[runs in] Wait! Stop! Dad, your old crap counts. Bono never took a second crap to beat yours."
More Crap,Bono,Get him out of here!
More Crap,Third Official,"What are you talking about, young man?"
More Crap,Stan,Somebody's been keeping it a secret. Bono was never the record holder! He's the record!
More Crap,Bono,It's not true! Kill the kid! I want him dead!
More Crap,Broloff,"It's too late, Bono. The boy has learned the truth."
More Crap,Chubby Official,"Herr Broloff, what do you know of this?"
More Crap,Broloff,"It's true, I'm afraid. You see, until Mr. Marsh came along, I was the record holder for the biggest crap. I took it back in 1960. It was the most amazing crap I'd ever taken."
More Crap,Bono,Poppa no! Say nothing more!
More Crap,Broloff,"Come to me my... darling precious child. [Bono sobs and walks over to him. Broloff hugs him] After I had broken the record I took the crap home. I was so proud of it that I... decided to keep it, to try and raise it like a child."
More Crap,Bono,No Poppa... No Poppa...
More Crap,Broloff,"[strokes his hair] There there, my little crap. [props Bono's chin up] Don't cry. [unbuttons his coat, vest, and shirt] Here, do you want the biddy? Hm? [holds his left breast out to Bono] Does Bono want the biddy? [Bono whimpers and begins sucking on the teat] Yes, he likes the biddy doesn't he?"
More Crap,Stan,Dude.
More Crap,Broloff,"I kept the crap in my office, nursed it, fed it biddy. And soon biddy made him strong. Biddy made him grow up! Into one of the most influential figures of our time. [looks down] Easy Bono, that hurts the biddy."
More Crap,Bono,Biddy. [keeps sucking]
More Crap,Broloff,"My little crap has accomplished many things. But he could never shed the fact that he was really... a number two. So he spent his life trying to be number one, in everything."
More Crap,Stan,"That's why he's able to do so much, try to help so many people, but still seem like such a piece of shit."
More Crap,Chubby Official,"You have blemished this noble society's good name, Herr Broloff."
More Crap,Broloff,Have I?! [pops Bono off his tit. Bono tries helplessly to return to the tit and suck on it] Look at the crap I took all those years ago! Bono is now almost six feet tall and over 80 Courics in weight! No matter how you look at it he IS still the record!
More Crap,Randy,"Oh God, here it comes! [everyone gathers around him again, even Sharon] Ohhh hot-hot-hot-hot! HOTTT-hot-hot-hot-hot-hot! Hot! Hot! [he poops, and begins to rise and spin as the poop piles on] Ho-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ot... [finally stops. Beneath him is a pillar of poop almost six feet tall]"
More Crap,Third Official,My God...
More Crap,Chubby Official,It must be over a hundred Courics!
More Crap,Stan,"Dad, are you all right?"
More Crap,Randy,"Yeah, I'm... [looks down at his accomplishment] I'm good! [arms akimbo] Feel a lot better."
More Crap,Scene Description,"an Emmy Award statue floats up into view, and a banner saying ""EMMY AWARD WINNING SERIES"" shimmers after."
More Crap,Chubby Official,"[approaching] Mr. Marsh, we apologize, and if it's okay with you, we would like to present you... your long overdue trophy. [the banner disappears, but the official reaches out and grabs the Emmy. He walks over and jams it into the pillar of poop. Everyone claps except Stan and Sharon.]"
Imaginationland,Scene Description,"The forest outside South Park, day. The camera pans down from the trees and settles on the forest floor, on which Cartman appears, followed by Tweek. Cartman is dressed like a lumberjack, with flannel shirt, vest, and rope."
Imaginationland,Cartman,"All right, let's try over here. [points straight ahead. Jason appears behind them] Set up traps there, and there as well. [points right] Last time I saw him he ran right through here. [moves, revealing Stan further back. Cartman moves to his left, and Kyle is seen sitting on a fallen tree]"
Imaginationland,Kyle,"This is so retarded, Cartman. You've got everyone believing your stupid story."
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[sets up a trip wire between two stones] It isn't a story, it's true! I saw a leprechaun. I've seen him come through here three days in a row now. [drops the rope, walks forward, and whips out a walkie-talkie] Hawk Eyes, this is Dragon Wind. Do you copy?"
Imaginationland,Clyde,"This is Hawk Eyes. We've set up the net and we're standing by. [behind him are Jimmy, Jason, and Craig hoisting the net into place]"
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Copy that, Hawk Eyes. Keep surveillance tag Alpha Niner. Dragon Wind out. [Tweek joins Stan in the background]"
Imaginationland,Kyle,"Just admit you were lying, Cartman, so that everyone can go home!"
Imaginationland,Cartman,"O-ho no! We have a deal, Kyle! If I can prove there's a leprechaun, you have to suck my balls, remember?! [whips out his walkie talkie] Dragon Wind to Blackie: What's your six, Blackie?"
Imaginationland,Token,[pissed off] ... I don't want the code name Blackie.
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Code names are what they are, Blackie! Check your six and alert when in position! [puts away the walkie talkie and gets back to setting the trip wire.]"
Imaginationland,Kyle,This is fucking retarded!
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Hahaha, getting nervous, Kyle? When that leprechauns shows up you must suck my balls! Don't forget I have a signed contract from you. [finishes setting the trip wire]"
Imaginationland,Kyle,"Yeah, and if you couldn't prove there was a leprechaun, you have to give me ten dollars! Now just pay up and stop being stupid!"
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[whispers loudly] Goddammit, why hasn't it shown up yet? [whips out the walkie talkie] Dragon Wind to Faggot! Come in, Faggot!"
Imaginationland,Butters,[stands on a lookout platform with a telescope next to him. He answers in a subdued manner] This is faggot. Go ahead.
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Faggot, I need you to keep surveillance North to North East. Check back in five."
Imaginationland,Butters,"Okay, will do. Faggot out. [turns right and looks through the telescope] Waagh."
Imaginationland,Kyle,"Okay, that's enough. [hops off the tree and walks forward] Everybody! Cartman is just pulling one of his stupid tricks on everyone, because he's trying to get out of a deal he made!"
Imaginationland,Cartman,"It was here, I swear it! I don't know why it's not showin' up this time!"
Imaginationland,Kyle,"You didn't see a leprechaun, fatass! If you could prove it, I had to suck your balls, but if you couldn't, you had to pay me ten dollars! Pay up!"
Imaginationland,Butters,"Uh, I got somethin'! I got it! [the other boys turn and pay attention] It's uh... Oh jeez I thnk it's a leprechaun!"
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[to Token] Set off diversion track C! [Token sets off a small bomb under a pile of leaves. Nearby a leprechaun skips into view, then stops upon seeing the boys]"
Imaginationland,Stan,Dude...
Imaginationland,Jimmy,"Fuh, fuck me, it's a leprechaun."
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[charging forth] Get it! [the leprechaun runs away, and all the boys except Kyle, who is dumbfounded, give chase] Get that fucking leprechaun! I want it alive! [the leprechaun crawls under a tree trunk and gets up. He trips over a rope and a net descends on him; he dodges it and runs off. He runs into a bush and trips a sliding door, which drops down behind him. It traps him in a cage. He looks around for a way out, but sees the boys crowd in.]"
Imaginationland,Butters,Wow.
Imaginationland,Stan,Cool.
Imaginationland,Craig,No way.
Imaginationland,Token,Whoa.
Imaginationland,Jason,Wow.
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[making his way through, out of breath] Eugh! Uh, move aside! Move aside! All right, butthole, where's the gold?!"
Imaginationland,Leprechaun,You lads don't know what you're doin'. I need to deliver an important message! There's goin' to be an attack!
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[gets out a Bowie knife] Tell me where the gold is or you die! [unsheathes it] Slow! [the leprechaun makes a rainbow with his right hand, and it teleports him out and disappears]"
Imaginationland,Stan,Where'd he go? [the leprechaun appears on a tree limb behind the boys; they turn to look at him again]
Imaginationland,Leprechaun,"I was sent to warn of a terrorist attack, but you boys have made me late. Now the terrorists will prevail! The end is near! [the leprechaun makes a rainbow with his right hand, and it teleports him away and disappears]"
Imaginationland,Craig,Dude.
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[walks up to Kyle and clears his throat] Kyle, suck my balls. [brings out the contract both of them signed. Kyle stands motionless]"
Imaginationland,Scene Description,SOUTH PARK KYLE SUCKS CARTMAN'S BALLS THE TRILOGY
Imaginationland,Scene Description,"The dining room. The family is at dinner, eating silently. Kyle has got something on his mind, as he's not eating."
Imaginationland,Kyle,"Dad, where do leprechauns come from?"
Imaginationland,Gerald,[not skipping a beat] From Ireland.
Imaginationland,Kyle,So... why would one come to America to warn us about a terrorist attack?
Imaginationland,Sheila,"Kyle, leprechauns aren't real. You're almost nine now; you need to understand the difference beween real and imaginary."
Imaginationland,Kyle,I thought I did. [the doorbell rings and Sheila rises to get the door]
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[walks in with the contract and a camera] Ohhh, Ms. Broflovski, how are you this fine evening?"
Imaginationland,Sheila,"Oh,hello Eric. [leads him to the dining room] Kyle, your friend is here."
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Hello, Mr. Broflovski, Ike. Nice evening, isn't it? Well Kyle, shall we go up to your room for a few minutes."
Imaginationland,Kyle,"[gets off his seat and stands between Cartman and the table] Get out of here, Cartman, we're eating dinner!"
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Uhh, Kyle, I believe a certain someone is supposed to put a certain set of balls in their mouth."
Imaginationland,Kyle,"I'm not doing it, fatass!"
Imaginationland,Gerald,Doing what?
Imaginationland,Cartman,"We had a deal, Kyle!"
Imaginationland,Kyle,Just get out of here!
Imaginationland,Cartman,"[walks up to Kyle] You signed an agreement, Kyle!!"
Imaginationland,Kyle,I don't care if I signed an agreement!
Imaginationland,Gerald,"Ah hey now Kyle, if you made a deal with somebody, you have to stick by it."
Imaginationland,Cartman,"Thank you, Mr. Broflovski."
Imaginationland,Gerald,What was the agreement?
Imaginationland,Kyle,"That if he could prove leprechauns exist, I would suck his balls."
Imaginationland,Sheila,Whatwhatwhat?!
Imaginationland,Cartman,"And there was a leprechaun! You saw it, Kyle!!"
Imaginationland,Scene Description,"A neighborhood clearing, day. Stan, Butters, Jimmy, and Kenny are working on a massive snow sculpture. Kyle walks up to them."
Imaginationland,Kyle,Hey dudes. [the boys stop and pay attention]
Imaginationland,Jimmy,"Hey Kyle. So, ...how was it?"
Imaginationland,Kyle,How was what?
Imaginationland,Jimmy,Sucking Cartman's b-balls.
Imaginationland,Kyle,"I didn't suck his balls, all right?! And I'm not going to!"
Imaginationland,Stan,"[walks up to him] Dude, why did you ever agree to suck his balls in the first place?"
Imaginationland,Kyle,"Uch, I didn't think there would actually be a leprechaun! And I still don't! Why would a leprechaun be warning us of a terrorist attack?! There's another explanation for all this."
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"[dressed in a Southern Victorian outfit, polka-dotted yellow pants, and curled shoes] Excuse me. Have you boys seen a leprechaun anywhere lately?"
Imaginationland,Stan,...What do you know about the leprechaun?
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"Ooooo, then you did see him. [twirls] That's splendiferous! I want you to tell me everything he said. Where was he? What was he doing?"
Imaginationland,Kyle,All right I've had enough! Leprechauns are imaginary!
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"Well of course they are. But just because they're imaginary doesn't mean they're not real. Haven't you boys ever used your imagination? [whips out a striped cane and turns to Stan] You young man! How would you like to be a cowboy? Or a- swashbuckling pirate? [moves over to Kyle] And you! How would you like to be an astronaut, faaar out in space? All it takes is a little... [taps his head with his left hand] imagination."
Imaginationland,Stan,Who the hell are you?
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"Still not convinced, eh? I tell you what, boys. What say we all take a ride on my... Imagination Flying Machine? [before them appears an elegant red blimp with four smaller yellow balloons from which hangs a small wooden ship with three wheels underneath it for landing on solid ground]"
Imaginationland,Kyle,Dude.
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"Hop aboard, kids. I have something to show you."
Imaginationland,Butters,"Uhhh, are you gonna rape us?"
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,[confused] Ubeuh... uh... n... no?
Imaginationland,Butters,"Ah, all right then."
Imaginationland,Stan,"Come on, guys. [the others follow him, with Butters trailing.]"
Imaginationland,Butters,"Watch it, fellas. I'm pretty sure this guy wants to rape us."
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"All aboard the Imagination Balloon! [sounds the boarding bell and lifts off as the boys draw up the rope ladder.] Some people feel imagination isn't real, but I tell them that they're wrong, 'cause whenever I want to play and pretend, I just sing the Imagination Sooong [the song consists of the one word ""imagination,"" repeated. The ship floats lazily over the countryside, then over the Platte river and a bridge, then over another river flanked by meadows and woods, and ever higher into the sky, then over the Rockies]."
Imaginationland,Kyle,[at his limit] Are you gonna take us somewhere or not?!
Imaginationland,Fanciful Mayor,"Oh- Ohhh. But my boy, we're already here."
