Royal Pudding,Tooth,"I am a tooth, so white and so strong."
Royal Pudding,Toothbrush,I am a toothbrush. My bristles are long.
Royal Pudding,Cast,"Together we work to keep the bad guy away. He's mean and he hurts, and his name's Tooth Decay. [the notes turn ominous and stops. Kyle steps out in costume.]"
Royal Pudding,Kyle,I am Tooth Decay. Your teeth shall be mine. With candy and treats I will take-
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"[as Kyle does his line] Hold it, hold it, stop! [Kyle stops] What. The fuck. Was that?"
Royal Pudding,Kyle,I'm just doing the line.
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"The audience is supposed to feel scared of tooth decay, Kyle! Hukay?! If Tooth Decay has no believability, then Tooth Past and Dental Floss have nothing to play against!"
Royal Pudding,Kyle,"Uh I'm trying, Mr. Mackey, I really am."
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, you're trying! You call rolling your fat ass out on the stage and lazily blurting out your lines like a turtle takin' a shit, you call that tryin'?! This play is supposed to change [pounds the table with his fist and stands up] how people think, Kyle! Get it fucking right! [slamed the mic on the table and turns away from the stage. Several seconds later he turns back and sits] Pick it up from there!"
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,And open field. A huge crowd of Canadians awaits its orders
Royal Pudding,Leader,"Brave Canadians! You have answered the call, and now we must face our greatest foe! The princess has been kidnapped, and we believe this to be the work of... the giant!"
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,"Oh, the giant!"
Royal Pudding,Canadian 1,"Oh, the giant, that's not good."
Royal Pudding,Leader,"We are attempting to attract the giant now, with a bowl of Kraft dinner. [a giant bowl of macaroni and cheese on wheels is shown] When the giant arrives we will attack him with our guns, our swords, our- [loud footsteps are felt as the giant approaches]"
Royal Pudding,The Giant,Fee fi fo fum! I smell Kraft dinner.
Royal Pudding,Canadian 2,It's the giant!
Royal Pudding,Canadian 3,Skod! [the giant walks up to the bowl and everyone else begins to scatter]
Royal Pudding,Leader,"Give us back the princess, Scott!"
Royal Pudding,Scott,You fart-loving tricksters! I'll take care of all of you!
Royal Pudding,Leader,"You're a dick, Scott! You have always been... a dick! And then you got radiation poisoning in Ottowa and now you're a giant dick!"
Royal Pudding,Scott,"No! You all kept calling me a dick, and so then that turned me into a dick! And then I got radiation poisoning in Ottawa and now I'm a giant dick!"
Royal Pudding,Leader,Just hand over the princess of Canada!
Royal Pudding,Scott,Why would I take the princess of Canada?
Royal Pudding,Ike,Because you're a giant dick.
Royal Pudding,Scott,I'm also the biggest Canadian patriot of all of you! You know that I would never harm the royal family!
Royal Pudding,Leader,"Aw, crap. Sorry everyone. Looks like we had some bad intel. Return to your homes! [""Let's go home. Come on, let's go. I guess we did what we could"" Everyone disperses and Ike and Bob are left alone with Scott]"
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,"Well, at least we tried. I guess the princess is gone for good, eh?"
Royal Pudding,Scott,"What is wrong with you people?! It is perfectly obvious who took the princess! I might be a giant, but there is one threat to Canada bigger than me!"
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,Who?
Royal Pudding,Scott,The Native Canadians.
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,The Native Canadians?
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,The Arctic. Two Eskimo are spear-fishing through an opening in the ice.
Royal Pudding,Scott,There. You see that? God-damned Native Canadians! Think they run the world.
Royal Pudding,Male,Etiach kedni i kia ta po.
Royal Pudding,Female,Dichila enjunako o achla.
Royal Pudding,Scott,Fart-loving eskimos! I'm sure they've taken the princess! Just look at them! Loudmouthed self-centered assholes!
Royal Pudding,Female,Tolato'n jenako o ach.
Royal Pudding,Male,Ota-a kiednia unshke tia.
Royal Pudding,Scott,"Let's get 'em! Let's fuck them up! [Ike looks at him] What? You're looking at me like I'm some sort of Eskimo racist! Well I'm not! Think about it! Before the noble white man arrived, Canada was populated with these snow monkeys! Who else would be pissed off enough at Canada to kidnap our royalty?! [turns around to find himself and his partners surrounded by the Eskimos] Oh shit!"
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary auditorium, back stage. Mr. Mackey has the kindergartners with him"
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"Wokay, in fifteen fucking minutes you all are not gonna care about this anymore, so I'll just say what I need to say. That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had! We are two days away from opening and you're all fuckin' around!"
Royal Pudding,Dental Floss,That's because Tooth Decay sucks.
Royal Pudding,Dentist,"Yeah, that's right."
Royal Pudding,Toothpaste,It's all Tooth Decay's fault.
Royal Pudding,Another kindergartner,It's him.
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, don't put this all on Tooth Decay! [approaches Dental Floss, gets down on one knee and gets in his face] Let me tell you something, Dental Floss! You're not as good as you fuckin' think you are! You're already acting like you're a star and we haven't even opened yet! OPEN YOUR FUCKIN' EYES, DENTAL FLOSS! YOU'RE ABOUT TO BLOW YOUR SHOT!"
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"An Eskimo camp. Scott, Ugly Bob, and Ike have been taken captive by the Indians and are seated by the campfire"
Royal Pudding,Group,Lechambik leeushtula.
Royal Pudding,Male,[pointing at various pictures on a hide] Ateachine nishifeomeo onchteacobo ahuashbechiah eh...
Royal Pudding,Group,Aaaaaah!
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,He says that the taking of the princess was foretold.
Royal Pudding,Male,Iyach danich Iyahachdashey. Etiapo kitte kihine.
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,"He says Eskimos do hate us Canadians, but that there's an even bigger thread to Canada who has the princess."
Royal Pudding,Male,Oteacha hiya. Oteacha chihiyata honhahaha.
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,"He said the evil that took her wasn't Canadian at all, but a beast who preys upon people of all nationalities. They can lead us to the best, but we will have to destroy it."
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary auditorium, day. The kindergartners and Kyle are onstage while Mr. Mackey sulks in the seats"
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"I don't know what the Goddamned problem is. Maybe you all don't know serious tooth decay is, maybe you all just don't give a fuck. You all probably think you can live your lives cavity-free, m'kay, never givin' two shits about the plaque that's building on your teeth. Kyle, you have single-handedly destroyed all that which I worked on for the past six years. And so I want you to know, Kyle, once and for all, why this whole ""dental hygiene"" thing is so important to me. [gets sad and sniffles once in a while] Two years ago, I lost my father to tooth decay. M'kay? He was an intelligent, hard-workin' man, and my whole family watched as tooth decay took him in the blink of an eye! You've been told to brush and to floss, but do you really know the importance behind it?! DO YOU?!"
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,The Arctic. An eskimo woman with a kid on her back leads the three guests through the ice
Royal Pudding,Female,[points to something] Dolede'ne junagonehe ha'i aantah.
Royal Pudding,Scott,"This is stupid! I'm tellin' you you're making a mistake, kid!"
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,"Aw, leave the kid alone, Scott."
Royal Pudding,Scott,"Well what are we doing, following this ice beaner?! We've been walking around for hours!"
Royal Pudding,Female,Junekolak osne kae dedahaes's ethlah?
Royal Pudding,Baby,Decheheng janon cheha i a.
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,"Don't worry. If there's one thing eskimos are good at, it's finding things."
Royal Pudding,Scott,Eskimos are good for nothing! I paid one to give me a blowjob once. All she did was rub her nose against my penis for forty five seconds and aske me to pay her! Goddamned polar gooks!
Royal Pudding,Ike,"Stop being a dick, Scott!"
Royal Pudding,Scott,"Oh, so now I'm a dick!"
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,Wait a minute. [they stop] Look! [in the distance is a castle. A princess inside it screams out]
Royal Pudding,Princess,AAAAAAH! [leaves the window]
Royal Pudding,Scott,It's the princess!
Royal Pudding,Ike,Princess! [they all run to the castle]
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary auditorium, opening night for the previews. The seats are full and the kindergartners present their play"
Royal Pudding,Cast,Your teeth are your friends. They're friends in your mouth. Take care of your friends or they'll rot and fall out.
Royal Pudding,Dentist,Visit your dentist. He is your friend too. [a very angry Mr. Mackey is in the audience barely containing himself]
Royal Pudding,Dental Floss,And dental floss also is here to help you.
Royal Pudding,Kyle,"Oh no, dental floss, what will I do?"
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,FLAT! You're FLAT!
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"Inside the castle, the five make their way to the princess."
Royal Pudding,Scott,There!
Royal Pudding,Princess,"[hoisted up in the air. Her arms are tied to the ceiling, her legs to the ground] Please, save me! You have to hurry! It wants to kill me!"
Royal Pudding,Scott,"Who took you, Princess?!"
Royal Pudding,Princess,"I should have listened! I didn't believe it was real! Oh God! It's behind you! [a giant monster appears behind them, and they turn to see...]"
Royal Pudding,Scott,Of course! The evil atonkatok! The dark lord that takes from ALL nationalities! It's... Tooth Decay!
Royal Pudding,Tooth Decay,[pounds the ground with his fists] I am Tooth Decay! Your teeth shall be mine!
Royal Pudding,Princess,I should have always brushed and flossed and avoided sweets!
Royal Pudding,Scott,"Fart-loving tooth decay! I'll fix you! [tries to attack Tooth Decay, but Tooth Decay swats him out of the way. Scott hits a wall and is knocked unconscious by it. The eskimo hits it with her harpoon, but it just pulls the harpoon out and tosses it away]"
Royal Pudding,Female,"Bitchen junako. [Tooth Decay sweeps her away and she and her baby smash into another wall, becoming unconscious]"
Royal Pudding,Princess,Save me! Save me!
Royal Pudding,Ugly Bob,It's coming for me! Help!
Royal Pudding,Princess,"Help! [Ike surveys the situation and then, determined, goes over to Ugly Bob. He climbs Bob's body until he reaches Bob's head]"
Royal Pudding,Ike,"Princess, look away! [pulls the paper bag from Ugly Bob's face. Tooth Decay backs up, frightened. The princess shuts her eyes and Tooth Decay takes a step forward, then freezes in place. Ike puts the bag back on Ugly Bob's head]"
Royal Pudding,Scott,"[comes to] What the? [gets up and goes to Tooth Decay] You did it, kid!"
Royal Pudding,Female,[comes to] Washia hayub 'an.
Royal Pudding,Baby,Nejenego ha'i aa dalah. [Ike begins taking down the princess]
Royal Pudding,Princess,"Oh, thank you! Thank you!"
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary's auditorium, opening night for the previews. We have reach intermission"
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"[the audience can hear him even though he's backstage] I want you all to take a serious fucking look at yourselves! M'kay?! Act I was pure fucking dogshit! If Tooth Decay is singin' flat, then the whole fuckin' thing sounds flat! Wuhkay?!"
Royal Pudding,Sgt. Yates,[goes backstage] Mr. Mackey? Mr. Mackey! [Mr. Mackey turns around] We're putting a stop to this play! It's over.
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"What?! Why?! Don't worry, I will be better! These kids just aren't listenin' to me!"
Royal Pudding,Sgt. Yates,"No. it's over! They got him, Mr. Mackey. Tooth Decay. They got the sonofabitch."
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,[suddenly relieved] What?
Royal Pudding,Officer,Up in the Yukon. All bureause are confirming it.
Royal Pudding,Sgt. Yates,"You can let it go, Mackey. Tooth Decay is gone."
Royal Pudding,Mr. Mackey,"Oho... Oh God... Go on home, kids. M'kay? It's over!"
Royal Pudding,Toothbrush,[everyone is confused] What?
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"The abbey church, day. Bells shaped like scrota peal out as guests arrive in theier square-wheeled limos"
Royal Pudding,Narrator,"The princess now giving the Canadian Medal of Courage to Ugly Bob, and also to Scott, who is of course a giant dick, aaand Katuktuk of the Yukon. And the medal of course made of white chocolate, as is tradition. What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore, the world. The duke of Calgary standing up and putting on a fake beard, a tradition passed down since the birth of Canada. The princess now knighting Sir Ike Broflovski, giving him three kisses and a pair of socks, as is tradition."
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. The four boys are watching the wedding and knighting on TV"
Royal Pudding,Kyle,"I mean, come on guys, that's pretty cool, right? My little brother is a knight in Canada. [smiles proudly for a while]"
Royal Pudding,Stan,My sister is a den leader in Girl Scouts.
Royal Pudding,Cartman,My uncle is the second-in-line to be manager at Gart Brothers.
Royal Pudding,Kyle,"Hmmm, yeah."
Royal Pudding,Narrator,And now the scraping off of the pudding.
Royal Pudding,Scene Description,"The abbey church, day. The wedding resumes where it left off at the beginning of the episode"
Royal Pudding,Narrator,"And now the scraping off of the pudding. [the princess wipes the pudding from the prince's arms] Isn't she beautiful, scraping off the pudding with the grace of a butterfly. She rubs the pudding on her face. [The prince takes the princess's right arm and starts pulling at it] The prince now attempting to remove one of the princess's arms. As is of course the tradition. The princess screaming with pain. Everyone watching with anticipation. [""crack"" blood gushes out from the shoulder socket] And the arm is off! Things are back to normal here in Canada. Time-honored traditions are once again- [the prince lowers his pants] yehhss, the prince is sticking the princess's arm up his ass. There it goes. [the crowd claps] He's really making a good go of it. What a glorious day for Canada, and therefore of course, the world."
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Cafeteria, lunch time. The students are eating lunch. Butters holds court at a table. Around him are Stan, Token, Clyde, Kevin, Kenny, Craig, and Kyle"
T.M.I.,Butters,"And so then, and so then it turns out the Terminator secretly had a kid, ten years ago. Meaning Terminator could be his own father. And then Skeletor gets angry and wants to fight him."
T.M.I.,Kyle,"[looks at Craig, who looks back] ...No, dude, that's not the trailer for Terminator 5, that really happened."
T.M.I.,Butters,[jumps up on the bench] Skeletor is real??
T.M.I.,Stan,"No, dude, that's not Skeletor, that's Terminator's wife."
T.M.I.,Butters,Skeletor's a lady??
T.M.I.,Cartman,[storms into the cafeteria and walks towards the table] Goddamnit!!! [Butters sits back down] Who the fuck do they think they are?! [arrives and starts pacing back and forth] This is the last fucking straw!!! I AM GOING TO FUCKING KILL EVERYBODY!!!
T.M.I.,Butters,Hey Eric.
T.M.I.,Cartman,[begins to rattle the table] I AM SO SICK OF THIS FUCKING SCHOOOOOL!!! [Butters groans as Cartman shakes the table. Cartman soon stops] This stupid school and its stupid principal have gone too far this time!!!!
T.M.I.,Kyle,"You get in trouble again, Cartman?"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"No, I didn't do a damn thing!!! Nothing!!! I told you, this school is a DEN of SNAKES!!! You're not gonna believe what they did this time, you guys!!!"
T.M.I.,Stan,"Dude we're, we're just trying to eat."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Oh, you think I'm overreacting again, huh?! No!!! Not this time!!! [flies into a rage again and rattles the table] The school has gone too far, and it affects each and every one of you!!! [the other boys look at each other] You remember the school physical we all took last week?!"
T.M.I.,Stan,Yeah.
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Well, the school put the sizes of all our penises up on a big chart in the school hallway!!!"
T.M.I.,Kyle,"[skeptical, as is tradition] No they didn't."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Yeah they fucking did, Kyle!!!"
T.M.I.,Stan,"Dude, why would the school put up the sizes of our wieners?"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Because they don't fucking care!! I've told you this!! They don't give a shit about the students, and they live to make us miserable!!"
T.M.I.,Kyle,That doesn't make any sense.
T.M.I.,Cartman,Go look for yourselves!!!
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"The school hallway, moments later. The boys gather in front of the chart Cartman had mentioned"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"There, you see?! Can you fucking believe it?!"
T.M.I.,Butters,Is that really all our wiener sizes?
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Yeah, dude, look at it! It says right there: ""Eric Cartman, 1.2 inches""! [turns around and faces the other boys] Why would they tell everybody that?! They wanna measure my wiener?! Fine! But don't put me on blast!"
T.M.I.,Craig,"Craig Tucker, 2.4 inches. Yeah, that's about right."
T.M.I.,Butters,"Butters Stotch, 2.2 inches. Is that good?"
T.M.I.,Kyle,"How big do they say mine is? [it's 2.4, just like Craig's. The boys continue talking amongst themselves. At the far end of the hall, Principal Victoria and Mr. Mackey walk by and stop to look at the boys; Mr. Mackey is carrying a cup of coffee]"
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,I told you the students would be interested in how much they grew since their last physical.
T.M.I.,Mr. Mackey,"You're right. They, they really seem into it, m'kay. [takes a sip of coffee and walks away with the Principal]"
T.M.I.,Stan,"Wait, it says mine's only 2.1 inches. That doesn't seem right."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"No shit, Sherlock! My dick isn't 1.2 inches either! It ISN'T! This is another conspiracy by the school faculty!"
T.M.I.,Butters,A conspiracy?
T.M.I.,Cartman,"They're trying to stir up some big thing again, get all the girls all heated up - freaking out - over which boy has the biggest schlong! This has to be dealt with!"
T.M.I.,Kyle,Well everyone has already seen it; nothing we can do about it now.
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Oh, there's something we can do about it alright! If they're gonna put us on blast, they're at least gonna get the numbers right! We are going to remeasure!!"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"The Boys restroom, day, inside. Craig, Token, and Cartman have notepads with them. Clyde is standing on a small stool with his pants and briefs down."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"[measures, then writes down the result on his notepad] Alright. Clyde Donovan, 2.3 inches. [Clyde zips up and turns around] You see, witnesses? That's .2 inches more than what the school said."
T.M.I.,Clyde,"[smiles, steps off the stool, and walks away] Alright."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Nice one, Clyde. Alright, next? [Butters walks up and gets on the stool] Whip it out, Butters. [Butters drops his pants and briefs]"
T.M.I.,Butters,"Whoa, it's a little chilly in here."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Alright Butters, let's see what you got going down there."
T.M.I.,Butters,"Hey wait, the cold is making it shrink some. Where're you going, little feller?"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Butters, I don't have time for this! I can't wait if your wiener is pulling a Scared Turtle."
T.M.I.,Butters,"Hang on, he's coming back out. There he is. Who's a little guy?"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Alright Butters, looks like we haaave 2.- wow, 2.4 inches. Really nice, Butters."
T.M.I.,Butters,I'm hung like a horse!
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Alright, that's everybody. Let's go post these numbers. [walks towards the door with Butters, Token and Craig, but their way is blocked by Stan, Kyle, and Kenny.] What?"
T.M.I.,Kyle,Didn't you forget something?
T.M.I.,Cartman,"What, Kyle?"
T.M.I.,Kyle,You measured everyone's wiener except for yours.
T.M.I.,Cartman,I measured mine this morning. See? It's right here at the top. [points to his measurement]
T.M.I.,Kyle,[grabs the notepad and has a look] Thirteen point seven inches?
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Yeah, it's pretty good."
T.M.I.,Kyle,Your wiener is not 13 inches long!
T.M.I.,Stan,You made everyone else get measured with witnesses; you have to too.
T.M.I.,Cartman,Well what are you guys going to do?! Use a tape measure and measure my penis yourselves?! Are you homos?!
T.M.I.,Stan,You just did that to everybody in class!
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Okay, fine! Whatever! Go ahead! [goes to get measured by his peers.]"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"The school hallway. Clyde and Craig post the new measurements on the wall: ""ACTUAL BOYS' PENIS SIZES"". Stan supervises the placement of the sign"
T.M.I.,Stan,Yeah. That's good. A little higher on Craig's side. [continues directing until the poster is on just right] Yeup. [Cartman stands defiant until the poster is up. The girls begin to enter the hallway]
T.M.I.,Millie,Actual boys' penis sizes?
T.M.I.,Nelly,Gross!
T.M.I.,Cartman,"There, you see? My wiener isn't 1.2 inches, it's 1.4! [The two girls leave and Red walks by] What, Red?! You're all freaking out because my wiener is smaller than the other guys'?! I don't care! [wanders about approaching random girls] Clearly I'm very happy with the size of my wiener, or else why would I have called for a new measurement, and for this poster to be put up at all?! Don't forget that this was all my idea!"
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,[over the PA system] Eric Cartman to the principal's office immediately.
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Oh, Goddamnit!"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"The principal's office, moments later. Cartman is on a chair facing Principal Victoria, his arms folded."
T.M.I.,Cartman,Let me guess: I'm in trouble again!
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,"You're darn right, Eric!"
T.M.I.,Cartman,For what?!
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,Why did you measure all the boy students' penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?!
T.M.I.,Cartman,Why did YOU measure our penis sizes and put the results on the school bulletin board?!
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,[confused] What?
T.M.I.,Cartman,"I don't care if Obama IS President! You don't go around putting little boys on blast, telling the whole world the length of their DICKS!"
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,Wait. Are you talking about the numbers we published Tuesday from the physicals?
T.M.I.,Cartman,"You're damn right! One point two inches! I'll have you know that my penis is a respectable 1.4 inches! Maybe it's still the smallest in school, but it's .2 inches bigger than you said!!"
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,[sternly] The numbers we put up were height differentials. [Cartman has no reply to this]
T.M.I.,Cartman,What?
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,We thought it would be fun to put up how much each student has grown in height since their physical last year. You grew 1.2 inches.
T.M.I.,Cartman,Those weren't our dick sizes?
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,Why would we publish the lengths of our students' private parts?
T.M.I.,Cartman,I don't know! Why would you?!
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,We didn't!
T.M.I.,Cartman,[gets off the chair and walks off] Aw crap! You mean everyone knows my wiener is smaller than everyone else's because of me?!
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,"This is exactly the kind of thing we are always talking about, Eric. You get angry about something, you don't think, and you cause bad things to happen. This time you've done it to yourself!"
T.M.I.,Cartman,Oh God. Why couldn't I have just taken a minute to think about it?
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,"Because you have an anger problem, Eric!"
T.M.I.,Cartman,Fuck you! No I don't!
T.M.I.,Scene Description,A doctor's office. Cartman and his mom are visiting the doctor.
T.M.I.,Doctor,"What we need to figure out here is, are we dealing with maybe a little bipolarism? Some rage addiction? It could be a lot of things."
T.M.I.,Liane,"My little sunshine has a temper sometimes, but he's not all bad."
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Let's try a little experiment. I wanna see maybe what kind of things... trigger you, Eric. Okay? How do you think you would react if I said some negative things about you?"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Honestly, I wouldn't really care."
T.M.I.,Doctor,"What if I were to tell you that I think you're fat? I think you're a fat little boy. I think you're waaaaay too fat for your age. Does that make you feel any anger? Huh, fatty? Jelly-belly? You got jelly in your belly you little fat fuck? You get a little flash of anger when someone tells you you've got tits like a 40-year-old woman? Fat boy?! [as the doctor's voice rises, Cartman takes out a cell phone and starts texting] Huh?! You like that, shitty-titty jelly-belly?! [stands up and starts provoking him] Oh yeah, he's a big boy!! Get that fatty some mud flaps for his ass!! Big old jiggly fatty butt!! [Cartman seems unfazed, so the doctor relents and sits down. Cartman continues texting, clears his throat, and resumes texting] ...Huh. Well, I just don't see it, Ms. Cartman. Your son doesn't seem to be triggered by anger at all. In fact, I'd say he's one of the more even-tempered children I've ever seen."
T.M.I.,Receptionist,"[opens the door and peeks in] Sorry Doctor, your wife's on the phone? Says it's an emergency. [leaves and closes the door]"
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Excuse me. [leaves his chair and walks to his desk, where he picks up the phone] Carol, what? ...Whoa, calm down honey. What do you mean? Web chat with wha-? What 14-year-old girl? Carol, I would ne- [Cartman puts down the phone quietly. Liane simply notices, but stays quiet] No I don't have a criminal record. Who would- Who is Mitch Conner?! There can't be an official police report, honey, there's no- No no, Carol, put down the gun, swee- uh sweetie, come on, put down the [""blam.""] Carol?! Carol!! [looks at Cartman]"
T.M.I.,Cartman,[coldly] I'm not fat. I'm big-boned.
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Library, evening. Principal Victoria has called a school meeting. Mr. Mackey is present."
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,"Thank you for coming, parents. We called you in because we've had a little incident at the school. The fourth grade boys measured their penises and posted results in the school hallway."
T.M.I.,Randy,Oh dear.
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,"Now, we realize this issue can have a troubling effect that can get blown out of proportion."
T.M.I.,Randy,Did they measure from the base or from the balls? [no one says a thing for six seconds]
T.M.I.,Mrs. Stevens,How does the school let things like this happen??
T.M.I.,Principal Victoria,"Now now, boys' fascination with their genitalia is a natural thing. We... simply need to find a way to help the students understand what they've done."
T.M.I.,Randy,[stands up and faces the other parents] I'm a scientist. I think it's best I handle this.
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Fourth Grade Class. Mr. Garrison has given class time to Randy, who is reclining on Mr. Garrison's desk casually."
T.M.I.,Randy,"Hello students, my name is Dr. Marsh, and I'm gonna talk to you a little bit about what happened at the school yesterday. How do a man and a woman... make a baby? Anybody? A man and woman, what do they do to make a baby? How about the little girl in the brown coat? Yeah you."
T.M.I.,Girl with Brown Coat,[first appearance on the show] They have sex?
T.M.I.,Randy,"Good! The man puts his penis [makes a fist with his left hand.] Okay? Into the woman's vagina. [pronounces the g with a heavy h sound and jabs his left arm through the air, through an imaginary vagina formed with his cupped right hand] Okay now, sometimes, a man can feel like how long his penis is, is actually important. But is it? When you boys measure your penis length, the truth is it doesn't really matter. What does matter is [starts writing the equation on the board: (L×d)+W/G)/(∠∝(2@t)] Length times diameter plus weight over girth divided by angle of the tip squared, okay? When we're talking about penis size, we can't just use a tape measure. We need a scale [pulls down the projector screen] and... [pulls something out of his back pocket] a protractor as well. [walks to a projector] Let's look at it on the graph here.. [wheels it into view and positions it right in front of the screen, then turns on the projector. A picture of a happy, naked man in profile appears on the screen. The length of his penis is 8 inches, the angle is 135 degrees] Follow along with me on your study sheets, kids."
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"A classroom. A sign is shown which reads ""1. know why you are mad 2. know what makes you mad 3. know how to let go of anger"". Cartman and the others in attendance are seated in a circle with their arms folded and looking angry"
T.M.I.,Doctor,I want to congratulate all of you for making the effort to come to anger management class.
T.M.I.,Bodybuilder,"We didn't make any effort, we didn't have a choice!"
T.M.I.,Tea Bag Participant,Yeah! This is bullshit!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Together, we're gonna learn what makes us angry, okay? And how to better deal with it so we don't get ourselves into trouble anymore."
T.M.I.,Michael,So lame! Why doesn't everyone just die?!
T.M.I.,Tuong Lu Kim,"Rook! Ifuh somebody ordereduh shitty beef, anduh complain because they say they ordereduh shitty shrimp, It's notuh my fault he gets the shitty chicken poured all over hisuh fucking head!"
T.M.I.,Tea Bag Participant,"We have good reason to be angry! This country is going to shit! We have exactly twelve days before the oil is gone, and our president is a socialist who wasn't even born in America!"
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Right. See, what we all need to do is chaaannel our various reasons for anger, and learn to control it."
T.M.I.,Wigger,"[stands up and grabs his crotch] Man, this shit wack, man. I just seen all this shit frontin' mahn. [drops into a wide leg stance] I don't understand, it like my pops ain't no fuckin' good mah. [makes a phone gesture with his other hand] Bitch be callin' me, tappin' that shit, man."
T.M.I.,Cartman,Why the fuck am I here?!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Well, Eric, because I know you want to... control your anger and become a better person."
T.M.I.,Cartman,Are you saying I have problems like these fucking people?!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"[panics and drops his pen] NO! No! I'm not saying that, at all. Please I, I'm just saying how a-, amazing you are for wanting to... l-lessen some of your more... less awesome attributes."
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Oh, that's cool."
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Fourth Grade Class. Randy continues his lecture."
T.M.I.,Randy,"And so, by dividing the weight and the girth of the penis by the angle or the- what do we call it again? The yaw? The yaw of the shaft? What we finally get is the adjusted penis size, or, T.M.I. Any questions so far? Yes, little girl over there."
T.M.I.,Girl with Blue Vest,[first appearance on the show] What's a penis?
T.M.I.,Randy,"[six second later, after mulling what his answer would be] ...Ah, good question. Ahh, the penis is the thing we're talking about that boys have that we're... measuring. [now quickly] Okay any other questions? Okay, so then let's move on to the example on your study sheet. How about you? Could you read the first example for the class? [a girl is shown] Example 1, young lady. Please read the problem out loud"
T.M.I.,Riley,Example 1: Randy has a penis that is 4.4 inches in length.
T.M.I.,Randy,[writes the number on the board] Four point four inches...
T.M.I.,Riley,Its angle is 32 degrees. Its flaccid girth is one inch in diameter. His balls are seven centimeters from the base.
T.M.I.,Randy,Seven centimeters...
T.M.I.,Riley,"Randy notes that the drift of his penis is four centimeters to penis right, and its dead weight is .5 kilograms."
T.M.I.,Randy,"Great! And so divide by the 17. carry the 1, and we can see that Randy's adjusted penis size, or T.M.I., is... 6.3 inches. Do we got that? Randy's length is 4.4 inches, but his adjusted length is 6.3. So how does our example person ""Randy"" compare to others on the T.M.I. scale? By referring again to the T.M.I. chart, we see that a T.M.I. of 6.3 is .8 inches more than the national average. [grins at the class]"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"Anger Management Class, later."
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Okay, what we're going to do now is get to the root of all your anger. Daniel, could you stand up please? [Daniel stands up with his arms still crossed.] What makes you the angriest, Daniel?"
T.M.I.,Daniel,[the Tea Bag participant] Stupid-ass blind liberals!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Okay, great. Chase, could you stand up and pretend to be a stupid-ass blind liberal? [the bodybuilder stands up and walks up to Daniel] And what makes you angriest, Chase?"
T.M.I.,Chase,Scrawny-ass sissies!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Okay, Daniel's a scrawny-ass sissy, he just cut in front of you in line at the bank. Go!"
T.M.I.,Chase,"Hey! What, do you think I got a small dick?! Huh?! [strikes him on the chest]"
T.M.I.,Daniel,Huh I don't have a small penis! My wife thinks my penis is perfectly fine!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"[doesn't say anything for a few seconds] ...Okay. Uh, why don't we uh do some roleplaying now with Wayne D, who gets angriest at his mom. [Wayne D stands and moves to the center of the room] Gretchen, can you play Wayne D's mom for us? [Gretchen, a butch woman, stands up and walks to the middle of the room]"
T.M.I.,Wayne D,"Yo, bitch! You think you bad? Just 'cause you're a mom don't mean I can't put a cap in your ass, bitch, mang!"
T.M.I.,Gretchen,"I may be female on the outside, but I still have a bigger penis than you!"
T.M.I.,Wayne D,"[begins to tear up and drops the gangsta act] I don't have a small penis! Don't say that, it isn't true! It isn't true!"
T.M.I.,Tuong Lu Kim,[stands up and yells in frustration] That's enough! I've beem sick of everyone talk aboutuh penis shize!
T.M.I.,Daniel,"[stands up and yells] Yeah, it doesn't matter! It doesn't matter!"
T.M.I.,Doctor,"[if he wasn't sure before, he is now] Does... everyone here have an issue with their penis size?"
T.M.I.,Chase,No.
T.M.I.,Gretchen,No.
T.M.I.,Tuong Lu Kim,Not me.
T.M.I.,Daniel,Nnnooo.
T.M.I.,Wayne D,"No, my, my shit be packing, manh."
T.M.I.,Cartman,My penis is 13 inches long.
T.M.I.,Doctor,Hmmm.
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's room, day. The kids have another guest speaker"
T.M.I.,Guest Speaker,"Kids, my name is Rebecca Turnod, and I'm an ""actual doctor"" of human sexuality and behavior. Unfortunately you have been taught some very wrong ideas in the past couple of days, and I am here to set things straight."
T.M.I.,Wendy,Thank God.
T.M.I.,Ms. Turnod,"I want you to try and forget these wild theories and understand that all that's important when it comes to a man and a woman making love is actually [turns around, picks up some chalk and starts writing down the equation on the board: ((L×G)/(∠A°))÷(M/W)] Length times girth over angle of the shaft divided by mass over width- [the classroom door flies open and Randy is at the door, incensed]"
T.M.I.,Randy,"Vou DAMN N MONTAIRE [runs up and attacks Ms. Turnod. She responds with a punch and a kick to the balls. They trade punches as the class looks on. Randy knocks her to the floor, gets on top of her, and keeps punching away]"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"Anger Management Class, a day or two later. Randy is now in there with the other seven members."
T.M.I.,Doctor,"We all want to welcome our new member, Randy. Say hi to everyone, Randy."
T.M.I.,Randy,"Aw, suck it! All o'ya!"
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Now, we've all been trying to channel our anger in more constructive ways, Randy. Why don't you share what's bothering you?"
T.M.I.,Randy,You just don't go around changing math! Who the hell is this chick surgeon general appointed by Obama?!
T.M.I.,Daniel,Goddamn right! Socialist fascist!
T.M.I.,Randy,[has a lighter and tries to torch a chair with it] Power to the people! Burn it down! Burn it down!!
T.M.I.,Doctor,"Mr. Marsh, this is what we're here to try and work on, okay?"
T.M.I.,Randy,"No dude, fuck you! We're burnin' this shit!"
T.M.I.,Doctor,"If you take a minute to think about your anger, and give- [the chair lights up in flames] whoa! Whoawhoawhoa!"
T.M.I.,Randy,Yeeaahh!
T.M.I.,Cartman,Yeah dude!
T.M.I.,Wayne D,"Man, that shit be burnin' an' shit, manh!"
T.M.I.,Gretchen,Yeeaahh!
T.M.I.,Cartman,"[takes his chair and swings it against a wall, where it shatters] Yeah!"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,The class begins to riot. Randy walks to some curtains and sets them on fire.
T.M.I.,Randy,Yeeaahh! [the office is soon destroyed]
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"FedEx Office, day. A clerk and customer do business"
T.M.I.,Clerk,Welcome to FedEx. How can I help you today?
T.M.I.,Customer,"Yes, I've got some birthday presents I need shipped."
T.M.I.,Clerk,"Alrighty, let's see what kind of-"
T.M.I.,Randy,[runs in with the other anger-management class members] Burn it down! [the other members go forth destroying the store. Randy walks up to a huge poster and sets it on fire]
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Burn it down, dude! [Daniel demolishes boxes with a bat while Gretchen takes a pipe to other boxes. Michael holds a knife and kicks some boxes while Cartman takes a small hammer to a huge box. Wayne D fires away with a pistol while Chase fires away with a semi-automatic rifle and Tuong Lu Kim swings a Chinese cleaver around ]"
T.M.I.,Randy,[approaches the counter to set it on fire] Let's see how the American government likes it when we shut down their Federal Express! [Gretchen reappears to bash more stuff up]
T.M.I.,Scene Description,A news report. The media got wind of the riot
T.M.I.,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing outside the FedEx in Fairplay, Colorado, where a radical political group has taken several people hostage. They call themselves the pissed-off and angry party. And they allowed me to speak with them moments ago."
T.M.I.,Scene Description,Recorded earlier. The FedEx staff and customers are huddled on the ground while Cartman and the others stand near them with their weapons drawn.
T.M.I.,Randy,[holding the clerk hostage] This is a call to all angry people! We've had enough! We're gonna hit the government where it hurts! Right in the Federal Express!
T.M.I.,Field Reporter,What exactly are you angry about?
T.M.I.,Randy,"We're angry about this stupid liberal government and fascist lies, media- control, and the-"
T.M.I.,Cartman,The Jews!
T.M.I.,Randy,"Yeah, Jews! And all this stuff that the government's doing!"
T.M.I.,Field Reporter,You've got a lot of people scared. What are your demands?
T.M.I.,Randy,"Well first of all, we want that surgeon general to step down!"
T.M.I.,Chase,Yeeaahh!
T.M.I.,Randy,And we want-
T.M.I.,Daniel,[runs into view] And we want to see Obama's REAL birth certificate! [walks offscreen]
T.M.I.,Randy,"Yeah, we want to see Obama's REAL birth certificate! And um,"
T.M.I.,Wayne D,"[enters from the other side] And my mom gotta stop trippin', manh. [grabs his crotch] Bitch be trippin' all the time, manh. [walks offscreen]"
T.M.I.,Randy,"Yeah, we want our moms to stop trippin', man! 'Cause the bitches be trippin' all the time! And I think that- uhh, [looks back at the other members.] is that it?"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"No, and fuck Kyle!"
T.M.I.,Randy,"Oh yeah, and fuck Kyle! Surgeon general's resignation, Obama's real birth certificate, moms to stop trippin', and fuck Kyle! You got that?! Or else we're gonna bring the Federal Express to a grinding halt!"
T.M.I.,Field Reporter,Does it bother you that the Federal Express is not affiliated at all with the Federal Government?
T.M.I.,Randy,"No. No, that doesn't matter! [releases the clerk and turns to look at the other members] Fuck, really?!"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Butters is measuring his penis again and again and putting down his measurements on a sheet of paper on a small table next to him"
T.M.I.,Linda,"Butters, what are you doing?"
T.M.I.,Butters,"Homework! I just don't get it! That is the fourth time I've calculated, and it's below average! I thought I was hung, but according to my T.M.I., I have a micropenis! [throws down his pencil and notepad in disgust]"
T.M.I.,Linda,Your T.M.I.?
T.M.I.,Butters,"I don't understand it! An' I'm startin'- uhh, I'm starting to feel angry! Rawr! [kicks his bed]"
T.M.I.,Linda,"Butters, put your clothes on."
T.M.I.,Butters,"[begins to vent, pacing back and forth] Oh what's the point, Mom?! What's the point of life anyway?! All you do is yell at me! And the government... wuh, which is led by fascists, and everyone's a Justin Bieber wannabe. I wanna go and drive a Hummer, that's what I wanna do! I wanna drive a car that goes, that goes rawr rawr rawrawrawr!"
T.M.I.,Linda,"Butters, what does driving a car have to do with your penis being small? [outside, some car rev by. Linda and Butters go to his window to look]"
T.M.I.,Driver 1,"[in an SUV on monster wheels] Hey, everyone who's pissed off and angry is rallying to take down America! Join the fight! [peels off]"
T.M.I.,Driver 2,"[in a little red Corvette] We're gonna take down the Federal Expresses, the American Apparels, and the American Furniture Warehouse! [peels off]"
T.M.I.,Driver 3,[in a massive truck] We're fed up and we've had enough! [peels off]
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"The surgeon general's office, day. The surgeon general is there surrounded by her staff."
T.M.I.,Aide 1,"Surgeon general, twelve more FedExes have been taken over; the Pissed Off and Angry Party is gaining more support!"
T.M.I.,Aide 2,They've shut down American Airlines and American Apparels all over the country. We have to ask you to step down.
T.M.I.,Rebecca Turnod,Are you seriously saying we're going to give in to their demands?
T.M.I.,Aide 2,They're all really angry. We have to make them stop. Is the team standing by to fuck that little boy Kyle?
T.M.I.,Aide 3,"Team is standing by, sir."
T.M.I.,Doctor,"[charges in] 'Scuse me. Excuse me, let me through."
T.M.I.,Rebecca Turnod,Who is this?
T.M.I.,Doctor,"[approaches the surgeon general's desk] Surgeon general, I believe I know why this is happening. I have found a direct correlation between the anger, and T.M.I. [goes to a whiteboard and beings writing out the equation: Anger equals (L×W)/(M^2-∠)+YAW ] Anger equals length times width over mass squared minus angle of the shaft plus yaw. [finishes and looks at the surgeon general] Look, we all get angry, but when someone is consistently angry or always finding new reasons to be angry, it means they have a very very very very small dick."
T.M.I.,Rebecca Turnod,"Your theory is fine, doctor, but it doesn't matter. The T.M.I. equation is true solid science, which cannot be changed. There's nothing we can do about it."
T.M.I.,Doctor,Isn't there? Isn't... there?
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"The FedEx in Fairplay, thoroughly destroyed, day."
T.M.I.,Daniel,"We've waited long enough, Randy! Let's start killin' these sons of bitches!"
T.M.I.,Woman,"No, please!"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Yeah, dude, they aren't gonna give us what we want!"
T.M.I.,Wayne D,"Yo let's cap these bitches, manh! Let's cap an leave em at the back of the building, manh!"
T.M.I.,Michael,"[watching a working TV, turns around and calls the other members] Hey, come over here. Look. [turns to watch TV again as the others arrive]"
T.M.I.,Announcer,We interrupt this newscast for an important message from the surgeon general.
T.M.I.,Rebecca Turnod,"Fellow Americans, as you all know, the T.M.I. scale was implemented long ago to assure that each and every American could accurately measure their junk. The established equation is a hundred percent accurate."
T.M.I.,Randy,Rrrr!
T.M.I.,Daniel,Shhh.
T.M.I.,Rebecca Turnod,"However, due to recently collected data, we are making one change. [the T.M.I. scale is shown] The national average for penis length is now officially moved, from 6 inches to 1.5 inches. [the lower regions of the chart shrink and the NICE region takes up the slack] Anyone with a T.M.I. of over 1.5 inches is considered ""above average"". [she puts her stamp of approval to it]"
T.M.I.,Randy,"[takes a step back. Everyone has a smile on their face now, except for Cartman. An electric organ begins to play in the background]. The winds of change are blowin'. There's excitement in the air. Can you feel it? It's electric and magical. The happy train's on track. 'Cause America is BACK! Woohoo! Come on! [the group throw their weapons aside and dance in celebration as they run to the exit. Cartman stands alone.]"
T.M.I.,Cartman,"Wait, what?"
T.M.I.,Scene Description,"FedEx, exterior. Randy pushes the FedEx door open and leads the group outside in a dance. A few police officers run up with smiles on their faces and join them."
T.M.I.,Randy,America is back! America is back!
T.M.I.,Cartman,"[runs outside and tries to get their attention] Wait! According to that scale, I still have a small wiener!"
T.M.I.,Randy,"We're back, we're back, we're back back back! America is back!"
T.M.I.,Cartman,I'm still fucking angry!
T.M.I.,Randy,"Back and we're back and we're back! We're so back, we're so back back back back back back!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"A golden Buddha is shown in a garden. Around him are smaller Buddhas, most of which are golden as well. In front of all this are Terrance and Phillip, dressed in saffron cloth. Terrance farts on Phillip, causing Stan and Kyle to laugh. They are watching an episode of the Terrance and Phillip show."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Phillip,"That one was smelly. Take this Dalai Terrance [sharts on Terrance. Terrance and Phillip laugh, Stan and Kyle laugh]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"[through his laughter] Dude, this is probably the best episode they've ever done!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,I know! This is awesome!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,I'm so happy! [wipes off the tip of his nose]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Announcer,Terrance and Phillip will be right back after these messages. [a commercial comes on]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Singer,So much sufferin'... [continues singing in the background. Pictures of babies in bad shape begin to appear]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Oh no! It's that [puts up his right hand to block his view, shuts his eyes and looks away] super-sad Sarah McLachlan commercial! Look away!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,What?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Dude, this is the saddest commercial ever! Don't watch! [a baby tries to get his bearing in order to crawl, but slowly collapses. Another one looks in a mirror, then lowers his hed]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Sarah McLachlan,"These are images of babies born addicted to crack cocaine. Their mothers have abandoned them. They lie in the dark, crying, with nobody to hold them."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,"Aw dude, that's so sad. [puts up his right hand and looks away]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Why do they have to put this on TV?! [a doctor carries a baby in order to calm him down]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Sarah McLachlan,"Their world is bleak, lonely, and hopeless. [McLachlan is finally shown] Hello, I'm Sarah McLachlan, and I was famous for two months. Each year, thousands of babies are born addicted to crack and lie in hospitals without a mother to hold them. [more pictures are shown] Won't you volunteer today? Look at these pictures. They need you."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,"Awww dude, awwww."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Aaaggh, God."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Sarah McLachlan,"Please. Go to your local hospital now. Here are some more pictures. [one of a baby with two boils on his face, another one of a sickly baby crawling]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"I can't take it anymore! I gotta go volunteer, dude! [runs off, leaving Stan on the sofa looking away]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Colorado Medical Center, day. A nurse walks down the hall with Kyle"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Nurse,It's a really great thing you're doing. We have so many abandoned babies and not enough people like yourself who care.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,What exactly can I do to help?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Nurse,"Just hold them, talk to them, play with them. You'll find they're so hungry for attention. Here's our crack baby ward now. [a large room full of baby cribs] I know it isn't much but, we don't have a lot of funding, you see."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Oh it's, it's so sad."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Nurse,"Come, come, right over here. [leads him to a therapy room] We have a decent room here where you can play with the babies and nurture them. It's actually really great you're volunteering now, because our other little boy volunteer is just finishing up. [the door opens and out walks Cartman]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,Oh. Hey Kyle.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"[at first surprised, now suspicious] What are you doing here?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,I'm volunteering.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,[remains suspicious] ...What are you doing here?!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"[firmly] I'm volunteering my time, Kyle."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Nurse,"Young Eric has been here every day for the past two weeks, bless his heart."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Why do you have a video camera?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"I'm volunteering, Kyle! It just so happens Sarah McLachlan touched my heart. Is that so hard to believe?! [to the nurse] Goodbye, Ms. Williams. See you tomorrow. [walks away]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Ms. Williams,"Bye, Eric. [Kyle just watches as Cartman goes to the elevator and closes its doors behind him]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"I'm sorry, can I come back in just a little bit?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Ms. Williams,"Certainly. We're... here all the time, unfortunately."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Thanks. [walks to a window looking over a parking lot. The nurse walks off in the opposite direction]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"As Kyle watches, Cartman walks through the parking lot and meets Craig. Cartman looks over his shoulder on his way to meet Craig. Kyle decides to follow them and takes the next elevator down. Cartman and Craig stop on the sidewalk around the medical center. Cartman checks his watch as if he's waiting for someone. Day has turned to evening. Kyle hides in the shadows and looks on. Clyde walks up to Cartman and Craig, who has a camera of his own. The three of them chat a bit, then walk away laughing. Kyle keeps his distance, but follows them nonetheless. Cartman, Craig, and Clyde walk up to a slender building in town, next to Tom's Rhinoplasty, and enter it. Kyle arrives a couple of second laster. He enters as well and climbs up some stairs, but doesn't reach the second floor. Instead, he stays a few steps from the top and watches as Cartman, Craig, and Clyde put some mini-VHS tapes on a table for Butters. Butters, typing away on a computer, becomes a video editor, splicing videos from their tapes together."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,What's going on?!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Butters,[startled] Wuuuuhhhhhh! [falls off the chair]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Ah, crap! [rolls his eyes]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Moments later, Cartman, Craig, Clyde, and Butters sit at a table in the slender building and look at Kyle"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Okay Kyle, you caught us. I admit we aren't actually doing volunteer work at the hospital."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,So what are you doing?!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"What if I were to tell you there's a way to help those poor babies born addicted to crack, and give them a future as well."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Alright, what is it?!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Crack baby basketball. [Kyle pushes his chair away from the table, gets up, and begins to leave] Whow, whoa Kyle, don't tell on us! [Kyle reaches the staurs] We could actually really use you!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Why do you need me?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Because we need a Jew to do the bookkeeping. [Kyle heads downstairs] Dammit! [Kyle leaves the building; Cartman races down the stairs to catch up to him] Kyle, wait I- [Kyle slams the door shut and walks away. Cartman opens it and catches up to Kyle] Kyle, hold on a second!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,I knew you were doing something terrible!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"What's terrible, Kyle?! We fill a little ball with crack, we let the crack babies fight over it, and we put it up on the Internet! Who cares?!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Lots of people will when I tell them!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"We made a thousand dollars in eleven days. [Kyle stops walking, then turns around]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,You what?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Ask the guys. There's six hospitals within a ten-mile radius, and all we do is pit the crack babies against each other with a little ball of crack."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,A thousand dollars.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Dude, this thing is huge. And it doesn't hurt the crack babies at all. We're swimming in cash, Kyle. Let me take you out to Denny's. It's Baconalia time."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Denny's, night. Cartman leads the other four to Denny's. He opens the door for them. Boom Boom Pow by the Black Eye Peas begins to play in the background"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,The Black Eye Peas,"Here we go, Here we go, Satellite radio. Y'all gettin hit wit the (Boom, boom!) Beats so big, I'm stepping on leprechauns"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"After you. [the other four enter. Inside, it is packed with people waiting for a table to open.]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,There's a big wait to sit down.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Waiter,"Ah, Mr. Cartman. We have your table waiting, sir."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,Come on. [the other boys follow]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,The boys are seated at a booth and enjoying their meals. They also have a bucket of champagne on ice next to them. They are talking loudly over the music in the background
Crack Baby Athletic Association,The Black Eye Peas,"Shitting on y'all wit the (Boom, boom!) Shitting on y'all wit the (Boom, boom!) Shitting on y'all wit the This beat be bumping, bumping This beat go boom boom! Let the beat rock Let the beat rock Let the beat rock This beat be bumping, bumping This beat go boom boom!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,We started with two crack babies and a camera. Butters did all the Internet stuff. We've built up to a thousand hits a day.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Jesus Christ.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Craig,It's awesome.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"It's a good life, Kyle. We've come here every night for Denny's Baconalia specials."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Butters,Every single night.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Look at the menu. Bacon inside pancakes, bacon meatloaf, they even have a bacon sundae for dessert."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Wow...
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,In the back seat of a limo. Kyle is between Cartman and Butters
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"We are turning this thing into a legitimate sport, Kyle. We're getting Slash to start playing at halftime. And EA Sports is offering us a hundred thousand for the video game rights."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"A karaoke bar. Butters is rapping over ""Boom Boom Pow"" and dancing to a teleprompter. The other boys are sitting down between two Asian ladies, who are holding bottles of Sprite and various plates of food are on their table"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Butters,I like that boom boom pow Them chicks be jackin my style They try and copy my swagger I'm on that next shit now I'm so three thousand and eight You so two thousand and late I got that boom boom boom That future boom boom boom Let me get it now
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"You've got a constant flow of athletes that never dries up, Kyle. And best of all, it's all charity, so it's tax free. [Kyle is about to give in, but still has his doubts. He look down and away]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Back in the slender building, day. Cartman and Kyle can be seen through the second-story window"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,The Black Eye Peas,(Boom boom boom) Gotta get that (Boom boom boom) Gotta get that (Boom boom boom) Gotta get that (Boom boom boom) Gotta get that (Boom boom boom) That (Boom boom boom) That (Boom boom boom) (Boom boom)
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Put your office right here, Kyle. All of South Park walking by, looking up at you."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"[turns away from the window and walks a few steps] And it actually helps the crack babies. It's like volunteering but, but we just make a little on the side."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Somebody's gotta eat all that bacon, Kyle. Might as well be us. Welcome to the firm. [pats Kyle on the shoulder and walks away. Kyle walks back to the window and looks out over the street below. He smiles]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Some boys are in Stan's backyard playing catch with a football. Seen are Jason, Token, Jimmy, Timmy, and Stan. Token stands next to Stan"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,"Go long, Token! Go go! [Token runs across the yard. Stan throws the ball and Token catches it]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Hey Stan. Dude, I want you to have this. It's the twenty bucks I owed you plus thirty dollars interest."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,"Wow, really? [takes the money and starts counting it]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"I got a job, Stan. I am making tons of money doing some really cool stuff."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,Doing what?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Crack baby... basketball.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,[somewhat startled] ...Dude.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"No no, it's n-it's not like it sounds. Here, check it out. [leads Kyle inside and to his room, then gets on the computer and goes to a Web site.] See look, we just video the babies fighting over a ball full of crack. It's really getting popular! [soon, babies are heard. Kyle is showing Stan one of the Crack Baby Fight videos] I mean it, it's cool because like the commercial said, the crack babies had nothing before. [Stan stays quiet] It, it's great, because everyone wins, you know? You see that? Two million hits. [Stan stays quiet] Did you know they're putting bacon inside of pancakes at Denny's?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,A run-down little white house in the poor part of town. Cartman and Butters approach it and knock on the front door. A pregnant woman answers it.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,Betsy MacIntosh?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,Whatta you want?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,We heard about you through the Passages Sobriety Clinic? They said you've skipped out on your rehab once again?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,Oh Gohhhd.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"We need to speak with you, ma'am. [she allows them to come in, and they sit on the sofa while she sits in the armchair.]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,It's like these voices in my head won't be quiet until I use again.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,And so am I correct that you are eight and a half months pregnant and still addicted to cocaine?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,I don't want my baby born addicted to drugs! But I can't stop! [begins to cry]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"[looks at Butters and smiles] Well ma'am, I have some exciting news. [takes his briefcase and opens it, taking out a letter] We would like your child to play for the Crack Baby Athletic Association. [Butters claps in approval]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,[takes the letter and reads it] The what?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"We believe that St. Mary's is the best hospital for your child, and we're prepared to offer it a full ride. Now, do you know yet if your child is male or female, or so deformed you'll never be able to tell?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,They said it's a boy.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,[holds out a pen] Just sign the paper and he'll be playing ball for St. Mary's.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,How much will he make?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Well, nothing. Crack baby players can't make a salary, based on the rules."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,So what? You would make money off of my child? That doesn't seem fair.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"I don't make the rules, ma'am, I just think them up and write them down. Now, if you'll be willing to sign right here we can get things rolling on the-"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy MacIntosh,Cain't you change the rules?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Rgh! Ma'am, the Crack Baby Athletic Association is a storied franchise. It was founded over twelve days ago, with a firm ethical code that strictly states ""benefits to players is detrimentalized to their well-being."" I cannot offer you or your child any cash. I can however offer you a little bit of crack. Butters? [Butters smiles, reaches for his briefcase, and opens it]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Stan's living room. Stan is on the sofa playing a video game. Kyle enters, walks up to Stan, looks down at the floor, and picks up where he left off"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Dude, what actually makes total sense about it, if you look at it, is that the crack babies are finally getting some attention and the care that they need. [glances at Stan] Yeah. It's pretty cool, dude. Because most of these babies would normally not even get out, you know? Huh, or be able to do anything. [glances at Stan again] Just because we are making money doesn't mean that those babies aren't benefiting. It isn't exploiting them. They're finding a useful place in society. What's so unethical about that? [glances at Stan and waits a bit longer for a reply]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,...You sound like Cartmam.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"[puts his right hand on his stomach as if punched there] Ooogh. Dude, the thing is, we're not the ones that made them crack babies. That's their moms' goddamned fault!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,"Yeah, I'm sure that's what Cartman would say too."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"I do not sound like Cartman goddamnit! [frightens himself and glances at Stan, then look away] Okay, so, see ya. [goes out the front door and closes it behind him]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"The slender building, day. Butters is at a desk waiting for calls. Cartman is in his corner office talking to someone on his phone"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,It's the easiest thing in the world! How could you guys have screwed this up?! All I asked you to do was to get Slash to play at half time for the match up between the crack babies at Cedars-Sinai NCU!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,We're just having a hard time finding him.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"[slams his fists on the table] Slash is not hard to find! He'll show up to play anywhere if you pay him! He played at my eighth birthday party, for Christ's sake! Look! Look! He's playing at Lakewood Mall right now! [a shot of Slash on the TV on the wall] Now you guys get down there- [the phone rings] Oh crap, the president of EA Sports is calling. Just go! Go! [Craig and Clyde turn around and leave] Mr. Peters, how are you? Yes sir, we're very excited about our deal with you as well. [As Clyde and Craig go downstairs, Kyle comes upstairs. Kyle looks pissed as he stops at Cartman's desk] Oh, we know the video game version of Crack Baby Basketball will be a big hit too. [softly] Hey Kyle. Have a seat."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,I need to talk to you. [puts a folder down on the desk]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Mr. Peters, can I call you back? Our company accountant needs me. Yes, he is Jewish. Okay, thanks, Mr. Peters. Bye. [hangs up] How's it goin', man?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,[opens the folder] In our deal with EA Sports we are giving them the right to use images of the crack babies and their names. But we aren't paying the crack babies.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,They can't make money. It's against the rules.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,But this video game can make a million dollars. We have to give the crack babies a piece of that.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Kyle, it says right there: Rule number 3. Crack baby players cannot receive compensation of any kind for their playing."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Gut they're the ones risking injury.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"What do you want me to do, Kyle? Find a stepladder of some kind and risk my safety to get up there and change the rules?!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"The government could come after us, Cartman."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"We're a non-profit company, Kyle."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,So then where did the eight hundred dollars we made from selling an Internet ad to Payless Shoe Source go?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Egh, to things we need to keep the office running, Kyle. Here, look. [shows him to the newest addition to the office]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,A hot tub?!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"It's not just a hot tub. Taste it. Go ahead, taste it. [Kyle goes up the steps, dips his finger into the liquid, and tastes it]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Gravy?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,Kentucky Fried Chicken gravy.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,No way.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"A hot tub full of KFC gravy, Kyle. Did you ever think you would see that in your lifetime? [pretty soon they're both in the hot tub. A lot of McDonald's french fries sit behind them.] Kyle, as owners of this company, we owe it not only to ourselves, but to the crack babies to be as stress-free and clear-headed as possible. McDonald's French fries and KFC gravy. The French call this ""poutine""."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"I know, but dude, we can't license our games to EA Sports and pay the crack babies nothing. Slavery is illegal."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,It's not illegal Kyle. Tell you what: I'll do some undercover work and find out how the other companies get away with it.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,What other companies?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"One such company. The University of Colorado at Boulder, day. In an office, a middle-aged man is reading a document at his desk"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Secretary,"[off-screen] Dean Howland, a representative from another prestigious institution is here to see you."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,"A what? Send him in. [the doors open and in walks Cartman, dressed as a Southern gentleman]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,[speaking like a Georgia plantation owner] Helloo thear! The name is Eric P Cartman. I'm a well-respected owner in the slave trade.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,In the what?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"My peaches, what a wonderful office you got yourself heah. Certainly got yourself a luuucrative bidness, don't ye. Well let me get right down to it theyen. Like yourself, [opens a humidor and takes out a cigar] I am also in the slave trade. [takes a long whiff of the sealed cigar, then puts it into his inside coat pocket and pats it down] But at the moment I find myself in a little quandary with ligal issues. Was wonderin' if you could share some secrets."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,I have... no idea what you're talkin' about.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"[walks over to a picture of the UCB basketball team] You have some might strong-lookin' workers heah, sahr. I'd be willin' to offer you forty dollars for two of the white ones and fifty for the blacks."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,Are you referring to our student athletes?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Student atholetes. Hoho, that is brilliant sahr. Now, when we sell their likeness for video games, how do we get around payin' for our slaves uh- ""student atheletes"" then?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,"Look, there are [catches his breath] good reasons why our student athletes cannot be paid, young man."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"I ain't arguin'. If they got paid, then how did we make all owr money, right?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,"We do [slams his fist on his desk] not own slaves, and we have no desire to own slaves."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"But of course you own slaves, because, oh... riiight. [clears his throat] Of couse you don't have desire to own slaves, son, neither do I. And if there was any government agency listenin' in on this heah conversation, they should know that we'er not talkin' 'bout slave ownership. Gaauu. [waits a few seconds, then takes off his hat and softly says] Alright, so now, how do you get around not paying your slaves."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Dean Howland,Get out! This is a prestigious university and I am not saying one more word to you!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"You think you can do whatever you want 'cause your corporation is a university?! [walks towards the entrance and opens the door] This country was founded on the idea that one corporation couldn't hog all the slaves, while the rest of us wallow in poverteh! Screw you sahr, I'm goin' home! [walks out and closes the door]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Stan's bedroom, night. Stan is sleeping. It's rare that he sleeps without his hat on, but this is one of those nights. He opens his eyes, closes them, opens them again, and stirs. He seems to have heard something behind him, so he turns over and sees Kyle standing in the middle of his room, talking to himself."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Here's the thing: Whether or not I'm a part of it, crack baby basketball is popular. Somebody's going to do it. So the only way for me to try and help the situation is to be involved in it, so that I can steer things in a direction that is more beneficial to the actual crack babies. [Stan just blinks, still half-awake. Kyle turns and looks at him] Oh, it's sooo easy for you, isn't it? I mean, what do you have to do except lay there and think about what you did at school today, or what you want to watch on TV tomorrow? Well sorry, Skippy, but the world isn't always black and white! Just because some people are born poorer than others doesn't mean I can't enjoy a few McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of gravy from Kentucky Fried Chicken!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,[blinks sleepily] McDonald's French fries in a hot tub of... KFC gravy?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,It happens to be called poutine in Montreal! [turns around and walks out]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"The slender building, day. Cartman is chewing out someone on the phone"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"How hard can it be, Clyde?! You walk up to Slash when he's playing at the mall and you offer him a deal!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,We must have just missed him. He was playing at Cherry Creek mall and then Flat Irons mall. Now we don't know where to go because Slash is playing the Pavilion in Colorado Springs in the Gigadome in Moscow later this afternoon.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,How can Slash be playing in Colorado Springs and Moscow at the same time?!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,We don't know. He's everywhere.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Look, you morons, Slash clearly has a fan club, right?! So just go to the post office, and find out where the mail gets in, and then you'll have Slash's home address!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Craig,"Oh, that's a good idea."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Yeah it's a good idea! Now go get us Slash for halftime! [slams the receiver down on the base] Jesus Christ! [Kyle walks in with a stand and some schematics] Are we the only two intelligent people in this entire company, Kyle? Goddamn!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"[setting up] Alright Cartman, I've been doin' a lot of thinking about how the company's gonna spend the money we make off the EA Sports deal. We're going to use thirty percent of the money to build an orphanage for the crack babies."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,...What?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"I've designed it to be the best place for them to live. A place where they can finally have the care and happiness they deserve. And if you think it's a bad idea, I really don't care!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"Oh my God... It's genius, Kyle!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,...What?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"This the answer to our problems! A three hundred thousand dollar building, but we buy ourselves a million dollars' worth of goodwill with the public. We can say we gave our ""student athletes"" a place to live and grow for a few years. It's like moral teflon! I knew we needed a Jew in this company, Kyle! Great work! [hugs Kyle, who is quite puzzled at Cartman's reaction]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"United States Post Office in South Park, day. Craig and Clyde are talking to the postmaster there"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Postmaster,Let me get this straight. You kids want me to tell you where Slash lives?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Craig,"Please sir, it's very important."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Postmaster,"Well I'm afraid I can't do that, kids."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,But we have a big deal with EA Sports that depends on it.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Postmaster,"Come on! Kids write to Slash every day, but it all just goes into this big pile over here. [leads them to the pile] The reason I can't tell you where Slash lives is because he don't live nowhere. Don't you ever wonder how Slash can be aaall those places at the same time? It's because he's made up! He-"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Postman,"Don't spoil it for the kids, Marty. It's up to parents to tell their children Slash ain't real. [Craig and Clyde look at each other]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"The Donovan house, day. Betsy is washing dishes in the kitchen when the phone rings. Roger answers the phone."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Roger,Hullo?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,"Dad, is Slash real or make-believe?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Roger,Ohh dear. Clyde's asking about Slash.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy,"[turns around] Oooo well, the day had to come."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Roger,"Clyde, the truth is Slash isn't a person. He's more like a... feeling in your heart, you know?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,Slash isn't real.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Craig,Get out of here.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy,"[takes the phone] Clyde, sometimes people like to pretend with make-believe characters. He's not really a lie, he's like ahh..."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Roger,[takes the phone back] Er he's like love. People all over the world dress up like Slash and have different names for Slash. The Dutch call him Vunter Slash.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,He's made up and people dress like him and pretend to be him to their kids.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Roger,"Your mother's Dutch, you know, Clyde. Ha- how did that old folk song go, honey?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Betsy,Vunter Slash kapunshka
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Both Parents,Shpielerin manshunshka
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Denny's, day. Kyle has brought Stan to the restaurant with Cartman and Butters. Craig and Clyde are still on a mission"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"And so, thirty percent of the money we make off the licensing agreement with EA Sports goes to the orphanage for the needy crack babies. Did you see the blueprints? The babies will have their own putt putt golf course. [gets no reaction from Stan] Why does it matter how much I'm making, Stan? If the crack babies are getting a place to grow and develop, why does my salary matter?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,[arriving with Craig] You guys! You guuys! We've got some bad news. Slash isn't real. [he has a book under his arm]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,What?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Craig,"Slash isn't real. He's a made-up person that represents care and giving, and people dress up like him and lie to their kids."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Butters,Slash is make-believe??
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,"Here, look for yourself. [plops the book onto the booth table] He's based on the fable of a Dutch saint named Vunter Slash. [a book of his story is shown, with pious images of Slash]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,Vunter Slash?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,What?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"But then, who played at my eighth birthday party?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,One of our parents.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"But then, who was the guitar player for Guns N' Roses?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Clyde,One of our parents!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,Are you fucking serious? [no one speaks for a few seconds]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,You guys are ten years old and you just figured out that Slash isn't real? Oh my God. [leaves the table]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,You knew about this??
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,[stands next to Craig and Clyde] My parents told me Slash wasn't real when I was five. Jehesus Christ. [blinks his eyes and walks away. The others are dumbstruck for several seconds]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Butters,Well what the heck do we do now?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"Look, let's just get our money from EA Sports and get out of this whole thing once and for all!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"EA Sports, day. The five boys stand inside Mr. Peters' office."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Mr. Peters,"[speaking with the same Southern accent Cartman used earlier] Boys, I want to thank you for bringin' the CB double A franchise here to EA Sports. You've made us a lohhht of monih."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,Wait a minute. According to this you now own all the rights to Crack Baby Basketball and we got nothing.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Mr. Peters,"[serves himself a drink] Yes, our lawyers are damn good. But you didn't get nothin'. Why, you boys got experience, didn'tcha? You got a chance to play in the big leagues. Sure, we here at EA might have made all the monih, but you little workers had a chance to make some'in' of yourselves. I'd give you some free video games, but it's against the rules. [smokes a cigar]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,You can't do this! We were gonna build an orphanage! So the crack babies have somewhere to go!
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Mr. Peters,"Oh, well, fuck 'em. And fuck you too. I piss in your faces. [smokes the cigar again. The boys are dumbstruck for a few seconds]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"I just can't believe Slash isn't real,"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Butters,I know. It's messin' with my head so hard.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"You guys, we've just been screwed over and lied to!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"I know, right? I was always extra good before my birthday too because I was told Slash would come and play for me."
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Mr. Peters,"[sits in his chair and puts his feet up on the desk] Well boys, this has been real educational and all, but now let's part with that old EA Sports sayin': ""Get the fuck out of my buildin'!"""
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Scene Description,"Outside, day. Somewhere around the medical center, Stan and Kyle walk along"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"It's unbelievable, Stan. EA Sports just used us the entire time. We worked for nothing and EA made all the money. You know, I don't think we actually deserved getting screwed over but, but I guess making tons of money off of people who are making nothing is always gonna cause problems. I know, I know, right? We might've got screwed, but the really tragic thing is that those, those poor crack babies at the hospitals are just gonna be stuck there, with nowhere to go. [something grabs his attention] No way! [a brand new building is shown: ""South Park Orphanage for Crack Babies""] This is it!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,It's what?
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,"This is it, Stan! [runs across the street and enters the orphanage. Stan trails behind. Several workers are putting up wallpaper] It's just like I designed it. There's the miniature gold course over there! And slides and uh, [sees Ms. Williams] excuse me, what is this place?"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Ms. Williams,Isn't it wonderful? All the crack babies will have a home now.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,But who paid for all this? [Stan catches up and the nurse leaves]
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,"[tugs at Kyle's coat] Kyle, Kyle! Look. [in a corner sits one of Slash's hats and one of his guitars]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Kyle,You don't think that-? But he isn't real.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Stan,Maybe. Or maybe we haven't been told such a big fib after all.
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Child singers,Vunter Slash kapunshka. Shpielerin manshunshka. Het mine gaset rosa. Danka Vunter Slasha
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Cartman,"[pops into view] He is real, you guys. [a constellation of Slash appears among the stars. Cartman winks and drops down from view]"
Crack Baby Athletic Association,Child singers,Vunter Slash kapunshka. Shpielerin manshunshka. Het mine gaset rosa-
City Sushi,Scene Description,Downtown South Park. There's traffic and people on the sidewalk. Among all that is a small postman who looks pretty familiar. The postman stops at a kitchenware place and knocks on the door. A cashier comes to the door and opens it
City Sushi,Butters,Hello sir. Postman Butters with a special delivery for you. [hands him a flyer]
City Sushi,Cashier,What's this?
City Sushi,Butters,An all-new sushi restaurant just opened in town. Try their lunch specials.
City Sushi,Cashier,Thanks.
City Sushi,Butters,"You can count on Postman Butters! [salutes and leaves. As he does so, the cashier makes a ball out of the flyer and tosses it away. Butters doesn't notice, but instead sees a woman coming up and hands her a flyer] Special delivery, ma'am. [sees a man coming up and hands him a flyer. The woman crumples up her flyer and tosses it away] Here you are, sir. [the man balls up and tosses his flyer away] Brand new sushi restaurant in town. [Butters sees another man and hands him a flyer] A flyer for you, from Postman Butters! [the man crumples up his flyer and tosses is away. Butters ends up in front of City Wok and enters. He approaches the counter]"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,Welcome to Shitty Wok. Can I take a order prease?
City Sushi,Butters,"Hello, sir. Postman Butters here with a special delivery for you."
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,[leaves the counter] Wha you talking 'bout?
City Sushi,Butters,It's a coupon for a brand-new Asian restaurant that just opened up in town.
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"A what? Ret me see that! [grabs the flyer] Oh no, a sushi prace? How come every time a hard-working Chinese man open a business, some shmelly Japanese dog has to come and try invade him?!"
City Sushi,Butters,"Uhhhh I don't know, I'm just bein' paid to hand out flyers."
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,Where is this Japanese-uh toiret bowl?! How far from my Shitty Wok?!
City Sushi,Butters,Wuh you mean the sha-sushi restaurant? Ih-it's right over there.
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"What?! Whaaat?! [runs outside and looks both ways. He looks to his left again... There it is: City Sushi, complete with cat statues] What the fuuuck?! [goes inside]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,Inside City Sushi. Butters follows Mr. Kim in
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Welcome to City Sushi. Can I take er order prease?
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,What's the big idea putting your Shitty Sushi right next to my Shitty Wok?!
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,I'm sorry I do not understand your accent. You want a Shitty tuna roll?
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,No I don't want Shitty tuna roll! I want you to go find another shitty town to open your Shitty Sushi prace!
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Why don't you please ujust speak Engrish? Maybe I can understand you!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"I am speaking Engrish! Why don't you speak a fucking Engrish, you soba eating fuck!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Get out or I call porice!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Come on, kid, you don't wanna eat this-a Shitty Sushi! It give you worms."
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"Better than Shitty Kung Pao Chicken made from cat! [Mr. Kim turns and runs to the counter, jumps over it and lands a blow in Mr. Takiyama's face. They trade blows. Mr. Kim ends with an uppercut]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Sgt. Yates and another office bring Butters home. Sgt. Yates knocks, Mr. Stotch answers"
City Sushi,Steven,Hello?
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"Sir, does this mailman belong to you?"
City Sushi,Stephen,"That's my son. Is there a problem, officer?"
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"There's been an Asian turf war, sir, and your son appears to have caused it."
City Sushi,Stephen,What?! An Asian turf war- Butters! You are grounded!
City Sushi,Butters,"But, sir, i was just handing out coupons for-"
City Sushi,Stephen,Don't talk back to me! [Butters goes inside]
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"We'll send a bill for the damages, [the officers turn and leave] but in the meantime, please keep a closer eye on your child, sir? [Stephen closes the door]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Butters' house, inside. Linda meets Stephen at the foot of the stairs as he has words with Butters"
City Sushi,Stephen,"Go up to your room, now! [Butters goes upstairs]"
City Sushi,Linda,What's going on?
City Sushi,Stephen,Butters started an Asian turf war!
City Sushi,Linda,"Oh, for the love of Pete! What is wrong with that boy?"
City Sushi,Stephen,"I don't know, but it's clear it isn't our parenting! We're awesome! He must have mental problems. I think we'd batter have him checked out, Linda."
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Center for Criminally Insane Children. Inside, a doctor is in a lab with Butters as Linda and Stephen wait outside. The doctor opens the door and sighs. He meets with Butters' parents."
City Sushi,Stephen,"Well, Dr. Janus?"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your son is suffering from Multiple Personality Disorder.
City Sushi,Linda,What?
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"There are several distinct personalities going on in there. One is named ""Postman Butters"" and yet another is ""Fireman Butters."" And then there's even ""Inspector Butters"" and uh, ""Professor Chaos""."
City Sushi,Linda,Oh my God!
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"From what I gather, he seems to mostly jump in and out of personalities when he's outside playing. Sometimes he's a cowboy and other times he's an Indian, and the two seem to be at constant odds."
City Sushi,Linda,"Oh, poor Butters!"
City Sushi,Stephen,"Doctor, what can we do? Should we ground him?"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"No, I don't think grounding him would do much good at this point. [glances at Butters] What your son needs now is lots of tender loving... medication. Heavy medication."
City Sushi,Scene Description,"News report, outside the two Asian restaurants, day"
City Sushi,Field reporter,
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,[comes out of his restaurant and sees the sign] What the fuuuck?! [goes into City Sushi] You see what happen?!
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,I told you not to come in here!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,Now everyone in town think a Chinese and a Japanese are the same fucking thing!
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,I don't even know what the fuck you are saying! Uhpupuh putuh peepee!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Aaah you Japanese racist! [Mr. Kim launches at Mr. Takiyama like he did before, and they trade blows again.]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. Steven is reading the newspaper at his den."
City Sushi,Linda,"[runs in] Stephen! Stephen, come quick! It's butters! [runs off. He follows her out. They reach the backyard] Look!"
City Sushi,Butters,"[pretending he's a trucker in his cab] Honk honk! Breaker 1-9, breaker 1-9. It's clean clear out to Flagtown! Looks like we got ourselves a convoy! Honk honk!"
City Sushi,Linda,Now he thinks he's a truck driver. [cries into Stephen's shoulder]
City Sushi,Stephen,Oh God the medication isn't working!
City Sushi,Butters,"It's okay, buddy, you've got a smokey on your tail, bug Big Rig Butters is here to help! Vroovrooom. [Stephen runs up to him]"
City Sushi,Stephen,Butters! Butters!! [grabs Butters by the shoulders and shakes him hard] BUTTERRRRS!
City Sushi,Butters,Oh hey Dad.
City Sushi,Stephen,You're back. You're back-he's back! [Stephen hugs Butters tight and cries.] I love you son!
City Sushi,Butters,"I love you too, Dad."
City Sushi,Stephen,You're going to be okay Butters! You hear me?! YOU ARE GOING TO BE OKAY! [Linda whimpers a bit]
City Sushi,Scene Description,"City Sushi, day. Mr. Kim enters"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"Youuu, get out! I told you not to come in here!"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Okay, whoa, just hold a minute, hold a minute. I come ina peace."
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,I don't berieve you!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Come on, rook! All this fighting, it's just to sirry, you know? Chinese anda Japanese been fighting for so rong. It'sa ridicurous. What we need... is to have a tweaty."
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,What is tweaty?
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Nono, we need a tweaty."
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,A tweaty?
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"No, not a treaty, a tweaty!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"Oh, you mean a treaty?"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,What the fuck is a tweaty?
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"No no, a treaty."
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"A tweaty? [no response] Rook rook. All these racist people thinka that a Chinese and a Japanese are the same, right? So you and me, we put on a big assembry for all the kids are school, and then everyone understand curtural difference. You know, so they know fried rice isn't from Japan and teriyaki isn't from China."
City Sushi,Matt,Teriyaki isn't from China?
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"[screams in his face] No, teriyaki isn't froma fucking China!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Very well. I will do assembly with you.
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh really? Oh great. [backs away] Okay, I'll meet you tomorrow and we can go over our prans. [turns around] And when you get to that assembry, you gonna get big surprise, you Japanese dog."
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Dr. Janus' lab, day."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Butters, when you were playing in the yard yesterday, do you remember becoming someone named... Big Rig Butters?"
City Sushi,Butters,Sure.
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,What makes Big Rig Butters come out? Did somebody hurt him? Did he do something bad he can't forgive himself for?
City Sushi,Butters,"Uh, no, he's pretty much just a truck driver."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"You don't know. But, maybe somebody else in there does. Do you think it would be possible for me to speak with... Inspector Butters?"
City Sushi,Butters,Sure.
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,I'm now speaking to the person known as Inspector Butters.
City Sushi,Butters,"Inspector Butters is on the case! Heheh, he this is fun."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Inspector Butters, what do you want?"
City Sushi,Butters,"Uh, well, to solve mysteries."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"And is there someone else living with you, someone named... Professor Chaos?"
City Sushi,Butters,"Oh well, sure, uh he's the bringer of destruction and evil!"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"He's a bad man. He doesn't like Butters, does he? Does Professor Chaos want to murder Butters?"
City Sushi,Butters,What? Why would I do that?
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,Who am I speaking to now?
City Sushi,Butters,"Me, Butters."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Ah, Butters. You're back."
City Sushi,Butters,"Sir, I'm confused."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"I know you are. This is going to sound scary, pal, but... you have people living inside your head. And some of them want to murder you."
City Sushi,Butters,Really?
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Yes, I'm afraid you're a little sick. But it's okay, because together we're going to get you well."
City Sushi,Alias 1,[a teenaged personality] Don't listen to Dr. Janus! He's a mean old man and a big silly grown up.
City Sushi,Butters,Pardon me?
City Sushi,Alias 1,He's just a big old stick in the mud who doesn't like to play.
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Don't mind him, Butters. Billy's a pretty messed up kid. He was molested by his uncles."
City Sushi,Psycho Janus,Dr. Janus isn't going to be alive for long! I'm going to kill him!
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Now, what are the things that make you happy, Butters? What's the matter, Butters? Are you still with us? Is one of your other personalities trying to take over?"
City Sushi,Billy,Let's play Battleship! All hands on the poop deck!
City Sushi,Psycho Janus,Your soul will bleed for eternity!
City Sushi,Alias 2,"You don't even know what sexy is, Mr. Harrison."
City Sushi,Alias 3,That Big Red freshness lasts right through it!
City Sushi,Alias 4,"The horned toad says we should go to Mexico. [Butters doesn't know what to make of this doctor, and now he's afraid]"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"What are you feeling, Butters? Are you nervous about your condition?"
City Sushi,Butters,Yes!
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Butter's bedroom, later. He's looking at a video he took of himself on his computer"
City Sushi,Butters,"[a recording] This... is Butters. It's Wednesday night at 9 p.m. From what I understand, there are people living inside my head and they want to kill me. It must be true, because now every night I wet the bed. So tonight I'm gonna leave the camera on to see what exactly I become while I am sleeping."
City Sushi,Butters,"Oh man, this is freaky. Like that movie Paranormal."
City Sushi,Butters,"[a recording] Well goodnight for now. [leaves the desk and goes to bed] Goodnight, Butters."
City Sushi,Butters,"Goodnight, Butters. Hmm. Alright, I guess I'm goin' to fast-forward. [fast-forwards three hours and then gasps. At normal speed, his bedroom door opens slowly. A second later, Dr. Janus enters] Dr. Janus? [nothing happens for three more hours, so Butters fast-forwards to 3:32 in the morning, when Dr. Janus unzips his pants, pulls out his dick and urinates all over Butters, puts his penis away, zips his pants up, and punches Butters HARD several times before running out of the bedroom. Six seconds later, Butters is fully awake]"
City Sushi,Butters,[a recording] Mom! Dad! I wet the bed again!
City Sushi,Butters,"Oh, sweet jumping Jesus!"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gymnasium, day. An Asian diversity poster is up on the projection screen. Mr. Mackey walks up next to it"
City Sushi,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, kids, today we have a special assembly, m'kay. Today we're going to learn about ""the diversity of Asian people."" Please welcome Mr. Lu Kim and Mr. Junichi Takiyama. [Walks away. ""Shake that."" A techno song comes on, followed my Mr. Kim and Mr. Takiyama dancing into view]"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Ni hao ma, South Park Erementary?!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Konnichiwa?!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"How are we arr feering?! [the music stops and the stand back to back]  Hey, Mr. Takiyama, did you know that China and Japan are actually uh different countries?"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"Oh, rearry? [they separate] Hey, that ruhight. If you ook at map, you can see."
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"This whoooore thing is China, and Japan is this riiittle bitty country over here. And that's why the Japanese always try anda take over China!"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,What?!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,The Japanese planned to kill people in Nanking! The only thing Japanese ruve more than killing people is killing themselves! Suicide rate in Japan sky-high!
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Fuck you!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"""Oh no, I'm a Japanese and I had a bad day! I think I'm gonna kill myself!"""
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Dr. Janus' lab, day. Mr. Janus leaves it, but is surprised to find Butters waiting for him"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Oh, hello Butters. I wasn't expecting you till 5:30."
City Sushi,Butters,"[nervous] Uh, yeah, Dr. Janus, I wanted to give you something. You remember how you told me if I got myself on video it might help me with my problem?"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,Yes. did you catch something?
City Sushi,Butters,"Well yeah ah, I saw you pissing in my face."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"[sees the DVD disc and snatches it away, then checks it over] Oh, so you're on to me, huh you little shit?!"
City Sushi,Butters,Huh?
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"What, Inspector butters figured out I set him up?!"
City Sushi,Butters,"Well no, ah I just thought it was one of your other personalities trying to give me a-"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Oh come on! You think multiple personality disorder is real?! I've been using that to scam this town for seven years! Now I gotta get out of here, thanks to you! But I'm getting one last heist before I go, and you're gonna help me!"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"A jewelry shop, closed for the night. Dr. Janus destroys a window with a crow bar, then lifts Butters into the shop"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Get in there! Move it, asshole!"
City Sushi,Butters,This is illegal. We could get arrested. [Dr. Janus breaks into some display cases and swipes the jewels into a satchel that Butters is carrying] Oh Jesus!
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"They're all idiots! The vault! Get to the vault! Come on! Go! Movie it! [puts some welding goggles on Butters while getting a welding torch and firing it up] Get this on and get in that vault! That's where the real good are! [hands the lit torch to Butters] Torch that door, do you hear me?! I'll kill your parents! I'll kill your friends! I said get that fucking door open!"
City Sushi,Butters,"I'm trying, sir! [this changes Dr. Janus' behavior]"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Butters? Butters, what are you doing? What is that? A blowtorch? Put that down! You're having another episode!"
City Sushi,Butters,What?
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,Butters. Your name is Butters! Try and remember!
City Sushi,Butters,"But you said to uh, but I got to uh, and then, you told me tuh..."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"[sighs loudly] Oh boy, you've really done it this time. I know it's not your fault, but I'm sorry. I'm going to have to alert the authorities, pal."
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Delia's Jewelers, day. Dr. Janus addresses the crowd and the police"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"We have to try and understand that he can't help what he's doing, officer. He probably has no memory of it at all."
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"Well, at least everything is accounted for. Thank God you came when you did, Dr. Janus."
City Sushi,Steven,"Breaking into a store, Butters?! What are you?!"
City Sushi,Sgt. Yates,"Well I suppose there's no need for jail, Mr. and Mrs. Stotch, so long as you ground your son."
City Sushi,Steven,"Oh, we'll ground the shit out of him, detective. Thank you so much."
City Sushi,Scene Description,"City Sushi, day. Mr. Takiyama is preparing some sushi behind the counter when Mr. Kim enters"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,Herro-o.
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,You get the fuck out of my place!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Okay, hold on, hold on, please! I'ma sorry, okay? I'm sorry. I admit it. I fucked you at the assembly. How about you and me together do an Asian Diversity festival?"
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,Get the fuck out before I call police!
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Please, I admitting it, okay?I fucked you at assembly. There's no way around it. It was verrry sneaky. Kind of like Pearl Harbor. Okay? That was a little sneaky too, huh? Pearl Harbor kind of sneaky; I think we can all be a rittle sneaky sometimes, hm? But that sneaky Chinese man? He's gone! Okay? Okay, if we can have Asian Diversity festival, then we no longer have to deal witha ""recial stereotypes."" Prease."
City Sushi,Mr. Takiyama,"Against my better judgment, I will trust you one more time. But this time, you'd better not rub your hands together when you turn around to walk away."
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"Okay, see you tomorrow. [turns around and walks away, but stops long enough to rub his hands together] And on that Asian Diversity day you're gonna get a rittle surprise, you Japanese dog. [continues on his way]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Butters' backyard. His Postman Butters uniform is on the ground, and he pours some gas on it. He then lights it and begins throwing in more of his costumes, which are in a cardboard box labeled ""Butters' Play Clothes"""
City Sushi,Butters,"That does it, you hear me?! I am through with all of you! No more Postman Butters, No more Inspector Butters, no more Porn Star Butters, no more Professor Chaos, and no more- [a bicycle horn stops him, and he holds on to his Professor Chaos mask. He looks over and sees Dr. Janus on a child's tricycle glaring at him] Waaahh! [runs away. As he does, he tosses the Professor Chaos mask back into the cardboard box. Butters runs into the neighborhood park. Dr. Janus chases him down and tackles him there.]"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Butters please! It's me, Billy! You've gotta help! [moments later they are seated on a park bench] Please, Butters, I've tried to tell old Dr. Janus that we're in danger, but Dr. Janus doesn't rrealize thaere's a problem! [stands up and walks around] The mean man that lives in our head is trying to take over for good!"
City Sushi,Butters,"[sees a couple walking by] Um, excuse me?"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,[running around the bench to quickly distract Butters] No no nonono! Don't call out for help! [Dr. Janus opens his sports coat and points to a sidearm] He's got a gun.
City Sushi,Butters,Wahh!
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,If you draw any attention he'll kill us!
City Sushi,Butters,"Please, Billy, ah I'm just a kid too. I can't help you."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"No, you can't. But you know somebody who can. Inspector Butters."
City Sushi,Butters,What??
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,You've got to become Inspector Butters again and help me find out what the mean man wants.
City Sushi,Butters,No! You told me NOT to play Inspector Butters!
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,You don't understand! For some reason the mean man is getting stronger. You have to help me find out how to stop him! Please! [Butters sighs]
City Sushi,Scene Description,"South Park's Little Tokyo presents ""Asian Diversity Day."" A pagoda now stands between the two restaurants, and all three buildings are decorated with strings of lights, dragons, fish, and other motifs. Both restaurants are also offering samples of their menus. Here's a news report"
City Sushi,Field reporter,
City Sushi,A woman,"Mr. Takiyama, a note for you. [Mr. Takiyama takes the note and reads it]"
City Sushi,Tuong Lu Kim,"[voice-over] Konnichiwa, my fine Japanese friend. It's so great that Chinese and Japanese are finarry getting arong. We should take our picture together on top of the Tower of Peace. I'm up there waiting for you now. [Mr. Takiyama looks up, but doesn't see anyone up there] Prease, come meet me on top of the Tower of Peace. It would be rearry nice. [Tuong Lu Kim's image begins to rubs its hands together] Yesss, and when you get to the top of that tower you're gonna get a rittle surprise, you Japane- Oh, sorry. Anyway, see you on top of tower! [Mr. Takiyama leaves his sample display booth and goes into the tower]"
City Sushi,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, in a mansion, Dr. Janus and Butters walk around with flashlights"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"[as Billy] Dr. Janus sure has a big house, dudn't he? He's planning on hurting people; I just know it!"
City Sushi,Butters,"It's okay, Billy, we're gonna get to the bottom of this."
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"This is kinda fun. You're Inspector Butters and I'm your faithful assistant, Dr. Watson!"
City Sushi,Butters,"Well alright, Watson, well let's find out what we need to and get out of here!"
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Yeah! [Dr. Janus takes over] Butteers, what are you doing in my house?"
City Sushi,Butters,Hah?
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"Oh dear. It's okay, Butters. You just think you're Inspector Butters right now."
City Sushi,Butters,Aw man.
City Sushi,Dr. Janus,"[escorts Butters to the front door] Come on, let's get you home. [Billy takes over] Where are ya gon', Butters?"
City Sushi,Butters,"Oh, come on!"
