The Ring,Host,We are joined this morning by the Disney supergroup the Jonas Brothers. Hello boys. [the girls in the audience begin to shriek. Each of the brothers holds a mic]
The Ring,Joe,Hello.
The Ring,Host,"Now, tell us what you're doin' here in Denver, guys."
The Ring,Joe,"Uh, we're gonna be doin' a live concert from Red Rocks tonight that will be live-broadcast on the Disney Channel."
The Ring,Mickey,[in the control tent with an engineer] In 3-D. Don't forget to mention in 3-D.
The Ring,Kevin,"Oh, oh-and it's gonna be in 3-D. [the girls shriek again]"
The Ring,Host,"Now, guys, a lot has been made about your ""purity rings"". Can you tell us about those?"
The Ring,Joe,"Well. Um. [Joe holds up his left hand, palm in, to show off his ring. His brothers do the same seconds later] We, we wear these to symbolize how pure we are and how we ...um don't approve of things that are naughty or filthy."
The Ring,Mickey,"Yeah, that's good. Get a close-up on their purity rings. Close-up on the purity rings, haha. [the engineer responds]"
The Ring,Host,"That's wonderful, boys. [the camera zooms in on Joe's left ring finger, on which his purity ring rests] It's good that little girls can see a concert and not have it be about sex. We understand that at the concert tonight you'll be dousing girls in the audience with white foam. Is that correct?"
The Ring,Nick,Uh huh.
The Ring,Joe,Yeah. Uh huh.
The Ring,Kevin,Yeah.
The Ring,Nick,Yeah.
The Ring,Host,Well can you give our audience a peek? [to the audience] What do you say girls? Do you want the Jonas Brothers to douse you with their white foam? [the girls shriek again. The brothers whip out some high-pressure hoses with bags of foam attached to them and proceed to spray the audience with streams of white foam. One of their songs plays in the background]
The Ring,Mickey,"Oh boy! This is TV gold, haha. [Stan, Kyle, and Cartman enter the street and make their way through the audience]"
The Ring,Stan,Excuse us. Excuse us.
The Ring,Girl 2,"Hey, what do you think you're doing?!"
The Ring,Host,"That's great stuff, boys. You like takin' the Jonas Brothers' hot foam in your faces, girls?"
The Ring,Cartman,"Hey! Hey, those Jonas Brothers are assholes!"
The Ring,Stan,"Yeah, their purity rings turned our friend into a douche!"
The Ring,Joe,Huh?
The Ring,Kyle,What the hell do you think you're doing spreading this crap to kids?!
The Ring,Mickey,"[takes notice] Who the hell are these guys? [takes off his shades and tosses them aside] Are they from DreamWorks? Goddamn Eisner trying to hurt this company again, haha?"
The Ring,Cartman,This whole thing is a freaking sham! I see what you're doin' now! You're tryin' to sell sex to young girls and then confuse them by [a dart strike him in the neck and knocks him out quick] teh- ...tehhhh [falls on his face]
The Ring,Kyle,Cartman?
The Ring,Mickey,"You aren't ruining my plans this time, DreamWorks, haha! [drops a dart into a blowpipe]"
The Ring,Stan,"Dude, who the hell did that? [a dart hits him in the neck] Hwa? [another one hits Kyle in the neck]"
The Ring,Kyle,D'ow... [they both fall over unconscious.]
The Ring,Scene Description,"Some time later, the boys are just now coming to. A POV shot. One of them has opened his eyes and his vision is quite fuzzy. Voices and noises echo around him."
The Ring,Voice 1,"Fifteen minutes, that's fifteen minutes, people!"
The Ring,Voice 2,Get another mic on that drum kit!
The Ring,Mickey,"They almost ruined everything, haha. How did something like this happen, haha? [walks up and gets in the boy's face] Wake up. Wake up, you little prick! Haha. [the boy is alert now] Who do you work for? DreamWorks? [cut to a wide shot revealing a disheveled Stan being held up by his hat. Nearby, Cartman and Kyle are still unconscious.] Answer me, haha!"
The Ring,Stan,We... don't work for anybody.
The Ring,Mickey,"[lets Stan's head drop to the floor] Oh boy, I sure believe that, haha. [Cartman wakes up. Kyle stirs] You just tried to ruin Disney Company's big night for your own amusement, huh?! Haha."
The Ring,Cartman,The hell did you do to us?!
The Ring,Mickey,"SHUT UP! [kicks Cartman in the balls, making him sit on his ass] Haha."
The Ring,Scene Description,"Red Rocks, that night. The concert begins."
The Ring,Announcer,"And now, Disney Channel presents... the Jonas Brothers 3-D concert spectacular! [the graphic says ""the 3D Concert Experience""] Live from Red Rocks Amphitheater in Colorado! [the young girl fans are there cheering and wearing 3-D glasses]"
The Ring,Male Host,Truly a night of magic as we're set for the biggest concert event of the year!
The Ring,Female Host,"In about ten minutes, the Jonas Brothers are going to take the stage in what Disney is calling ""the most pure and innocent rock event of the millennia."""
The Ring,Scene Description,A Christian living room.
The Ring,Blonde Girl,"Do we put the 3-D glasses on now, da-da?"
The Ring,Father,"Not yet, Katie."
The Ring,Male Host,Everyone around the country is tuning in to see Disney's latest kid pop stars.
The Ring,Scene Description,Tammy's living room. She and Kenny sit apart.
The Ring,Kenny,[depressed] (And not getting a blowjob...)
The Ring,Male Host,We understand the Jonas Brothers are getting ready. What's going on backstage must be exciting.
The Ring,Scene Description,Backstage. Mickey is facing the boys with a chainsaw in hand. He revs it up.
The Ring,Mickey,"You'd better start talkin', haha! [Stan covers his face, then removes his hands] You'd better start talkin' right now, haha!"
The Ring,Stan,We told you: we aren't working for another studio and there isn't a plan to sabotage your big night.
The Ring,Kyle,We came on our own 'cause our friend's purity ring is killing him.
The Ring,Mickey,"You're lying! I'll cut you up, haha!"
The Ring,Joe,You see? We were right about the purity rings! A nice Christian symbol can't be used for profit gains.
The Ring,Kevin,We've all angered God.
The Ring,Mickey,"[walks up to them with the chainsaw and revs it up against the boys, who cringe a bit] You think God is in control here, haha?! I am in control! I've been in control since the '50s in case you haven't noticed, haha! [throws the chainsaw aside] You three faggots are going onstage, and [points at the boys] YOU three faggots aren't going to stop me! NOBODY IS RUINING THIS EVENT!! Haha. I've worked too long and too hard to have anybody [Kyle notices he's next to the mic control desk and surreptitiously turns up the Mic 1 slider] fuck this up! [this causes Mickey's voice to be heard by the audience, who quiet down] Where would you be without me, Jonas Brothers? Haha. Your music sucks and you know it! Haha. It's because you make little girls' 'ginies tickle! And when little girls' 'ginies tickle, I make money! Haha. And that's because little girls are fucking stupid! Haha. And the purity rings make it okay to do whatever I want! Haha. Even the Christians are too fucking stupid to figure out I'm selling sex to their daughters! I've made billions off of Christian ignorance for decades now, haha! And do you know why?! [Cartman sees the curtain control button and presses it. The curtain rises revealing Mickey Mouse to the audience] Because Christians are retard-ed! Haha. [Mickey is facing the boys, so he doesn't notice anything happening behind him yet] They believe in a talking dead guy! Haha. [having heard his own echo, he blanches and turns around. He now sees the audience] Ohhh. Haha. Hello, folks."
The Ring,Audience,BOOO!!
The Ring,Mickey,"Now now, take it easy, haha. Here's the Jonas Brothers."
The Ring,Joe,Come on guys. [the brothers turn left and walk offstage and the booing continues]
The Ring,Mickey,No! Stop! Bring them back here!
The Ring,Roadie,"It's over, Mr. Mouse. Everyone's tuning out."
The Ring,Mickey,NO! NO GODDAMNIT! NO! SHUT UP! SHUT! UP! AAAAAAGH! [Mickey suddenly blows up to a height of some 40 feet and starts breathing fire on the audience. The girls scatter]
The Ring,Father,[walks up to the TV and turns it off] That's it girls. No more Disney TV for a while.
The Ring,Scene Description,Channel 4 Breaking News.
The Ring,Reporter,"Tom, the Disney Jonas Brothers 3D Television Special has failed, costing the Disney Company millions, and once again Mickey is pissed off and throwing a fit."
The Ring,Mickey,"[floating over the city like a Thanksgiving Day float] Vengeance is mine! You are all ants and I am your destroyer, haha."
The Ring,Reporter,"The Disney purity ring venture will now most likely prove a marketing bust, as Mickey returns to Valhalla to slumber and feed. [Kenny offers Tammy the Grey's Anatomy DVD, but she looks at her purity ring]"
The Ring,Tammy,"Aw Ken, look what we've become. We're way too young to be this boring."
The Ring,Kenny,(I agree. Let's put in this DVD and watch Grey's Anatomy.)
The Ring,Tammy,"No! I don't want to watch Grey's Anatomy, Ken. Let's take off these rings, Ken."
The Ring,Kenny,(Take off the ring? You can take off the ring??) [throws away the DVD] (Really?)
The Ring,Tammy,Let's take them off and just be kids again. There'll be plenty of time to wear rings and be boring and lame when we reach our late 30s and we're boring and lame anyway.
The Ring,Kenny,(Yeah. Screw this crap!) [as one they take off their rings and throw them to the floor and hug each other]
The Ring,Tammy,Oh I feel better already!
The Ring,Kenny,(Me too!)
The Ring,Tammy,What say you and me... go to TGI Fridays?
The Ring,Kenny,[jumps for joy] (Woo-hoo!!) [takes her hand and runs out the door with her]
The Ring,Scene Description,"A funeral, some days later. Father Maxi is leading the service."
The Ring,Father Maxi,"And so, as we commit this young child to the earth, let us all be reminded that syphilis is still a deadly disease, and it can be caught even if using protection. This young boy learned the hard way that there's no guarantee... For the world of oral sex is a world..."
The Ring,Cartman,"[during the eulogy] I told him... A woman's mouth is the most germ-ridden place on earth, I said. Statistically the most unsafe place for a man to put his penis, I said."
The Ring,Kyle,"Well, now we know."
The Ring,Cartman,And knowing is half the battle.
The Coon,Scene Description,"South Park, night. A shot of a newspaper, the South Park Herald. Some headlines are: ""Crime Rate Up,"" ""No End In Sight!!"" The camera zooms out to reveal the newspaper lying on the street, hanging over the curb. Dramatic music plays as a car zooms past the paper."
The Coon,Cartman,"[voice over] The city isn't what it used to be. It all happened so fast. Everything went to crap. It's like... everyone's sense of morals just... disappeared. Bad economy made things worse. [A shot of Tele's TV store ""Closed until further notice due to BAD ECONOMY""] The jobs started drying up. Then the stores had to shut down. [a shadow runs across the screen, in a cape. Next scene: an alley looking towards the street. An Obama poster for CHANGE is shown, with WHEN? spray-painted over the word] Then a black man was elected President. He was supposed to change things. [the shadow climbs up a pipe and runs across the roof of the building opposite the alley entrance] He didn't. [next shot is that of a street under a threatening red sky] As more and more people turned to crime and violence the town becomes gripped in fear. Dark times. The city needs protection. [another alley. An aluminum trash can falls over, spilling its contents. The shadow appears on a wall, larger than life, then runs away] There is an animal that lives by night, searches the trashcans and cleans out the garbage. [A rain gutter is shown. The shadow runs across the screen again, closer to the camera] To clean out the trashcan of society I've chosen to become more than a man. [another rooftop. The camera finds the shadow and zooms in on it.] I'm the hero this town needs. I am... [the shadow turns and is lit up. It's Cartman dressed as...] the Coon! [Cartman looks up to the sky, and graphics for ""The Coon"" pop up. Next scene, the Coon runs down a street and leaps onto the roof of a car] As the world plummets into despair the Coon fights to keep order intact. [he leaps off the car]"
The Coon,Scene Description,"A park bench in the city. A couple sits on it, the partners gazing into each other's eyes."
The Coon,Josh,Lisa I had a really great time tonight.
The Coon,Lisa,"I did too, Josh."
The Coon,Josh,Would you... mind very much if I kissed you?
The Coon,Lisa,Not at all. [they start kissing. A pair of binoculars spies them from some distance.]
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over. The Coon is on the roof of a public restroom house looking through the binoculars] A woman being raped. This is what our city has been reduced to. When the money goes, the raping starts. Women are helpless... without the Coon."
The Coon,Lisa,"O-hoh, yes Josh. Yehehessss!"
The Coon,The Coon,[leaps into action] Let her go!
The Coon,Josh,[points to himself] 'Scuse me?
The Coon,The Coon,You aren't raping anyone tonight!
The Coon,Josh,"Oh, it's a talking squirrel. [The Coon runs at him, leaps onto the bench, and starts clawing at him] Oh!"
The Coon,Lisa,Ah!
The Coon,Josh,Oh! Ow! Wugh! Oh!
The Coon,The Coon,[stops clawing and says to Lisa] Get out of here! Get to safety! [Lisa gets up and runs away screaming. The Coon gets back to clawing at Josh]
The Coon,Josh,Ugh! L-lisa! Call me! Oh! Ow!
The Coon,The Coon,[voice over as he leaps off the chair and runs off] Another woman saved from rape. But how many more rapists are out there?
The Coon,Josh,[gently stroking the cuts] Oh that really stings.
The Coon,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night."
The Coon,Officer 1,"Here's that file on the Rodriguez case, detective."
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Alright, things are pretty quiet out there, boys. Let's try to get caught up on some paperwork. Murphy I want you to- [his eyes widen at something behind Murphy. It's... The Coon, perched on an open window. Murphy turns to look and does a double-take]"
The Coon,The Coon,"Don't let the city's peacefulness fool you, commissioner! It's too quiet."
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Oh, not this kid again."
The Coon,Officer 1,"Hey, you get out of here. Out."
The Coon,The Coon,There was another rapist in the park tonight. [jumps into the station] It's no coincidence. It must be a rapist plot and it stinks to the top.
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,What?
The Coon,The Coon,I think the Mayor might be involved. It's my theory she might have a lesbian lover who's holding her leash.
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Jesus Christ, [looks at the other detectives] can we get a lock on that window? [he turns to look at the Coon] Look kid, you need to stop- [his eyes widen again. Murphy looks over his shoulder again - The Coon is gone, and the window curtains softly sway]"
The Coon,Officer 1,He's gone.
The Coon,The Coon,"[steps out from behind a file cabinet at the other end of the floor] No, I'm just over here now. [all the detectives turn to face him] What do we know about the Mayor's sexual preferences?"
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Alright, listen: you have five seconds to leave or we're gonna put you in the jail and call your parents!"
The Coon,Officer 1,"Jail's full, sir."
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Whatever. Then we'll just put you in- [is surprised again. The other detectives are also surprised, as the Coon isn't by the file cabinet anymore.]"
The Coon,The Coon,[appears by the window again] Now I'm back over here.
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,[walks towards the window] Just get out of here before we-! [another surprised look. The camera looks at an empty floor space]
The Coon,The Coon,I'm right here now. [the camera moves to the right until he appears]
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"All right, stop it!"
The Coon,The Coon,"Yes, I have to go now. [turns to the window, reaches over and grabs a box, and carries it over to the officers] But in the meantime I have something that might interest you. [turns and walks back to the window] Make sure all your men get a look at these, detective!"
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"What's in here? [two of his officers walk over to open the box. The window is shown again and the Coon is gone. The officers open the box and pull out some shirts - ""Who is the Coon?"" and the Coon mask are on the front of the shirts]"
The Coon,Scene Description,"Neighborhood bus stop, day. Stan, Kenny, and Kyle wait for the bus. Cartman walks up to them."
The Coon,Cartman,Hey guys. Good morning. [the guys don't respond to him at all] You guys... hear that another rape victim got saved by a superhero last night? They say it was the Coon.
The Coon,Stan,Who's the Coon?
The Coon,Cartman,"I know, right? [enunciating] ""Who is the Coon?"" It's what everyone must be asking themselves. Somebody is dressing up at night and taking the law into their own hands. As for me, I certainly don't agree with the Coon's reckless ways. If you ask me, there's no room in this world for vigilantes. I believe the Coon is a menace."
The Coon,Kyle,"...Yeah, and dressing up and running around at night is faggy anyway."
The Coon,Cartman,"[stunned, turns to Kyle and points] You're a fag, Kyle! Fuck you!"
The Coon,Kyle,"...Dude, what?!"
The Coon,Cartman,He's not a fag!
The Coon,Kyle,Why do you care?
The Coon,Cartman,"[straightens up and moves off a bit] Oh. I uh... well I ah ah [crosses his arms] I'm just... I'm just mad 'cause you should never use the term ""fag,"" Kyle. That's a hate word. And it's insensitive to butt pirates. Anyway, what do you think about the Coon, Stan and Kenny? Do you think he's the savior this town needs or do you think he's a dangerous vigilante? [neither of them answer him] Kenny?"
The Coon,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman is giving an oral report on the Coon, in the form of a FAQ."
The Coon,Cartman,"And of course the most common question asked is, just who is he? [he's wearing a ""Who is the Coon?"" shirt] Is he a hero or a menace? [half the class is bored, and Clyde is asleep at his desk. Mr. Garrison reads quietly at his desk] While we can all admit that the Coon is obviously really cool, we should also be asking each other... ""Why does he care so much for the people of this town? Why does he sacrifice himself every night to rid our streets of crime? And does he really have the right?"" What we all need now- [spots the sleeper] Clyde? Clyde, could you wake up please? This is important. [Clyde wakes up and looks around in a daze] What we all need now is PROOF... that the Coon exists. I believe that tonight from approximately 5 to 5:45 the Coon is going to be on the roof of Walgreens. I know I'll be there with my camera. And I'm sure... many of you will, too."
The Coon,Scene Description,"Walgreen's rooftop, that night. The Coon stands near the edge of the roof waiting for spectators."
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over] Sometimes it seems the more criminals I try to stop, the more just come out of the back alleys and dilapidated bars. The city is a dying whore. She calls out to me to save her. And I don't know if I can. But she is still my city. [another little superhero walks up to the edge of roof a few feet from the Coon] And I cannot just sit and watch as innocent peole are- [the Coon notices] Who the hell is that? [looks the new hero over a few times, then walks up to him and asks] Who the hell are you?"
The Coon,M,"[this hero wears an M on his shirt and a ? on his hood] I'm an angel keeping watch over the city at night. As violence and darkness take over the streets, I work to rid this city of crime. I'm the symbol this town needs."
The Coon,The Coon,"Aw nonononono, I am the symbol this town needs! [M ignores him] Dude, seriously, you can't do that! Go home! I was, I was doing this first!"
The Coon,M,Nuh uh.
The Coon,The Coon,Yeah huh! You heard of the Coon and now you're being a copycat. Is that your name? Copycat?
The Coon,M,I am Mysterion.
The Coon,The Coon,"Mysterion? That's fucking retarded! You just gave yourself away, Craig! Only you would think of a name that dumb!"
The Coon,Mysterion,"I might be Craig, and then again I might not be. My identity must remain a secret. You cannot know."
The Coon,The Coon,Yeah? Well you cannot know my true identity either.
The Coon,Mysterion,"I assume you must be Cartman, because you're fat."
The Coon,The Coon,[thinks for a few seconds] Well you're wrong! I'm not Eric Cartman and he's not fat! Care to guess again?!
The Coon,Mysterion,I really don't care who you are.
The Coon,The Coon,"Oh all right Kyle! Yeah, took me real long to figure it out! Only you, Kyle, would be a buzzkill, and try to steal my thunder! You don't care about stopping crime, you're just doing this... 'cause you hate me, Kyle!"
The Coon,Mysterion,Kyle hates Eric Cartman. Are you saying you're Eric Cartman?
The Coon,The Coon,"No, I'm no- I [makes his voice gruff again] I'm sayin' that... Goddammit Stan is that you? It is you, isn't it? Clyde? Clyde, you're not a superhero, I am!"
The Coon,Mysterion,I cannot stand here and make idle conversation any longer. The city needs my help. There are innocents to protect. [leaps off the roof and out of view]
The Coon,The Coon,"NO! Dude, I'm seriously! You're being a copycat! I'll sue you! [no one replies] Motherfucker!"
The Coon,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary playground, day. The camera looks at various kids at play."
The Coon,Cartman,"[voice over. He's seated alone on a merry-go-round] Which one of them is it? Somebody is dressing up and pretending to be a superhero! But who? Has to be one of the guys in my class, 'cause only they knew that the Coon would be on the rooftop of Walgreens. [shuts his eyes] No, stop. Can't think about that right now. Have to focus. [opens his eyes, keeping a look of determination on his face] Tomorrow is the most important day in the Coon's life. Everything the Coon has lived and fought for comes down to tomorrow. Concentrate."
The Coon,Scene Description,"Tomorrow arrives, and the Airport Hilton is shown. Event for that day, Coonicon."
The Coon,Scene Description,"The Airport Hilton. Inside, The Coon has set up a convention for himself. A framed poster announced the Coon, Live and In Person."
The Coon,The Coon,"[alone in the room] How is it that nobody came to Coonicon 09? This is just, this is fucking ridiculous!"
The Coon,Maitre D,"Got everything you need here, sir? Okay on beverages, buffet items?"
The Coon,The Coon,"Yes, it's fine!"
The Coon,Maitre D,"Great. Hey, I just want to say that the Airport Hilton really appreciates your continued business."
The Coon,The Coon,"What do you mean ""continued""? You don't know who I am!"
The Coon,Maitre D,"Aren't you that little boy who had his ginger pride rally and his AIDS benefit here, before?"
The Coon,The Coon,"No, I'm not that kid!"
The Coon,Maitre D,Oh. Oh oh really? Oh my bad. I'm actually relieved. That kid was kind of a douchebag.
The Coon,The Coon,[looks back at him] You're a fucking douchebag! Get outta here!
The Coon,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. Cartman returns home from the Coonicon depressed. He walks in slowly and kicks the door shut."
The Coon,Cartman,[sadly] Hunh!
The Coon,Liane,"Oh, hello sweetie. What did you do today?"
The Coon,Cartman,"I got boned! That's what I did, Mom! I try to do good stuff and nobody even notices!"
The Coon,Liane,"[puts her left hand on his right shoulder] Aww, what happened, hun?"
The Coon,Cartman,I can't tell you what happened 'cause it's about my super secret double life!
The Coon,Scene Description,A Channel 9 Newscast begins.
The Coon,Anchor,Tonight an incredible story of an unknown child in South Park who has taken to the streets in an effort to fight crime.
The Coon,Cartman,"[suddenly hopeful, looks at the TV] Wha, what?"
The Coon,Anchor,"But who exactly is... Mysterion? [a silhouette appears, but it doesn't look like the Coon's]"
The Coon,Cartman,[angrily] What?!
The Coon,Anchor,"Curious crowds in the town of South Park, Colorado. [people mill around looking for pictures of Mysterion to take] They've brought binoculars and camera phones trying to get a shot of a mysterious superhero."
The Coon,Man 1,"Uh, he was dressed mostly in black with a kind of... cloak."
The Coon,Woman 1,"He jumped down from the fire escape stairs, and then he just ran off. We barely got a look at him."
The Coon,Man 2,"To me it looked like Mysterion to me. Everyone who's seen Mysterion, say yeah!"
The Coon,Crowd,"Yeah! [the man grins, showing off some gold teeth]"
The Coon,Man 3,"Well I, I think he's kind of a symbol for the town, you know? A, a symbol that everyone who's sick of crime can uh can rally behind."
The Coon,Cartman,Fuckin' butthole!
The Coon,Man 4,"[behind the wheel] Well if you ask me, he's a menace. There's no room for vigilantism in today's world!"
The Coon,Reporter,"[showing some ""AMATEUR SKETCH"" images worthy of a graphic novel] This artist rendition of Mysterion has already generated thousands of copies."
The Coon,Cartman,You gotta be kidding me!
The Coon,Reporter,"As hundreds of people gather to try and get a glimpse of the superhero, one question remains: Who is Mysterion? [everyone around him begins to ask the same question]"
The Coon,Anchor,"If you have any idea about the true identity of Mysterion, please call the 9 News Hotline."
The Coon,Cartman,[shakes in anger] AAAAAHT!! [turns right and leaves in a huff]
The Coon,Scene Description,"News stand, night. The headline on today's South Park Herald: ""Who Is Mysterion?"" The camera pulls back to reveal Mysterion looking around and running down the sidewalk across the street."
The Coon,Mysterion,"[voice over] I could no longer sit by and watch as my city became a cesspool of crime. [a shot of City Hall. Mysterion appears on the roof by the dome] I have lived in South Park all my life. I decided it was up to me to keep this town safe. [he leaps off the roof and soon climbs up a rain gutter] Nobody at school knows my double life. To them, I'm just another fourth grader. But tonight, I am Mysterion. [climbs in through a window ...into the police station.]"
The Coon,Scene Description,Park County Police Station.
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Oh, Mysterion, thank God you've come. What news do you have?"
The Coon,Mysterion,There's some graffiti on the bridge again. I think those sixth grade kids are doing it. And the guy at the movie theater is harassing Mexicans again.
The Coon,Officer 2,"We'll get right on it, Mysterion. Thank you. Thank you for all your help. [Mysterion climbs out the window and goes down the fire escape ladder. The officer walks over to the window] Godspeed, Mysterion!"
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"You are a beacon of hope in an otherwise bleak and dreary world! [as Mysterion walks away from the police station, the Coon jumps into his path.]"
The Coon,The Coon,"Dude, seriously? I'm gonna kick the shit out of you if you don't stop!"
The Coon,Mysterion,This city needs my help. It cries for protection and I will-
The Coon,"Mysterion, The Coon",Answer the call to save her.
The Coon,The Coon,"That's what I'm supposed to say! I know it's you, Kyle. Just stop!"
The Coon,Mysterion,I don't have time for this. [brings out some fireworks and lights the fuse. He drops the fireworks on the ground and leaves. They pop up and deter the Coon from following him. When the smoke clears the Coon looks around and doesn't see anyone.]
The Coon,The Coon,"Fireworks are illegal in Colorado, you asshole! [to the officers on the second floor] Hey, he's got fireworks!"
The Coon,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. A pissed-off Cartman, wearing his ""Who is the Coon?"" T-shirt, walks down the hall until he finds his classmates."
The Coon,Cartman,"So, guys! Any of you do anything interesting last night?!"
The Coon,Stan,Not really.
The Coon,Cartman,"Really?! Nobody was playing with any fireworks?! [grabs Stan's right hand and sniffs it vigorously, then lets it go and looks around for other suspects]"
The Coon,Stan,"Dude, what the hell?"
The Coon,Cartman,"Aha! Kenny! I should have known! [walks over to Kenny's locker and points] Why do you have a picture of Mysterion in your locker, Kenny?! [points at Kenny] Unless you are Mysterion!"
The Coon,Stan,"[opens his door to demonstrate something] Dude, I have a picture of Mysterion in my locker too."
The Coon,Clyde,"Yeah, so do I."
The Coon,Cartman,What?! Why?
The Coon,Clyde,"I don't know, it's just a cool costume."
The Coon,Cartman,"It's not a cool costume! He just wears his underwear over his buttfucking pants! Now, come on, which one of you guys is it?!"
The Coon,Wendy,[walking by] How are you so sure Mysterion is a boy?
The Coon,Cartman,[gasps and walks away a bit to watch Wendy leave] Fucking bitch...
The Coon,Scene Description,"U Stor It storage facility, night. Two pigeons perched on the top of the sign suddenly take wing."
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over] I had no choice. [he peeks out from behind a building, then runs] I was at the end of my rope. [he hears a sound and turns to its direction] Sometimes when a superhero needs answers, he has to turn to the wretched underbelly of society."
The Coon,A Voice,Hahahahahahahahaaa... Look what the cat dragged in.
The Coon,The Coon,Come out where I can see you!
The Coon,A Voice,"What's the matter, Coon? Nervous?"
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over] I didn't want to resort to this, but he could have the answers I need."
The Coon,A Voice,How utterly delightful! The heroic and mighty Coon [Professor Chaos leaps into view] come to put a stop to me again.
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over] Chaos. I need to keep on my toes. [speaks] I'm not here to stop you this time, Chaos! I need information."
The Coon,Professor Chaos,Oh I'm sure you do. But you see I [almost trips on his cape] whoop. [recovers] But you see I also know you like to beat me up.
The Coon,The Coon,"I didn't call you to fight, Chaos! I came to see if you know Mysterion's identity. [the two adversaries begin to circle each other]"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Oh I'm close. And I'll put an end to him, and all of you goody-two-shoe heroes!"
The Coon,The Coon,I'm not on his side!
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Do you think I'm a fool?! All those times you stopped me from my acts of evil! All those times you tricked me into meeting you, and then ga- and then gave me titty-twisters! Not this time, Coon! I finally learned my lesson! Now, General Disarray! [General Disarray holds a rope on the roof behind the Coon at the end of the storage building. He jumps down and swings towards the Coon and knocks him down] Yeah-ha! [General Disarray tries to keep the Coon on the ground.]"
The Coon,The Coon,That's it! [stands up]
The Coon,Professor Chaos,O- oh careful General Disarray.
The Coon,The Coon,"Agh- Stop it! You, you... butthole! Knock it off!"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Hehyeah! We beat him, General Disarray! [General Disarray has the Coon in a choke hold]"
The Coon,The Coon,Listen to me! I want to... help you... get rid of Mysterion!
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Let him go, General Disarray! [General Disarray lets go and hops off. Professor Chaos puts his fists to his waist] Why would you help us?!"
The Coon,The Coon,"Because Mysterion is trying to [bumps General Disarray off. General Disarray strikes a couple of trash cans and gets up a bit dazed] You fucker, that fuckin' hurt! [turns towards Professor Chaos] Because Mysterion is trying to say he's the hero this town needs! But that's my job!"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,But you both fight for justice and good.
The Coon,The Coon,"Yeah, but he's a fuckin' dick! I want him gone just as much as you do!"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Very well. I will show you what we know about Mysterion's identity, but if this is some kind of setup-"
The Coon,The Coon,"N- I'm the good guy, Chaos. I don't betray people."
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Weh- oh yeah. [turns and walks away. General Disarray walks away also, and the Coon follows them]"
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over] I didn't like having to work with this scumbag. But I knew Mysterion was out there, plotting his next move."
The Coon,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, night. Kyle sits at his desk deep in thought."
The Coon,Mysterion,[on Kyle's bed] Hello Kyle.
The Coon,Kyle,"[looks, then jumps in his seat] Whoa, what the?"
The Coon,Mysterion,Do not be afraid. I mean you no harm.
The Coon,Kyle,"Hey. Hey, you're that Mysterion kid."
The Coon,Mysterion,Yes. But now I believe someone is trying to learn my true identity.
The Coon,Kyle,"Dude, everyone's trying to figure out who you are."
The Coon,Mysterion,"[turns away from Kyle] I cannot be unmasked, for then I would stop being a symbol. I need help. Somebody who can do background checks for me, do some investigating."
The Coon,Kyle,Who? Me? Why?
The Coon,Mysterion,Because I think you are the smartest kid in class. [looks over his shoulder. Kyle just stands there.]
The Coon,Scene Description,"U Stor It storage facility, night."
The Coon,Professor Chaos,This way! We will now show you our secret headquarters of DOOM.
The Coon,The Coon,You guys have your own storage facility?
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Actually it belongs to General Disarray's grandma, um but she lets us use it. [General Disarray removes the lock from the unit and tries to lift the door. Professor Chaos helps him out and holds the door open as General Disarray and the Coon enter, then enters and lets the door drop closed behind them. Professor Chaos leads the Coon through the unit] This is where we come up with all our evil plans. Here's our computer relays. [a TV on a large stereo console with a toy keyboard attached] And this is like a, a cube of chaos that can destroy the world in one second! [an unsolved Rubik's Cube under glass, on a table from which a sign hangs: WARNING DO NOT TOUCH!] And here's some of our evil minions! [hamsters] We have everything we need here. Can I offer you a Coke or a Sprite or something?"
The Coon,The Coon,I'll take a Sprite.
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Uhget the Coon a Sprite, General Disarray. [General Disarray leaves to get the Sprite while Professor Chaos takes the Coon to a wall with pictures of the other guys in class on it] As you can see we too have been working hard on Mysterion's identity."
The Coon,The Coon,"You have an entire wall dedicated to Mysterion? What about...? Do you, do you still have that ""Who Is The Coon?"" T-shirt I gave you?"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Oh yeah, I think it's around here somewhere. Uh, using our photos we are tryin' to pinpoint Mysterion's identity."
The Coon,The Coon,"Why is Cartman crossed out? He, he could be Mysterion."
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"No, he's too fat. Based on his body type it's gotta be someone like Stan or Kyle. [The Coon turns away, insulted, but his eyes pop open as he sees who the Coon suspects are: Harvey Fierstein, Cartman, and Bruce Vilanch. It just makes him angrier]"
The Coon,The Coon,"Alright, al, alright, alright, look, Chaos. Just set up a video camera. I know how we can put an end to Mysterion once and for all."
The Coon,Scene Description,Channel Nine News splash screen comes up.
The Coon,Anchor,The clock is ticking and the citizens of South Park are gripped in fear. Two days ago an evil unknown terrorist threatened major consequences if Mysterion [a pic of Mysterion appears] does not reveal his identity.
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"[from his headquarters, reading a prepared statement] Mark my words, South Park! Your precious hero is now, uh, your undoing! If Mysterion does not unmask himself publicly by Wednesday night, I am going to blow up... a hospital. Blow up a hospital? [looks off to his right] I'm not gonna blow up any hospital. Are you nuts? What? [turns to the camera] Uh, the choice is yours, Mysterion! Unmask yourself or hundreds will die! Hahaha. [looks off to his right again] Jesus Christ."
The Coon,Anchor,Since the threat was issued there has been no sign of Mysterion. Where is Mysterion?
The Coon,Anchor 2,[through his teeth] Where is Mysterion?
The Coon,Scene Description,"On the first floor of a construction site. Chaos, Coon, and Disarray are there with lots of TNT piled up around them. There are no walls up, so the floor is open."
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Hey Coon w-we aren't actually gonna blo- blow up anything, are we?"
The Coon,The Coon,"If you don't make good on your threats, Chaos, then what good are your threats?"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"But you really wanna blow up a hospital? I mean, a-aren't you a good guy?"
The Coon,The Coon,"Sometimes blowing up hospitals is for the greater good, Chaos."
The Coon,General Disarray,"[walks up to Professor Chaos] You know, I've been thinking: if we're really evil villains, then we should betray him, and blow him up with the hospital."
The Coon,The Coon,"You know, you're a little scrotum-licker dude! Why don't you shut the fuck up?! [turns and runs to the edge of the floor] Alright Chaos, I'm gonna get the triggers for these things at ACE Hardware. Keep an eye on this stuff! [jumps down to the ground]"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Aww jeez General Disarray, this is a lot more than I ever really intended. [General Disarray almost loses his balance twice, but recovers both times] I mean, well I hate the world and all its puny inhabitants and all but, but blowin' up a hospital? It just seems mean. [a shadow spreads across the floor before them. They look towards the shadow's source and find Mysterion standing on a beam above them. Chaos gasps] Whoa. Oh hamburgers!"
The Coon,General Disarray,AAAGH! [runs away to the other end of the floor and behind some boxes of TNT]
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Aaah, a m m Mysterion, I b-, I beg you, I mean ah, judahadahada..."
The Coon,Mysterion,"Why are you doing this?! This isn't your usual MO, Chaos!"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Whowell I b- Well I b- ah I just would jes one nigh-, and then the Coon saw it up and I wa able to, and was able to [begins to mumble and fade out]"
The Coon,Scene Description,On the street below people walk along the sidewalks unaware of anything happening above them until a scream is heard.
The Coon,Professor Chaos,Waaugh!
The Coon,Man 5,What is that?
The Coon,Scene Description,On the construction site Professor Chaos and Mysterion fight.
The Coon,Man 6,Look! Mysterion and Professor Chaos are fighting!
The Coon,Man 7,"Give him hell, Mysterion! [more people appear and begin cheering the fight. General Disarray returns to help Professor Chaos]"
The Coon,Woman 2,Look out Mysterion! General Disarray is behind you! [General Disarray grabs onto Mysterion's left leg]
The Coon,Officer 3,"Jesus Christ, we need backup out here! [a police car pulls up as he says this. A sniper tries to train his scope on Professor Chaos]"
The Coon,Officer 4,"I think I can get a shot at Chaos, sir."
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"[stays his officer's rifle] You think your bullets can hurt him? [Chaos and Disarray have defeated Mysterion, who lies unconscious on his back against some open bags of plaster. The crowd below gasps]"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Yeah, we did it!"
The Coon,Man 8,[breaking the crowd's silence] He's dead. Mysterion is dead.
The Coon,Woman 3,Nooo... [begins to sob. Other begin to sob too]
The Coon,Reporter,"The impossible has happened. Mysterion, beloved protector of the city, is dead. Who will save us now?"
The Coon,Man 9,Wait! Look! [Mysterion begins to move and wakes up]
The Coon,Officer 4,"He's all right! [the crowd cheers and the battle between Mysterion and Chaos resumes, with Disarray trying to restrain Mysterion. Mysterion throws him off, and Disarray runs away again]"
The Coon,Cartman,"[offscreen] Oh my God, look everyone, it's the Coon!"
The Coon,The Coon,[walking up a ramp to the first floor] Fear not everyone! Coon is here to save the day.
The Coon,Man 10,Isn't that Bruce Vilanch?
The Coon,Man 11,Be careful Bruce Vilanch! There are superhumans fighting right over there!
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Okay sorry sorry! I'm sorry! I give up! Please, I give up!"
The Coon,The Coon,"Don't worry, Mysterion! [Mysterion gets off Chaos and Chaos stands up] The Coon will now help you!"
The Coon,Professor Chaos,"Well, wait! I thought we were workin' together. [the Coon punches him in the mouth] Waaa. [sprouts a bloody nose] Oh jeez, I think I broke a tooth. [covers his face, turns left and runs out of view, mumbling. The crowd cheers some more]"
The Coon,The Coon,"That was great teamwork, Mysterion. South Park is safe. Until next time."
The Coon,Mysterion,What next time?
The Coon,The Coon,"Well, people are obviously so desperate to learn your identity that they'll do anything. Won't be long before the next villain comes along and threatens violence unless you take off your mask. [Mysterion gives this some thought.]"
The Coon,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. Mysterion stands at a podium flanked by the Coon and the Park County police.
The Coon,Mysterion,"Citizens, tonight has shown me I have no choice but to unmask myself."
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Don't do it, Mysterion! If you show your identity we'll be forced to arrest you for being a vigilante!"
The Coon,The Coon,Don't you think he knows that?! But superheroes know that sometimes you have to sacrifice yourself for the greater good.
The Coon,Man 12,"Don't show your face, Mysterion!"
The Coon,Man 13,You have to be a symbol!
The Coon,The Coon,So that the next terrorist can threaten South Park if he doesn't unmask himself?!
The Coon,Mysterion,"No, it's true. As long as my identity is a mystery, this will just happen again and again. It has to end. I will show my face. [the camera zooms in on him as he gets ready to remove his mask. As soon as he shows his eyes and nose, the camera stops]"
The Coon,Crowd,Ohhh.
The Coon,Man 14,[holding a camera] Well I'll be.
The Coon,The Coon,I knew it was you! 'Member I even said it before!
The Coon,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, a kid from my class was Mysterion."
The Coon,Sgt. Yates,"Well I'm sorry but you're under arrest. Take the kid to jail. [hands Mysterion over to Murphy, who escorts him away]"
The Coon,The Coon,"[voice over] My entire plan worked to perfection. [holds up his right hand] My work here is done. [leaps away, then appears on the roof of a building] With Mysterion out of the way the Coon can finally go back to keeping the city safe. [runs across the roof and leaps down, holding on to the sides of a ladder. He leaps off the bottom of the ladder and plants his right hand on the ground] Once again, I alone am the symbol this town can stand behind. [he eats a burger meal at a fast food restaurant] Every town needs a hero. [walks down a street towards sunset] Every town needs... a Coon. [looks back at the camera, then turns away and resumes walking. Last scene has the Coon riding down the street on his Big Coon Wheel tricycle]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,A new building - South Park Bank Savings and Loans. A line of customers waits to advance. Stan and Randy are at the head of the line.
Margaritaville,Stan,"Do I really have to do this, Dad?"
Margaritaville,Randy,"Stan, now more than ever you need to understand the importance of saving money."
Margaritaville,Stan,But Grandma said I could use this money to buy whatever I want.
Margaritaville,Benny,"Okay, next please."
Margaritaville,Randy,"Go on, Stanley. [Stan walks up to Benny's desk and takes a seat.]"
Margaritaville,Benny,"How can I help you, young man?"
Margaritaville,Stan,"I got a hundred dollar check from my grandma, and my dad said I need to put it in the bank so it can grow over the years."
Margaritaville,Benny,"Well that's fantastic, a really smart decision, young man. We can put that check in a Money Market Mutual Fund, then we'll reinvest the earnings into foreign currency accounts with compounding interest aaand it's gone. [they look at each other for a long time]"
Margaritaville,Stan,"Uh, what?"
Margaritaville,Benny,It's gone. It's all gone.
Margaritaville,Stan,What's all gone?
Margaritaville,Benny,"The money in your account - it didn't do too well, it's gone."
Margaritaville,Stan,What do you mean? I have a hundred dollars.
Margaritaville,Benny,Not anymore you don't. POOF.
Margaritaville,Stan,"Well, what can I do to get back my money-?"
Margaritaville,Benny,"I'm sorry sir, but this line is for bank members only."
Margaritaville,Stan,I just opened an account.
Margaritaville,Benny,Do you have any money invested in this bank?
Margaritaville,Stan,"No, you just lost it all!"
Margaritaville,Benny,Then please stand aside for people who actually have money with us. Next please. [an elderly woman steps up and bumps Stan out of the chair.]
Margaritaville,Stan,Hey!
Margaritaville,Benny,"Hello Mrs. Farnickle, how are you today? Making a deposit are we? Great, we can just put that into your retirement account and make it go to work for you aaaaand it's gone."
Margaritaville,Mrs. Farnickle,What?
Margaritaville,Benny,"Sorry, yeah, that's gone. Please step aside for people who actually have money with the bank. Next please."
Margaritaville,Stan,Dad!
Margaritaville,Randy,Hey I'm trying to teach my son the importance of savings. You already lost his money?
Margaritaville,Benny,"Oh, Mr. Marsh, don't worry. We can just transfer money from your account into a portfolio with your son's-- aaand it's gone! This line is for people who have money with the bank only. Please step aside! [both Randy and Stan are dumbstruck.]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,Breaking news. A 9 News Special Report graphic appears.
Margaritaville,Announcer,This is a 9 News Special Report. RECESSION: A NATION IN PERIL.
Margaritaville,Anchor,"An economic crisis has hit South Park and the nation like never before. Another South Park bank has closed down, leaving thousands of people in debt."
Margaritaville,Mr. Garrison,"[in front of a convenience store] It's just crazy, you know? Ev-everyone's affected by it. It's like all the money just... vanished."
Margaritaville,Stephen,[in front of the Stotch home] It's really terrifying. We... we've got no money to pay our mortgage now. We could very easily lose our house!
Margaritaville,Butters,"[waves to the camera, but his face is blocked by the 9 News logo] Hi, Grandma!"
Margaritaville,Darryl Weathers,"First the money started goin', and now everyone's gettin' laid off work! They took arrr jawbs!"
Margaritaville,Worker 1,They took our jobs!
Margaritaville,Worker 2,[shrieking] Derk er derrrrrr!
Margaritaville,Worker 3,Deeekerrdrrr!
Margaritaville,Worker 4,Deeerkerrrrrrdrrrr!
Margaritaville,Anchor,"Just how far will the economy fall? We asked economic reporter Dan Banks for his assessment. [a shot of Dan, who raises a gun to his head and fires, shooting his brains out and falling out of view.] We'll have the rest of Dan's interview tonight at 10."
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinnertime. Sharon walks in with the simplest dinner: hot dogs and sliced tomatoes. Everyone has a glass of water or soda, Randy has a margarita glass."
Margaritaville,Sharon,"All right everyone, eat up. [takes her seat]"
Margaritaville,Randy,Aw Jesus Christ! Sliced hot dogs and tomato slices?!
Margaritaville,Sharon,You said we had to be careful with our money. I've got nothing for a food budget.
Margaritaville,Stan,"Mom, Dad, how come there's suddenly no money?"
Margaritaville,Randy,"[grabs a hot dog from the platter] I'll tell you what happened, son. See, there's a bunch of idiots out there who weren't happy with what they had. [slaps the hot dog onto his own plate] They wanted a bigger house and materialistic things that they didn't even need-- [grabs his margarita glass and rises from the table] people with no money who got loans to buy frivolous things they had no business buying. [walks over to a Margaritaville margarita blender and loads it with ice. A margarita mix is already in place in the blender] And these assholes just blindly started buying any stupid thing that looked appealing, [puts the ice scooper back into the ice bucket] 'cause they thought money was endless! [starts up the blender, which drowns out whatever he says for the next nine seconds] It goes back to when the government had the idea that everyone in America deserves to own a house. So we have people having a hard time paying their loans, [the blender stops] meaning less money coming in. [serves himself a margarita and places the blender back on its base] And the idiots couldn't see that by doing all this frivolous spending they were mocking the Economy. And they made the Economy very angry. [goes back to his seat with his margarita] We're all feeling the Economy's vengeance because of materialistic heathens who did stupid things with their money! Do you understand, son? [sips from his margarita glass]"
Margaritaville,Stan,"Yeah, I think I get it."
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"The South Park Mall, day. Anyone who has something to say about the economy is preaching to the crowd gathered there."
Margaritaville,Orator 1,And so why is our economy failing us? Because the government kept interest rates too low for too long! The government took our economy for granted and now we are all here paying the price! How long will we sit and watch our economy fall... As the people we must...
Margaritaville,Orator 2,...An angel came to me and so I say to you: Do not listen to the Wall Street brokers! For they are the ones that put us in this situation! Fat cats with corporate greed! They are the ones who knowingly drove us down this pathway of doom! Our responsibility is...
Margaritaville,Cartman,"And where has all the money gone? It must have gone somewhere! The answer is obvious, my friends! It is the Jews! Covetous Jews who have taken all our money and hoarded it for themselves! Hidden all the cash in some... secret Jew cave that they built, probably back in the early 60s! It is the Jews, my friends, who are oft..."
Margaritaville,Randy,"[dressed in a drab green toga] There are different people casting all different kinds of blame from person to person. But the fault lies in all of you! [starts pointing at random people] YOU, who bought that three hundred thousand dollar house when you only had twenty thousand to put down? YOU, who bought that third car, even though only two people in your home drive! It is time to stop pointing fingers! [speeds up his rate of pointing] Finger pointing gets us nowhere, Steve! We have mocked our Economy. And now the Economy has cast its vengeance upon us all!"
Margaritaville,Man 1,He's right.
Margaritaville,Man 2,This is the first guy to actually make sense. [more people are attracted to Randy's preaching]
Margaritaville,Randy,"Yea, it is an angry and unforgiving Economy. To repent we must stop frivolous spending! Instead of paying for cable let us watch clouds! Instead of buying clothes, wear but sheets from thine beds! Cut spending to only the bare essentials! Water and bread and margaritas, yea. [everyone applauds softly]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"Sur la Table, day. Stan walks in with the Margaritaville and heads to the counter."
Margaritaville,Clerk,"Hello young man, welcome to Sur la Tahbluh. Can I help you?"
Margaritaville,Stan,"Yeah, I wanna return this Margaritaville my stupid dad bought."
Margaritaville,Clerk,"Oh, that's all we get anymore, returns. Could you please just put the receipt here on this tahbluh. [Stan tries to put the receipt onto the counter, but the large Margaritaville gets in the way. Stan then just reaches up and the clerk takes the receipt] Sorry, our computers are a little slow today. We need a new Ethernet cahbluh. Oh, I'm sorry, sir, I'd like to give you a refund but I'm afraid it's not doahbluh."
Margaritaville,Stan,What?
Margaritaville,Clerk,"I said I'm not ahbluh, sir. You see, this Margaritaville was purchased with a payment plan?"
Margaritaville,Stan,So?
Margaritaville,Clerk,Well an outside financing company handles those payment plans. Customers just pay for some of the machine and the finance company pays for the rest.
Margaritaville,Stan,Well can't I just return it and get the money my dad put in back?
Margaritaville,Clerk,"[rests his head on his left hand] Hm... that's improbahbluh, [raises his left hand] but not impossibluh. I'm not really sure how it works; you'll, you'll have to speak with the people at the top. I can give you the finance company's address if that... agreeahbluh with you. [Stan just looks at him]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"South Park Mall exterior, just after sunset. Randy is on a table pacing back and forth, again dressed in a toga."
Margaritaville,Randy,"We have become lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of the Economy! There are those who will say that the Economy has forsaken us! Nay! You have forsaken the Economy!! And now you know the Economy's wrath! O thoust can shop at a sporting goods store, but knowest thou that the Economy will take away thy Broncos' cap from thine head! [a shot of the Stotches in togas] Mock the Economy without fear! Thine own stockbrokers... now lie dead by their own hand and thou knowest that thy stockbrokers did not fear the Economy! Well here we are, my friends! You have brought the Economy's vengeance upon yourselves!"
Margaritaville,Gerald,"What can we do, Randy?"
Margaritaville,Man 3,Yes tell us.
Margaritaville,Man 4,Tell us.
Margaritaville,Man 5,Tell us what to do.
Margaritaville,Man 6,"Tell us, Randy, what we should do!"
Margaritaville,Man 7,"What should we do, Randy?!"
Margaritaville,Randy,"We must all wear sheets instead of buying clothes that need detergent! Instead of cars that take gasoline we can... get around on llamas from Drake's farm! Instead of video games that take batteries and software, our kids will play with squirrels! We must let the Economy know that we are capable of respecting it! No more needless spending! [everyone begins to cheer] The Economy is our shepherd. We shall not want. [stretches out his arms as the audience cheers him on.]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"South Park, sometime later. Everyone is wearing blankets instead of clothes, in the forms of togas and cloaks. People have begun to ride llamas, carry stuff in wooden boxes, and leave bales of hay around for the llamas and oxen. Businesses all along the street have shuttered their doors and windows and gone out of business. It's a much simpler way of living."
Margaritaville,Al,[on a llama] Mornin' Ted.
Margaritaville,Ted,[shoveling snow off his walkway] Mornin' Al.
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"At a park nearby, the boys sit on rocky surfaces dressed in togas and being bored. Butters tries to fish for squirrels, but none of the squirrels are biting."
Margaritaville,Kyle,Well this sucks!
Margaritaville,Clyde,Sure was better when our parents were buyin' us stuff.
Margaritaville,Cartman,"[arrives and sighs] Hengh! [the squirrels run off] Of all the times for people to decide to stop buying things, it had to be the week that Grand Theft Auto 4 comes out for Nintendo DS! [stomps his left foot down] Hengh!"
Margaritaville,Kyle,"You want something new every week, fatass."
Margaritaville,Cartman,"[leaps towards him] Don't you fraternize me! This is all your fault, you know!"
Margaritaville,Kyle,My fault?
Margaritaville,Cartman,"The Jews took all the money away, and they ha-!"
Margaritaville,Kyle,"[jumps off his rocky perch and faces Cartman] Don't even start! Don't even start, Cartman!"
Margaritaville,Butters,"Well, [Kyle looks back at him] why are we wearin' bedsheets and playing with squirrels, Kyle?"
Margaritaville,Kyle,"Not because of the Jews, Butters! Who told you that?"
Margaritaville,Butters,Well Eric did. [Kyle glares at Cartman again]
Margaritaville,Cartman,"Just tell us where the cave is, Kyle."
Margaritaville,Kyle,"Now look! The reason we're in this situation is because people are being stupid! The economy isn't some vengeful being that takes things away from us. The economy is just made up of people, and people have just lost their faith in it. [the other boys now pay attention to Kyle. Two men watch Kyle from afar.] What people really should be doing is spending more. Spending is fine. People should just go out and shop. They should buy the things they need for their friends and family."
Margaritaville,Man 8,"We best speak with the Council, and tell them... a young Jew is speaking heresy towards the Economy."
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"Big Orange Finance Company, day. Stan reaches its glass doors and pushes his way in backwards, then turns around and walks up to the receptionist's desk."
Margaritaville,Receptionist,Can I help you?
Margaritaville,Stan,I wanna return this Margaritaville.
Margaritaville,Receptionist,"O-kay, let me send you into Josh. [next shot is of Josh dipping his finger into a little can of Carmex and spreading it on his lips]"
Margaritaville,Josh,"Heeey, welcome to Big Orange Finance Company, yeah. Have a seat. You want some Carmex?"
Margaritaville,Stan,"No thanks. I wanna return this Margaritaville, and the guy at Sur la Table said that you were the company that financed it."
Margaritaville,Josh,"Oh yeah no, you know what? No, yeah."
Margaritaville,Stan,What?
Margaritaville,Josh,"Yeah, we can't give you your money back for that, yeah, no. You'd have to talk to the people on Wall Street, yeah, mmmm."
Margaritaville,Stan,Wall Street?
Margaritaville,Josh,"Yeah, no, see, what I do is find Americans who want a frozen beverage machine but can't afford one, and I hook them up with investors who want to get into the margarita bill payment plan business, yeah."
Margaritaville,Stan,So?
Margaritaville,Josh,"Yeah, so the problem is your Margaritaville payment plan has been combined with thousands of others into one big Margaritaville security, yeah, no. Yeah. No. Yeah... [Stan sighs in frustration]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. Llamas wait in the parking lot with hay bales near them as toga-clad adults walk towards the center's doors. Inside, a council of nine sits in the dark. Six candles give light to two tables. Randy sits on a throne."
Margaritaville,Stephen,"The entire town has given over to your ways, Mr. Chairman. Everyone has even stopped using electricity so as to stop paying electrical bills."
Margaritaville,Father Maxi,"You've really done an amazing thing, Mr. Marsh. People have learned to hold on to their money so as not to feel the sting of the Economy's mighty sword."
Margaritaville,Randy,"I am pretty smart, yea. But I have assembled this economic committee to make sure that everyone sticks to my new plan."
Margaritaville,Skeeter,"We've got guards posted at the mall to make sure nobody gets tempted to buy dumb stuff. And, uh, Pat Sallsman is doin' house checks to make sure nobody is ordering anything stupid online."
Margaritaville,Randy,Then perhaps soon our Economy will return to us.
Margaritaville,Man 9,"Council, I bring news of discord! A young Jew was in the town square speaking blasphemy about the Economy!"
Margaritaville,Randy,What?!
Margaritaville,Man 9,He was saying that... your ideas are false and the Economy is not vengeful. He was rallying people to spend more!
Margaritaville,Father Maxi,Spend more?! What mockery is this?!
Margaritaville,Randy,"Relax, Father Maxi. What harm can one Jew do against our... economic recovery movement?"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"The same park as before. The squirrels are back, Cartman joins the other boys on the rocks, resting against one."
Margaritaville,Cartman,"I had a dream last night. I was in a field, and I had Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars right next to me. But then the sky went black and ...Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars just... melted in my hand. [begins to sob, and a rowdy crowd approaches from the right]"
Margaritaville,Kyle,"What's that? [a crowd of men runs past them, snatching up squirrels on the way]"
Margaritaville,Man 10,"'Scuse me, we need to borrow your squirrels."
Margaritaville,Kyle,What? [the boys stand and follow the men]
Margaritaville,Mr. Garrison,"Now please, please! [holds his arms up in self-defense]"
Margaritaville,Man 10,You have sinned!
Margaritaville,Mr. Garrison,"Oh Jesus, I'm sorry. Please."
Margaritaville,Kyle,What's going on?
Margaritaville,Man 10,"Garrison, you have brought your filth to this town for the last time!"
Margaritaville,Kyle,What did he do?
Margaritaville,Man 11,Your teacher was caught buying a KitchenAid Stand Mixer at Bed Bath & Beyond!
Margaritaville,Man 10,"Take that punishment, heathen! [the crowd begins stoning Garrison with squirrels]"
Margaritaville,Kyle,"[steps in between Garrison and the crowd] Hey! Hey, stop it! Stop!"
Margaritaville,Man 10,"Move aside, kid! He must pay for his stand mixer."
Margaritaville,Kyle,"Come on, this is ridiculous!"
Margaritaville,Man 10,What's ridiculous about hucking squirrels at a man who has angered the Economy?!
Margaritaville,Kyle,"Ju-just have a little compassion, huh? I mean, everyone's gone out and bought something stupid. It's not so bad. Whichever of you guys has never bought anything frivolous, go ahead and huck the next squirrel. [a man behind Principal Victoria moves and hucks a squirrel at Garrison]"
Margaritaville,Mr. Garrison,Oh. [the crowd gets rowdy again]
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"Wall Street, the New York Stock Exchange. It's a busy day. Stan walks into view from the left."
Margaritaville,Stan,"'Scuse me. 'Scuse me! I'd like to return this Margaritaville, please?"
Margaritaville,Stockbroker,Margaritaville?
Margaritaville,Stan,My dad bought it on a payment plan that was set up by a finance company which got their principal investors from somebody here.
Margaritaville,Stockbroker,"Oh, that makes sense."
Margaritaville,Stan,It does?
Margaritaville,Stockbroker,"You see, son, we lump thousands of these Margaritaville installment plans together into Margaritaville-based securities, then chop those securities up in a way that we could sell them to banks."
Margaritaville,Stan,So I can return it to a bank?
Margaritaville,Stockbroker,"Nope, because a bunch of people like you are defaulting on their Margaritavilles so the government had to buy the Margaritaville assets from the banks."
Margaritaville,Stan,What?!
Margaritaville,Stockbroker,"Just talk to the Treasury Department in DC. They're the ones who really understand how all this works. [notices some activity on his stocks] Oh, sell sell sell sell sell sell sell!"
Margaritaville,Stan,Aargh! [walks off with the Margaritaville]
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"In a meadow near town, day. Kyle has his own Sermon on the Mount."
Margaritaville,Kyle,"Listen, this is all you need to know: the economy is not a supernatural all-knowing entity. The economy is just an idea, made up by people, thousands of years ago. The economy is not real. And yet, it is real. Nowadays they'll give credit cards to practically anyone who applies for them. [pulls out an envelope] I applied for this yesterday to prove a point. It is an American Express Platinum card. [from Kyle's position, one can see hundreds of people listening to him] It has no spending limit. [cries of shock rise from the crowd] Do not be afraid! This is only plastic. It's just something made up by people. Truly meaningless until we put our faith in it. Faith is what makes an economy exist. Without faith, it is only plastic cards and paper money."
Margaritaville,Scene Description,Park County Community Center. The economic recovery movement council is meeting again.
Margaritaville,Man 11,"By all reports, the young Jew is not letting up! He is still going around convincing people to have faith in the Economy by shopping!"
Margaritaville,Randy,"We've done everything we can and yet the Economy has not improved. Worse, it has declined! Poor Bart here just lost his job at Little Caesar's Pizza. Our tireless work is obviously being undermined by this one Jew. Why does he go around pretending to know the true will of the Economy?"
Margaritaville,Stephen,"Perhaps... he is the Economy's only Son, sent to save us."
Margaritaville,Father Maxi,"Are you retarded, Stotch?! The Economy is omnipotent! Which means it can do anything! So saying it would be limited to one Son is fucking stupid!"
Margaritaville,Randy,"That is stupid, yea. And going around telling people to shop... is dangerous!"
Margaritaville,Man 12,"Well then, there's only one option: we have to kill the Jew."
Margaritaville,Father Maxi,"Yep, I think we gotta kill the Jew."
Margaritaville,Skeeter,I don't know... He's got a lot of support. It might be hard to even catch this Jew. [a screeching sound is heard. A hand is seen going down a blackboard. and it belongs to Cartman]
Margaritaville,Cartman,"Did somebody say ""catch a Jew""? The person you're after might be hard to get, but I can bring him to you. And all I want in return... is Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars for handheld Nintendo DS."
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"The U.S. Treasury Department, day. The camera pans down from the top of the building to street level, and shows Stan walking past a statue with the Margaritaville. Stan then goes up the steps and through the domed atrium. Three men gather in front of him and face him. He stops and drops the Margaritaville to the floor."
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,"Uhh, how can we help you, young man?"
Margaritaville,Stan,I want to return this Margaritaville! My dad bought it on a payment plan set up by a finance company that got investors from Wall Street who combined it into securities sold to the banks who transferred it to you!
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,Ohhh that makes sense.
Margaritaville,Stan,Nnnaaargh!
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,No problem. We just need to consult the chart. We can determine your property's value and we'll be done.
Margaritaville,Stan,[surprised] Really? [puts his hands together] Thank you.
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,"Be right back. [they go into a room through the heavy double doors behind them and close the doors. A squawk is heard, then a cleaver and the sound of blood spurting out. Stan is startled. The men come back out through the doors with streaks of blood on them.]"
Margaritaville,Treasurer 2,"Excellent news, sir. We've determined the investment value of your Margaritaville to be... ninety trillion dollars."
Margaritaville,Stan,What?!
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"Whistlin' Willy's Pizza Gultch. Many of the boys are inside in the dark, seated at a long table reminiscent of The Last Supper. From left to right are Craig, Timmy, Jason, Cartman, Token, Kyle, Jimmy, Butters, Kenny, Tweek, Ike, and Clyde, all munching on slices of pizza. Some breadsticks are in a basket."
Margaritaville,Jimmy,"Hey, what's the matter, Kyle? You seem b-b-bu-bbbummed out."
Margaritaville,Kyle,I just have a feeling this might be the last time we get to do this.
Margaritaville,Butters,Well don't worry Kyle. We're not gonna let people kill you. We'll keep you hidden forever!
Margaritaville,Kyle,"I can't just hide my whole life, Butters. And besides, I have this strange feeling that one of you is gonna totally betray me. [the other boys gasp and look at Kyle. Tweek and Ike look at Clyde]"
Margaritaville,Cartman,"[stands up in his seat] All right, whoever is thinkin' of betraying Kyle, that is not cool! [checks for a reaction] That's freaking lame, dude! Kyle is trying to get the economy goin' again! If somebody is thinking of stabbing him in the back, you're b-you're being a dick! [clears his throat and sits down] Go ahead, Kyle."
Margaritaville,Kyle,"[looks at Cartman for a few seconds, then enunciates] Whoever it might happen to be, I'm not giving him the opportunity. Tomorrow I'm going to do something. Something I've known I would have to do restore people's faith."
Margaritaville,Jimmy,"Kyle please! For fu-fu for for-fu-fuck's sake, don't do anything drastic."
Margaritaville,Kyle,"There's no choice anymore, guys. Don't worry about me. I've been preparing for this for a while now. [looks down at his plate]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"The U.S. Treasury Department, day. Stan is still trying to figure things out with Treasury."
Margaritaville,Stan,Nononono excuse me! I don't understand! How can this stupid thing be worth ninety trillion dollars?!
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,"What, you think it's worth more?"
Margaritaville,Stan,"No, dude, that doesn't make sense!"
Margaritaville,Treasurer 2,"Well, you don't get ninety trillion dollars, but the chart says that's what it's worth."
Margaritaville,Treasurer 3,"[runs up to the other two treasurers] Uh oh, problem! Problem again!"
Margaritaville,Treasurer 2,What is it now?
Margaritaville,Treasurer 3,"Another insurance company is about to go under; if they do, people could lose millions!"
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,"Okay, no problem. [the three go behind the double doors again] We'd better consult the chart. [this time one of the doors is left ajar. Stan observes this and then takes the Margaritaville into the chart's room]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,The chart room. The three treasurers face three other men at the opposite end of the large chart. These other men sit in high-backed chairs and wear white wigs.
Margaritaville,Treasurer 3,"Sirs, another insurance company is going under!"
Margaritaville,Sir 1,"Now determining most prudent move for insurance company. [brings down the gavel. Treasurer 2 picks up a chicken and a meat cleaver, puts the chicken down against the edge of the chart, and chops its head off with the meat cleaver. He then drops it into the chart and it stumbles around while Treasurer 3 plays the kazoo. The headless chicken drops onto the bailout button and the button lights up and sets off a bell]"
Margaritaville,Treasurer 1,Bailout!
Margaritaville,Treasurer 3,Most prudent move is a bailout!
Margaritaville,Sir 1,"Bail out the insurance company! [Stan is upset at this method of resolving a serious economic problem. He picks up the Margaritaville, smashes it into the chart, turns around and leaves]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,"The city park, evening. A crowd is gathered for some reason..."
Margaritaville,Man 13,It's a miracle.
Margaritaville,Man 14,Why would someone do this? [members of the economic recovery council run up to see what the commotion is about]
Margaritaville,Randy,What is this? What's going on?
Margaritaville,Stephen,There! Look! [a shot of Kyle signing papers] It's the Jew. Somehow he got a platinum AmEx with no spending limit.
Margaritaville,Randy,What's he doing?
Margaritaville,Stephen,"He's... paying for everyone's debts. [a shot of several lines of people walking up to Kyle, who takes each bill, enters the amount due into a card reader, and swipes his card through the reader to pay the debt]"
Margaritaville,Darryl,"Hey thanks, kid, this is really nice of you."
Margaritaville,Randy,But that's... impossible. Why would he do this?
Margaritaville,Man 15,So that people will have money to spend.
Margaritaville,Sheila,"[runs up to Kyle] Kyle! [gets on her knees] Kyle, you have to stop this! [begins to cry]"
Margaritaville,Kyle,"It's okay, Ma."
Margaritaville,Sheila,"No-o Kyle, you'll be in debt for the rest of your life! [stands up and walks away] Please, somebody, get him to sto-o-op! [Randy gets an idea, points towards his house, and leaves. More people walk towards Kyle, and this continues for hours. Kyle begins to moan from lack of energy as he continues paying off debts]"
Margaritaville,Randy,[returns with his unpaid bills] Uh there's about seventeen thousand dollars' worth here.
Margaritaville,Kyle,"[pays it off, with difficulty.] Heunh. [Randy smiles and walks away]"
Margaritaville,Man 16,He paid for our debts so we could spend once more. [Kyle has stopped moving. A man steps up to check]
Margaritaville,Man 17,He's dead.
Margaritaville,Dr. Doctor,"[steps up to check Kyle's pulse] No, he's just passed out. We should get him to bed. [several men raise Kyle over their heads and gently carry him home. Sheila sobs and follows them. They all go through the living room, up the stairs, into Kyle's room, and lay him down. Sheila waits as the men leave, then leaves and closes the door so Kyle can recover in peace. Beams of light enter through the window]"
Margaritaville,Scene Description,Channel 9 News. The anchorman speaks.
Margaritaville,Anchor,"For the first time in almost a year, the economy in South Park has taken a small, but noticeable upturn. [a shot of a bustling mall] Stores and shopping malls are open again as newly debt-free people feel safe... to make purchases. [The Marshes are shopping, and Randy notices something]"
Margaritaville,Randy,"Wow, the new Margaritaville! [holds it up] With salsa dispenser! ""Just pour your favorite salsa in the top and it comes out the dispenser in the bottom."" Oh, we need this! [Sharon buries her face in her left hand]"
Margaritaville,Anchor,Are we out of the woods yet? Only time will tell. But we must not forget the sacrifice one person made to restore our faith and make us believe in the economy once again. The person we must thank every day for his amazing sacrifice. [the person is shown] Barack Obama. [a shot of Obama addressing a cheering crowd]
Margaritaville,Kyle,"[on the sofa watching the TV] Aww, come on!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The hallway is shown as the bell rings, and the students pour into the hallway from their classrooms. They're all chatting about something imminent."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"Oh, man, I thought that day would never end."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,"Hey, Stan, you wanna maybe study together after school?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"What?! No way, Wendy, today's the day!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,What day?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,The day they're showin' Part 2 of last week's Terrance and Phillip show!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Clyde,They're gonna finally reveal who Phillip farted on to get out of jail.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Red,"Oh God, that show is so dumb."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,Dumb?! Phillip farted in somebody's face super hard! But you don't know who until this week's episode!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Tweek,Eagh! This has been the longest week of my life!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Bebe,Why do boys think farts are so funny? They're juvenile and gross!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"No! No, nono, you're right, Bebe! Farts totally aren't funny. [walks from his locker to the middle of the hall, turns around, farts, and walks back to his locker. A little girl walks into the fart fumes and all the boys laugh]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Little Girl,Eww! [Butters points at her and laughs cruelly]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Kyle,"Come on guys, we gotta go! [leads the boys down the hall]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Jimmy,We're finally gonna learn the shocking truth of who Phillip f-farted on.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,Let's get to my house!! [the boys run out of school chattering away while the girls remain in the hall annoyed]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,"God, they're so stupid!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"Cartman's house, a while later. The boys walk into the living room and arrange themselves before the TV."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,Oh boy!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,This is gonna be great!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Craig,I've been waiting for this all week.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,Oh boy!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"[walks in with some snacks for himself and spots Craig on the sofa] Ah ah ah, that's my seat, Craig."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Craig,"Dude, I was here first."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"It's my Goddamned house, now get your bitch ass on the floor! [Craig moves to an empty spot on the floor as Cartman takes his place on the sofa]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,"Well it's on, it's on, itsonitsonitson!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,Graphics for the Canada Channel pop up onscreen.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Announcer,"You are watching the Canada Channel, the only channel in Canada."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Announcer 2,"Previously on Terrance & Phillip: Terrance farted on the American president, but Phillip took the heat. [A shot of Terrance farting on Barack Obama, who appears Canadian onscreen. The boys have a good laugh]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,[pleading his innocence as a prison guard shoves him into a cell] It wasn't me! [fart. The boys laugh again]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Announcer 2,"And now, the thrilling conclusion of... Terrance & Phillip: Blood Rage [""Part 2"" appears, followed by ""Special Presentation""]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Announcer,"...will not be seen tonight, so that we may bring you this Queef Sisters Special!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,APRIL FOOLS! A kazoo is heard.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,What?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Announcer 3,The Canada Channel presents... The Queef Sisters. Katherine and Katie Queef. [a shot of them at the beach farting pink queefs] Two Toronto girls who love shooting air out their vaginas. [a shot of them queefing on a unicorn.] It's The Queef Sisters special on Channel Canada.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"A Canadian doctor's clinic. The sisters wait inside, their legs on stirrups. The doctor walks in."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Doctor,"Alright Queef Sisters, it's time for your yearly PAP smear and vag exam."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,Alright Doctor.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"I'm ready, Doctor."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Doctor,[walks over to Katherine] Now I'm just going to check for cysts. [lowers his face and moves in closer for a good look... QUEEF!] Awww! [backs up and hides his face. Katherine begins to laugh. Katie joins in]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,What the fuck is this?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Doctor,"Now listen heauh! If you queef in my face, then I refuse to be your gynecologist!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"I'm sorry, doctor. I had air trapped in my vagina."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,Huhuhuhu!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Doctor,"Well just don't let it happen again! Now I'm going to check for cysts. [lowers his head, quickly glances at Katherine, then lowers his head again. QUEEF! The doctor recoils again] Arh! [Katherine laughs, then Katie joins in. The boys watch this special and aren't moved.] Now stop it! That isn't funny! Babies come from there! [goes back between Katherine's legs. QUEEF! The doctor hides his face again and the sisters laugh. The doctor is fed up and throws his notepad away] That's it! No PAP smear for you!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"But doctor, what if I have cancer?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Doctor,"You should have thought of that before you queefed in my face three times! [A shot of the boys confused, with Cartman getting mad]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,"They, uh they aren't gonna show part 2 of the Terrance and Phillip show?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,"Doctor, my sister is just being difficult. Maybe you can just examine my cervix instead."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Doctor,"Well alright, let me check for cysts. [goes over to Katie and lowers his head. QUEEF! He backs out] Nooo! [the sisters laugh] That does it, Queef Sisters! I'm not your vaginal doctor anymore! [walks out the door]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Oh Katie, I do believe we made the doctor angry."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,I guess so Katherine.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,Dude! What the hell is this disgusting crap?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The Canada Broadcasting Channel offices, day. Terrance & Phillip have just watched the same episode the boys did."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,What the hell is this disgusting crap?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Queef Sisters?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Network President,That's right. It's a hot new Canadian show we're trying out.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,You replaced our show with this?! But they aren't funny! All they do is queef all the time!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,That's sick!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Network President,You think farts are funny; why not queefs?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Because babies come from there!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Network President,"Eh, look guys, women are starting to be the driving force behind the television audience! You know, women empowerment and the get-go. So we want to try to appeal to the female sensibility. Sorry guys, but if you ask me, your farts have gotten stale!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman is in the hall talking on his cell phone surrounded by other kids."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"No! No! As a matter of fact, I will not hold! I've been on hold for thirty-five minutes! Well we want some Goddamned answers, that's what we want! Like why did you show that smut instead of the Terrance and Phillip conclusion, you asshole?!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,[walks up to Stan] What's going on?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,We're complaining to the Canada Network 'cause they put something really gross on TV!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"You wanna tell me what's funny about two women shooting air from their vagina into a man's face?! No! No! See, some of us were eating when you showed that!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Clyde,I threw up on my way home.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,Clyde threw up on his way home! What makes you think you can put that kind of filth on television?! [more girls begin to appear]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"You tell 'em, Cartman!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Red,What happened?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,They didn't show part 2 of Terrance and Phillip! [crosses his arms] They replaced it with the Queef Sisters!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Kyle,It was just thirty minutes of two women queefing on people!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Bebe,Oh what? So farts are hysterical but queefs are gross?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,You know that little kids could have been watching that?! What kind of network are you running there in Canada?! Don't call me buddy! I'm not your buddy! [the girls have heard enough and leave]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Bebe,I can't believe they're this upset.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Red,"God, they're annoying!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Annie,I don't even know what a queef is.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,"It's when a woman blows air out her vag, Annie."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Annie,Oh.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Red,"You know that girl Samantha Dunskin, she can make herself queef whenever she wants."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Bebe,Really?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,Wait a minute. I've got an idea.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"Meanwhile, just behind them, Cartman has Butters write out a letter as he dictates and paces around the floor."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"And to that end, by resorting to filth and garbage, the Canada Channel has thusly..."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Kyle,Robbed us of our innocence.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"Yes, that's good."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,[writing left-handed] Robbed us of our innocence... [the girls return]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Wendy,"Hey, guys, we have a little surprise for you."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"What? [a girl moves to the front of the group, and lets loose a queef into Butters' face. Butters is stunned and tries to get the queef off his face as if it were skunk musk]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,"Oh God, oh my God no! [runs down the hall and out the front doors of the school, still screaming and trying to get the queef off, then runs all the way home. He runs in, leaving the front door open and his father puzzled. He runs upstairs and into his room, slamming the door shut.]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stephen,Butters?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The Marsh house, later. Randy is talking on the phone, as Sharon listens in, worried."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Oh my God, well how is he doing? Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure. Huh, okay, well, thank you for telling me, Mr. Stotch, I'll spread the word. Yoeah, you take care. Bye. [hangs up the cordless phone] We need to cancel our plans, Sharon. There's gonna be an emergency all-parent meeting at the school tonight. [starts to go upstairs]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,Why? What happened?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"[backs down a couple of steps] A girl at school, she... queefed on one of Stan's friends today. [goes on upstairs. She looks on for a few seconds]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,...So?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"Stan's room. Stan is sitting at the edge of his bed moping. Randy knocks on the door, then opens it to peek in. He then walks up to Stan and sits next to him on the bed."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Hey, pal. I heard about what happened at school today. You wanna talk about it?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"Butters was just sitting there, Dad. He... he didn't even know it was coming."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"I know, pal. Sometimes... bad things happen to good people. But you know Butters is still Butters, and he needs you guys right now more than anybody."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"It was so gross, Dad, I mean, what if another girl at school tries-?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Hey, we're getting all the parents together and we're gonna take care of this, okay? Nothing like this will ever happen again."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gymnasium, night. Principal Victoria and Mr. Mackey wait for all the parents take their seats on the bleachers."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, parents, some of you have already heard, but most of you have not, m'kay? We've had a terrible incident occur at the school. Apparently a young girl uh, went up to a young boy here at the school, m'kay, and queefed in his face. [immediately people begin whispering to each other]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Gerald,How did this happen?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stuart,Where were the teachers?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Mrs. Testaburger,"Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Are you saying we're all here just because a girl queefed on a boy?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Man,Just?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Thomas,We're here to find out why!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,The question is how do we send a message to other girls in the school so this doesn't happen again! [more murmuring ensues]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Principal Victoria,"Now hold on a minute, I think we're being a little drastic here. You know, I probably see a boy in my office once a week for farting on a girl. [the men look at each other]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,What does that have to do with anything? [the women begin to murmur in reaction to that question]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,Live with Regis and Kelly. The camera pulls back in the sign to reveal the studio audience.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Regis,Our next guests have really taken America by storm. Their new hit show is being tuned in by women all over the world. Please welcome the Queef Sisters! [Regis and Kelly stand up to greet the sisters as the sisters go onstage]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,Oh hello Regis.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,Hello Kelly. [QUEEF. The sisters laugh]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Regis,"So, uh, gals, ...you seem to really like queefing."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Well Reeg, it's like this: we think that queefing is a perfectly normal female bodily function. Why not have fun with it? [rips out a new queef and laughs. The audience applauds and cheers]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Regis,"But I mean really, isn't queefing a bit juvenile?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,"Men enjoy farts, so why shouldn't women enjoy their queefs?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"That's right. We've written all aboot it in our new feminist book, Eat, Pray, Queef."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Kelly,Well I think that what you gals are doing for the feminist movement is amazing. And that's why women all over America stand behind you. [lets loose a most robust queef]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Regis,D'ohhh! [walks offstage covering his nose as the sisters laugh.]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The Canada Broadcasting Channel offices, day. Terrance & Phillip are there once again."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Network President,"Terrance and Phillip, you've put on a terrific show for many many years. You've made Canada Channel what it is today. You're fired."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance & Phillip,Fired?!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Network President,"Sorry guys, but this queefing thing is really catching on. [grabs some gift-wrapped boxes from under his desk and carries them to Terrance & Phillip.] Queef Sisters' ratings are through the roof, and to pay them what they're asking we've gotta get rid of you. Goodbye. Here's some cookies. [hands them the boxes]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"Brian, don't do this!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,You can't let Canada Channel be soiled by that perverse garbage! You know it's sick!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Brian,"[prepares himself a drink and walks by his window] Yes, I know it's sick. To be honest, I gag every time one of them lets out a queef. [turns around and glares at the duo] But it's money Goddammit and this channel needs it! I'm sorry, Terrance & Phillip, your show is done!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,The Martha Stewart show.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Martha,"I always love when Spring is on the way. Such a fun and inspiring time to decorate. Just like most women out there I've really gotten into queefing lately. [holds up some scissors and construction paper, and the camera pulls back to reveal her genitalia] It's a lot of fun and interesting ways we can decorate our queefs and just make them more dynamic for the holidays. What we're gonna do is just... cut out some paper... like... this... [snips away] and cut out little stars and little moon shapes, [puts those stars and moons into her vagina] and we're gonna just... jam those... up... and they have custom simple little sparkles from the hobby stores; they come in... little tube which make them very easy to just... [puts the sparkles into the vagina as well] shoot... right up the ol'... there we are. And of course you can feel free to add little flowers or maybe some festive Easter grass. But the point is that when we're done we can... let one rip. [she queefs and the stars, moons, and sparkles pop out in a fireworks display. She grins] See how pretty that was? It's a good thing."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The segment ends. Next, the Marsh house, day. The Marshes are enjoying a meal. A small sound is heard and Sharon smiles. Stan and Randy freeze, then Randy looks at Sharon."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,What was that?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"Oh, excuse me, I... [stifles a giggle] I, I had a little air trapped. [Shelly begins to giggle]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Oh my God, did you just...? At the table?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,[chuckles] Pardon me. [Shelly giggles]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"Mom, gross! [Sharon and Shelly giggle some more]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Okay, that's enough, girls! Alright? I mean, how old are you, Sharon?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"[giggles and pats her face down with a napkin] Sorry, it's just ...it's kind of funny how much it bothers you."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Oh yeah. Yeah, that's really funny!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"Stop it, Mom!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Yeah okay? Let's just try to have a nice dinner, okay?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"[giggling] Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [smiles. The family resumes eating quietly until another queef is heard. Sharon and Shelly crack up while Stan and Randy stare at them]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,Sharon! Marsh!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,Ex-cuse me.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Shelly,"Hey Mom, do you like Australia? 'Cause that was the Great Barrier Queef. [Sharon and Shelly giggle some more]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"That's it, I'm leaving! [leaves the table and heads for the front door]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,I'm going too. [follows Randy]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"Oh! Oh please, Randy! How many times have you farted in bed and held my head under the covers?!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,That's completely different!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"Yeah it's different, Mom!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"Alright, tell me exactly where the line is. Er, okay, how about this? I have a friend Abbie. She had a baby boy and it farted."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"[giggles a bit] Heh, yeah?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,But she was actually still pregnant with the baby boy and it farted inside her.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,[giggles with Stan] Yeah?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"And then the gas from the baby's fart traveled down and shot out her vagina, haHA. [Randy and Stan glare at her]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Come on Stanley, let's go. [they turn and head out the front door]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"Oh! Oh, so when does that stop being funny?!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"It stopped being funny the second that air came out her vagina, Sharon! [exits the house and slams the door shut]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The Queef Sisters' house, living room. Katie is on the sofa putting nail polish on the nails of her left foot."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,"Look Katherine, I made queef cookies!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"But those are just ginger snaps, Katie. [Katie queefs on the cookies and voila! The sisters laugh. The doorbell rings] Could you get that, Katie? [queefs on Katie as Katie walks by to get the front door. They giggle. Katherine opens the door and sees Terrance & Phillip staring at her angrily, with their arms crossed over their chests]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,"Oh my God! Look, Katherine! It's Canadian television stars Terrance & Phillip!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"[jumps to her feet] Oh my God, they're famous! [walks up besides Katie] Well hello sirs! It is such an honor to meet you! Oh Katie, I'm getting all goosebumpy and queefy. [queefs twice. The sisters laugh]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,[queefs] Wooo.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"May we come in, please?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Oh certainly, though I feel we look a mess. [Terrance & Phillip walk in and look around]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Very nice place you have here. Network must be paying you well.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,"Oho yes, the show is going aboat as well as it could. [queefs]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"All right, enough with the queefing! We didn't come for a social call!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"That's right! We've come to kill you! [Terrance pulls out a gun and aims it at them, and they gasp]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,Why kill us? We love you.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Because you've reduced Canada Channel to smut and toilet humor!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Oh. Well I suppose if we're going to die, we should die by the hands of our idols."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Your idols?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,We grew up watching you. You meant the world to us. We used to fantasize about pleasing you in all different ways. Know that it is an honor to die by your hand. [the sisters shut their eyes and wait to be shot]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"[turns around] I don't think I can do it, Phillip. [Katie opens her eyes]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,Why not? [Katherine opens her eyes]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Because I'm suddenly finding myself strangely attracted to Katherine.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"What?! That's crazy, Terrance! Katie is obviously the hot one. [they look over their shoulders at the sisters]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"Butters' bedroom, day. He's in bed with an ice pack tied down around his head."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,Ohhhhh ohhhhh. [Cartman enters leading the other boys in class. He's carrying a box]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"Hey Butters. How you holding up, man?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,Oh. Hey fellas.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"We got you a present, Butters. I'll put it here on your nightstand 'cause none of us want to touch you since you got queefed on."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,Aw thanks.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"Butters, I'm afraid things have gotten worse. All the women suddenly think that... queefing is funny."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,Ohhhhh ohhhhh!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Kyle,Calm down Butters! The men are taking action. But we need to take your picture.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Butters,"My, my picture?"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"You're going to be the face of queef abuse, Butters, so that we can make people open their eyes."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"License place BM 475. The camera pans up to reveal Terrance driving Phillip, Katherine and Katie down a country road. They pass a sign saying ""Entering CANADIAN WINE COUNTRY. Over THREE WINERIES to explore."" The four continue down the road until they reach Canadian White Wine Winery. They go in and sample the wine. Terrance finishes his glass and farts into it. The two men laugh. The foursome get back on the road. Sometime later, Katie queefs on Terrance."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,AAH! [the sisters laugh. The foursome then stops at Canadian Red Wine Winery. Inside they sample more wine and a flatulent sound is heard]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"Dammit I'm trying to enjoy my wine, Katie!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"No, that was me, Phillip. I farted."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,Oh. [Both men laugh. The foursome leave and get back on the road. Terrance is still driving. They're all drinking straight from bottles]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Oh, this is a dream come true. I've always wanted to meet you, Phillip. [Terrance brakes angrily]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Phillip?! I'm Terrance!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,What? I thought you were Terrance.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"No, I'm Phillip!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Oh dear. [they continue down the road, sipping from bottles. Phillip is now driving with Katherine up front while Terrance sits in back with Katie. Katie tosses her bottle back onto the road and starts making out with Terrance.]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The House of Representatives. Some of the boys, their parents, and South Park Elementary staff are presenting their case."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stephen,"A disgusting, violating trend is taking over our city, our state, our nation. Queefing has become an acceptable evil."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"Last week at our school, a girl queefed right into our friend's face. That is why we are here to tell you [points to the poster] it's not a joke."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,On television us children are starting to see and hear more and more graphic queefing.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"[walks into view with a mic] I would like to take this opportunity to explain why farts are funny and queefs are not. Men have always joked about farts and we in fact name our farts. We have The Squeaker [moves the mic to his ass and lets out a squeaking fart, then speaks into the mic again] And then there's The Foghorn [moves the mic to his ass and lets out two farts that sound like a foghorn, then speaks into the mic again] and the ""Don't be scared"" [moves the mic to his ass and lets out a series of farts that sort of sound like ""Don't be scared"", then speaks into the mic again] and of course there's the-"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Woman,"Excuse me. [another woman hands her a mic] Well if that really is your argument, it isn't a very sound one. Women name their queefs too."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Other Women,That's right! We do.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Woman,"For instance, we have the Sneezing Unicorn. [moves the mic to her vagina and makes it sneeze, then speaks into the mic again] and The Resuscitator [moves the mic to her vagina and makes a sound like an air pump]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,"Sick! Stop it, lady!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,Th-that's not the same! We've got the Chinese Firecracker! [moves the mic to his ass and lets out a sputtering fart that sounds like a Chinese firecracker]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Woman 2,"That's all well and good, but we can do the Road Warrior. [moves the mic to her vagina and...]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Road Warrior Queef,"Nooo! We go iiin! We kiiill! No more talk! We kiiill! Soon, my dog of war, but we have to do it my way. [switches to another voice] Losers! Losers wait!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Males,[covering their noses] AWWW!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,Jesus Christ!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The Queef Sisters' house, night. In the dark, Phillip is naked and running away from something. A vase flies at him and shatters against a wall."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"You stupid bitch, what the fuck is wrong with you?! [evades another vase, which shatters against another wall]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"I'm not your sex toy, you fucking pig! [flings a third vase at him]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,Ugh! You don't queef in bed while we're having sex!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Fuck you, you don't fucking slap me! [a light turns on. Terrance and Katie are in a bed next to them]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,Could you please keep it down? We're trying to have sex over here.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"She queefed while we were having sex, Terrance!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,SICK!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,Well what's the big deal? I've been queefing in this bed the entire time.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,What?! Gross! [punches her on the face with his left fist]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,How dare you?! [punches him back]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Get out! Get out both of you! [begins pushing Phillip towards the door] We never want to see you again! [kicks his ass. Soon, both men are out of the bedroom]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"After everything we've been through? [Katie gives them the last push, shuts the door, and sobs. Katherine joins her, they hug each other, and they queef separately]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"The terrace at the Queef Sisters home. Terrance & Phillip stand at the banister, naked and smoking cigarettes."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"[sighs] What the hell am I going to do, Phillip? She makes me so mad sometimes."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"Katherine just won't stop queefing, but I don't know if I can live without her."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,Terrence and Phillip enter the house.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Terrance,"Katie, I'm sorry. I was wrong."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Phillip,"Me too, Katherine. I don't love your queefs, but dammit, I love you."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katie,Oh Terrance. [they hug]
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Katherine,"Phillip! [they hug and move towards Katherine's bed. Each couple starts fucking immediately, with the men on top]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"Stan's house, morning. A rooster crows somewhere. Randy steps out to pick up the newspaper. He yawns and reaches down..."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"[gasps] Oh my God! [the headline reads ""QUEEFING BANNED! ROAD WARRIOR QUEEF SEALS IT!""] Ohmygod! Stan! [turns around and closes the door, then runs to the foot of the stairs] Stan, we did it! Colorado Senate moves to ban queefing!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,[coming down the stairs] No way! We did it?! [twirls around] Yeah!!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,Alright son! Yeah!!
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,[coming in from the kitchen with Shelly] What's going on?
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"[thrusts the paper in Sharon's face] HA! Read it and weep, Sharon! No more queefing!"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"[resigned] Well, ...congratulations, guys. Looks like you got us. Good job."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,Aw come on. [tries to lighten the mood] Just because you can't queef anymore...
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Sharon,"You really think women cared that much about queefing? Is that really what you think this has all been about? This has been about women having a little bit of fun for once at your expense. For just this one time we could be the immature ones to make you feel uncomfortable. But no, you just couldn't let us have that one little thing, could you? Because even though things are getting better for women, you still think of us as lesser people sometimes, and we always have to prove ourselves twice as hard. Congratulations, guys. [begins to sob] For getting your way... again. [she and Shelly turn around and head back to the kitchen]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,"Mom, we didn't mean... [he and Randy are stunned. Randy walks to the sofa and sits down.]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"[exhales] Boy oh boy. I think we might have screwed up royal, Stan. [Stan follows him to the sofa and sits next to him]"
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Stan,Yeah. We all got so caught up in how we felt that we didn't realize... women actually cared about something a lot deeper.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,"Stan, let's call the guys together. Maybe we can make this right."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"A recording booth, later. Randy appears alone and starts to sing."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,There's a time in our lives when we must listen to the oppressed.
"Eat, Pray, Queef","Randy, Stan",And realize we've been keeping women down.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Mr. Mackey,They have power and they have courage.
"Eat, Pray, Queef","Stephen, Butters",And we must all stand by the belief.
"Eat, Pray, Queef","Gerald, Kyle","That a woman is strong, and she has the right to queef."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",The Males,Fly free. Free to queef aloud; fly free. Let every queef show that you’re proud.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Randy,You face so many challenges to put an end to your grief.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",The Males,"You are woman now, and you are free to queef."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Cartman,It's time for equality. We must give them the respect they deserve.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Mr. Garrison,They're just the same as you and me. Their rights must be preserrrr-r-r-rrrved.
"Eat, Pray, Queef",The Males (Randy),"Queef free (Queef free). Every woman has the right; queef free (Queef free). Let your queefing stars shine bright.You are woman, hear you roar (queef free), queefing too loud to ignore. Queef a little each day and let your soul take flight! Ah-aaaaaaah-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, queef free."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"Scenes shown during the song: A fire department captain, a car mechanic, a firefighter, a lab technician, a baker, a flight attendant, a doctor, a paramedic, Hillary Clinton, with a queef coming out of her, a dog with five or six puppies at her teats, a pharmacist, a hotel worker, a mother, and an athlete."
"Eat, Pray, Queef",Scene Description,"A Canadian cathedral, day. Inside this magnificent church are Terrance & Phillip and their brides."
