Band in China,Producer,"All right. Well, you know what they say you gotta lower your ideals of freedom if you wanna suck on the warm teat of China."
Band in China,Scene Description,"A Chinese prison, rainy day. A group of prisoners is sent across a yard, Randy struggles to keep up. A soldier strikes a prisoner on the left cheek with the butt of a rifle. Next scene is the prisoners assembling toy robots in a dimly lit room. Next scene is the rainy yard again. Randy stands in the middle of it alone as soldiers stand far away from him. One of the soldiers approaches and gives him a card to read, then shocks him to get him to speak."
Band in China,Randy,"Aaaugh. I am a proud member of the Communist Party, The Party is more important than the individual. [next scene has the prisoners assembling dolls in a brightly lit room. Someone is moaning outside, and he goes to the window to see who it is.]"
Band in China,Prisoner 1,"不要！求求你放过我吧！不要，不要，求求你... [A prisoner is on his knees begging for his life. A soldier walks up and just shoots him, and he falls over. Randy is unnerved by this. Randy is then taken to a cell full of prisoners and thrown in. Nearby, a prisoner poops into a hole in the ground. Randy is alarmed]"
Band in China,A familiar voice,"Oh, hello there."
Band in China,Randy,"[a bit spooked] Who, who's there?"
Band in China,Winnie the Pooh,Nobody. Just a bear. [steps into the light. Piglet shows up next to him] I was wondering since you're new if you might have... some honey?
Band in China,Randy,"No, I don't have any honey. Are you prisoners here?"
Band in China,Piglet,"Some people said Pooh looked like the Chinese p-p-p-president, so we're illegal in China now."
Band in China,Randy,Jesus. What kind of madhouse is this?
Band in China,Scene Description,"Tribunal, day. Two guards flank a prisoner as he pleads his case. The judge responds and the prisoner gets down on his knees. The guards soon carry him off. The judge asks for the next case, and Randy is brought up"
Band in China,Prisoner 2,"我求你原谅我。我是个很烂的人。我再也不会取笑共产党了。[""Please forgive me, I beg you. I'm just a useless person. I won't make fun of the Communist Party anymore.""]"
Band in China,Presiding Judge,"你为你的国家和家人为耻。再补上十年！[""You have brought shame to your country and your family. Another ten years for you!""]"
Band in China,Prisoner 2,"不要！我求你不要！我不能再回去了，我不能再回去！[""No! Please don't! I can't go back, I can't go back!""]"
Band in China,Presiding Judge,"快把下一位带进来！[""Bring in the next one!""]"
Band in China,Randy,"Your Honors, I'm just a simple farmer, from a simpler time. Now, I've never been to China before, but I hate to say I'm a little disappointed in all of you. From what I've seen, you seem to treat your people like dirt. You don't believe in any individual freedoms. I mean, you got Winnie the Pooh and Piglet in jail! Now, come on, China! You know, a country ain't nothin' unless it's got decency and in-tegrity! And I think I speak for Pooh and Piglet and all of Disney when I say you could use some 'tegrity, China! [brightens up] Now, it just so happens that I own a Tegridy farm. And I think I might be able to work out a deal for all you nice folk."
Band in China,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Stan, Jimmy, Kenny, and Butters walk down the hallway."
Band in China,Stan,"This is so awesome, you guys. Our band is gonna be huge."
Band in China,Butters,"Yeah. And, we're gonna be rich."
Band in China,Kenny,(They're the same thing.)
Band in China,Jimmy,[annoyed] Yeah. Isn't this just great?
Band in China,Stan,"Hey. What's wrong, Jimmy?"
Band in China,Jimmy,"Fella, I need to tell you something. I think I'm homosexual. And also, I'm addicted to cocaine."
Band in China,Butters,"Oh, that's okay, Jimmy."
Band in China,Stan,"Yeah, we can get you a liver transplant."
Band in China,Producer,"Cut! Cut! Listen, guys, we uh just got word back from the Chinese censors. They don't want us mentioning organ transplants."
Band in China,Stan,How come?
Band in China,Producer,"Well, they've been accused of harvesting from the-look look, it doesn't matter. They, they just said ""no"" to the organ stuff. Oh, and uhh, no homosexuality either."
Band in China,Stan,No homosexuality?! We're trying to do a band biopic!
Band in China,Butters,Yeah! And what's wrong with homosexuality anyway?!
Band in China,Producer,Nothing. Unless you wanna make money in China. Now come on! Everyone back to one!
Band in China,Scene Description,"A convention, somewhere. Disney, Marvel, and Star Wars characters from Pirates of the Caribbean, Beauty and the Beast, The Avengers, Frozen, Snow White, Winnie the Pooh, Aladdin, and others stand around chatting with each other."
Band in China,Mickey Mouse,[opens the door and enters the hall] All right?! Who's the asshole?! Which one of you decided to go and start badmouthing the Chinese government?! Haha. Who here thought they had permission to say anything critical of Chinese politics?!
Band in China,Thor,"Well, it is true, sir. The Chinese seem to exploit their own people in forced labor cam-"
Band in China,Mickey,"SHUT THE FUCK UP, THOR! You're here to flex and not speak, you fucking bitch!"
Band in China,Pooh,"Please, Mr. Marsh was only standing up for me and Piglet because we were political prisoners."
Band in China,Mickey,"YOU are a fat diabetic bear, and if the Chinese don't want you, then I don't either! Now, who the fuck is Mr. Marsh?!"
Band in China,Randy,"Uhhh, that's me. Randy Marsh"
Band in China,Mickey,Who is this?! I don't know you?! Are you from Pixar?!
Band in China,Randy,"No, I'm from South Park."
Band in China,Mickey,What's South Park? Do I own that?!
Band in China,Off-Screen Assistant,"No, not yet sir."
Band in China,Mickey,"You're telling me, haha, that I'm losing Chinese customers because of some shithead that's not even from MY company?!"
Band in China,Randy,"Hey, hold on a minute! Do you really think this business should be run through intimidation and fear?! Whatever happened to old-time values?! You already have business with the Chinese. You have all the connections money can buy! But there's one thing you don't have. That's Tegridy. Now, it just so happens-"
Band in China,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, day."
Band in China,Mr. Mackey,"Boys, I understand you have a band at the school?"
Band in China,Stan,Yeah. what's wrong with that?
Band in China,Mr. Mackey,"Well, boys, it seems to me like your music is kind of... angry. M'kay? I mean, it's really loud, m'kay, and it's a little angry."
Band in China,Stan,"Yeah, because I hate living on a farm 30 miles out of town!"
Band in China,Jimmy,"Yeah, tell him, Stan!"
Band in China,Stan,"I can't stand my dad anymore, and if I want to do death metal, I can! It's a free country!"
Band in China,Producer,"Cut! Cut! Cut, cut. [flanked by two Chinese officials] Ah kids, let's not say anything about this being a free country."
Band in China,Stan,"Aw, come on!"
Band in China,Producer,"Hey! These guys were nice enough to come all the way from China to help us with our standards. We can at least listen to their notes. [One of the two men whispers into his ear.] Oh. Oka-okay. Okay. [to the boys] Actually gang, we need to rewrite the whole second act."
Band in China,Stan,But that will take forever!
Band in China,Producer,"Come on, guys! Everyone else is fine with China approving our entertainment. Even the PC Babies don't seem to mind, and PC Babies cry about everything. [approaches Stan] They just gotta rewrite the script before we continue shooting. Go back to your room and just write your story. It has to come from your heart."
Band in China,Scene Description,"The Chinese tribunal, day. Mickey is making his case. He now tries to sell the Chinese on Randy's business proposal, and just like in South Park, the proposal was rejected. Mickey and Randy sit on a bench smoking weed. Mickey is pissed off."
Band in China,Mickey,"It's like, it's like they didn't even wanna listen."
Band in China,Randy,They didn't listen at all? But I... wuh-why not?
Band in China,Mickey,It's the bear. They're still pissed off about the bear.
Band in China,Randy,But for what?
Band in China,Mickey,"'Cause some Chinese people on the Internet starting posting pictures of their President as Winnie the Pooh. It's a real thing. Look it up. [on Tegridy] Man, this is really good shit."
Band in China,Randy,"What if we took their side, then? What if we showed China that we understand how they feel to be made fun of on the Internet?"
Band in China,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. Stan is in his room working on the second act. He hears the producer's words in his mind: ""Remember: write your story. The script has to come from your heart."" He begins to write, then picks up speed and smiles. He's found his groove. A Chinese censor walks up behind him and looks over his work. The censor walks some more, then turns and scribbles over the script. Stan looks up, surprised, but starts over. The censor paces behind him and stops again to scribble the script out. Stan sighs. Annoyed, Stan shields his paper and starts writing again. When he's finished, he hands the script to the censor, who finds it funny, but he reaches a part he doesn't find funny."
Band in China,Censor,"嗯？这是什么？！你给中国人丢脸啊！[""Huh? What is this? This is a disgrace to the Chinese people!""] [The censor rips the script apart. Stan sighs again and tosses the pencil aside, pulls out his laptop, and start writing the script there. The Censor looks on, then intervenes, and rewrites the script. They go back and forth working on the script. After yet another edit, Stan rests his head on his left hand.]"
Band in China,Stan,"Now I know how all the writers in Hollywood feel. [the censor laughs, then complains.]"
Band in China,Censor,"嗯？这是什么？！[""Huh? What is this?""]"
Band in China,Scene Description,"Beihing, day. In a Chinese bazaar, Pooh and Piglet wander freely."
Band in China,Piglet,My Goodness. China sure is a big p-p-p-p-place.
Band in China,Pooh,"Yes, Piglet. It is. Too big, I think, to find what I need. [turns left into a shop] Excuse me."
Band in China,Merchant,Huh?
Band in China,Pooh,Would you happen to have... some honey?
Band in China,Merchant,"啊！我不要麻烦！我不要麻烦！走！[""Ah! Don't bother me, don't bother me! Leave!""]"
Band in China,Pooh,Oh bother. This just doesn't seem to be the place... for a bear.
Band in China,Piglet,"[looks right] Wait. Pooh. Loo-l-l-look, look. [Winnie looks. In the middle of an alley is a table with a jar of honey on it.]"
Band in China,Pooh,"Ooo, piglet! What wonderful luck! [rushes to the table and starts gobbling up the honey.] What delicious honey! Mmm. I would like to share, Piglet. Perhaps... I will share. In just a few more slurps, I can. [Randy pounces up behind him and chokes him with a cable, then takes him down to the pavement]"
Band in China,Piglet,"[looks on in horror] W-W-What are you do--Wha--No! Ohh! [Pooh continues to struggle, as blood begins to come out his neck. It takes a while, but Randy gets it done. Pooh is dead. Randy's face is covered in Pooh's blood.]"
Band in China,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The boys sit on the sidewalk curb"
Band in China,Stan,"I can't do it anymore, you guys. I can't even think with the Chinese government censoring everything I write."
Band in China,Butters,So there's not gonna be a biopic movie for us?
Band in China,Stan,"It's so wrong. You know, I mean, we live in a time when the only movies us American kids go see are ones that are approved by China."
Band in China,Jimmy,Yeah. It' like China is the new MPAA.
Band in China,Butters,Stinks to say goodbye to all that biopic money and glory.
Band in China,Stan,We just gotta face it. A death metal band is never gonna make real money anymore. The only band that would get approved by China would be all vanilla and cheesy. [gets emotional] I'm gonna have to live on that fucking farm forever. [lowers his head and sobs quietly. Butters comforts him. The ICE bus pulls up and drops off Kyle and Cartman.]
Band in China,Stan,"[looks up] Kyle! Dude, you're back! [rushed up to meet him. The other boys follow.]"
Band in China,Cartman,"Yeah, the migrant detention camp was kewl, but it kinda rubs Kyle the wrong way. [puts up his right hand and points to it with his left]"
Band in China,Kyle,Anything happen while we were gone?
Band in China,Stan,"Not really. We just almost had a biopic made for our band, but ...wait a minute... [his eyes dart around as he thinks] Wait, vanilla and cheesy! I've got it. I've got it!"
Band in China,Scene Description,"Broncs, Live Aid, 1984, at Invesco Field. This is a fabrication, as the boys weren't alive back then, or they'd be men now. Jimmy walks up to the drums and starts drumming. Butters walks in playing electric guitar and wails away. Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny walk in dressed in their Fingerbang outfits"
Band in China,Fingerbang,"Fingerbang-bang! Bang bang. Fingerbang-bang! Bangbangbang. I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright. 'Cause I'm the king of fingerbang; let's not fight I'm goin' tuh fingerbang-bang-"
Band in China,Stan,"Cut. Cut, cut! [the special effects disappear and the green screen in the gym is shown] This is all wrong."
Band in China,Producer,"No, it's good, kids! They're loving it!"
Band in China,Stan,"Yeah, but I can't sell my soul like this. I want to get away from that farm, more than anything, but it's not worth living in a world where China controls my country's art. [one of the censor's protests] I don't care how many people you have! I've got something in me that just won't let me be a part of all this."
Band in China,Butters,"Yeah! Whatever it is, I got it too!"
Band in China,The others,Yeah!
Band in China,Stan,"I wanna be proud of who we are, guys! And anybody who would betray their ideals just to make money in China isn't worth a lick of spit!"
Band in China,Scene Description,"a Chinese video, similar to the gentrification commercials of Season 19. An acoustic guitar slowly plays over live-action footage of the 2015 China Victory Day Parade as well as people smoking, prisoners marching and clashes between protesters and riot police."
Band in China,Narrator,"Us Chinese people have always liked things the old fashioned way. We like things a little simpler, a little quieter. And now, there's a new weed that goes along with China's beating heart. Because after a hard day of forced labor, or getting beaten for criticizing the government, we all could use a little time with some good ol'... It's the soul of the American West, right here in mother China. All hail the Communist Party, and all hail Tegridy weed."
Band in China,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. A tractor backs up with a load of cash and dumps it onto the entrance. then drives off. Inside, the Marshes are eating dinner. Randy is back home but covered in Pooh's blood. He takes a hit from his joint."
Band in China,Randy,"Well, gang, looks like the family business is starting to really turn the corner. I don't know about you, but I, for one, think the world is gonna be a better, and safer, place, now that China finally has Tegridy.[takes another hit]"
Band in China,Stan,"[notices his dad's appearance] Dad, why are you covered in honey and blood? [Randy just looks over his appearance] Dad? Did you kill Winnie the Pooh?"
Band in China,Randy,"Winnie the Pooh, Winnie the Pooh- Oh, yeah, I did kill Winnie the Pooh. [Stan just gets up and leaves.] Where are ya goin', Stan?"
Band in China,Stan,I'm going to go write another song about you.
Band in China,Randy,"Ooo, about me? Make sure it talks about me bringing Tegridy to China!"
Shots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, evening. A cake with ""300"" in candle form is shown. Randy is carrying the plate it's on"
Shots,Randy,"Happy 300 to us. Happy 300 to us. Happy 300, Tegridy Farms."
Shots,"Sharon, Stan, Shelley",[looking away in disgust] Ugh!
Shots,Randy,"Happy 300 thousand dollars.  Can you believe it, gang? We've broken $300,000 selling weed. [gets a cold reception] Not to be a dick, but I remember when you, Sharon, and you, Shelley, said buying a pot farm was a [air quotes] ""stupid"" idea. Now we're living the dream."
Shots,Shelley,You're living the dream. This is your dream!
Shots,Randy,"[waits a few seconds] You know, [scoffs] is it me, or are people starting to not be that stoked on Tegridy Farms? [silence] Are you guys still pissed off about the China thing? [silence] You may not like that I do business with China [picks up the knife on the table], but personally, I think you guys having a problem with China is racist. Now come on! Let's celebrate 300! [starts to slice the cake] Who wants shots?!"
Shots,Sharon,Shots?!
Shots,Scene Description,"A clinic, day. Cartman sits on the exam bed in his briefs"
Shots,Cartman,No shots! No shots!
Shots,Liane,"Eric, you have to be a big boy."
Shots,Doctor,[starts to fill up a syringe] Big boys get a toy from the toy chest.
Shots,Cartman,[voice rising as the doctor draws closer] No! No! No! No! No! [screeches]
Shots,Doctor,"[stops] Eric, it's just a little prick."
Shots,Cartman,"[laughs, and the doctor gets even closer] No! No! No! Noooooo!"
Shots,Liane,"Good boy, Eric! [Cartman panics and jumps all over the place, knocking over bottles and breaking glass everywhere before just running around evading capture]"
Shots,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. PC Principal is talking to Liane and Eric in his office."
Shots,PC Principal,"Our school now has a very strict policy when it comes to immunizations. Everyone has to follow the protocol, or it puts everyone at risk."
Shots,Liane,"I'm sorry, PC Principal. It's just that my little Eric really doesn't like shots."
Shots,PC Principal,"Well, Eric, nobody likes shots. They're just a fact of life."
Shots,Liane,"No no, you don't understand. I-I've taken him to the doctor every Friday for the past four years. They try to give him his shot, but he gets scared and runs around. and he squeals like a little pig. The doctors try to catch him, but Eric greases himself up so they can't."
Shots,PC Principal,"I'm sorry, but my hands are tied here. If Eric isn't immunized, then he cannot go to this school."
Shots,Liane,"[sobbing] Please! I've tried everything! You have to let Eric go to school! I work all day, and without school, he'll just... he'll just have nothing!"
Shots,PC Principal,What do you think's gonna be different next time you try?
Shots,Liane,"Ih- if you could offer Eric something. Uhm, sometimes when Eric behaves this way, I think of a gift or a treat of some kind."
Shots,Cartman,"Oh, that's a good idea."
Shots,PC Principal,"Like, what are you thinking?"
Shots,Liane,I don't know.
Shots,Cartman,"Like, maybe, exclusive use of the tetherball court at recess for the next two months?"
Shots,Liane,"Oh, w-would that be possible?"
Shots,PC Principal,"What I care most about is the safety of the students, so if you take your shots, then I'll agree.."
Shots,Cartman,Sweet.
Shots,Liane,"Eric, you really have to do it this time, okay? When we're at the doctor's you can't change your mind."
Shots,Cartman,[smiles] I won't change my mind.
Shots,Scene Description,"Clinic waiting room, Friday morning. It's calm at the clinic until a pig's squeal is heard, along with the sound of things crashing and glass breaking. The doctor's office door opens and Cartman runs out naked on all fours squealing like a pig down the hallway, The doctor gives chase."
Shots,Liane,"[steps out of the office with Eric's clothes, trying to stay calm] Eric, it's okay! [the doctor tackles him and holds him for a while, but Cartman breaks free and runs into the receptionist's office, startling her. Papers fly up in the air and more glass breaks.]"
Shots,Doctor,"[gives up and walks back to Liane] I'm sorry, but I have a lot of other patients to see. We'll just have to try again next week. [goes back into his office and closes the door]"
Shots,Liane,"Come on, Eric, we're going home!"
Shots,Cartman,[peeks out over the counter] We're going home? You promise?
Shots,Liane,[frustrated] Let's go! Get in the car! [Cartman hops over the counter and follows Liane]
Shots,Cartman,"Wait, can I get a toy from the toy chest?"
Shots,Liane,"[off-screen] One toy, Eric!"
Shots,Cartman,"Cool! [reaches into the chest and grabs a toy, then goes out the door. He didn't bother putting his clothes back on.]"
Shots,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. People are milling around as normal. Two motorcycle cops slowly drive by with their sirens chirping, and a float is heard approaching with marching band fanfare. The float appears - it's Randy standing at the top of the float celebrating his $300,000 achievement."
Shots,Randy,"[speaking over a loudspeaker] Yeah! 300! Tegridy Farms! Hello, South Park! Thanks for making Tegridy the most profitable farm in South park! We couldn't have done it without you, so here! [randomly tosses beads at people] Here are some beads! [""China"" by Red Rocker begins to plays] Here you go! Beads for everybody! I've got $300,000! China, China! Da da, ya ya, history It was la lal la, China! China, China! [The townspeople don't know what to do as the beads continue to fly. Randy then drops his pants and starts to swing his penis around. Two motorcycle cops follow him out, chirping their sirens, and a janitor sweeps up after them] Alright, China!"
Shots,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary cafeteria, lunchtime. The boys and Craig's gang are having lunch together."
Shots,Butters,"So then I guess the school said Eric can't come here no more, and so he's been, like, kicked out."
Shots,Kyle,Cartman can't come to this school anymore?
Shots,Butters,"Yeah, and he was actually kind of upset about it, because he said on the phone that he has to do homeschooling with this really mean teacher."
Shots,Kyle,"Oh my God. [smiles] I don't know how long this will last, but I'm gonna savor every minute."
Shots,Cartman,"[runs to the table] Hey guys! I'm back in school! I'm allowed back, and it's all good."
Shots,Stan,You got your shots?
Shots,Cartman,"No. I don't have to get my shots, ever! [pushes Kyle and Kenny to wedge himself inbetween them and sits down] And they can't do anything about it, because I'm a ""consciousness objector."""
Shots,Token,A conscientious objector?
Shots,Cartman,"Yeah I told the school, I said ""Look, you guys, I happen to have 'religious, moral, or philosophical convictions'."" And so- and I said ""I believe that 'health and disease should not be controlled by vaccination'."" Those are my beliefs! And besides, I don't want to risk immunizations making me artistic. [sniffles]"
Shots,Stan,"Dude, Cartman, don't you know that if you don't get immunized, you actually put people at risk who-"
Shots,Cartman,"[turns to Kenny] One second, one second. [gets ready to sneeze on Kenny] Sorry. One second, gotta sneeze. [nothing comes] Oh, never mind, never mind. [turns back to the others] I'm sorry. What were you saying?"
Shots,Stan,"I'm saying that we all had to get shots, and actually, if just one person doesn't- [Cartman sneezes and gets mucus all over his hands.]"
Shots,Cartman,"Oh! Snot web. I'll be right back, you guys. [leaves the table and walks around] Can somebody get me a paper towel? I got a snot web here. [leaves the cafeteria] Consciousness objector coming through!"
Shots,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, night. There's a parent-teacher meeting at the school gym. The parents are all discussing the situation"
Shots,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. [the crowd quiets down] I understand your frustration, but a government organization like a school cannot impose its will on a conscientious objector.."
Shots,Stephen,"It's not safe for our kids to be in this school! You do understand that up to 5% of kids with vaccines can still be at risk! Everyone has to do it, or it doesn't matter!"
Shots,Thomas,Yeah. I don't quite see how it's fair that all the rest of our community agrees to this. Why does one family get to have a problem with it?
Shots,Liane,"I'm sorry. It's just my strong, personal belief that [gets out a sheet of paper and reads] ""among other things, vaccines contain harmful ingredients formaldehyde, aluminum, and even mercury."""
Shots,Stephen,"Aw, come on, Mrs. Cartman! All major medical organizations state that vaccines are safe! The CDC, the FDA, UNICEF, and the US Department of Health!"
Shots,Liane,"Yes, yes, I know, but... [reads from her sheet] ""We can't even risk a 0.1% chance of vaccinations making our children artistic."""
Shots,Jimbo,"Well, that's true. There are enough artists in the world."
Shots,Sheila,"Look, I don't know what kind of mother wouldn't vaccinate their child, but it's putting everyone in danger, and that's why-"
Shots,Liane,[her frustration come through and she moves towards Sheila] Then you try to catch him! [stabs her index finger towards Sheila] You try it! Don't you people criticize me until you've taken Eric to the doctor and you've tried to hold him down! I'm a good mother! Don't you dare question if I care about my child!
Shots,Stuart,"Oh, shit."
Shots,Stephen,"Of, of course you care. Nobody likes seeing their child in pain. Maybe... maybe you should just let us take care of getting Eric his shots."
Shots,Liane,[shaking with frustration] You don't understand how hard it is!
Shots,Stephen,"We'll find a way to make it completely painless for him, okay?"
Shots,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's sound asleep in his bed. Liane looks in on him, then moves on to her own room, where she turns the light on and off a few times. Downstairs, the living room door opens and Stephen enters quietly, followed by Linda, then by Gerald and Sheila. They all sneak across the living room to the stairs, then stop"
Shots,Stephen,"Alright, alright. Bring him in. [Richard and Mrs. Tweek enter with the doctor] The little boy's room is upstairs."
Shots,Liane,"[coming down the stairs] Oh, I don't know if I can go through with this. My little Eric is going to be so mad at me!"
Shots,Stephen,"Look, by the time he knows what's happened it'll already be over."
Shots,Liane,Did you bring his boo-boo present?
Shots,Stephen,"Yes, yes. Come on, Thomas and Laura! [the Tuckers bring in a Hot Wheels racing game, with Linda Williams bringing in a sign saying ""You Did It, ERIC""] Okay, see? We got the present, everything's gonna be fine. [leads the group upstairs and into Cartman's room. He makes room for the doctor, who puts his medicine kit on the bed, prepares a vaccine, and draws it close to Cartman]"
Shots,Cartman,"[sensing someone nearby, wakes up] Hey, what's going on? [instictively, he bolts from bed runs around in a panic] No, no. Nooooo! [jumps off the bed]"
Shots,Doctor 2,It'll just be for a second!
Shots,Stephen,"[tries to catch him] Oh, Jesus! [the others crowd in, but can't catch him]"
Shots,Liane,"Eric, there's a big treat for you if you stay still!"
Shots,Linda Stotch,"Catch him! [Cartman leaves his room and runs down the stairs, taking his clothes off on the way down]"
Shots,Stephen,"Thomas! Linda! Yo-you gotta get him! [Cartman sees them and turns tail, running into the kitchen. He gets a jar of lard and scoops out lard to spread on himself. The doctor finds him and gives chase again. Cartman runs back into the living room, runs around, and Thomas tackles him for a moment. Cartman breaks free and runs out the front door. The others follow him out]"
Shots,Liane,Eric! Oh! [goes to look for him]
Shots,Gerald,"Well, what do we do now?"
Shots,Stephen,I think the only way we're goin' to get Eric immunized is by bringing in an expert.
Shots,Scene Description,"An awards shelf, day. Western music plays as all the awards given to Mesquite Murph are shown. The phone rings"
Shots,Murph,"[shown] This is Big Mesquite Murph. How can I help you? You say you got yourself a conscientious objector? Well, you just sit tight. There aren't never no hog that Big Mesquite Murph couldn't catch."
Shots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy has a new commercial for Tegridy Weed"
Shots,Randy,"[jumps into the scene] How many thousand dollars has Tegridy Farms made selling weed? $300,000! [the numbers cover the screen and blink] It's a 300-palooza! [makes snow angels on a pile of $1 bills] Come on down and see what we've got! [drives his tractor]"
Shots,Deep voices,WHAT WE'VE GOT.
Shots,Randy,"We've got $300,000, just selling [echo comes up] all this weed! [aerial shot of the weed lot. Next, he holds a joint] And this month we're celebrating all our new customers in China! [dances in the barn to reggae music with a Chinese flag and various Chinese take-out foods behind him] We're celebrating with new T-shirts! [they say] ""Tegridy Farms made $300,000 and all I got was high."" Get yours for just ten bucks! '[the shirt is shown with ""$10"" blinking and throbbing over it] We couldn't have done it without you! Remember, that's $300,000! [Randy has his feet up on a table in the barn. Randy turns the TV off with the remote control] Well? What'd you think, guys?"
Shots,Sharon,How much did you spend making that commercial?
Shots,Randy,"Who cares, Sharon? Business is up."
Shots,Sharon,"Nobody cares about your stupid $300,000! We've become the kind of business that we moved out here to get away from! You know why the Chinese buy our weed?! It's to plant on their student protesters so they can put them in jail!"
Shots,Randy,Yeah. We make money either way.
Shots,Sharon,"You don't care how anyone else feels! We bought this farm together, Randy! Or did you forget that?! [leaves]"
Shots,Shelley,I hate marijuana! [follows her mom out]
Shots,Randy,[gasps] Shelley!
Shots,Stan,I hate marijuana too! [follows them out]
Shots,Randy,[gasps] Stan!
Shots,Scene Description,The Cartman residence. Liane comes in through the back door from shopping and finds Cartman sitting at the breakfast table seething quietly
Shots,Liane,"Oh, Eric. I... wasn't sure if you'd be up yet. [drops the groceries on the kitchen counter, giggles, and walks over to Cartman] Eric, you know I only want what's best for my snookums."
Shots,Cartman,You read me a bedtime story. You tucked me in. And then you let half the town into my room to try and give me a shot against my will.
Shots,Liane,"It was supposed to make it easier on you, a-and they didn't catch you anyway."
Shots,Cartman,"[points at her] This is goodbye, Mom! I can't live with you anymore! [sulks into the living room. Liane follows]"
Shots,Liane,"Eric, please! You don't know how hard it is to be a parent! Sometimes we don't know the right thing to do!"
Shots,Cartman,"So you go along with society and and try to force immunizations on me, even knowing the health risks! What if immunizations made my friend Timmy the way he is?! What if they made Jimmy the way he is?! What if they made Token the way he is?"
Shots,Liane,"Eric, when I was at the store, I bought you some Little Debbie creme pies and-"
Shots,Cartman,"That isn't gonna work this time, Mom! I don't want to be around you anymore! [marches over to the front door and opens it] So I don't know where you're gonna stay, but you'll just have to figure it out! I've already packed your things. [a suitcase and duffle bag await her]"
Shots,Liane,"Sweetie, you can't live on your own."
Shots,Cartman,"You should have thought of that before you made this house a nightmare for me. Goodbye, Mother! [looks out into the street, then points the way out to her. She grabs the suitcase and duffle bag and walks out the door. He turns to walk back to the kitchen, but is confronted with Mig Mesquite Murph.]"
Shots,Murph,"[puts on his grappling gloves] Alright, young'un. We can do this the easy way, or we can do it hard. [prepares the injection, and Cartman knows what's coming. He begins to run around]"
Shots,Cartman,"Weeaak! No, no! [runs around]"
Shots,Murph,"Yeeee-haaww! [tries to lasso him, but knocks down the lamp instead] Suuuweee! [tries again, but Cartman slips away and runs upstairs.]"
Shots,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, afternoon. Murph gets a shot of whiskey from Skeeter - his fourth one. He downs it in one gulp. Stephen approaches him with the others who went to Cartman's room"
Shots,Stephen,"Well, what happened?"
Shots,Murph,I ain't never seen no hog like that. It's like it could in two places at once.
Shots,Stephen,You said you could catch him!
Shots,Murph,"Well I did catch him! Got him locked up in a pen! It's just every time I bring out that needle, he becomes like a hog tornado! But I'll get 'im!"
Shots,Richard,Yeah. Or maybe you just believe a little bit that vaccinations shouldn't be mandated for school attendance due to possible still-unknown side effects.
Shots,Murph,"[narrows his eyes] Don't you question me. If anyone believes the most common side effect of vaccines, anaprophylaxis, occurs in only 1 per several hundred thousand to one per million vaccinations, it's Big Mesquite Murph! Now this hog you got here, he's contained, but now I need help getting him his shots. The only way we're gonna get him, is we gotta build a big enclosed pen, about a hundred feet in diameter. I'm also gonna need the best wranglers flown in from Wichita. And I'm gonna need some loud music, and some barbecue."
Shots,Stephen,Barbecue?
Shots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, a cloudy day. A purple minivan is parked at the entrance. Liane rings the doorbell, and Randy answers"
Shots,Randy,Mrs. Cartman?
Shots,Liane,"Hello, Randy. I'm... sorry to trouble you, but... I don't know where to turn. I was hoping maybe... I could buy some gumdrops."
Shots,Randy,Whoa whoa! What's goin' on?
Shots,Liane,"My son.. hates me. The whole town... hates me. Nobody thinks I'm a good mom, [gets emotional] and I don't know if I am anymore!"
Shots,Randy,"Okay, okay. Come on. Let's get you inside and get you some weed. [shows her in and takes her to the backyard, where there is another wooden swing. They sit in it]"
Shots,Liane,"It all happened gradually, you know? [smokes a joint] I don't know why everyone's against me. Even my own son. [hands the joint to Randy]"
Shots,Randy,"Believe me, I know how that feels. [smokes the joint] You try to do what's best for your family and all you do is get shit on. [hands the joint to Liane]"
Shots,Liane,"I know immunizations are probably for the best, [smokes the joint] but then you read some of this stuff on the Internet [hands the joint to Randy] and, I don't know, it's scary."
Shots,Randy,"That's just it. [smokes the joint] When it comes to families, we have to do what we think is best."
Shots,Liane,It doesn't matter. They're having an all-county mandated immunization roundup tonight. Any child not immunized is about to be.
Shots,Randy,All-county immunization roundup? What's that?
Shots,Scene Description,"The immunization roundup, night."
Shots,Announcer,"Good evenin' everybody, and welcome to the CDC Child Immunization Challenge. This here special event is sponsored by Voices for Vaccines and also by Chevy. So with all that out the way, let's get to some action! [the crowd cheers. The gate opens and a blond boy steps forth and looks around.] First up, we have Danny Ray Johnson out of Bailey, Colorado. He has not been immunized since kindergarten. He says he just don't like needles. [a doctor comes out of the adjacent gate the vaccine ready]"
Shots,Danny,No! Nooo- [shrieks and runs away. The doctor gives chase]
Shots,Announcer,And there they go! [they run around the barrels and the crowd cheers them on]
Shots,Danny,"No! Nooo- [shrieks and runs away when he sees Murph jump off the gate and join the chase. Two rodeo clowns join the chase soon after, but none of them can catch him. Cartman gets restless behind his gate. A wrangler takes Danny down]"
Shots,Cartman,"Ah, AAAH! [the wrangler hog-ties Danny and sets him down for the doctor to deliver the vaccine in the butt through the pants, then takes his hat and waves it around to applause.]"
Shots,Announcer,"He stuck him in the left buttocks; that is an 8.7 score right there. [more cheering. Cartman gets more restless] Alright, let's hear it for little Danny Ray, folks. [a clown unties him and he walks off smarting from the shot] He's a little worse for wear, but now he can pick himself up a nice little toy from the toy chest. [Danny does just that. Cartman is really worked up now]"
Shots,Cartman,[snorts] I've gotta get out of here!
Shots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, a clear, starry night. The clouds have cleared and Liane and Randy are still talking, sitting on bales of hay. Randy's the one bawling now."
Shots,Randy,"It's just... it's like, can't people see us trying to do what's best for my family? I'm trying to provide for them by running a business. I'm sorry if I make mistakes."
Shots,Liane,"I know, Randy. Other parents expect me to deal with Eric-"
Shots,Randy,"And I get it from both sides, because my family's pissed off at me too."
Shots,Liane,...I understand.
Shots,Randy,"No, you don't!"
Shots,Liane,"Yes, I do."
Shots,Randy,"[garbled] No, you don't! Nobody understands."
Shots,Liane,"Randy, we both tried to do the best for our family. [gets up and walks away] And sometimes, when we're afraid of being judged, we can push our family away."
Shots,Randy,"Yeah, like, everybody's doing business with China. It's like ""get over it."""
Shots,Liane,You should just feel lucky that you have a partner in doing what's right for your family.
Shots,Randy,I am. I'm afraid I haven't been very kind to that partner lately. I think maybe it's time for an apology.
Shots,Liane,"Thanks for the talk, Randy. And for the weed. [turns and goes to the barn entrance.]"
Shots,Randy,Where are you going?
Shots,Liane,[turns to look at him] I'm going to do the only thing I know how to do: be a mom. [turns around and heads out]
Shots,Scene Description,"The CDC Child Immunization Challenge, later. This time, a girl has been lassoed and shot"
Shots,Announcer,"All right, and that is Dr. Chet Mowlins that just gave that girl her DTaP booster [the wrangler unties the girl and she goes for her toy] and her HPV vaccination. That is for genital warts. Way to go, Chet. Hey, folks, let's hear it for all these wranglers tonight. They're working extra-hard to bring immunity to your community. [cheers go up] Alright, folks, we are now ready for the main event. This young man has never had a single immunization. [Cartman is in the pen still trying to break free] He says he's an orthodox Jew and a conscientious objector. [Cartman stops and takes his clothes off] Everyone put your hands together now for little Eric ""The South Park Piggy"" Cartman. [the gate flies open, and a nude Cartman backs into a corner. Murph shows up.]"
Shots,Murph,[jumps into the pen from the top of it] Suuuuwieee! [Cartman runs into the ring. The wranglers begin their chase]
Shots,Announcer,"There he goes, folks. Dear Lord, he's a slippery one."
Shots,Scene Description,"A lookout point over town, night. Randy drives up with Towelie and parks"
Shots,Randy,Do you remember we used to come here and look over the town lights together?
Shots,Towelie,"...Yeah, so what?! Then you turned into an asshole!"
Shots,Randy,"I brought you here to apologize, Towelie. I let the money go to my head. I... I got greedy and I started acting like a towel. I need you back. I need Tegridy back, the way it used to be."
Shots,Towelie,No more harassin' homegrowers?
Shots,Randy,No more harassing homegrowers.
Shots,Towelie,No more dealin' with those Med Men assholes?
Shots,Randy,No more Med Men.
Shots,Towelie,No more kissin' China's ass?
Shots,Randy,China's actually a free and loving country that-
Shots,Towelie,I'm out. [gets out of the car and leaves]
Shots,Randy,"[gets out of the car and chases after him] Wait, wait, Towelie, come on! I need you!"
Shots,Towelie,[stops and turns around] I'm never workin' for a company that's regulated by a communist government!
Shots,Randy,"Okay, okay. No more selling to the Chinese."
Shots,Towelie,"Then say it! Say ""Fuck the Chinese government!"""
Shots,Randy,[softly] Fuck the Chinese government.
Shots,Towelie,I didn't hear you!
Shots,Randy,Fuck the Chinese government! There!
Shots,Towelie,...Well... you just got your partner back. [they run into each other's arms and hug]
Shots,Randy,Hahaha! This is it. This is the moment that Tegridy Farms got back on track.
Shots,Scene Description,"The CDC Child Immunization Challenge, later. Cartman is still evading capture"
Shots,Announcer,"Dear Lord, we are going on 16 minutes here and ain't nobody caught this young'un. This might very well be a world record you're seeing here, folks."
Shots,Liane,[rushing through the crowd] Get out of my way! Move it!
Shots,Stephen,"Whoa whoa, Mrs. Cartman. Everything is fine here. [she punches him out of the way and climbs a barrier]"
Shots,Sheila,"[grabs onto Liane's ankle] It's okay, Liane. They know what they're doing. [Liane kicks her away. Liane then tackles the rodeo clown and punches him]"
Shots,Announcer,"Oh, looks like we got a concerned parent in there trying to take issue with their child's well-being. [Liane goes after the lead wrangler and punches him out, then punches out the wrangler behind him]"
Shots,Cartman,Mom! [Murph has wrangled him and is hog-tying him]
Shots,Liane,"Leave my son a [slow motion takes over here] lone! [she jumps to shield Cartman, a doctor jumps to vaccinate him. She reaches Cartman first, causing the vaccine to enter her butt instead] AHHHH!"
Shots,Crowd,OHHHH! [the arena is quiet. Liane removed the rope from Cartman and he hugs her. They walk off together]
Shots,Liane,"[stops to address the crowd] I know I'm not the greatest mom in the world. I do the best I can. Whatever happens now is going to be done my way. Come on, Eric. [remove the syringe from her butt and throws it away, then they move on]"
Shots,Cartman,"[stops] Wait, Mom? [points to the toy chest]"
Shots,Liane,"[turns around, now furious] No, Eric! No shots, no toy!"
Shots,Cartman,What?? [she takes him by the hand and pulls him away]
Shots,Scene Description,"Family Medical Clinic, day. Cartman and Liane are there again, but this time, Cartman is in the lobby. His doctor comes out of the office and walks up to him"
Shots,Cartman,"Okay, doctor. I'm ready for my shot."
Shots,Doctor,"Eric, I've been speaking with your mother. I'm afraid there's some bad news."
Shots,Cartman,Bad news? What are you talking about? Mom?
Shots,Doctor,Your mother received a heavy dose of vaccine that wasn't meant for an adult. I'm afraid there have been... side effects.
Shots,Cartman,"[panics] What side effects? MOM? [runs to the office] MOM! [opens the door] Mom, are you here, Mo- [gasps loudly as his jaw drops. Liane is painting a still life]"
Shots,Liane,[softly] Eric...
Shots,Cartman,Noooooooo... Noooooooo...
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The Marshes sit at table and Randy comes in with laptop and coffee"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Good morning, everyone. 'morning. So, listen guys. We are not in good shape. The whole ""doing business in China"" thing has sort of bitten us in the ass, [the projector screen comes on.] and now we aren't selling enough weed to keep up with our costs. [turns to look at a growth chart projected on a portable screen behind him.] You see this? This right here? That's us plateauing. We no longer get any of that sweet Chinese money, and now, all the money we do make doesn't even cover our expenses. [the same chart is on the laptop he was looking at earlier] So, [turns back to the table] how do we sell more weed? Stan."
Let Them Eat Goo,Stan,"[after several seconds] I don't know... Do like a sale. Like, a Fall sale?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Not good enough! Shelly?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Shelly,I hate marijuana.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Nice attitude! How do we sell more weed? Sharon?
Let Them Eat Goo,Sharon,"If you don't make commercials or do more parades for the town, we'd have more money."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Right. Cut out all our marketing. That's Sharon's great idea, everyone. Towelie?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"You know what the problem is? It's the schwag. All those stands and seeds, they just go to waste, man."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Go on.
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"It's like, we sell all the good parts of the weed, but we throw away, like, tons and tons of all the leftover shit. You can sell that crap as mulch to a hardware company."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Mulch. [looks at the graph] Use our discarded product to recover costs. [to the table] Everyone, great job. You just got powned by a towel."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime. The students stand in line to get their lunches in the kitchen."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,'[singing]' It's Sloppy Joe day!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman and Butters,'[singing]' It's Sloppy Joe day!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,I seriously think that Sloppy Joe day is my favorite day at school.
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Yeah, it's the best."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman and Butters,'[singing]' Sloppy Joe day! It's Sloppy Joe day!
Let Them Eat Goo,A new Cook,"Come on, keep the line moving, kids! [in view are Butters, Cartman , and Scott. Cartman notices that what he sees on his plate doesn't look like sloppy Joe.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,What is this?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cook,"That's today's lunch. It's ""feesh."""
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Feesh?
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"But, but this is Sloppy Joe day."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cook,"Yeah? Well, the menu's been changed. We had kids complainin' our food wasn't healthy or sustainable enough, so don't you start bitchin' about it now."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,What kids were complaining about health and sustainability?! What kids would care at all that- [gasps] the girls!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,The girls?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,The fucking girls! [the three boys walk over to the girls' table] Excuse me?! Can someone explain to us why this [holds forth his lunch] is on our lunch trays?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Yeah, it's supposed to be sloppy Joe day!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,We asked for healthier options and to sometimes have food for those of us who don't eat red meat.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Oh my God. I'm about to lose my mind. [gets excited] You think you can just mess with a man's lunch?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"It's okay, Eric. I-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,You think that your ideas about health and nutrition should be somehow interfering with mine?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Eric, Eric!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,You dictate what foods I can eat?! [convulses] Urgh [the tray falls to the floor. He stiffens up and tries to reach for anything]
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Eric, Eric?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"I can't, I can't. Butters, I can't. [falls back, smacking Butters' tray on the way down. Butters' meal lands on him]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front lawn. An ambulance waits as Cartman is being loaded up into it. The rest of the school stands around looking at this incident. Two paramedics treat him. The brunette, Smith, puts some defibrillators on and gets ready to deliver a jolt"
Let Them Eat Goo,Paramedic 1,"Clear! [the brunette delivers the jolt, then they both look at the EKG]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Smith,We got him back!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Agh. Fuck you, Wendy."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"As Cartman is being taken to Hell's Pass Hospital, Randy drives into town with a huge load of Tegridy weed; he and Towelie share a joint. Cypress Hill plays during this segment."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,How much do you think we'll get for our mulch?
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"Even if we only get 10 cents a pound, we have like a million pounds of it."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,This is gonna save our business. I'm really hungry all of a sudden. You want some Burger King?
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"Yeah, I'll take some onion rings. [Randy pulls into a parking spot and goes inside.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, inside. Randy steps forward to place his order"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,Welcome to Burger King. Can I take your order?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Uh, hi, can I get, um, large onion rings... the big Coke Zero and, um... What's an Impossible Burger?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"It's a plant-based burger, sir."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Plant-based? You mean, it's not like a cow?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"No, sir. It's completely vegan, but it's engineered to replicate the taste and texture of beef."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Hoh. Okay, I'll try it. [hands his debit card over. The clerk turns the card through the reader and hand it back. He also hands Randy the receipt and the burger. Randy takes a bite of the burger and savors it] Hey. This tastes like shit. You guys make money off of this?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"They're very popular, sir. A lot of people care about the environment and sustainability."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Aw that, that's amazing. I mean, this seriously tastes like dog shit, and you get people to buy it? [gets an idea] Wait a minute... Plant-based... Plant... based... Plant-based. Oh my God."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallways. Cartman is in a wheelchair; Butters drives him around"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Comin' through! Make way! [the stop by Token, Jimmy, and Craig]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Hey guys. How's it goin'?
Let Them Eat Goo,Craig,You're out of the hospital?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Yes. The girls tried to kill me, but they did not succeed. However, we cannot let the girls' protest ruin our lunch ever again!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,"Oh, give me a break! [arrives from her locker] It's not just girls who wanna change the menu, it's boys too!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,Yeah. I want vegan food.
Let Them Eat Goo,Millie,A lot of students are protesting!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Well, their protesting is ruining my lunch!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,We have a right to free speech.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Yes, we do all have freedom of speech! But at times, there are ramifications for the negative that can happen when you're not thinking about others and you're ONLY THINKING ABOUT YOURSELF!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"[arriving] Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what's goin' on, kids?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"The protesters are tryin' to kill Eric again, Mr. Mackey."
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, kids, we don't want another incident here, okay?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"They're trying to take people's lunch! They don't realize it harms people financially, physically, emotionally, and spiritually. [begins to choke]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, it's okay. We aren't going to change the school menu, okay? Everything's fine."
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,That's not fair!
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,Doesn't it matter we're being silenced?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Agagagh, my lunch!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Girls, I'm sorry, but the health of our students has to come first."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Gerald shows up at the front door and knocks. Randy answers the door"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Gerald, thanks for coming! You're not gonna believe this!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,Believe what? Your text said that-
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Come on come on come on. [pulls him in. Next scene is in the kitchen. They go to the table, on which sit two burgers] I think I've perfected it, Gerald. I made a sustainable, healthy alternative to meat. I want you to try it. [hands a burger to Gerald]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,It's a hamburger?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"It's a Tegridy burger. Go ahead, try it. [Gerald takes a bite and chews it for a few seconds] Well?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,This tastes like shit.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Yeah. It's plant-based. But keep eating it, though."
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,[through the chewing] I just- I just don't think it's very good.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Wait for it. Wait for it...
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,"[gets a small epiphany] Oh. [starts to giggle, then Randy joins in]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Yeah ha ha?
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,"Yeah, it's good."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Yeah, right?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,"[takes another bite and chews on it] Whoa. It's really fucking good, man! This is like the best burger I've ever had!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"And you can eat a lot of them and not feel bloated. Towelie's had like 12. [points to Towelie, who's reclining against a cabinet eating a Tegridy burger.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,Best burgers I ever had.
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunch. Cartman is back a table with the other boys, and they're all eating barbecue ribs with corn on the cob and cole slaw. Cartman is still in his hospital gown, which means his back side is exposed. He's also wearing the hospital bracelet"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,[savoring them ribs] Ohm... oh my God. School cafeteria ribs. After all that yogurt and crap they gave me at the hospital? OHM.
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,I looove barbecue rib day.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Yeah. I think maybe I like rib day even more than sloppy Joe day. It's a difficult choice.
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,"Everyone? Everyone, can I have your attention, please? [the students all stop eating and look at her] Look, guys. We're supposed to be the young generation, right? We're the ones upset about the world our parents left us."
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,"Yeah, but eating this kind of food makes us all just as guilty."
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,The millions and millions of cows and pigs and chickens that we harvest every year [Cartman begins to tremble in anger] are a huge reason for climate change.
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,"It is up to us, as students, to protest for change."
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,Young voices matter!
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,"Without sustainable and ethical food choices now, we're proving to be no d-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"[leaves the table] AAAH! GAAAH! [in the middle of the cafeteria, to Wendy] CAN I PLEASE JUST ENJOY MY LUNCH FOR FIVE GODDAMNED MINUTES?!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"You gotta calm down, Eric. Remember your condition, Eric."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"We all have freedom of speech, but stop talking about climate change DURING LUNCH TIME!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Okay. that's it, Eric."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Some of us can just enjoy some simple goddamned barbecue ribs! And I- Daah! [stiffens up as anger overtakes him] Oh God, they did it again to me, Butters."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,Eric!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,I think this is the Big One! Don't let me die.
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,Somebody help!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Don't let me die. Don't let me die, Butters. [drops on his back.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front lawn. An ambulance waits as Cartman is being loaded up into it. The rest of the school stands around looking at this incident. Two paramedics treat him. The brunette, Smith, puts some defibrillators on and gets ready to deliver a jolt"
Let Them Eat Goo,Paramedic 1,"Clear! [the brunette delivers the jolt, then they both look at the EKG]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Smith,We got him back!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Agh. Fuck you, Wendy."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, day, inside. A mother and son are at the counter"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"So that's one Whopper, one order of chicken strings, and a medium beverage. Is there any-? [stops when he hears someone outside]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,[outside] Burgers! Get your burgers here!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"Uh okay, that'll be fift-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Plant-based burgers for sale!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,Excuse me one moment. [leaves the counter]
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, day, outside. Randy has his burger stand up, selling $5 burgers that are all natural, plant based, and locally made"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Get your hamburgers here! [a crowd begins to form] Plant-based burgers for sale!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"[now outside] Hey, what are you doing?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"I'm sellin' hamburgers. All-natural, completely plant-based. [a customer pays up and gets his burger] Thank you, sir."
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,You can't sell hamburgers here! This is a Burger King!
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,You sell hamburgers here.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Yeah, you sell hamburgers here."
Let Them Eat Goo,Customer,This is seriously as good or better than a real hamburger. Can I get a couple more to take to work?
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"Hey! Now look, buddy! I'm not gonna lose customers because of YOU! [walks onto the parking lot] We have plant-based burgers inside as well! Come try our Impossible Burger."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Tegridy Burger. Made locally right here in South Park. Tegridy Burger.
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,STOP that!
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. PC Principal holds a student assembly"
Let Them Eat Goo,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up! As you know, there are several students protesting the school menu. But there are other students who are voicing their concerns against changes. Eric Cartman is still recovering in the hospital, we all wish him well. [clears his throat] Now, the school has been looking into several options to deal with the problem, and I do believe we have found a compromise. We have found a new company in the plant-based fast-food industry who would like to be the supplier for our cafeteria. And so please welcome the founder of Incredible Meat. [steps aside and claps for the founder, who steps in]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Incredible Meat founder,"Hello, children. I want to thank you and I want to thank your fine principal for hearing me out. I take plants, and I process them into goo. I'm a goo man. I have factories all over the country. I have trucks right now loaded with goo that can be here within the week. The goo I speak of can be made into anything. It can be made into tacos. It can be made into hot dogs. And I promise you that none of you students will know the difference. I would very much like to be the plant-based meat vendor for your school. I would like to be the plant-based meat vendor for your town. I'm a simple family man and a vegetarian. I would like the opportunity to make you all vegetarians as well, and I thank you."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. Randy stands at the podium reading from index cards"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Eating meat doesn't just hurt animals. It hurts people. It takes 13 pounds of grain to produce just one pound of animal meat. All that plant food could be used much more efficiently if-m, if people just ate it directly. Meat is also not environmentally friendly. Meat production is wasteful and causes enormous amounts of pollution. And the meat industry is one of the biggest... [after a few seconds, the camera finds him drifting away from the podium, Tegridy Burger in one hand, index cards in the other] ...Huh? Oh, I was just saying... [turns and walks back to the podium] that adopting a vegan diet is way more effective than switching to a greener car in the fight against climate change. For your health, for our planet, for the animals and for each other, we have to switch to plant-based foods. Now, it just so happens-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, day. The clerk is all alone now, having lost all his business to... He hears music outside and walks towards it"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,You gotta be kidding me!
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,...Tegridy Burger. Randy's hamburger stand is now a full-fledged fast-food restaurant
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,[through the PA system] It's our Grand Opening! Come and visit your town's only plant-based burger joint!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,It's not the town's only plant-based burger joint! [goes back to Burger King. Tegridy Burger is humming with activity]
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Celebrate our Grand Opening! Tegridy Burger! Cheeba cheeba. Cheeba cheeba.
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. Token is at the entrance on the lookout"
Let Them Eat Goo,Token,"Here he comes. [two seconds later, Cartman enters the cafeteria using a walker. He's in his hospital gown. He sees all the other students staring at him. He turns right and goes to the kitchen]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,[walks past Mr. Mackey] Mr. Mackey.
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"[nervously] Wuhuhuhu... hello, Eric."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"[stands in line behind Butters] What's goin' on, Butters? It's taco Tuesday. [the line moves forward]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"[weakly] It's taco Tuesday... [turns and walks forward. He gets his lunch, looks back at Eric, and heads for the boys table]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,These tacos look different. What kind are they?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cook,They're... Incredible Beef... tacos.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Oh, Incredible Beef tacos. That sounds nice. [takes his tray and heads back to the cafeteria, where he again sees the students stare at him. He joins the other boys at the table. He looks around and the other students turn back to their meals. Nobody is talking. Cartman bites a taco and his friends look on. After 25 seconds...] Did you guys see that new Joker movie?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Whoa, uh, thank God it worked."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"City Wok, day. The goo man stands outside the restaurant and looks it over, then goes inside."
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,Welcome City Wok. I take a order prease.
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,Are you the owner of this restaurant?
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,Yes. I take a order prease.
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,"I'd like to do business with you. Your establishment here is perfect for my plant-based meats. You see, I am a goo man. If you carry my product, Incredible Meats, we can put the word Incredible before all of your dishes."
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,You mean instead of City Chicken I could have Incredibre City Chicken?
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,That is correct.
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,You mean instead of City Mongorian Beef I could have Inrcedibry City Mongorian Beef?
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,That's right.
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"You're saying now I could have scallops with Incredibry City XO sauce?! Okay, sign me up!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,"That is most excellent. [gets out a pad and pen] Now, how many customers, on avarage, do you have per day?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Including my wife? Uh, 0 to 1 per day."
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,[stunned] That's it?
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Yeah, I got no customers now that Tegridy Burger opened up. Everyone want plant-based food now. That why I'm ready you sign me up."
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,What is Tegridy Burger?
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Yeah, here you look. Down the brock. [they walk to a window and look out] Most popular prace in town. [they look at the place for a few seconds]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,Is that so?! [makes his way to the entrance and leaves]
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Hey! [follows him out] Hey, what about my incredibry City chicken?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. A farmer knocks on Randy's door. Randy answers it"
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,What'r you doin' you sonofabitch?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Excuse me?
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,I'm the biggest cattle rancher in South Park. I made ma livin' 62-odd years before you fancy plant growers done showed up and put me out of a job!
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Well I'm sorry, Mr. Cow Killer, but this is called ""evolution."""
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,"I got 300 cows that the world suddenly decided they got no use fer! What am I supposed to do with them?! Put them in a zoo?! What they gonna do now? Go start some cow circus?! Go make some cow TV show?! You are single-handedly making cows extinct! You got a plan for 'em all? Fine! [turns to whistles to his cattle] Come on! [cows emerge from the field and gather outside the front door.] Come on! Yeah, come on! Mr. Plant-based Burgers here is gonna take care of you now! [makes his way through the herd in order to leave] Yeah, don't worry. He cares about the environment, so he could figure out what to do with you."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Uh ho, hehey, fuck you!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,"No, fuck you, sumbitch! They're your problem now!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Sssssouth Park Elementary, 4th Grade. The students are in their seats, but Mrs. Nelson is seated, hunched over a Tegridy Burger, unable to take another bite but making an effort to."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,...Teacher? [she lifts up a finger and mumbles a bit. The lunch bell rings]
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Lunchtime! [nothing was taught this morning]
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunch. The students stream in as Mr. Mackey keeps watch"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Walk, don't run, m'kay?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Hey Butters! [Butters stops, a bit unnerved] Wait up, dude. You know what today is, right? It's Salisbury Steak day! Salisbury Steak day!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Both,It's Salis-
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,[flatly] -bury Steak day! [looks dejected]
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Butters, is something going on? Your lunch dances aren't the same."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Eric, I. I just hate lying to you. I mean, you've been in the hospital. Twice. I feel guilty."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Guilty... about what?
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"It's our lunches, Eric. It's... Incredible Meat."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Yes, I think it's pretty good."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"No, Eric. See, there was this guy. He's a goo man."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,The fuck is a goo man?
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The cows are still milling around eating the weed. Some of them poop as they walk. Randy is in his tractor driving around."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"[comes across a cow] Go on! shoo! Hey! Goddamnit! [some time later, he's talking to Towelie] I don't know what we're gonna do. These cows are eating all our weed and they're shitting everywhere. They're gonna put us completely out of business!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,Did you find anyone else to take 'em?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Nobody wants cows anymore! They're bad for climate change! [takes a quick look around] We gotta kill 'em.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The farm is decked out for Halloween. In the living room, Randy brings out more Halloween decorations. Sharon is working on her laptop, Stan is busy on his phone"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[dances in with a Jack O'Lantern] It's the most wonderful time of the year. [puts it on the table] Well? You all excited, gang?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stan,For Halloween? I guess so.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Ugh, this isn't any Halloween, because this week, Tegridy Weed is doing a Halloween special. It's big promotional thing. Everyone's gonna love it. Hey, wuh-where's Shelly?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,Shelly hasn't come out of her room in two days.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Why?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,"[angrily] You know why, Randy."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[Sighs] Yeah. Yeah. [Sharon glances at him]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Shelly's room, later. Her door is open, and Randy walks in"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, Shelly? Can I talk to you for a minute?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,What do you want?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Come on, kiddo. [sits on her bed and motions for her to sit next to him] Come talk with your old man, huh? Come on now. [Shelly leaves her desk to sit on the bed] Shelly, we need to talk about your marijuana problem. You know, what's your problem with it?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,I hate marijuana!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Yes, we all know, but ugh, why?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"It stinks, and it makes everyone in this town dumber than they already are!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Shelly, the truth is, some of the most important people in the world smoke weed. Did you know that Snoop Dogg smokes weed?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Yes, everyone knows Snoop Dogg is a stupid pothead!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Ugh, way more people enjoy marijuana than you think, okay? Okay, who's your idol? Who do you most look up to in the whole world?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Serena Williams
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Total stoner. High as a kite. Every tennis match.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,No she's not!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"You don't know that, Shelly! Now you're just making assumptions!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Everyone in this country is getting dumber, and I wish Marijuana was illegal again!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[gasps and stands up] Shelly! [begins to pace the room] Okay, loook. The thing is, this problem you're having with marijuana? It's just got to stop, okay? We're working on out Tegridy Farms Halloween Special, okay?? Nobody wants a giant bummer ruining it! I love you! [leaves and closes the door]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"The Egyptian Artifact exhibit at the Denver Museum, day. A shadow appears, followed by the person casting it: Butters"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,[looks around] Whoa. Very impressive. [strokes his chin] Indeed. [walks up to a plaque and reads it with a loupe]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,"[lookin gon with Linda] Find anything good, Butters/"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"One minute, Dad! Archeologist Butters just needs to get his stamp and sticker for his autograph book. [gets a sticker of Baster and a stamp] Aha! another rare find!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,"Well, did you all enjoy the museum, gang?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Well wait wait, we can't leave yet! I got all the stickers and tamps except for one!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,Well I'm pretty sure we saw the whole exhibit.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Can I just check around one last time?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,"Alright, Archeologist Butters, but then meet us back right here."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Well o-kay!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,An Egyptian funeral ship. A guide is explaining its varioys aspects
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guide,"What you're seeing here are original knots which were joined in the main pieces of the Khufu boat. The cedar timbers of the boat's hull were lashed together with hemp rope, a technique used until-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Whoa! Whoa! Wait just one second! Are you actually saying that hemp, a classification of cannabis [Shelly looks at him], was actually used by he ancient Egyptians? [strikes a pondering pose]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guide,"Well yes. In fact, it's been found that cannabis was used by Egyptians for its medical properties as well."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Hold the freaking phone! You're telling us that marijuana has been used throughout the centuries-?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Is this why you brought me here?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"No, I d-, I'm just, I'm surprised that-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,You said you wanted a special day with just your daughter. You said a father-daughter day at the museum could help us connect.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"And, and it is, Shelly. We're havin' a great time!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,I don't care if Egyptians used stupid pot! [runs off in anger]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[noticing the stares, stands up] She has a marijuana problem. Shelly! [runs after her]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"The Egyptian Artifact exhibit, at the same time. Butters retraces his steps"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Been there... Saw that... Where's that stupid last sticker stamp? [sees a hallway he missed earlier] What's this? [he sees something ahead of him that excites him and runs to it. The sarcophagus of Took-tan Ra]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Whoa... [gets to the exhibit and reads through his loupe] ""Sarcophagus and mummified remains of Egyptian royalty."" This is it! My last sticker! [gets ready to stamp his sticker book...]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Jud,[interrupting] That's the mummy of Took-tan Ra. You don't wanna put that stamp in your sticker book. Nobody puts that stamp in their sticker book.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,But this is my last one!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Jud,"It's got a curse on it. Ancient love cure not fit for any child. You can look at the mummy all you like, but... you don't want that stamp... in your sticker book."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"[looks at his sticker book] Haha, that's okay. I'm no ordinary child. I am Archeologist Butters! [stamps his sticker book and runs off happily. He doesn't notice the brief glow the stamp gives off] Happy Halloween, Mister!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Jud,"[watching him go] For some of us, maybe."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. In the barn, Randy paces back and forth while talking to Towelie."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"It's just so hard being a parent sometimes, you know? I've tried everything to get through to my daughter. I took her to a laser show, I played her all of Dark Side Of The Moon, but... it's like... it's like there's something in her head that just doesn't get it!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"That's awful, Randy. I'm sorry."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"It's just- I have to live my life, you know? I can't let her problems with marijuana drag me down anymore."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"No, you're right You're totally right."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"So, anyway, hey. How's the Halloween Special comin' along?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,The Halloween Special? Oh it's ready.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,It's ready?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, it's right over here. [shows Randy the way to the new plants]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,O-ho wow! The Halloween Special! I'm so excited to try it.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, it's basically a hybrid of our Tegridy Gold and Colorado Kush. Turned out really great, I think."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[inhales the aroma] Oh, wow, that is nice! I'd like to see anyone compete with this Halloween Special."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. He's asleep in his bedroom, on his right side. He flips over to his left side, and the stamp begins to glow. Something goes thump and Butters sits up, wide awake. He hears a knock"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"M-Mon? [two knocks] ...Dad? [the door bursts open and a mummy walks in. Butters screams as the mummy trashes the room. The mummy then grabs Butters... and hugs him. Butters calms down] A little... Why. Oh. Okay. Oh. Okay. Okay. Oh that's okay. [softly] That's okay. There you go. [the mummy lets go and sits on the bed next to him, presenting him with a gift] Form, for me? Oh, thank you. [takes the gift and opens it] Oh wow! A Fitbit! [the mummy murmurs something] Why thank you. Thank you. I... actually already have a Fitbit, but I could-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mummy,Huh?!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I could give this one to a friend. [the mummy growls and stands up angrily] I just... I have one, so... [the mummy goes into a rage and finishes trashing the room, then just turns around and leaves]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, kitchen, night. Shelly is cooking up a strange brew on a hot plate in her room."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Furniture polish, paint thinner and bleach.Ammonia and antifreeze. One tablespoon each.I hate everybody, I just like to read.Everyone's stupid. They smoke too much weed.So with this eldritch potion and these ancient wordsI make my revenge upon all the turds.[she adds a lot more bleach and continues to stir]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's eating Frankenberry cereal breakfast in the kitchen when he hears two knocks and gets alarmed. He leaves the kitchen to go to the front door. He opens the door and two officers stand outside"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,Butters Stotch?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Yes sir?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,We want to ask you some questions about what happened in town last night.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,what... happened in town?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,People were attacked by an ancient Egyptian mummy. It killed five people and destroyed everything it could.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"[nervous] Oh, uh, a mummy, huh? That's, that's weird."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"Oh, you just think that's weird? Because the mummy said you two got in some kind of altercation last night."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,What?? The mummy talked to you??
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,"Is it true, sir, that you and the mummy [reads his report] ""got into an argument over a gift you didn't seem to appreciate""?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,There was no argument. I just said I already had it and I'd give it to a friend.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,A present that the mummy got for you?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I, I just goh-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,You can see how that could be pretty hurtful.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,Did you throw the mummy out of your house?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"No! I didn't throw the mummy out of the house! The mummy got all pissed off at me and left! [the officers look at each other, and Brown whips out his own notepad and starts writing]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"You're gonna have to share in the damages here, son."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"But I didn't do anything wrong! Okay, look officers, I think [cups his hands together nervously] I'm under some kind of curse."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,Well that's what the mummy told us about you.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,You got a summons to appear in court. Until then I just suggest you and the mummy stay away from each other. [rips out the ticket citation and plants it on Butters' forehead]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, barn, day. Randy and Towelie are sampling their newest hybrid."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh, man, I really like it."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, it's smooth."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"It's really smooth. This is so good that we shold stop smoking it right now. We don't want to ruin our Halloween experience, you know? [Shelly walks in with her eldritch potion, unseen] This is seriously gonna be the best Halloween ever. [she chucks the potion all over the Halloween Special, causing Randy and Towelie to turn to see what happened. Many of the plants suffer chemical burns. Randy gets alarmed] AAAAAAA! Shelly!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,That's what I think of your stupid special! [walks away and Randy races for the plants]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,No! Nooo!!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gymnasium, day. Mr. Mackey has another assembly, this time over appropriate halloween costumes."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. Halloween has almost arrived and I wanna make sure that we are all aware of certain guidelines when it comes to Halloween costumes at school. Now, I don't wanna see any FUCKING SOMBREROS! Alright, if I see any fucking Mexican sombreros, or anyone fucking dressed like a fucking Native American, I'm gonna lose my fuckin' shit! There will be no hobos, or bums, anything depicting people from low-income households."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Cartman,"Ahp, no Halloween for you, Kenny."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,PC Principal,"And lastly, heed my fuckin' words. If I see any of you girls dressed as fucking Moana, I'm gonna lose my fucking mind! Alright now, the student book fair is coming up next week. We encourage all students to be able to- [crasing sounds herald the mummy's arrival. It crashes through the double doors and stomps across the floor. The students flee in all directions. The mummy grabs students at random and throws them all over the place]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Counselor's Office, moments later. Butters faces Mr. Mackey."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"...and that's all that happened. I put that stamp in the sticker book, and now this mummy is destroying everything around me. I need help."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Okay. An-and do you feel like maybe the mummy is trying to, you know, get you to react?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Wuh-what, what do you mean?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Well, you know, Butters, the mummy feels like you get to do whatever you want, but it doesn't get to do whatever it wants."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Wait. The mummy talked to you, too?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, yeah, we had a good talk, yeah."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Why is it talking to everyone?!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,I think the mummy is very insightful and cares about you a lot.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,No it doesn't! This is crazy!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Look, the mummy's just sad because you get to go to school and have fun, and what does the mummy get to do? You know, it just sits around being a mummy. You know, that's not fair."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"First of all, I don't have fun at school! And secondly... the mummy can do whatever it wants; I don't care!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Right, but you do care, Butters, because you're sitting in my office talking all about the bad things that the mummy does."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy sits in his wooden swing and looks at one of the tickets he had made for his Halloween Special weed. He sighs."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"[appears in the yard behind him] Randy, quick! You gotta come see!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"I just need some time, okay, Towelie?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Look! You don't understand! The special! Well, it's a miracle! [leaves. Randy gets up to follow him] Come on! You're not gonna believe it! [they head for the barn]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,The barn. They step inside
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Alright, Towelie, what is this ab-? Whoa! [the Halloween Special has overgrown and taken root all over the barn] The Halloween Special!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Whatever your daughter threw on this shit made it more powerful than ever!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[jumps for joy] Yeah! We're back!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Yeah!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Yeah! Yeah!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"A restaurant, day. Butters is enjoying drinks with the main four and Token."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I have to end this curse, fellas. It's getting worse every day. Last night the mummy attacked my parents, and it said I was being narcissistic. It has no reason. No logic! One minute it's destroying everything, and the next it's sending me selfies like nothing ever happened. Look! [sure enough, there are several selfies of the mummy - in a park, in bed, working out - on his phone] This whole thing is so crazy it's starting to make me think I'm crazy!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stan,"Well, it is a little crazy how much you talk about the mummy."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"[jaw drops, then] It's a freaking mummy! Wouldn't you talk about it?!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Kyle,"We're just saying, Butters, that sometimes it all seems a little codependent."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Cartman,"Yeah, like you and the mummy need to do your own things sometimes."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I would love that, but I don't have a choice! I swear, you guys. Mummies can smell fun! Whenever I'm somewhere, and I actually start havin' a good time, I get a call or a text from the mummy sayin' ""Hey, what are you doin'?"" Like it knows."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Token,"Well, you're kinda havin' fun now, aren't you?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Yeah. It is fun to get away and just talk to you guys. [the mummy pops up outside their window and throws its arms at it three times. The boys are spooked for a bit, then calm down] Oh, gosh darnit. [leaves the table] Hang on a second, fellas. [the mummy's eyes follow him]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy is putting new labels on jars of Tegridy Weed and humming, then placing them on a table by the front door"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Okay, that should be enough Halloween Special for the first few people [there are some 84 jars on the table] Now, I think we should put the open bar in this area [screen left] and the hot tub maybe right here [screen right. Shelly walks in wearing a backpack]."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, that'll work well."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Dad, you have to drive me to the book fair."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,What what? [chuckles]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Mom said you have to drive me because she's taking Stan trick-or-treating.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[skeptical] You're going to a book fair?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Yes.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,On fucking Halloweed?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Yes!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[squeezes his face] I don't even know how to deal with you anymore. [gets in her face] You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"[moves to the front door] You're my dad, drive me to the book fair!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"I will not! I have things to get ready, and nobody cares about books on Halloween, Shelly!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"The last thing people in this town need is more marijuana! [kicks the legs out from under the table, and the jats crash onto the floor, shattering. She leaves]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,OH MY GOD! [kneels next to his ruined product]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station. Randy is talking to Det. Harris, with Shelly beside him"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[sobbing] It's a nightmare! It's a personal hell! I've done everything I can, as a father, to help he with her problem, but she just ignores everything I say! I can't do this!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"You're such a piece of shit, Dad!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh, Shelly, I love you!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,What does her mother have to say about this?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Her mother doesn't say anything anymore! Whenever I bring up our daughter's marijuana problem, my wife says ""I'm gonna lose my mind if you bring this up again."" It's destroying all of us! I just think, maybe a night in jail is the wakeup call that she needs. I'm barely gonna have fun at the Halloween Special now! It's gonna be really hard for me to rage knowing you're in here, Shelly. It's gonna be really hard for me to rage! [an officer takes Shelly to a jail cell nearby, then opens it for her]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"Alright, there you go. [Shelly goes in and turns around] When you have a problem with drugs and alcohol, you hurt everyone around you. Happy Halloween. [slides the door shut]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,What are you in for? I'm in here because *apparently* I'm a passive-aggressive controlling and manipulative psychopath whose narcissitic behavior drives other people crazy.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. The Halloween special is undreway. Klieg lights shine their beams into the sky. MC Hammer's ""Turn This Mutha Out"" pumps through the loudspeakers. The living room is filing with people"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 1,"Hey, trick or treat. We're here for the Halloween Special?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"All right, here you go, guys. [hands him a jar of Halloween Special] That's a promotional gift from Tegridy Farms."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, come on in, guys! There's candy and hot dogs!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 2,Alright. [Towelie hands him a jar as well]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Samplers of the special are there on the table, guys. Feel free to light up!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Wow, we're almost out, Randy. I gotta go to the barn and get some more."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Okay, I'll hold down the fort. [Towelie leaves]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, outside. Towelie walks through the field to the barn"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Jimmy crack corn and I don't care. Jimmy crack- [stops] Uh, what? [a bright light shines through all the windows on the barn as the Halloween Special has spread to the exterior walls of the barn]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"So I said, ""Okay, fine. You don't ever do anything wrong! It's all me! You've got no problems, only I have problems! Alright, uh I'll lock my own ass up! Then we'll see who's got issues!"""
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Will you SHUT UP?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I'll be in here, and something will go horribly wrong tonight, and then the monster will have to accept what it is, and finally work on changing, right?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Probably not.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, the Halloween Special event. Randy is talking to one of the guests in the hot tub"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Naw, you see, fluvial geomorphology deals with the way rivers change over time. It's geology shit. It's why I got out of it, really."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 2,"Hey man, what's in this weed? [guests around him are clutching their bellies]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh! That's a company secret, my friend!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 1,"No, I meant I- I don't feel so good. [begins to gargle and growl]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, are you alright there, buddy? [marijuana seems to sprout on the guest's body and turned him into a zombie. He turns around and growls at Randy] Whoa, dude, did you see that?! [looks over at his guest, who now, too, looks zombified. Randy jumps out of the hot tub when he notices all his guests looking like zombies, puts on a towel and runs outside]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,The marijuana field. Randy and Towelie run into each other
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Both,AAAAA!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Towelie! There's something wrong with thte special!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"There's somethin' in the barn! The thing you killed! It wants revenge! [they head for the barn, and Randy sees it glowing like Towelie did before]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Oh Jesus! What happened?! [goes inside while Towelie waits outside]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,It's dead because o'you! And now it wants your soul!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[faces him] What?! What's dead because o'me?! [a shadow rises up and Randy notices: it's Winnie the Pooh clutching his intestines]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Pooh,"[cocks his head to one side] Oh, hello there. Would you like to die?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[runs out] Ooooohh! Winnie the Pooh! Winnie the Pooh!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night. An officer runs in"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,Detective Harris! Something's going down at the Marsh farm!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,"Calm down, sir! I can't understand you!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,Put him on speaker. [the officer switches from earpiece to speaker]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,There's monsters everywhere! It's some kind of curse! Unspeakable evil!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,[listening from his cell] The mummy! I told you!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"All different kindds of monsters! Zombies and plant people and bears! Oh my God! What's that?! Oh my God, it's Harvey Weinstein! He's got me! You've got to-argh! He's inside me! Harvey Weinstein is inside me! You've gotta send help! People are dying everywhere! No! Harvey, I said no! Please, somebody co- [the connection is cut]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"This is it, everyone! Let's move! All hands on deck! We've gotta take these monsters down! [all the officers rush out. Yakes returns]/i> Bring the kid who manipulates the mummy with his passive-aggressive serlfishness! [an officer opens the jail cell, and Butters and Shelly walk out]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. The Special event is still in full swing as the police pull up to the entrance. The officers leave their cruisers and jump into position with their rifles. An officer brings out a bazooka"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"Alright, men, let's take thee monsters out!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"[intervenes] No, just hold on a second! I'll take care of this. [walks to the house. Meanwhile, out back, Randy and Towelie are still running, but are stopped by the cose they slaughtered in ""Let Them Eat Goo.""]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh God, it's the cows we killed!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Pooh,Oh. I'm really going to enjoy eating your brains. [leaps up to Randy's head and starts gnawing on it.]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Get 'im off of me! Get 'im off of me! Oh my God! Get 'im off of me! [In her bedroom, Shelly is cooking up an antidote. She hears Randy and Towelie screaming and goes to look out the window] Waugh! Get 'im off of me!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Both,"Help! Somebody help us! Get them off of me! Waugh! [she sees them flailing about, but with no cows, bears, or other monsters around them. They are hallucinating]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Both,Somebody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Somebody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Get 'im off of me! Augh! We gotta fight them, Towelie!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Help! somebody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Waugh!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,I wanna live! Get them of of me! Help! sombody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"We're going to live! We're going to live! [Shelly goes back to her pot and continues brewing] Help! Waugh, get him off of me! Get him off of me! You monsters! Go back to hell! [they begin to babble, and Randy punches the air] There's too many of 'em! [looks off to his left] Oh! What is, What is that?! [a blurry Shelly runs up to him with her pot] Oh! No! [she drenches him with her potion and he goes limp. He murmurs a fewwwww syllables and falls over]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tebridy Farms, entrance."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"Alright, that's it everyone! Nothin' to see here. Just some people who are really, really high."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officers,[let down] Aawwwwwwww.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Stevens,I can't shoot anyone?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"[walks up to Butters] You were so convinced the mummy was to blame for everything, weren't you? So convinced you made us all believe it too."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,I'm... [cups his hands together] I'm sorry?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"Yeah, well it's not us ...you really need to be sorry to. [looks over Butters' head at something. Butters follows his gaze amd sees tje mummy standing at the farm's entrance.] Let's see if you even have a shred of decency to apologize when something is clearly your fault. [Butters walks to the mummy]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I'm so sorry. You're right. I can be selfish and narcissistic. Ah I'm gonna work on myself and... and try to make this curse work somehow. [the mummy rreaches into a back pocket and gives Butters a parting present, sighs, and walks over to a red car, opens the trunk, packs his suitcase, closes the trunk, gets into the driver's seat, puts on some sunglasses, and drives away. Butters open the present and reads the letter inside, which is just Egyptian hieroglyphics]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"[looks over Butters' shoulder] It says, ""I hope you can get the help you need. I can't fix you"""
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. All the decorations are thrown away and lots of trash bins wait for pickup. Inside, Randy comes down the stairs looking quite beat up. The rest of the family is eating toast and cereal."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, guess I slept in late, huh? What time is it? [serves himself some coffee]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,It's 8:15 am. November 3rd.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Ooof, wow. That was some strong-ass Halloween Special, y'all. I mean... I saw rapists in the hot tub, zombie cows. I thought I was gonna die, and then, this fat, bitchy angel came and put me to bed. [Shelly shoots a look at him for a few seconds, then looks at her food] Did everyone enjoy the Halloween Special?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,"No, Randy. Only you did."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh. Well, that was pretty much my target audience anyway. [walks away from the table with his coffee, back to the stairs] Hey, at least I really didn't have butt sex with Harvey Weinstein, huh? [sees something on the floor] Oh [it's a used confom. He picks it up and shows it to the family] Or did I? [twirls it around a few times] Woo! Happy Halloween, everybody! [lets go, and the condom lands on a wall, releasing its contents.]"
Season Finale,Randy,"Hey, good morning, everybody. Welcome to Tegridy Breakfast, the show where we talk about everything Tegridy Farms. I'm Randy Marsh."
Season Finale,Towelie,"Hehehey, folks. I'm Towelie."
Season Finale,Randy,"Today we're gonna talk about what's been growing on the farm, especially our new Tegridy Thanksgiving Special. [displays the new strain in a mason jar]"
Season Finale,Towelie,"I'll tell you what. I-I, I smoked that out of a four-foot bong, and it just about destroyed my fro-"
Season Finale,Agent,"[coming in with another agent and two police officers] Alright, wrap it up! Shut this down! Come on, Marsh, Let's go."
Season Finale,Randy,"Guh, uh go where?"
Season Finale,Agent,"Everyone's had enough, Mr. Marsh. I'm gonna need you to come with us. [an officer steps forth to arrest him]"
Season Finale,Randy,"[stands, to be arrested] What the hell are you do-? [remembers his show] Sorry, everybody. We'll be right back."
Season Finale,Officer 1,Let's go!
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day, outside"
Season Finale,Randy,What do you think you're-? My show! My Tegridy Farms show!
Season Finale,Scene Description,"City Hall, later. The City Council is in session. The officer brings Randy in, handcuffed"
Season Finale,Randy,"Hello, Mayor. Mr. and Mrs. Tweek, ... Mackey."
Season Finale,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Marsh, do you remember a few weeks ago when homes in South Park were attacked by a terrorist called Mexican Joker?"
Season Finale,Randy,"Yah, Mexican Joker. That was terrible."
Season Finale,Mayor,Right. Except there was no Mexican Joker. It was you who blew up people's yards because they were home-growing their own marijuana.
Season Finale,Randy,"[bites his lip, then chuckles] Well, that's ridiculous."
Season Finale,Mayor,The Tweeks have come forward with some footage caught on their security camera.
Season Finale,Randy,"Guys, I have nothing against homegrowers."
Season Finale,Mayor,"Run the footage, please! [her aide starts up the video. Randy is shown creeping up to a homegrown operation and pissing into it.]"
Season Finale,Randy,Hm... [the footage shown him getting deeper into the small garden and pooping in it] Hmmm... [then it shows him burying an explosive and walking away. Two seconds later there's an explosion and the camera footage is interrupted.]
Season Finale,Mayor,"People are fed up, Marsh. The past few weeks you've held parades for yourself, needlessly slaughtered a thousand cows, made deals with the Chinese, and nearly poisoned everyone with your Halloween Special. Everyone's had enough of Tegridy Farms."
Season Finale,Randy,Enough of Tegridy Farms? South Park is NOTHING without Tegridy Farms!
Season Finale,Mayor,You'll be taken to county jail to await your trial. Get him out of here. [an attending officer comes in to do the job]
Season Finale,Randy,I didn't do anything wrong! [the officer pulls Randy up to his feet and walks him away] You people are just jealous! Jealous that I took over South Park and I'm successful! [the officer takes Randy out of the office]
Season Finale,Mayor,Well. At least now South Park can start getting back to normal.
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. Two teams of six players each oppose each other in a game of football. Kenny has the ball and Cartman is set to receive it."
Season Finale,Cartman,"Titty farts! Titty farts dog wiener. [backs away] Dog wiener, dog wiener! [gets back into position] Pubic mound. Pubic mound."
Season Finale,Kyle,"Just hike the stupid ball, Cartman."
Season Finale,Cartman,Pubic mound titty farts hike! [receives the ball from Kenny. Kyle counts down 15 seconds before Cartman throws the ball.]
Season Finale,Kyle,Mississippi one Mississippi two Mississippi three Mississippi four Mississippi five Mississippi six Mississippi seven Mississippi eight Mississippi nine Mississippi ten Mississippi eleven Mississippi twelve Mississippi thirteen Mississippi fourteen Mississippi.
Season Finale,Jason,"[while Kyle counts] Hey, I'm open!"
Season Finale,Cartman,[while Kyle counts] You can't catch!
Season Finale,Jason,"[while Kyle counts] Dude, I'm wide open! [Cartman releases the ball, and it goes high. Jason goes into the street to catch it, but is struck down by a police car and killed. The officer doesn't stop. The ball comes down next to Jason two seconds later. Most of the boys are aghast]"
Season Finale,Cartman,That totally would have been a touchdown.
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The Church, day. Funeral music plays. Mrs. White is heard crying. Jason's casket and picture are shown"
Season Finale,Fr. Maxi,Little Jason White was a happy child. A playful child. And ultimately it was his playfulness in sports that got him killed in a freak hit-and-run accident. The father would like to now say a few words. [leaves the podium and gives Bob a quick hug as Bob takes the podium.]
Season Finale,Bob,"I'm Robert White, Jason's father, and I can tell you that as a White, Jason lived a challenged life. When I look out on this congregation, I can't help but think, ""There's not a whole lot of people here."" Doesn't seem like a big deal. Nobody's outraged. 'Cause it was our family. Nobody cares when a White gets killed by the police. There should be protests and marches, but NO. The police killed a White! That's not protest-worthy! Everybody's busy trying to lock up Randy Marsh! Now my wife and I have a dead child and we can't even get any weed to make us feel better! Yeah, don't listen to me. I'm just a White. [leaves the podium. His wife is still crying.]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Sharon is at the dinner table addressing her kids"
Season Finale,Sharon,"Kids, I have something to tell you, but I don't want you to be scared, okay? Daddy is... in police custody until there's a hearing. He could be in jail for a long time."
Season Finale,Shelly,Do you promise?
Season Finale,Stan,"Like, how long is ""a long time""? Could it be years?"
Season Finale,Sharon,"It could be, sweetheart. We don't know."
Season Finale,Stan,YES!
Season Finale,Shelly,Is it possible he could get out of it?
Season Finale,Sharon,"Of course it's possible, honey"
Season Finale,Shelly,Egh! [looks away angrily]
Season Finale,Stan,"But if he doesn't get out of it, then what happens to us?"
Season Finale,Sharon,"We probably have to sell the farm and move, back to town, and, sort of, live our lives without the marijuana business and without daddy. [a smile keeps breaking through as she explains things] Juts... try to stay hopeful, kids."
Season Finale,Stan,"We will, Mom. You too."
Season Finale,Sharon,"Okay, you too, Shelly."
Season Finale,Shelly,"Okay, Mom. You too."
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The White House, day. President Garrison is in the Oval Office cracking nuts and eating them. The phone rings and he picks up."
Season Finale,Garrison,"What? ...Who? ...Oh okay, sure, put him through. This is the President."
Season Finale,Randy,"Hi, Mr. Ga- Mr. President, Uh, I'm really sorry to bother you. Look, uh... I'm in a bit of trouble."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Huho, tell me about it."
Season Finale,Randy,"Yeah, they uh, someone got some supposed evidence on me doing something... ""illegal"" and uh."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Well, did you tell everyone you didn't do anything wrong?"
Season Finale,Randy,"Y-yeah, of course."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Well, did you then go on the attack and swap the accusations to make yourself a victim?"
Season Finale,Randy,Did I what?
Season Finale,Garrison,"Oh Jeez, DARVO, Randy. Deny, Attack, Reverse Victim and Offender. Alright, let's role-play. You be your accusers and I be you. Okay, go."
Season Finale,Randy,"Uh, uhm, ""Hey, you! You blew up people's yards who were growing their own marijuana!"""
Season Finale,Garrison,"""No I didn't! Are you joking, you psychopath?! Now you're blowin' up my yard!"" Go ahead, try another one."
Season Finale,Randy,"""You, you illegally damaged property and made your business-"""
Season Finale,Garrison,"""You damage property to make your business more profitable, you lying sack of shit! I'm not gonna be bullied by you!"" See? [looks at footage of himself speaking on several screens] It's really not that hard, just takes a little chin wiggle."
Season Finale,Randy,"Jeez, you're really good at that. Look, what I really need from you is some personnel. Do you know any good lawyers?"
Season Finale,Garrison,"Do I know any good lawyers? No, but I do know Rudy Giuliani. [at this point Rudy peaks out from under the desk.]"
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Hehey hey, fuck you!"
Season Finale,Garrison,"The fuck you, Rudy. Are you finished cleaning up those pistachio nuts yet?"
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Yeah, that's all of them, Mr. President."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Listen, Randy, I'm gonna throw you a bone. You just sit tight and I'll have him take care of this."
