Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,"Cartman, you're such a fat ass that when you walk down the street people go ""God damn it, that's a big fat ass!"""
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"No they don't, you jealous weakling!"
Weight Gain 4000,Townsman,"God damn, that's a big fat ass!"
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,Hey!
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,Hi guys.
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Oh look, another hippie."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Cartman gives her the peace sign.
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Peace, Wendy."
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,Shut up Cartman!
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Oooh, Two little hippies sit'n' in a tree..."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Wendy moves by Cartman and then whispers to Stan.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,I'm gonna find Cartman's paper and get to the bottom of this.
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,...K I S S I N G. First comes the baby and...
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Jimbo's Guns. There is a poster welcoming Kathie Lee on the left side of the store entrance.
Weight Gain 4000,Jimbo Kern,Can I help you?
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,Yes... I need a gun.
Weight Gain 4000,Jimbo,"Would this be for hunting, home protection, or other?"
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,Other.
Weight Gain 4000,Jimbo,"Alrighty then! May I suggest a Stratford 12mm? Here, try it on!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Hands Mr. Garrison a gun.
Weight Gain 4000,Jimbo,That looks really nice on you. The lacquered black really matches your eyes.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"[To Mirror.] You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? [To Jimbo.] I don't know, it's a little small."
Weight Gain 4000,Jimbo,"Okay, how about this?"
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"[To Mirror.] You talkin' to me? [To Jimbo.] Hmm, no, I don't like this one either."
Weight Gain 4000,Jimbo,"Here's the same gun, with a wood finish."
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"[To Mirror.] You talkin' to me? I don't see anybody else around here, so you must be talkin' to me. [To Jimbo.] I'll take it!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's Classroom, lights out. Wendy enters."
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,Hello?
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"She sneaks over to file cabinet. Sees her paper first and is disgusted to find Cartman's question in writing: ""If dolphins are so smart, why do they live in igloos?"" Then she finds Cartman's paper."
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"My essay by Eric Cartman: ""When I wrote the following pages, or rather the bulk of them, I lived alone in the woods on the shore of..."""
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison enters. Wendy hides.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Well, Mr. Hat, I guess ol' Kathie Lee really will be surprised when she gets here tomorrow. She beat us in the talent show all those years ago. And I think we owe her for that. Babang!"
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,[Hushed.] Oh my God.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Town Square. Mr. Garrison walks down the street with his rifle as if it's normal.
Weight Gain 4000,Townsman,"Howdy Mr. Garrison, nice gun."
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,Thank you.
Weight Gain 4000,Townswoman,Nice gun Mr. Garrison.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,Thanks.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,He approaches Officer Barbrady.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,Hello Officer Barbrady.
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,Nice Gun.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Thanks. Is there somewhere in town where I can get a good, clear shot - er, view - of Kathie Lee."
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,"Hmmmm. You know, I think the book depository would be a good bet."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,They look up at it. Two vultures fly around it.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Yes, that might do quite nicely. Thank you Officer Barbrady."
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,No problem.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,He turns to a fan walking by with a camera.
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,Heah! Caught you red handed. No Pictures of Kathie Lee!
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,[On stage.] Where is she?
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"Cartman, off stage, looming over his friends now."
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,This is sweet. Camera crews are setting up and I'm looking totally ripped. Beefcake. Beefcaaake!
Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,I don't think they're going to be able to get all of you in frame Cartman.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"[Rushing in.] You guys, we have to stop him!"
Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,Stop who?
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,Mr. Garrison. He's going to try to kill Kathie Lee Gifford.
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Oh no you don't, you're not going to ruin my moment of fame."
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,He's got a gun!
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"You got to get over this whole jealousy thing. Eihh, seriously. Just face it, I wrote a better paper than you."
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"It just so happens that I have your paper, and I know why you won! There's something more important right now. Let's go!"
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,"Wendy, you got to prioritize. What's more important? Being on TV or some stupid assassination?"
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"[Sweetly.] Stan, I can't do it alone. Please?"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"Stan falters and looks down, unable to resist her."
Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,"Uh oh, we're losing him."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Cartman looks down at Stan.
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,Here she comes.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,The band starts playing. Kathie Lee comes in riding in bullet proof 'bubble' on the back of a truck.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison, looking on from the book depository window."
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Damn, I guess I'm not the only person in America who's thought of killing Kathie Lee Gifford."
Weight Gain 4000,Townswoman,"We love you Kathie Lee, heh heh."
Weight Gain 4000,Kathie Lee Gifford,"I love you, too."
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Come on you little bitch. [Takes aim.] You got to come out of your precious bubble sooner or later, missy."
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,[On stage.] It is with great pride and honor that I'd like to welcome Mrs. Kathie Lee Gifford to South Park.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Crowd cheers.
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,"...And now, our very own South Park Elementary chef will sing a special song in honor of Mrs. Lee Gifford."
Weight Gain 4000,Chef,"Thank you Mr. Mayor. You know Kathie Lee, you are a very special woman. I don't mean special in a Mary Tyler Moore way. Or, or special in an Extra Value Meal at Happy Burger way. Noo nononono. I mean special. Like the song of uh, the humming bird as it gets ready to find that female hummingbird and make sweet love to it all night long. Just two humming birds moaning and, and groaning and, and their bodies caress and touch each other in ecstasy. Oh, Kathie Lee, how I'd love to lay you dowwwwn. And lick every inch of your bodaay with my tongue."
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,What?
Weight Gain 4000,Chef,"Kathie Lee, you're my sexual fantasy."
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,What? Oh God!
Weight Gain 4000,Chef,How 'bout you and meee-
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Quickly taking the mic from him.
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,"Uh, Thank you Chef, for that heartwarming song."
Weight Gain 4000,Chef,-get together and make... sweet... love?
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,Thank you Chef!
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,She grabs the mike and drags him off.
Weight Gain 4000,Chef McDaniels,"Oh, oh. God bless you Kathie Lee!"
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"[Wendy and Stan run up.] Officer Barbrady, Mr. Garrison is about to kill Kathie Lee! We have to find him!"
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,What? You mean the teacher? Wait a minute. [Flashes back.]
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Is there somewhere in town where I can get a good, clear shot - er, view - of Kathie Lee."
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,"Hmm, you know, I think the book depository would be a good bet—I think the book depository would be a good bet—book depository—depository—depository—depository ..."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,His face gets bigger with every repetition. He snaps to.
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,"Damn, he could be anywhere! I'll send out an APB!"
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,"Wendy, look!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Points to book depository.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Back on stage.
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,"And now, here to present the award for the environmental essay to our own, Eric Kauffman..."
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Cartman, God damn it."
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,"...is your favorite celebrity, and mine, [Crowd cheers.] Kathie Lee Gifford!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Kathie Lee is thrust up on stage in her bubble by her security force. Cartman's mom hugs her heart.
Weight Gain 4000,Kathie Lee,Thank you. I love you all.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Stan and Wendy reach the Book Depository.
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,"Mr. Garrison, stop!"
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,Leave us. We must finish what we have begun.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,I know that she's hurt you. She's hurt a lot of people.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,You can't know.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,You should have won that talent show.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,On the stage.
Weight Gain 4000,Kathie Lee,"It is with great honor and pride that I present the winner his trophy. Eric, would you please come up here?"
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Here it is, my big moment of fame."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Book Depository.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,...and then she finished it all by throwing her voice with two dummies at once.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"I know that Mr. Garrison, but this isn't the answer."
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"It is... too late for me, young Wendy."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"Cartman gets on stage, with help from Kyle and Kenny. Mr. Garrison takes aim."
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"You see, I've learned something today, you can't win all the time, and if you don't win, you certainly can't hold it against the person who did, because that's the only way you ever really lose."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Lowering his weapon.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,You... you're right.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,Gooood.
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,"Man, did she really throw her voice with two dummies at once?"
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Hat,[Snapping into position.] The bitch must die!
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,The stage. Cartman's weight breaks it.
Weight Gain 4000,Kathie Lee,Ooohhhh!
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"She flies through the air. Mr. Garrison fires at her, thinking she is still on stage. Kenny is hit."
Weight Gain 4000,Kenny,(Oh no!)
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,He flies through the air and is impaled through the head by a flag pole. He slides on down.
Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,"Huh, Oh my God, they killed Kenny! You bastard!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Kathie Lee's bubble lands on the truck.
Weight Gain 4000,Agent 1,Gun!
Weight Gain 4000,Agent 2,Gun!
Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,"Hey, come back! We didn't even get to do our play."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,The entourage leaves and the crowd groans.
Weight Gain 4000,TV Crew Director,"I guess that's it, guys. Wrap it up."
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,Hey! Wait a minute! When do I get to be on television?
Weight Gain 4000,TV Crew Director,"Forget it kid. No Kathie Lee, no public interest."
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,[Whining.] But I won the environmental essay contest.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,You don't deserve to win Cartman. And you know it.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Into mic.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"I'm holding Cartman's award winning paper. It's actually nothing more than Walden, with Henry David Thoreau's name crossed out, and Cartman's name written in its place."
Weight Gain 4000,Townsman 1,Who cares?
Weight Gain 4000,Townsman 2,"Yeah, Kathie Lee Gifford's gone."
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,"Wha, What about, not holding anything against the person who wins?"
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"Well, not if it's Cartman."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Into mic.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"Hey, where are you all going!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Aside.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,They don't even know what Walden is.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Into mic.
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,I bet if Walden was a sitcom you'd all know what it was.
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,"Come on Wendy, Kyle's mom will make us tuna fish sandwiches."
Weight Gain 4000,Wendy,"Ah, what the hell."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Kids walk out.
Weight Gain 4000,Mayor McDaniels,"Nohoho nooo. Now I'll be stuck in this Podunk town forever, with all these stupid hick, redneck, jobless, truck driving idiots!"
Weight Gain 4000,Ted,"Uh, Mayor, the mic is on."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,In front of flag pole.
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,"[Arresting Mr. Hat.] Thought you could get away with it, eh Mr. Hat?"
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Hat,"Well, I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for those meddling kids."
Weight Gain 4000,Officer Barbrady,You're lucky that you missed Kathie Lee Gifford and that nobody got hurt.
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"Apparently, he didn't see Kenny get impaled. Kenny's corpse slides down to base of flag pole."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,"South Park Mental Home, Mr. Garrison's Hospital Room."
Weight Gain 4000,Stan,We hope you can come back to school real soon Mr. Garrison.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Well children, I'd love to, but the doctors say that Mr. Hat needs more therapy."
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Mr. Hat is in a straitjacket.
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Hat,We can still get her! Let mmm--
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,I'm just so sorry that I ruined everyone's chances for being on TV.
Weight Gain 4000,Kyle,"Not Cartman, he gets to be on TV anyway."
Weight Gain 4000,Mr. Garrison,"Really, on what?"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Geraldo.
Weight Gain 4000,Geraldo Rivera,"Obesity, adiposity, corpulence... Whatever word you use, it represents one thing: Being a big fat-ass. We have with us today, live via satellite, Eric Cartman from South Park, who is now so obese he can't even get out of his house."
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,When is this going to be on the air?
Weight Gain 4000,Geraldo,Is there anything you'd like to say to people out there?
Weight Gain 4000,Cartman,"Follow your dreams, you can reach your goals; I'm living proof. Beefcake. Beefcaaake!"
Weight Gain 4000,Scene Description,Chef's Bedroom.
Weight Gain 4000,Chef,He needs to run his ass around the block a few times.
Weight Gain 4000,Kathie Lee,"Hmmm, how about a little more of that good lovin' Chef?"
Weight Gain 4000,Chef,"Damn woman, I just gave you sweet loving five minutes ago. You trying to kill me?"
Volcano,Scene Description,"In front of Cartman's house. Jimbo, Ned, and the boys are waiting for Cartman."
Volcano,Liane,"Now you be careful, Eric. The woods can be very dangerous."
Volcano,Cartman,"Okay, Mom."
Volcano,Kyle,"Ready to go hunting, Cartman?"
Volcano,Stan,"Yeah, my Uncle Jimbo says we gotta get up there early. Right, Uncle Jimbo?"
Volcano,Jimbo,"That's right, Stanley. Animals are much easier to shoot in the morning."
Volcano,Liane,"Here hon, I packed you some cheesy poofs and happy tarts."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Don't worry Mrs. Cartman, we'll take good care of him. I brought my old war buddy Ned to keep things safe."
Volcano,Ned Gerblansky,"Hello, Mrs. Cartman. How are you today?"
Volcano,Liane,"Be sure to use lots of bug spray, and if you have to poo-poo, don't wipe with poison ivy."
Volcano,Scene Description,The other boys laugh.
Volcano,Cartman,"Dude, that's sick mom."
Volcano,Liane,"And I know it can get scary up in those woods, but just remember, mommy's not far away."
Volcano,Scene Description,They laugh some more.
Volcano,Cartman,"Drive, Drive!"
Volcano,Liane,You give your mommy a kissy.
Volcano,Cartman,"Drive the car damn-it, drive!"
Volcano,Scene Description,In the Humvee.
Volcano,Kyle,[In a slight falsetto.] Don't get scared up in the mountains Cartman.
Volcano,Cartman,"Shut up, I'm not scared of nothing."
Volcano,Stan,"Maybe your mom can give me a kiss too, Cartman."
Volcano,Kenny,(Maybe she'll suck my dick.)
Volcano,Jimbo,"Oh, ho, that's disgusting."
Volcano,Cartman,"You piece of crap, I'll kill you!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Cartman starts fighting with Kenny.
Volcano,Jimbo,"That's the spirit boys, let's get that testosterone flowin'."
Volcano,Cartman,Eeeeenh!
Volcano,Scene Description,He is about to strike Kenny again.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Now boys, boys, ah-I need to get serious for a minute. I want you to understand a few basic rules of hunting, since this is your first time. First, don't ever walk with your gun unless the safety's on. Second, don't shoot anything that looks human, and third, never spill your beer in the bullet chamber."
Volcano,Stan,"Uh, Uncle Jimbo, we don't drink beer."
Volcano,Jimbo,You what?!?
Volcano,Ned,"mmmMoh Yeah, that's right, I don't think eight year old kids drink beer, mmm."
Volcano,Kyle,I like chocolate milk.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Well, we'll be doing plenty of drinking on this trip; After all, hunting sober is like ...fishing ...sober. It sure will be nice to get out of the city for a while, away from civilization."
Volcano,Scene Description,Jimbo drives the Humvee up a small mountain very close to town.
Volcano,Scene Description,On the mountain.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Welp, here we are. Okay, each of you young 'uns take a gun, a beer and some smokes."
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey, I didn't get a gun."
Volcano,Scene Description,Jimbo hands him one.
Volcano,Cartman,Sweet. This is like the gun I used in 'Nam
Volcano,Stan,"You weren't in Vietnam, Cartman."
Volcano,Ned,Were you stationed in Da Nang?
Volcano,Stan,"Cartman always makes stuff up, Ned. You can't believe anything he says."
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey, I'll blow your friggin' head off."
Volcano,Scene Description,"They point their guns at each other, Jimbo rushes up."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Hey, look out son, that's dangerous. You're gonna spill your beer."
Volcano,Stan,"My Uncle Jimbo says that after this, he's gonna take me hunting in Africa."
Volcano,Kyle,"Wow, that'd be cool."
Volcano,Cartman,My mom says there's a lot of black people in Africa.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Boys, looky there. That there's a Rocky Mountain black bear ...one of the few remaining of its kind. Isn't it beautiful... By God, it's coming right for us!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Shoots it. It is hit and flips off the mound it was on.
Volcano,Stan,"Hey, it wasn't coming right for us. It was just sitting there."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Shhh, not so loud. Now that there's just a technicality."
Volcano,Kyle,What do you mean?
Volcano,Jimbo,"You see boys, the Democrats have passed a lot of laws trying to stop us from hunting."
Volcano,Cartman,Democrats piss me off!
Volcano,Jimbo,"They say we can't shoot certain animals anymore, unless they're posing an immediate threat. Therefore, before we shoot somethin', we have to say 'It's coming right for us.'"
Volcano,Stan,"Wow, you're smart Uncle Jimbo."
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, Jimbo look, mm."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Ohho, it's a deer. Looks like about a .46 gauge, Ned. It's coming right for us!"
Volcano,Scene Description,"Jimbo pulls out a bazooka, mounts it on his shoulder, and fires a rocket. All that's left of the deer is a hind leg, which falls over."
Volcano,Cartman,Kickass!!
Volcano,Scene Description,"Everyone is in creep position now, except Jimbo."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Did you see that?! I was imperiled by that ferocious, charging buck."
Volcano,Ned,"Moohh, rabbit, rabbit, 5 o'clock."
Volcano,Scene Description,A rabbit hops blissfully into view.
Volcano,Jimbo,"[Drops to the ground.] Let's move, moove!"
Volcano,Scene Description,He hustles off to the right. Ned follows.
Volcano,Stan,Is this hunting?
Volcano,Kyle,I guess so.
Volcano,Cartman,"Ah, dude! I'm starting to have flashbacks."
Volcano,Kyle,What?!
Volcano,Cartman,"Danforth, pull up flank! Look out for Charlies- up in the trees!"
Volcano,Scene Description,On the ridge.
Volcano,Jimbo,This one's yours Stan.
Volcano,Scene Description,"Stan aims at the bunny, but it just blinks at him. Jimbo coaxes."
Volcano,Jimbo,[Calmly.]It's coming right for us.
Volcano,Ned,It's coming right for us.
Volcano,Scene Description,Stan focuses. The bunny blinks.
Volcano,Kyle,Shoot it Stan.
Volcano,Cartman,"I got your back, soldier."
Volcano,Scene Description,Stan lowers his gun.
Volcano,Stan,I can't.
Volcano,Scene Description,The bunny hops away.
Volcano,Jimbo,What the? What's wrong with you?
Volcano,Stan,I don't wanna shoot the bunny.
Volcano,Jimbo,"What the hell are you talking about, 'you don't wanna shoot the bunny?' You're babbling, you're not making any sense, you're hysterical."
Volcano,Stan,"I'm not hysterical, I just don't want to shoot the bunny."
Volcano,Jimbo,No nephew of mine is gonna be a tree-hugger.
Volcano,Cartman,"Yeah hippie, go back to Woodstock if you can't shoot anything."
Volcano,Stan,"I can shoot you, fat ass!"
Volcano,Cartman,I can shoot you too!
Volcano,Stan,I'll kill you!
Volcano,Cartman,I'll fill you full of lead!
Volcano,Scene Description,The mountain rumbles.
Volcano,Kyle,"Hey, what's that?"
Volcano,Scene Description,"South Park Center for Seismic Activity, Randy is humming: another day and all is quiet. A rumble is heard in the distance, but Randy is dozing off. A stronger rumble rolls through."
Volcano,Scene Description,Randy checks the seismograph.
Volcano,Randy Marsh,What the heck is this?
Volcano,Scene Description,He places a call.
Volcano,Randy,"Yeah, Frank, it's uh Randy, Uh huh, good, Yeah, listen, the uh, the little needle's moving. Yeah, it's going back and forth really fast-what does that mean? ...Uh huh ...Uh huh ...Let me check."
Volcano,Scene Description,"He looks out the window at the volcano, which shows a column of steam."
Volcano,Randy,"Yeah, it's smoking. Uh huh. Oh really? Really? Oh my God! A volcano!"
Volcano,Scene Description,"Dramatic music builds, then Randy...sips his coffee."
Volcano,Scene Description,Night on the mountain.
Volcano,Cartman,My weenies won't cook.
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, this wood won't burn, umm."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Well, Ned, looks like we'll have to use the old Indian fire trick."
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, yepper."
Volcano,Scene Description,Ned pours gasoline on the fire. The flames run up the stream and set Ned aflame.
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, aahh, oh."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Hehehaahaa, hey, stop-drop-and roll Ned. Haaahaaaaahaha!!"
Volcano,Scene Description,"Ned drops and rolls. He knocks the gas can over, and the flaming gas blows up the Hummer."
Volcano,"Stan, Kyle",Whoa!
Volcano,Jimbo,"Goddamnit Ned, I just got that van. How the hell are we supposed to get home?"
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, oh, it hurts, it hurts, mmm."
Volcano,Scene Description,Cartman is now cooking his weenies over Ned's burning body.
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey you guys, this works pretty good right meah."
Volcano,Scene Description,"City Hall, The following morning."
Volcano,Chef,"But you see Mr. Mayor, you can't stop serving Salisbury steak in our public schools. What's next, meatloaf?"
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"We are quite aware of your concerns Chef, but..."
Volcano,Scene Description,The intercom beeps. She answers.
Volcano,Johnson,"Mayor, the geologist is here to see you."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,My geologist? Now? Tell him the infection is fine and I don't need another check-up.
Volcano,Johnson,"No mayor, that's a gynecologist. A geologist studies the earth."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Don't you think I know that? How dare you insult my intellect, I went to Princeton for God's sake! You get out of my office!"
Volcano,Johnson,"I'm not in your office mayor, I'm talking to you through a speaker."
Volcano,Scene Description,Long pause.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,Just send in the geometrist.
Volcano,Johnson,Geologist...
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"You are fired, buddy!"
Volcano,Johnson,"Thank you mayor, it's been great working for you."
Volcano,Scene Description,Randy enters.
Volcano,Randy,"Mayor, we have got a very big problem. Mt. Evanston is about to erupt."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,What does this mean to the town?
Volcano,Randy,"Well, this graph shows everything from normal to bad."
Volcano,Scene Description,He points out relative damage levels on a chart.
Volcano,Randy,Right now South Park is here.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,My God!
Volcano,Chef,"Mayor, some of the school children, are up camping, on that mountain, right now!"
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Ooh, this is big! Johnson, Johnson, are you there? [Beeps out.]"
Volcano,Ted,"Uhh, you just fired Johnson, Mayor. I'm his replacement, Ted."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Ted, we have got a major crisis here. I want you to get on the phone and call Inside Edition, Rescue 911-uh, and Entertainment Tonight-eh. [Thump.] Better get my stylist on the phone too. Don't worry, things are under control."
Volcano,Scene Description,Back on the Mountain. Jimbo is telling stories.
Volcano,Jimbo,"And then... Ned picked up the grenade and... BOOM, blasted his arm clear off. We spent three hours looking for that damn arm, but it was never to be found. Some say it's still crawling around to this day."
Volcano,Scene Description,"Ned extends his prosthetic arm towards Cartman as if to show that shot-off arm is now at the campsite, climbing on Cartman."
Volcano,Ned,Mmmowwwh.
Volcano,Scene Description,"Cartman flinches, and the others laugh."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Hah, got ya."
Volcano,Cartman,"Heh, tha-that's not scary."
Volcano,Kyle,You were scared Cartman! you almost peed your pants!
Volcano,Cartman,"Shut up, I didn't pee in my pants!"
Volcano,Jimbo,"Hey Ned, hand me that gin."
Volcano,Scene Description,Ned opens up the icebox and tosses a bottle to him.
Volcano,Jimbo,You boys want to tie one on?
Volcano,Kyle,"No, No thanks, that stuff tastes like pee."
Volcano,Stan,"Yeah, Cartman's pee."
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey, you would taste my pee!"
Volcano,Jimbo,What the hell's wrong with you? Can't you have a little alcohol?
Volcano,Scene Description,Kenny reaches for the gasoline can and chugs away.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Christ, look at that little bastard go!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Kenny hiccups.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Now you see that Stan? Now, now that is a dirty little bastard!"
Volcano,Stan,"Hey, I'm a dirty little bastard too."
Volcano,Cartman,Hey you guys. I know a scary story.
Volcano,Kyle,"Shut up, Cartman! You can't scare anybody!"
Volcano,Scene Description,"Softly, slowly, flashlight ready."
Volcano,Cartman,Oh yeah? Have you guys ever heard of [He turns his flashlight on his face for dramatic effect.] Scuzzlebutt?
Volcano,Stan,Whatabutt?
Volcano,Cartman,"Scuzzlebutt is a creature that lives up on this very mountain, and kills anybody who dares climb to the top."
Volcano,Stan,Why?
Volcano,Cartman,"Because, it loves the taste of blood, and likes to add pieces to its deformed body."
Volcano,Kyle,Deformed how?
Volcano,Cartman,"Well, on his left arm, instead of a hand, he has..."
Volcano,Stan,A hook.
Volcano,Kyle,A knife.
Volcano,Cartman,No! A piece of celery.
Volcano,Stan,Celery?
Volcano,Cartman,"Yeah, and he walks with a limp. Because one of his legs is missing. And where his leg should be, there's nothing but...Patrick Duffy."
Volcano,Kyle,"Patrick Duffy? Damn it Cartman, that's not scary!"
Volcano,Cartman,"What do you mean? Have you ever seen Step By Step? [Silence.] So he lives alone on this mountain, and weaves baskets, and other assorted crafts. They say that on quiet nights you can hear him weaving his baskets. Tashink ...tashink ...tashink."
Volcano,Stan,"Cartman, you suck at telling scary stories."
Volcano,Kyle,"Yeah, give me that flashlight."
Volcano,Scene Description,Kyle takes it and turns it off.
Volcano,Kenny,"(Hey, what's that?)"
Volcano,Scene Description,The volcano rumbles again.
Volcano,Kyle,What is that?
Volcano,Stan,Maybe it's Scuzzlebutt coming to weave us into wicker baskets.
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey, it might be!"
Volcano,Kyle,"Gosh, I hope he doesn't cut me with his celery hand."
Volcano,Scene Description,The others laugh.
Volcano,Cartman,Screw you guys! ...Go to Hell!
Volcano,Scene Description,Jimbo is now playing his guitar.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Hey Ned, why don't you whip out the ol' cancer kazoo? Let's do a little song."
Volcano,Ned,"Abumbayah my lord, kumbayah. Uumbayah my lord, kumbayah. Uumbayah my lord, kumbayah. [Uncle Jimbo cries] Mmmoh lord, Kumbayah. Emsomeone's crying my lord, Kumbayah Someone's crying my lord, Kumbayah..."
Volcano,Cartman,They don't think Scuzzlebutt is scary huh? Let's see how they like it when they actually see Scuzzlebutt! I'll scare the hell out of 'em tomorrow!
Volcano,Ned,"...Someone's crying my lord, Kumbayah. Moh lord, Kumbayah."
Volcano,Scene Description,Next morning. A rooster crows.
Volcano,Kyle,"Stan, Stan, wake up!"
Volcano,Stan,"What, dude?"
Volcano,Kyle,I don't know where Cartman is. I think something took him away.
Volcano,Stan,Where's my Uncle Jimbo and Ned?
Volcano,Kyle,They're out fishing with Kenny.
Volcano,Stan,"With Kenny? But, but this is supposed to be my camping trip. Why do they like Kenny so much? Doesn't he like me anymore?"
Volcano,Kyle,"Well Stan, you want to know what I think?"
Volcano,Stan,What?
Volcano,Scene Description,"Kyle farts, and is pleased with himself. Stan does nothing."
Volcano,Scene Description,In the fishing boat.
Volcano,Jimbo,"What a beautiful morning for fishing. There's one, there's a fish right there!"
Volcano,Scene Description,"He throws grenade, killing a fish."
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, got it."
Volcano,Scene Description,"Kenny throws a grenade, killing four fish."
Volcano,Jimbo,Great instincts boy.
Volcano,Scene Description,Stan runs to the side of the lake.
Volcano,Stan,"Uncle Jimbo, Cartman's missing!"
Volcano,Jimbo,Who? The fat kid?
Volcano,Stan,Yeah.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Ah hell, I guess we better go look for him. Ned, we got to cut it short. Fire out the 12-20!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Ned fires the load and a massive amount of fish float to the surface. The boat lands a second later
Volcano,Jimbo,"Well, I think that's about the limit for our fishing permit."
Volcano,Ned,[Rowing to shore.] Moh man it smells like dead fish here.
Volcano,Kenny,(A little like a vagina.)
Volcano,Ned,"Em-moh man, that is nasty."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Heh, I don't think I've ever seen a kid as cool as you Kenny. I'm making you... my honorary nephew."
Volcano,Kenny,(Thanks.)
Volcano,Scene Description,Stan's head drops.
Volcano,Scene Description,In front of city hall. The media is now present.
Volcano,Newscaster,"The people of South Park are humble and friendly. But now, a ticking time-bomb of hot lava waits to engulf these people and end their miserable lives with one last fleeting moment of excruciatingly painful burning agony."
Volcano,Crowd,Yeahhh.
Volcano,Scene Description,They sound more excited than agonized.
Volcano,Individual in crowd,"Hey, I'm on TV! I'm on TV!"
Volcano,Newscaster,"Mayor, what are you doing to prepare for this inevitable catastrophe?"
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"All we know right now is that some of our children [Sob-sob.] are camping on that mountain and... Oh, I'm sorry, can I start over?"
Volcano,Newscaster,Huh?
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Well you can edit this right? Ready, 3,2,1 [Melodramatically.] All we know right now is that some of our children are up camping on that mountain. We can't do anything until we get them. Okay people, let's go get those kids."
Volcano,Chef,Come on everybody. You got to help the children.
Volcano,Scene Description,On the mountain.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Uh, well, he couldn't have gone far, unless something drug him off."
Volcano,Ned,"There's not many animals out today, Jimbo, mmm."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Yeah, it's almost like something funny's going on."
Volcano,Scene Description,The volcano rumbles.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Christ, Ned, what'd you have for breakfast."
Volcano,Ned,Mm I don't know man. I've got some bad gas.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Wait, there's a ram! It's coming right for us!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Fires at the ram. Kenny takes over.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Nice shootin' Kenny. Here, you need a bigger gun."
Volcano,Kyle,Look!
Volcano,Cartman,"I am Scuzzlebutt, Lord of the Mountains. Behold my Patrick Duffy leg."
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, what is it?"
Volcano,Kyle,"Dude, it's Scuzzlebutt! Cartman wasn't lying."
Volcano,Jimbo,Holy crow! We could make a mint killing this thing.
Volcano,Ned,"We'll be on the cover of ""Guns & Ammo""."
Volcano,Jimbo,This calls for some HJ-14.
Volcano,Cartman,[To himself.] Heheh. Those guys are totally scared.
Volcano,Scene Description,Jimbo is now armed with twin shoulder rockets.
Volcano,Jimbo,Fire in the hoooole!
Volcano,Cartman,Holy crap!
Volcano,Scene Description,Cartman jumps out of the way. The rockets hit the mound and debris goes in all directions.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Damn it, I think I missed."
Volcano,Cartman,What the hell is wrong with you people?!
Volcano,Jimbo,"C'mon, let's move, move!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Cartman sees them coming and backs away.
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey, wait, aah!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Rescue Center.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Is, is it on? Okay. Okay people, form groups and search the mountain. Report back here every hour! You got that?!"
Volcano,Randy,"Mayor, I might have an uhh, idea."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Huh, what?"
Volcano,Randy,"Well if we can dig a very large trench, we can divert the lava into a canyon, and then it would bypass South Park pretty much completely."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"And, that would be good? Right?"
Volcano,Randy,Uh - pretty sure.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, what are we waiting for. Okay, people, change of plans! Half of you grab shovels!"
Volcano,Scene Description,On the mountain. Jimbo and the others have lost sight of Cartman.
Volcano,Jimbo,"These look like its tracks. He must have gone this way. Ned, prepare some HK-12 and some plasticine. I'll bet that sucker's headed for a higher elevation. The higher up it- BIRD!! [Shoots a bald eagle.] The higher up it goes, the better it can breathe."
Volcano,Kyle,"[Sees Cartman still dressed as Scuzzlebutt] Look, up there."
Volcano,Cartman,"You guys, it's just me."
Volcano,Jimbo,Are we sure it's Scuzzlebutt?
Volcano,Stan,Does it have Patrick Duffy for a leg?
Volcano,Jimbo,I can't tell; let's kill it!
Volcano,Cartman,"Eh, gotta get out of this stupid costume."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Kenny, you take the front."
Volcano,Stan,No!
Volcano,Scene Description,Stan takes the rifle from Kenny.
Volcano,Stan,I can do it Uncle Jimbo. I want to bag that animal!
Volcano,Jimbo,"That's the spirit, kiddo. Let's hunt!"
Volcano,Cartman,"You guys, you guys, I was just kidding!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Townspeople digging trench.
Volcano,Newscaster,"As some people of South Park try desperately to save their mountain town, others look for the missing townspeople. But all must take every precaution necessary."
Volcano,Scene Description,Rescue Center.
Volcano,Officer Barbrady,"Okay people, listen up. As we near the top of the mountain, the chances of our encountering some lava becomes great. Therefore, I have special-ordered this training film to assist us in volcano safety. Mr. Garrison, if you would please."
Volcano,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison starts the film.
Volcano,Host,"Harbingers of sorrow, natural disasters can be the cause of troubling and undesirable stress, and the volcano is no exception. But what should you do if a volcano erupts near you or your family? Here we see the Stevens family enjoying a [Film skips] May picnic, but suddenly daughter hears a noise. It's a volcano. Junior seems worried. But have no fear Junior, Jane learned in school what to do when you hear a volcano erupt."
Volcano,Scene Description,"Jane backs up, pulls out the blanket from under the food, and throws it over her family."
Volcano,Host,"That's right Jane, duck and cover."
Volcano,Scene Description,"She ducks under the blanket herself. The lava rolls over the family, causing no harm. The blanket flies off, revealing a sparkling family."
Volcano,Host,So what will you [Film skips] -do when you hear a volcano erupting?
Volcano,Scene Description,"Two boys on bikes look alarmed. They leap off their bikes and hit the street, duck, and cover their heads with their arms."
Volcano,Host,"That's right, duck and cover."
Volcano,Scene Description,"The lava rolls over the two, causing no harm."
Volcano,Host,Looks like you got the idea. Duck and cover. Thank you and goodbye.
Volcano,Officer Barbrady,"OK, any questions?"
Volcano,Chef,That has got to be the most ridiculous load of pig crap I have ever seen!
Volcano,Officer Barbrady,That's enough out of you!
Volcano,Scene Description,On the mountain. Cartman moves further up on the slope and turns around.
Volcano,Stan,I'm gonna bag Scuzzlebutt. Then we'll see who's the little bastard.
Volcano,Cartman,"Hey, seriously you guys!"
Volcano,Kyle,"[Hushed.] Kill it, Stan. Kill it. [Normally.] Come on Stan, kill it."
Volcano,Stan,"Ah, damn it, I can't do it!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Jimbo swats Stan behind the head.
Volcano,Jimbo,You pansy! give me that gun.
Volcano,Cartman,Hey!
Volcano,Stan,Cartman?
Volcano,Cartman,"Goddammit, don't shoot me!"
Volcano,Jimbo,What the Sam Hell?
Volcano,Cartman,"I was just trying to scare you guys, you can put the guns down now."
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, so much for the cover of ""Guns & Ammo""."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Yepper, but I think we've learned some important lessons Ned I think that-"
Volcano,Scene Description,Boom! Lava begins to bubble out and flow.
Volcano,Kyle,Whoa!
Volcano,Ned,"Mmm, holy crap."
Volcano,Jimbo,The mountain! It's blown it's top!
Volcano,Scene Description,A boulder of lava lands in front of Kenny.
Volcano,Kyle,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Volcano,Scene Description,Kenny steps out from behind the boulder.
Volcano,Kenny,"(Nope, I'm okay.)"
Volcano,Scene Description,Kenny sees his arm on fire.
Volcano,Kenny,(It-aah. It hurts! IT HURTS!)
Volcano,Scene Description,The boulder rolls onto Kenny.
Volcano,Kenny,(Ugh.)
Volcano,Scene Description,On the side of the mountain.
Volcano,Townsman 1,"Look, the volcano."
Volcano,Townsman 2,"Quick, duck and cover."
Volcano,Scene Description,"They do. The lava sweeps them down the mountainside, burning them to the bone."
Volcano,Scene Description,"At the base of the mountain, Jimbo and the others are moving quickly."
Volcano,"Kyle, Stan, Cartman",Aaaaah!
Volcano,Jimbo,That lava's coming right for us!!
Volcano,Scene Description,Behind them a river of lava charges down the mountain.
Volcano,Scene Description,Looking on from the edge of town.
Volcano,Chef,"Oh no, look."
Volcano,Scene Description,"At the trench. Jimbo and the others have made it out of the mountain, but their way into town has been cut off."
Volcano,Jimbo,What the hell is this trench doing here?!? We can't get across!
Volcano,Newscaster,"It now looks as if the missing children are trapped in the path of hot, nasty lava."
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"God, please deliver those darling kids from... Wait, wait wait wait. 3,2, and 1. God, please deliv-"
Volcano,Cartman,Help!
Volcano,Scene Description,Scuzzlebutt appears and scratches his belly.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Jimminy Pope, it's the real Scuzzlebutt!"
Volcano,Cartman,What?! Scuzzlebutt's real?!
Volcano,Kyle,Oh my God! Look at his leg!
Volcano,Patrick Duffy,"Hi kids, I'm TV's Patrick Duffy."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Quick Ned, shoot it!"
Volcano,Scene Description,"Ned aims, but no shot is heard."
Volcano,Ned,"Mmmoh no, out of ammo."
Volcano,Scuzzlebutt,Grrrr.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,What... is that thing?
Volcano,Chef,That's Scuzzlebutt.
Volcano,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, he has Patrick Duffy for a leg, and weaves baskets."
Volcano,Officer Barbrady,This isn't happening. Everyone look away please. Nothing to see here.
Volcano,Jimbo,"Well boys, I'm sorry I got you all killed."
Volcano,Scene Description,"Scuzzlebutt rips a tree from the ground, bites off a limb..."
Volcano,Kyle,Aaaaah!
Volcano,Scene Description,...and molds the tree into a-
Volcano,Stan,"Whoa, he built a wicker basket."
Volcano,Jimbo,"Hey, he's saving us."
Volcano,Scene Description,Scuzzlebutt puts the group in the basket and lifts them over the trench.
Volcano,Scuzzlebutt,Grrr.
Volcano,Liane,Scuzzlebutt saved the day.
Volcano,Randy,And my calculations worked: the lava is following the trench into the canyon.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,Hmmm. Where exactly does the canyon go?
Volcano,Randy,Uhh...
Volcano,Denver citizens,Aaaaah.
Volcano,Scene Description,South Park. The ordeal is over.
Volcano,Mr. Garrison,South Park is saved.
Volcano,Scene Description,Cheers go up.
Volcano,Kyle,"Hey look, Kenny's okay."
Volcano,Scene Description,Kenny appears on a mound nearby.
Volcano,Kenny,"(Hey guys, what's goin' down?)"
Volcano,Newscaster,And now these humble people can rejoice and celebrate their jovial victory over nature. I'm getting word that the chef of the school cafeteria wants to sing a song about this thrilling struggle of humanity.
Volcano,Chef,"Mmmm Baby every time that we kiss, Hot Lava! Every time that we make love, hot lava, Hot Lava! Lava so hot it makes me sweat, Lava so warm and red and wet, Lava! Brrrrrrrrrrrr."
Volcano,Newscaster,"Mayor, what do you have to say about this wonderful outcome?"
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, we owe everything to this friendly, yet misunderstood creature. Thank you Scuzzlebutt."
Volcano,Scuzzlebutt,Friend.
Volcano,Scene Description,Scuzzlebutt presents flowers to the Mayor.
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh, how sweet."
Volcano,Scene Description,Stan shoots scuzzlebutt.
Volcano,Stan,"I did it, I did it, I finally killed something."
Volcano,Scene Description,"He smiles, proud of himself. Unfortunately, this took place during a live report."
Volcano,Newscaster,Oh my God! What has he done?
Volcano,Mayor McDaniels,Turn off the cameras!
Volcano,Stan,"Hey, that was easy!"
Volcano,Patrick Duffy,Noooo! Why God? Why?!
Volcano,Jimbo,"Damn it Stan, you shouldn't have done that!"
Volcano,Stan,What?! Why?!
Volcano,Kyle,"Yeah, make up your mind, dude!"
Volcano,Jimbo,"Stan, some things you kill, and some things you don't. See?"
Volcano,Stan,No.
Volcano,Ned,"Moh, only now in this late hour do I see the folly of guns. Mmm, I'll never use a gun again, mmm."
Volcano,Scene Description,"Drops his gun, which fires one last shot as it hits the snow. Kenny is hit."
Volcano,Kenny,"(Oh, no!)"
Volcano,Scene Description,Rats are hot on the trail.
Volcano,Stan,"But I just wanted you to be proud of me, like you were with Kenny."
Volcano,Jimbo,"But Kenny's dead now, Stan, and you're always going to be my nephew. And you can't just kill anything. You understand?"
Volcano,Kyle,"Dude, I don't understand hunting at all."
Volcano,Stan,"Yeah, [He drops his gun.] it's stupid. Let's go watch cartoons."
Volcano,Cartman,"Yeah, cartoons kick ass! [All three leave.]"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Bus Stop.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Hey, where's the school bus? We're gonna be late for football practice."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,A dog walks up to the boys.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Hiya, Sparky."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,[Looking] Who's that?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,That's my new dog Sparky. He followed me to the bus stop.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Wow! Cool!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Good boy, Sparky. Who's my best buddy? Who's your boy? Who's your buddy?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Eh. You're making me sick, dude."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,He's part Doberman and part wolf. He's the toughest dog on the mountain.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,No way. Everybody knows that Sylvester is the toughest dog in South Park.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Sylvester,Arrrrrr.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,He's not meaner than Sparky.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Oh yeah? Let's see. Hey, Sylvester!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sylvester comes over.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Sparky'll kick his ass.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,I'll put a dollar on Sylvester.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"You're on, dude!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sylvester starts after Sparky. Both dogs growl.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"That's it, Sparky! Kick his ass!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Sparky lunges after Sylvester and out of view. Aggressive panting can be heard. The boys stand there, shocked."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Huh. He's doing something to his ass. He's not kicking his ass, but he's definitely doing something to his ass."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Sparky! Bad dog!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kenny,"(Oh my God, I think they're screwing.)"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,What?!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Yeah dude, I think your dog is gay."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,What do you mean?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,That dog is a gay homosexual.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Stan looks back to study the situation, then..."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,He's just confused.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,I think the other dog's the one that's confused.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kenny,"(No, check his penis.)"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Kyle smiles.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Sick, shut up dude!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky pants happily while Sylvester slinks away.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,Stan's dog's a homo. Stan's dog's a homo.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The bus pulls up.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Football Field, sideline before school."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Okay children, I know that you're all extremely excited, nervous and anxious about the homecoming game against Middle Park."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Who's Middle Park?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,What's homecoming?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"But just remember what I taught you. That football is like making love to a reeeeeally beautiful woman. You can't always score, but when you do, it makes all the trying worthwhile. [silence] Now, let's start practice."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Chef blows his whistle, and the kids hit the field."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"Uh, Mr. Chef, sir?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Yes Pip, what is it?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"Well, I still don't have a helmet."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"I know, Pip, the school can't afford helmets for everybody."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"Yes, but, couldn't we rotate who doesn't have a helmet every week? Does it always have to be me?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Yes, Pip, I'm afraid it does."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,Oh.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Sorry son, now get your ass in there."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Out on the playing field.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Hut-hut-hut-hut-hut-hut. Hut. Hut-hut-hut-hut-hut-hut-hut.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,[impatiently] Hike the damn ball!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Cartman hikes the ball over Stan's head. Stan chases it down. Kyle runs into Pip, opening a major gash on Pip's head."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,Aaaaaaaargh!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Jimbo and Ned arrive.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Hey, how's practice coming there, Chef?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"[distracted] Huh? Oh, fine, fine."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,I don't have to remind you just how important this game is to us South Park alumni.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Elementary school alumni?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,That's as far as most of us got. You think we have a shot at beating the spread against Middle Park this year?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,I don't know. Wha- what's the spread?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Middle Park by 70 points.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Hmmm...
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"They look towards the field, where Kenny tackles Cartman, causing him to drop the ball."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,I don't think we have a chance.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Nonsense! Not with my nephew at quarterback. [yells] Right Stanley?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan turns to see his uncle just as Cartman hikes.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Huh?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The ball hits him on the side of the head. He picks it up and throws to Kyle.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,Atta boy!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Great pass, Stan."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Come on Ned, we gotta get our asses to the bookie!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,On sideline after practice.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Okay. That was a good practice children. We'll see you here again tomorrow.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Hey Stan, isn't that your dog?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Yeah, he must have followed me to football practice. You see, he is smart."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Clyde,"Aw, my dog Rex follows me to football practice all the time."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Yeah, but my dog found his own way here. That makes him smarter than your- [sees Sparky lunge after Rex] Sparky, get down!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Clyde,Oh my God! What is he doing to my dog?!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,There he goes again.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Get down, Sparky! Down!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,Stan forgot to mention that his dog is a gay homosexual.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Clyde,Make him stop!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Rex moves away with his tail between his legs.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Rex,Yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe yipe!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Fosse and Bill pass by laughing.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Fosse,I'm sure glad my dog isn't gay.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Bill,"Yeah, maybe you should name your dog Sparkette, Stan."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Fosse,Gay dog.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"The bullies walk away laughing, while Sparky walks up panting."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's classroom. Start of school.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"...and so you see, Simon & Simon were not brothers in real life, only on television."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you for that presentation, Eric, but the assignment was on Asian cultures. You get a D-."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Ah, dammit!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Who should we call on next, Mr. Hat?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Hat,"Well, how about Stan, our little South Park quarterback star?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, good idea. Okay Stanley, you're next."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Um, I'm not really prepared either."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Well, just make something up, like Eric did."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Okay, uh... Asian culture has... plagued our fragile earth for many years. We must end it-"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,Excellent. A-.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,Eeyy!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Wow, cool!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Wait a minute, why the hell does he get an A-?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, Stanley just might lead our team to victory against the Middle Park Cowboys for the first time in decades. And we treat star athletes better because they're better people."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,That's not fair!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Hat,"Life isn't fair, kiddo, get used to it."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,Stupid puppet.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Dismissal bell rings.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Don't forget your assignments tonight children, they're due tomorrow for everybody but Stan."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,All students except Stan leave the room.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Mr. Garrison, can I ask you a question?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Well of course Stanley, what is it?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,What's a... homosexual?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Hoh, well, Stanley, I guess you came to the right person. Sit down."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan sits.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Stanley, gay people... Well. gay people are evil. Evil right down to their cold black hearts, which pump not blood like yours and mine, but rather a thick, vomitous oil that oozes through their rotten veins and clots in their pea-sized brains which becomes the cause of their Nazi-esque patterns of violent behavior. Do you understand?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I guess.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Mr. Garrison,"Good, I'm glad we could have this little talk, Stanley. Now you go outside and practice football like a good little heterosexual."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Bus stop. The boys get off the bus.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,You guys see me block that defense today? I was kicking ass.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,You're gonna need to kick more ass than that to beat the Cowboys.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Hey, speaking of pounding ass, here comes Stan's little homo dog."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Shut up, dude!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky comes up panting with a pink scarf on.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Sparky, where'd you get that pink scarf?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Sparky,"Bark, bark."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Man, that is the gayest dog I have ever seen."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"He just needs some training, that's all. Sit, Sparky."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky sits.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Good boy, now shake."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky shakes.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Good boy. Now, don't be gay."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan waits for the command to sink in.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Don't be gay, Spark. Don't be gay."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky looks at Stan with confusion and growls.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Did it work?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I don't know.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,He still looks pretty gay to me.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Bill,"Huh, huh."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Fosse,"Hey Stan, your dog been to any Pride marches lately?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Bill,"Huh huh, meh, yeah, maybe you should take him to a Barbara Streisand concert. [they laugh] Stupid little gay dog."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Fosse,Gay dog.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Come on you guys, I have an idea."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Sports Book, Ned and Jimbo enter. Two big-screen monitors show horse races. One of the five smaller screens above show a race as well."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,I want $500 on the South Park Cows.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Bookie,Are you crazy?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"No siree. I'm telling you, I got the line. My nephew Stan is the best quarterback the school has ever seen. I guarantee they'll beat the spread."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Gambler 1,I want to put all my money on the Cows.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Gambler 2,"Duh, duh, I think I'll put 300 on the Cows too if they guarantee it."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Gambler 3,"Hey, I want to put some money on the Cows too."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Female Gambler 1,I got 500 on the Cows.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Female Gambler 2,"Well, I'll put my money on the Cows."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't get too carried away now..."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Gambler 4,"You better be right about this, Jimbo."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Hehe, yeah. Don't- don't worry yourself."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,Are you sure Stan is that good?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"Not that sure. I think we better come up with a backup plan. Uhh, let's see here. Hey, bookie! Wha- what's the halftime show gonna be?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Bookie,You haven't heard?! John Stamos' older brother Richard Stamos is gonna sing 'Loving You'.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Ned,I love that song.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"'Loving You'? That's perfect! Come on Ned, Middle Park's gonna get a Halftime show they'll never forget."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"In front of Stan's house, a large crate sits next to the kids."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Okay Sparky, we got you a present. Now why don't-"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Stan notices a pink scarf on Sparky.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Damn it Sparky, where do you keep getting this thing?!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,He grabs the scarf.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"No pink bandannas Sparky, bad dog! Now pay attention. Sparky, this is Fifi."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"The crate opens and Fifi, a French poodle, comes out."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Ooh-la-la.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Fifi sniffs some. Sparky starts following her.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,There he goes!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Atta boy, Spark! Get her!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Sparky climbs atop Fifi.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Yes!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Sparky pulls Fifi's collar off and into the air, catching it around his neck."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Ah crap! Now what do I do?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Who cares if your dog is gay? Maybe it's not that bad.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"No way dude, my mom says God hates gay people. That's why he smote the sodomies in France."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kenny,(I think that Garrison said that gay people suck.)
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"I know Mr. Garrison said that homosexuals are evil, but, but Sparky doesn't seem evil."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Well, maybe Mr. Garrison is wrong. You should ask somebody else."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Like who?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Inside Stan's house, Jesus and Pals' title screen is on TV."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,TV Announcer,And now back to Jesus and Pals on South Park public access.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jesus Christ,"Yea, many of you are seeking answers, and I am the way for you my children. Let's open the phone lines back up for some questions... Hello caller, you're on the air. [Beep.]"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Robert,"Yeah, is, is this Jesus?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jesus,Yes my son.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Robert,"This, this is Robert from Torrey Pines. I called last week asking for advice on my ex-wife."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jesus,Of course Robert. How are things now?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Robert,"Well, every, everything's much better Jesus. She hasn't mouthed off since- I just wanted to thank you for the advice. Oh, and for, for dying for my sins, that was really nice of you."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jesus,"Blessed art thou, Robert. Next caller, you're on the air. [Beep.]"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"Uh, hi, Jesus. I, I have a dog, and he's a- he's a homosexual."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jesus,"My son, a lot of people have wondered what my stance on homosexuality is. So I'd like to state once and for all, my true opinion. You see-"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,The station's logo pops up.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,TV Announcer,"That's all the time we've left for Jesus and Pals, now stay tuned for Marty's Movie Reviews."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Damn it!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,What'd he say?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I got cut off for Marty's stupid Movie Reviews.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Cartman,"Oh, Marty's Movie Reviews are on, kick ass!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,Isn't there anybody who can help me? Isn't there anybody who cares?
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Come on dude, we have to get to practice."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,"No, it's not okay! I don't want a gay dog!"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Outside, Sparky overhears this."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Stan,I want a butch dog! I want a Rin-tin-tin!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,"Sparky grouses, digs a hole, and makes his way out of the yard. He wanders into the mountains, looks back once more, and is gone."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,On the sideline at practice.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Now children, we've got to handle the ball better. You got to hold your football like you hold your lover. [Music starts.] Gently, yet firmly. You wanna be both nurturing and clinging at the same time. Oh yeah! [Sinks into the mood.] Just like makin' sweet love to the football. Feelin' naughty with the football. Mmmm."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,"Uh, Chef?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Spank it, ever so gently."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Chef.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,Spank it.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Kyle,Chef!
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"Oh, uhuhh, sorry children. Uhuh, let's run some plays."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"Uh, Mr. Chef sir?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"No Pip, we still don't have a helmet for you."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"Righto, but how about I use a helmet today, and one of the other children goes without?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Chef,"That wouldn't be very fair to the other children, now would it?"
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Pip,"No um, I guess not."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Scene Description,Carl's Bombs And Explosives and Accessories.
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Jimbo,"What we wanna do here, Carl, is put a trigger on that bomb that makes it go off at a specific moment during halftime."
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride,Carl,What moment would that be?
