Chickenpox,Mr. Garrison,"And so, children, that's how you tell a prostitute from a policeman. Now, are there any questions?"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle raises his hand.
Chickenpox,Mr. Garrison,"Yes, Kyle?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,What the hell does that have to do with American history?
Chickenpox,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, that's a good question, Kyle. Are there any other questions?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, I'm the only one here. Everyone else has chicken herpes."
Chickenpox,Mr. Garrison,"Right, right. Uhh... Well, class, I'm going to assign you all a paper. The theme of the paper will be, ""How I would make America better."""
Chickenpox,Kyle,"What?! Does everybody have to do it, or just me?"
Chickenpox,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, don't worry, Kyle. I'm sending homework to all the children who are out sick. They'll have to turn in a paper, too."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital.
Chickenpox,Stan,Homework?! But I'm in the hospital!
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Well, your teacher sent this stuff over for you to do while you're sick."
Chickenpox,Stan,That son of a bitch! What kind of sick weirdo is he?
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Now, Stanley, I know at your age teachers can seem cold and heartless, but later, you'll understand that he did this for your own good."
Chickenpox,Stan,"Not Mr. Garrison, Ma. He really is a sick weirdo."
Chickenpox,Randy,"Yeah, it's-it's true, he is."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Oh. Well, anyway, here's a pencil and some paper."
Chickenpox,Stan,Wait! Where are you going?
Chickenpox,Randy,We're going down to-uhh Happy Burger for some milkshakes.
Chickenpox,Stan,Milkshakes?!
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Yeah, and then we're going to the movies."
Chickenpox,Randy,"See ya, son. [They leave.]"
Chickenpox,Stan,Weak!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle's house. Kyle is on the sofa working on his paper.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"""So this is how America works. We have gods and clods. My dad says America needs both rich and poor to survive, but I have a better idea."""
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle puts down the pen and paper and walks over to the kitchen.
Chickenpox,Sheila,"No I don't understand it, Dr. Schwartz, he's perfectly healthy."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Sheila is on the phone, Kyle is over by the microwave."
Chickenpox,Sheila,He's been over at Kenny's house three days in a row and still hasn't caught the chickenpox.
Chickenpox,Kyle,[Softly.] What?
Chickenpox,Sheila,"I don't know what else to do. We sent the other boys over and they all got sick, but I can't get my little Kyle to catch it."
Chickenpox,Kyle,[Frightened.] Oh my God!
Chickenpox,Sheila,"[Turns.] Kyle, what are you doing there, honey?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,[Angry.] You!
Chickenpox,Sheila,"[Subdued.] I'll call you back, Dr. Schwartz."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She hangs up.
Chickenpox,Kyle,You!
Chickenpox,Sheila,"[Walks over.] What, bubbeleh, what is it?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,You sent us over to Kenny's house on purpose! You wanted us to get sick!
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Oy. It was for your own good, Kyle. I wanted you to get chickenpox while you were young."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Why?! So I could be sitting in the hospital waiting to die, like Stan?!"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Now, Kyle, come here."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"You get away from me, you crazy woman!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He runs off.
Chickenpox,Sheila,Hoh boy.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Down by the riverside. Stuart and Gerald are fishing.
Chickenpox,Stuart,Beer?
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Huh? Oh, uh, no thanks, I brought my own. Microbrew sampler from Aspen. Has six different beers from local breweries."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stuart is expressionless.
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Sahay, remember that time we built the fort in your mom's back yard?"
Chickenpox,Stuart,Hu hu hu hu heh yeah. It took us damn near two years to finish it.
Chickenpox,Gerald,Hahah. Whatever happened to that old hunk o' junk? Haha--
Chickenpox,Stuart,[Soberly.] That's where I live now.
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Oh, right."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital. Stan is working on his paper.
Chickenpox,Stan,And so that's why Knight Rider was the best show in America.
Chickenpox,Kyle,[Rushing in.] Stan! Stan!
Chickenpox,Stan,[Pointing to Shelly.] Sshh. Wake her up and we're both dead.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"[Softly.] Sorry, sorry. You know how after we spent the night at Kenny's house and-and you and Cartman got sick with chickenpox?"
Chickenpox,Stan,Yeah.
Chickenpox,Kyle,Dude! Our parents sent us over there to get us sick!
Chickenpox,Stan,What are you talking about?
Chickenpox,Kyle,"They knew that staying at Kenny's house would get us sick, and they made us do it anyway."
Chickenpox,Stan,They did?
Chickenpox,Kyle,Yeah. And I think I figured out why.
Chickenpox,Stan,Why?
Chickenpox,Kyle,Because they're a bunch of assholes.
Chickenpox,Stan,[Long gasp.] Of course!
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Come on, dude. We've gotta get out of here. I don't know what they're planning next, but it can't be good!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"They rush out of the room, meanwhile, back at Cartman's house. Cartman is back in the tub, now working on his paper. Calamine lotion bottles line the tub and litter the floor outside."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"""I hope that one day America could be more like Endor, where the Ewoks live. Endor is very cool."""
Chickenpox,Scene Description,The doorbell rings.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Mom, answer that! ""They have trees and Ewoks, and barbecues, which is why I like Endor more than America. It's cool."""
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle and Stan rush into the bathroom.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Cartman, do you remember how we all spent the night at Kenny's a couple of days ago?"
Chickenpox,Cartman,I remember frozen waffles with no side dishes.
Chickenpox,Stan,"Cartman, our parents sent us over there to catch chickenpox from Kenny!"
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Yeah, dude. Your mom wanted you to have herpes on your face."
Chickenpox,Cartman,She what?!
Chickenpox,Stan,It's some kind of parental conspiracy. Our parents are trying to kill us or something.
Chickenpox,Cartman,That bitch! I'm gonna go downstairs and kick her square in the nuts!
Chickenpox,Kyle,"No-no-no-no. Come on, fatass, we're gonna get 'em all back."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Down by the riverside...
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Well, I'm sure you'll find another job soon. Something'll come along."
Chickenpox,Stuart,Not that easy. You were lucky.
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Now, now-I, I wasn't lucky."
Chickenpox,Stuart,You had rich parents. You got to go to that expensive community college.
Chickenpox,Gerald,Hey! I worked my ass off to get to where I am today! [Rising.] I wanted to be somebody!
Chickenpox,Stuart,"[Rising.] I wanted to be somebody, too! I just wasn't born with a silver enema up my ass!"
Chickenpox,Gerald,"You're just jealous. You're a bitter old drunk, just like your father!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stuart punches him down.
Chickenpox,Gerald,Ow!! [Gets up.]
Chickenpox,Stuart,Now don't make me do that again!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stuard hits him again.
Chickenpox,Gerald,Ow! You son of a bitch!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Gerald chokes Stuart. They start tugging at each other.
Chickenpox,Stuart,Uh!
Chickenpox,Gerald,Ow!
Chickenpox,Stuart,Oh!
Chickenpox,Gerald,Ow!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Gerald ends up on the ground again.
Chickenpox,Stuart,Eeaagghh!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stuart jumps and does an elbow drop on Gerald.
Chickenpox,Gerald,[In pain.] Huuuh!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital. Stan's parents are visiting.
Chickenpox,Randy,Doctor?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,Yes?
Chickenpox,Randy,Wh-where's Stan?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,Stan?
Chickenpox,Randy,"Stan, our son?"
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Oh, yes. Where is Stan?"
Chickenpox,Sharon,You mean Stanley's missing?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"No, no. He's not missing. We just... can't seem to find him at this moment."
Chickenpox,Sharon,[To Randy.] Oh my God! Our son ran away!
Chickenpox,Randy,Will he be okay out of the hospital?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Oh sure, sure. But we have to get him back soon. If he doesn't get his antibiotic shot today, he could die."
Chickenpox,Sharon,Die?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Yes, die. It won't be any easy death, either. The chickenpox will slowly move down his trachea into his lungs."
Chickenpox,Randy,"Okay, well well, let's go look--"
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"As he chokes for breath, the pox will move through his inner ear into his brain, making him think he's David Duchovny."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Oh God, no!"
Chickenpox,Randy,I'm-I'm sure he couldn't have gone far.
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Now moving on all fours and wheezing uncontrollably, his cellular structure will regress into a gelatinous mass of--"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Kyle's house. Sheila looks after Ike, who plays with a toy truck. Gerald enters. His entire outfit is torn, he has a black eye and his fishing line is all mangled."
Chickenpox,Sheila,So how was it? Did you boys have a good time fishing?
Chickenpox,Gerald,That son of a bitch ripped my parka!
Chickenpox,Sheila,Catch anything?
Chickenpox,Gerald,I just don't get it.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He drops the pole.
Chickenpox,Gerald,Why would he invite me fishing and then turn into a complete bastard?
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Well, darling, I have to tell you something. He didn't invite you. I set the whole thing up."
Chickenpox,Gerald,What? Now why the hell would you knowingly deceive me like that?
Chickenpox,Sheila,I thought it would be good for you.
Chickenpox,Gerald,Just like you deceived our son into going to Kenny's; and that didn't work either!
Chickenpox,Sheila,"[Exasperated, she leaves.] I'm doing the best I can!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Gerald picks up Kyle's paper on the sofa and looks over it.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"""My Final Solution by Kyle Broflovski."" ""My dad is the smartest guy in the whole wide world. He has taught me that all poor people are actually things called clods. I wanna live in a world of only gods, so my idea to make America better is put all the poor people into camps."""
Chickenpox,Gerald,What?!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"""If we get rid of them, there will be nothing but rich people. And there won't be any hunger, poverty, or homeless people. 'Cause they'll all be dead. The end."""
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Oh, God, what have I done?"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Chef's house. He's watching Terrance and Phillip. Terrance and Phillip are both on operating tables with only their heads and asses exposed.
Chickenpox,Phillip,"What's happening here, Terrance?"
Chickenpox,Terrance,We're doing an anal transplant. It's our only hope.
Chickenpox,Phillip,Who's the donor?
Chickenpox,Terrance,"I am, Phillip. I am."
Chickenpox,Phillip,"Terrance, you're giving up your ass for me?"
Chickenpox,Terrance,"Just half my ass. Can you believe it, Phillip? Best friends, and now we're going to share the same ass."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Someone is knocking on Chef's door.
Chickenpox,Chef,"Oh, damn it, not now!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Chef goes to answer the door. Stan, Kyle and Cartman wait."
Chickenpox,Chef,"Damn it! Children, what are you doing here? Terrance and Phillip are about to go into surgery!"
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Chef, we wanna know about herpes."
Chickenpox,Chef,What makes you think I would know anything about that?
Chickenpox,Kyle,Well I don't know. You're just the only grownup we trust.
Chickenpox,Stan,How does someone get herpes?
Chickenpox,Chef,Well you get it by sharin' relations with somebody who already has it. You have to be very careful around someone who has herpes.
Chickenpox,Kyle,Do you know anybody with herpes?
Chickenpox,Chef,"Well, there's old Frida down on Main Street. She has a mouthful of herpes. You need to stay away from her."
Chickenpox,Stan,But what if we want to give somebody herpes?
Chickenpox,Chef,"Oh, then, Frida's the right person to go to."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Cool! Thanks, Chef!"
Chickenpox,Chef,O-kay!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He closes the door and goes back to his armchair. The boys leave.
Chickenpox,Chef,Wait a minute. What the hell did I just do?
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Main Street. Randy and Sharon drive around looking for Stan.
Chickenpox,Sharon,Stanley?
Chickenpox,Randy,Stan?
Chickenpox,Sharon,"[Softly.] Oh, Stanley, where are you..?"
Chickenpox,Randy,Stan?
Chickenpox,Sharon,Stanley!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The car makes a right two blocks down, and the kids appear a block closer. They walk up the block and see an old redhead smoking a cigarette."
Chickenpox,Kyle,Are you old Frida?
Chickenpox,Frida,[Raspily.] Who wants to know?
Chickenpox,Kyle,Someone who wants a favor.
Chickenpox,Frida,"Ten dollars a lay, five dollars a b-- [Snorts.]"
Chickenpox,Kyle,"[To Stan, throws his hands up.] Huh?"
Chickenpox,Cartman,We want you to give our parents herpes.
Chickenpox,Frida,[Puffs out.] Five dollars.
Chickenpox,Stan,My dad has five dollars on top of his dresser. [Coughs.]
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Damn, you sound pretty sick. Maybe you should go back to the hospital."
Chickenpox,Stan,"And have Shelly kick my ass? No thanks. Plus, I have to get my parents back just as much as you do."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The Monkee's ""I'm a Believer"" plays. The boys hire Frida, and take her to each of their houses. First stop, Stan's house. She goes into the bathroom and uses Randy's and Sharon's toothbrushes. Stan and Kyle smile, then Stan gives a thumbs up in approval. In the kitchen, Frida chugs away at a jar of milk, then sends the milk right back into the jar. Next stop, Kyle's house. She goes into the master bedroom and uses Sheila's lipsticks. Then she goes to the kitchen and soils the silverware by putting each and every utensil under her armpits. Stan and Kyle jump for joy and high-five each other. Last stop, Cartman's house. She goes into Liane's room and pulls out some panties, then rubs them all over her face. Cartman jumps for joy. They all return to Stan's house, and she licks away at some wine glasses and the phone receiver. Stan and Kyle high-five each other again. Finally, they pay her and she leaves."
Chickenpox,Stan,"Thanks a lot, Frida!"
Chickenpox,Frida,[Hacks.] Don't mention it.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"She hacks again, pockets the money, and walks away."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"D-hude, this is gonna be so killer. They're all gonna get herpes!"
Chickenpox,Boys,Hooray!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stan coughs and the adults burst into the room. Fear strikes the boys.
Chickenpox,Randy,"Stanley, where the hell have you been?"
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Damn it, Stanley, you had us worried sick! You have to get back to the hospital for a shot!"
Chickenpox,Stan,[Hiding behind Kyle.] I don't wanna go back there.
Chickenpox,Randy,"[Coming for him.] Come on, we're taking you back to the hospital."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Randy drags him off.
Chickenpox,Stan,Don't you guys feel like brushing your teeth first?
Chickenpox,Randy,What?
Chickenpox,Stan,"You know, freshen up your breath."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Aw, man. [Tottering, eyes half shut.] I don't feel so good."
Chickenpox,Sheila,"[Pleased.] Oh good, maybe you finally caught the chicken--"
Chickenpox,Kyle,Ugh...
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Kyle falls back, passing out."
Chickenpox,Sheila,Kyle!!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital. All four boys are now in recovery.
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Well, I hope you boys learned your lesson. Going out and playing around with chickenpox almost killed you all."
Chickenpox,Kyle,We're sorry.
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Well just be thankful we got you here in time. Your parents are here to see you, I'll send them in."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"This itches! Give me some of that calamine lotion, Cartman."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Hell no, you guys get your own!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The parents enter, they all have herpes sores on their faces, well except Liane for some reason..."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Stanley, how are you feeling today, son?"
Chickenpox,Stan,Pretty good.
Chickenpox,Sharon,[Cheerfully.] The doctor says that maybe you can go home tomorrow.
Chickenpox,Randy,"Yeah. Isn't that great, Stanley?"
Chickenpox,Stan,"Wow, coo-hul!"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"And how are you, Kyle?"
Chickenpox,Gerald,Are you doing okay?
Chickenpox,Kyle,I'm better now.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He and Stan start laughing.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"What's so funny, you two?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,We gave you guys herpes.
Chickenpox,Sheila,What-what-whaaat?! You did this?!
Chickenpox,Stan,We got you back for getting us sick. We had a prostitute use your toothbrushes and stuff.
Chickenpox,Randy,I can't believe you gave us herpes. You little rascals!
Chickenpox,Sharon,"[To Randy.] Well, I guess it serves us right. [To the boys.] Kids, we should have honest about wanting you to get chickenpox."
Chickenpox,Sheila,It's true. We were wrong for deceiving you about it.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Liane walks over to Cartman.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Hey, how come you don't have sores on your lips, Ma?"
Chickenpox,Liane,"Ooh, I have them somewhere else, poopiekins."
Chickenpox,Cartman,Hooray!
Chickenpox,Gerald,"And, uh Stuart, I think I owe you an apology. I realize that I shouldn't be so cold towards people that are less fortunate than me."
Chickenpox,Stuart,"Aww hell, I'm sorry, too."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip is on. The anal transplant surgery was a success.
Chickenpox,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip, I'm so glad everything turned out for the better."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He farts high and laughs.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Well, I know one thing for sure."
Chickenpox,Liane,"What's that, Eric?"
Chickenpox,Cartman,We're all gonna need a lot more calamine lotion.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"All the boys start laughing, then the parents join in. The doctor stands by Kenny and doesn't laugh. Kenny laughs, but drops dead. The meter flatlines and a long, steady note is heard. All stop laughing."
Chickenpox,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Chickenpox,Kyle,You bastards!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Stan laughs, then Kyle, then everyone else, including Kenny's parents. End of Chickenpox. ""I'm A Believer"" plays."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"A television is on, near the end of an episode of Barnaby Jones."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Police commissioner,"Well, detective. It looks like ya fooled them again."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Barnaby Jones,"[Now quite old.] All in a day's work, I guess. I just hope that next time, I won't have to run so much."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The end credits roll and the TV is turned off. The camera backs up to reveal that the TV is in Mr. Garrison's class.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, what do you think Barnaby Jones meant when he said, ""This is not a victimless crime""? Anybody? [The kids just stare at him.] Children, were you paying attention?!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, we've been watching Barnaby Jones repeats for eight days now. It's hard to keep paying attention."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, well excuse me, Kyle! Why don't you just forget what Barnaby Jones has to say?! Why don't you not pay attention to Barnaby Jones and then let's see how far you get in society?! Okay, Stanley, why don't you tell us how Barnaby Jones knew the poison was in the milk?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Can't we just be like normal third-graders for a little while?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, and what do you consider normal?!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"I don't know, like, learn about art 'n music and go on field trips and stuff."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Yeah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants, it just so happens we are going on a field trip tomorrow!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Hooray!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,To where?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,To the planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,AAWWWW!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Planetariums suck!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh now, what's wrong with the planetarium?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,It's boring.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Yeah, all the constellations look alike."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, too bad! You're all going to the planetarium tomorrow and you're all going to love it! In the meantime, we're going to watch episode #203, Barnaby Under Siege."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,[Softly.] Aawwww.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, sorry, I taped these at home, so there's more commercials."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,A Cheesy Poofs commercial begins to play. A blonde wearing a Cheesy Poofs shirt is shown hiding something off camera.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"Hey kids, do you love Cheesy Poofs?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She pulls out the box.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Yes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"Well, Cheesy Poofs is looking for a kid to sing the happy Cheesy Poofs song. Watch for our talent van as it goes around the country."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I can sing the Cheesy Poofs song!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"If you win, you could be picked to be in our next Cheesy Poofs commercial. So remember, I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Cheesy Poofs If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be lame."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman is singing along by the end of the first line.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The next day. Mr. Garrison and the class are headed away from South Park on Ms. Crabtree's bus. The kids are making a lot of noise and running around. Mr. Garrison stands at the front of the bus.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's quiet down so the nice bus driver can concentrate on the road."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Ms. Crabtree,THAT AIN'T HOW YOU DO IT! YOU DO IT LIKE THIS: SIDDOWN AND SHUT UP!!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison jumps back and the kids hurry to their seats.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"[Rubbing the back of his head.] Ow! Jesus, lady!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Tantalus V. Observatory. Ms. Crabtree hits the brakes so hard the bus bucks and sends kids flying out of their seats.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Ms. Crabtree,"THIS IS THE PLANETARIUM, WATCH YOUR STEP ON THE WAY DOWN SO AS NOT TO HURT YOURSEELF!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kid,[Voice quivering.] Ow.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The kids have all exited the bus.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, now I'm going to remind you that this is a planetarium, not a Bangkok brothel. Let's behave ourselves."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,[Over a loudspeaker nearby.] Does your child have what it takes to be the next Cheesy Poofs anthem singer?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The Cheesy Poofs talent van is in the observatory parking lot. It is a shaped like a rocket on wheels. A sound system with towering speakers is set up next to it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey, there it is!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,We're going around the country to find the kid who can sing the Cheesy Poofs song better than anybody.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I can sing the Cheesy Poofs song with both hands tied behind my back!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"You couldn't get both arms behind your back, fatass!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Come on, Eric. We're going to the planetarium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,But I'll have to sing the Cheesy Poofs song for that talent va-a-an!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"No, you have to go in this building and see a bunch of stupid stars! Now, come on!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The rest of the class moves away.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Whining.] But I wanna sing the Cheesy Poofs song on the commercial!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The class enters the observatory, and some of the students are awed by it all."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,A Boy,"Wow, don't you...?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,A Girl,What is that?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Hello, children. My name is Dr. Adams. Welcome to the plane'arium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,I thought it was planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, it is. But I have a bone disease which impedes my ability to pronounce the ""t"" in ""plane'arium""."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,That's a pretty weird bone disease.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Yes. Perhaps someday I can get a bone-marrow transplant.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman has his hand up.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Yes, little boy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,How long is that Cheesy Poofs van gonna be outside?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well I don't know. But anyway, boys and girls, soon you'll be witnessing the wonders of the universe. But first, I wanna show you how the plane'arium works."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,As if we care.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Kyle notices a young brunette with a clipboard walking in.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Hey, who are you?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Ughuh, little Missy here runs the big projector for us."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Missy,I love my work.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Whoa, dude! You're only as old as us; shouldn't you be in school?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Missy,I love my work.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Her eyes are glazed over. Stan and Kyle notice this and look at each other.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Come on. Let's get into the plane'arium, shall we?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,In the planetarium proper. The class sits in a small theater and Dr. Adams is in a small room behind the class. Another kid works some controls on a machine on the theater floor.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Good morning, children, and welcome to the plane'arium. We're going on a fascinating ride through the universe, so I want you to lean back in your chairs and get comfortable."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"All the seats lean back on their own, so they have no choice."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,This is stupid.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And now I'm going to dim the lights and let the stars... eh-come out.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The dome darkens and some faint stars appear.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,[Not amused.] Whoopie.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Here we see the constellation called, ""The Big Dipper"". If I project a drawing of a big dipper on top of it...[Very softly.] a-hah [The drawing appears, connecting the stars.] ...we see where this constellation gets its name. These stars over here form the constellation of Taurus, the Bull..."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The drawing of a bull appears.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"...while these stars form the constellation, ""Roger Ebert""."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,An outline of Roger Ebert's face appears with a thumbs down.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And these two little stars over here form the constellation The Crusades.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,From the two stars comes an elaborate drawing of crusaders storming the city of Jerusalem. Stan looks over at the kid on the floor and notices the same glazed-eye look Missy has.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Now, stars are actually made of hot gas, which is exactly what comes out of..."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Aw man, screw this."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman gets up and leaves the room. Dr. Adams turns an ""Intensity"" dial to 9."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And now breathe deep as the stars sloowwly start to move in little circles.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The kids are getting mesmerized by them.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"I know you think plane'ariums are boring, but I'm gonna try to change the way you think about that."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, outside, tryouts are underway. Cartman stands behind a boy currently singing for the talent van."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Boy,"...you love Cheesy Poofs If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be lame."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"That was great, Tommy. Tommy Fritz from Torrey Pines! He could be our winner."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Excuse me, but I do believe that sucked ass!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"Oh, and what's your name, little boy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Eric Cartman.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,"Alright, here's Eric Cartman giving it a shot."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The cameraman starts filming, Cartman shoves Tommy aside, who falls down."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Tommy,Aaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Clears his throat and affects a tenor] I love Cheesy Poofs you love Cheesy Poofs If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs we'd be lame. I'm talkin' Night-Court-in-it's-fifth-season lame-aaaahh!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Announcer,[Slapping his palm to his head] Wow!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Thaat's right, suck on that."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The planetarium doors open and the class exits.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, kids, how did you like the planetarium?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Oh, man, I don't feel so good."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Me neither, but... I loved the planetarium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Me too. It was sweet.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,Really? What did you like best about it?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,I don't know. I don't even remember what happened.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,[Tallying.] Wait a minute. Where is Eric?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Happily popping by.] I did it! I did it!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Did what?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I got a call-back for the Cheesy Poofs song!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,You snuck off and sang that stupid song?!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Yeah, dude, but I got in the finals for tomorrow!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"[Now at the door.] Goodbye, children. Thanks for visiting. Don't forget: we have Laser Rock shows at night here at the plane-'arium. This week it's Laser Kenny Loggins and Laser James Taylor."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The class is on the bus going back to school.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,My head still feels funny.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, mine too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey you guys, when I'm done with that- Cheesy Poofs commercial, I bet I get all the free Cheesy Poofs I want."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Like you really need it, hippo-ass!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"[With some pity.] It's sad how jealous you are, Kyle. It really is."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,A boy pops out from the seat behind Cartman in front of Stan and Kyle.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Boy,Waaaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,"Stan, Kyle",AAAAAH!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Whoa, dude! Who the hell are you?!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Boy,[Haltingly.] My... name... is... vvan... G-gelder.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Van Gelder?? What the hell are you doing on our bus?! Mr. Garrison, there's some freaky kid from the planetarium on our bus!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, great! Well I guess we have to go back!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,[In a state of panic.] Nnno! Nn-don't go back! Nnno!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey, be careful, asshole!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Eegh! Don't take me back there!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"He drops down, then comes back up."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,I can't... can't...
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Alright, dude. Mellow out, jeez!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Aaaagghh.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Van Gelder passes out and falls to the floor.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"[Quickly at his side.] We've better get him to the nurse's office, stat!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The nurse's office. Van Gelder has been strapped down. Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, and Nurse Gollum are present."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,[Very agitated.] Aagh! The planetarium! Haah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,I'll give him a pain killer. That should calm him down.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nno! Nnno pain killer! I'll be okay!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Okay uh van Gelder-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nnnaaaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"-okay uh I'm Counselor Mackey. Have you been smokin' marijawana? Marijawana's bad, mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Eh must... tell... the machine. The machine is... e-e-e-ghe gheh-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Van Gelder collapses.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Well, I've never seen anything like this. What do you think, principal?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Principal Victoria,"Well, whatever happened to him happened at the planetarium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Haah! Planetarium!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Principal Victoria,I think tonight the planetarium is doing Laser Loggins. I might have to check it out.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nnaaah!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Later that night, at the planetarium, Laser Loggins is underway. ""Footloose"" plays and Laser displays of feet dance around the ceiling."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Principal Victoria,"Oh, man, this is boring!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Man,"Yeah, who the heck finds this stuff interesting?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The camera pans to two teen boys, who look like stoners, sitting in the next section by themselves."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 1,"Dude, this is totally killer."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 2,"I hope this goes on for like, seven months, man."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"In the booth, Dr. Adams goes to his controls and turns the intensity dial to 8.5, ""Footloose"" fades, and the lasers close into a narrow beam."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,You will not remember what happened here. To remember it will cause incredible pain.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He turns the dial to 9.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Incredible pain!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He turns the dial even further.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Incredible icky paaiin!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 1,"Dude, I'm totally tripping."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 2,This is totally killer.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the next day. The school bell rings."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, today we're going to learn all about Japanese poems called haiku. A haiku is just like a normal American poem, except that it doesn't rhyme, and it's totally stupid. For example- Uh, where is Eric Cartman?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,That's a haiku?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"No, I'm asking why Eric Cartman isn't at school."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Oh.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,Was he on the school bus this morning?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,No.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"[counting off the syllables] Fatass Cartman was not on the school bus today. What a big, fat turd."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Hoh, very good haiku, Kyle. Yes- haikus have five syllables, then seven, then five. Kenny, can you give us another example?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,"(When you rub your dick, you might find a discharge that winds up on the floor.)"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The class roars with laughter.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Yeah. What's a discharge?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, since haiku sucks so much ass, could we go to the planetarium again?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, I wanna go to the planetarium again, too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,But you were just there! Why do you wanna go again so soon?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"[Stumped, then to Kyle.] Yeah, why do we wanna go again so soon?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,I dunno. I just have this sudden urge to go back.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I guess we could go again, since it's just down the street."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman enters the classroom, a rolled up paper in his hand, full of himself."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Well, hello, it's all my little friends with all their little dreams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, where have you been?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Let's see, where have I been, where have I been?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Where have you been, Cartman?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Wweell, I might have been over at the Cheesy Poofs call-back, winning regional championship!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He unfurls the paper.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Whoa!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The paper reads, ""Cheesy Poof Anthem Regional Champion"""
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"This is my regional championship certificate! Do you like it? [Now taunting.] Hey, where is your regional championship 'tificate, Clyde? Oh, you don't have one?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Clyde looks crestfallen.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hmmm. Do you have a regional certificate, Wendy? Nno?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Wendy scrunches her face.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Apparently, only I do."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Ass full of pork fat jiggles like a Jello mold. Mouth is flapping, too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Your haiku insults have no effect on me, Kyle. I'm regional champion."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Does that mean you're gonna be on that Cheesy Poofs commercial?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,It's between me and four other kids. I'm on my way now with my mom to the finals.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,I bet you don't win. They don't let big fat asses perform on TV.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Very good, Kyle."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Shut your God-damned mouth or else I'm... gonna... kick you square in the balls... ass-hole Aw, damn it!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Over in Nurse Gollum's office, Van Gelder is still strapped down. Mr. Mackey stops by."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Um. How's he doing, nurse?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"He's stable, but I still can't get any information out of him. I'm gonna sedate him now."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nno! No drugs.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Drugs are good, mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Nno! Don't let them g-go... planetarium!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"But why, van Gelder?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,The machine. The machine is aaaah.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"He stiffens, then collapses."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,The machine is aaaah? Uh that's probably bad.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"He's been talking about ""the machine"" for hours. That and Daisy Fuentes."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,Wha- why in America's Funniest Home Videos? Why?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, there's only one way to get any sense out of him. We're gonna have to try a mind meld, mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,A what?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Well, it's an ancient technique handed down from school counselor to school counselor. I don't like to use it, but it may be our only hope."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,"Well, what will you need?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Just time to prepare, nurse. Just time. [Oh, the tension!] Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Tantalus V. Obsevatory. The class is back.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, children, I'm so glad you came back to learn more."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,They just begged to come back; I couldn't get them to shut up about it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, I'm sure we're going to have a marvelous time. Won't we, children?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Yes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The two stoner teens appear, now dressed as employees and with their eyes glazed over."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 1,"This way, please."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Teen 2,Enjoy your visit.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle look at each other. Moments later, the class is in the theater, looking at the laser show."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Billions of stars and billions of galaxies make up our universe. Here you see Polaris, the dog star."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison gets up and walks by Dr. Adams in the control booth.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,I'm just gonna step outside and go weewee.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Certainly, Mr. Garrison."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Dr. Adams watches him leave, then quickly turns intensity dial up to 9. The stars brighten and dance rapidly."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,You love the planetarium! To be without the planetarium causes you horrible pain! All you want to do is help the planetarium thrive! To not do so makes your stomach ache with needlelike stab-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He quickly turns down the intensity upon seeing Mr. Garrison enter the theater. He gestures at his next item.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,...and right over here we see the constellation Orion.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison gives him a thumbs up and Dr. Adams waves at him weakly.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Orion's belt is made up of three stars, one of which is actually a pulsar..."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Dude, what just happened?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,What do you mean?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Come on, we've gotta get out of here before something bad happens."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cheesy Poofs Call Backs Today! Cartman and his mom wait with the other finalists and their parents on sofas in the front office. Cartman is picking at his nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Don't pick your nose, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I wasn't picking it-I had an itch, for cryin' out loud!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,Don't be nervous. I'm sure you'll win.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I don't know. There's a lot of competition here.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette,"Do you think I might win, Mommy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette's mother,"I hope so, honey. Then perhaps we can eat for a little while."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman thinks for a second then gets up on the sofa and points out the window.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hey, look! They're giving away bread outside!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette,"[Gasps.] Did you hear that, Mommy?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cosette's mother,Come on! Perhaps we can get some food in our stomachs!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,They rush outside. Cartman follows them to the door and closes it behind them.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Sike!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Back at the planetarium, Stan and Kyle are standing outside, the doors open and the rest of the class straggles out."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,[Noticing them.] What the hell are you boys doing? You're supposed to be in there.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Mr. Garrison, we think that the planetarium guy is-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Sshh!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Dr. Adams appears at the door.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Goodbye, children. Thanks for coming."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Clyde,[Insistently.] I wanna go again. I wanna go again!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, for Pete's sake, Clyde. You just went!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Well, Clyde, if you like the plane'arium so much, perhaps you'd like to do some volunteer work here."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Clyde,"Yes. Yes, please!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Butters Stotch,Me too!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Annie Knitts,Me too! I wanna do it! I'd love to work here.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,A girl,I'd like to tape the show!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Wendy,"Yeah, me too! Me too!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Fosse,"Yeah, me tohohoo. Plahanehetaharium's gahahay!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The rest of the class chimes in.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Mr. Garrison?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I guess I could give them extra credit for it."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Excellent! Why don't we step over here and I'll show all you children how to volunteer.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Class,Hooray!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"All the kids but Stan, Kyle, and Kenny follow Dr. Adams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Dude, this isn't right."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Why?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"We're kids, dude. We don't volunteer for anything."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Oh, yeah."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Come on, we've gotta see what's going on in there."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, and Kenny go back inside and enter the control booth."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Here's the control panel that operates all the stars.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Kenny, you go out there and tell us what you see."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Kenny leaves the booth and goes and sits in a seat.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,(Okay. Got to have some huggin'.)
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,He hits this switch-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Stan moves the intensity dial to 1 and the power comes on. The lights go down.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,(I don't see anything.)
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"You see? Nothing, dude. Just a bunch of stars."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, I guess so."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Stan moves the intensity to 4. The stars start to revolve.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kenny,"(Whoa, dude.)"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,What does that do?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,I don't know.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan moves intensity to 7.5, Kenny shakes audibly."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,Kenny! What's it doing?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Kenny can't answer. He just shakes more and more violently.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"This says ""maximum."""
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan moves Intensity to 10. Kenny shakes more violently, and finally explodes. Stan and Kyle look."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Oh my God, we've killed Kenny!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,We're bastards!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Stan turns off the power and races with Kyle to Kenny's remains.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Dude, I told you something was up with this place!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Rats start to work on the corpse.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"We've gotta go tell somebody, quick!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Back at the casting office, the finalists are showing their best."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Tommy Fritz,(clap clap clap) -G-O (clap clap ---) -G-O and Bingo was his name-o Was a farmer'o had a dog and Bingo was his name-o (clap clap clap-clap) O (clap clap clap-clap clap) O (clap clap clap-clap clap) O and Bingo was his name-o Was a farmer'o had a dog and Bingo was his name-o (clap) ING (clap) ING (clap) and Bingo was his name-o
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He finishes with a flourish and a bow.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"[Applauds.] Thank you... uh, Peter. We'll let you know very soon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Peter leaves the room.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"Next will be uuh, Eric Theodore Cartman."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Liane enters with Cartman and a boom box.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Hello, everybody. [To Cartman.] Now, just do it like we rehearsed, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I know, I know!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Liane goes to a sofa and plays a tape while Cartman goes before the judges and clears his throat.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"She works hard for the money So hard for it, honey She works hard for the money, so you'd better treat her right."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He rips off his jacket and reveals a sky blue sequined vest and bowtie - and his belly button. The judges are surprised.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"She works hard for the money So hard for it, honey She works hard for the money, so you'd better treat her right."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"He moonwalks, then faces the judges again. End of performance."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"[Long pause.] Well, Eric Cartman, that certainly was... insane."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Thank you.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,We'll let you know.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,Thank you.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She and Cartman reach the door. Cartman is covering his nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Don't pick your nose, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I'm not pickin' it ma! God damn it, I have an itch!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,They leave and close the door behind them.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"Jesus, where do we find these people?!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. In the nurse's office, Mr. Mackey is mind-melding with Van Gelder."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Our minds are one. Mkay? Our thoughts are one. Mkay?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,This is the strangest thing I've ever seen!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Please, nurse, for a woman with a dead fetus on your head, you're not being very open-minded."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He goes back to concentrating.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Open your mind to your counselor. Open your mind.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder,[Responding to the mind-meld.] Dr. Adams.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Yes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,He owns the planetarium. What about him?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder & Mr. Mackey simultaneously,He uses the machine. The star machine.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Mkay?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder & Mr. Mackey simultaneously,He uses it to erase minds.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,But why?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Van Gelder & Mr. Mackey simultaneously,"Planetarium, about to go out of business. Adams had to create slaves to survive."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,My God! This is amazing!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Abuh. Please, nurse, you're throwin' off my chi! Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Casting Office. The results are in.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,"Well, we'd certainly like to thank all our finalists. Only one of our finalists can win the grand prize and... unfortunately, that finalist is Eric Cartman."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Triumphantly.] Yes! I'm the best!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Center judge,You were actually our last choice. Uh the other children have unexpectedly taken jobs as volunteers at the planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Blonde judge,That's odd.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,[Joyfully.] Sweeet!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,News 4 Special Report.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Tom,It appears that more and more South Park residents are discovering the wonder and joy of the planetarium. Here with a special report is a 34-year old Asian man who looks strikingly similar to Ricardo Montalban.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Asian reporter,"Thanks, Tom. Yes, indeed, the planetarium has become very popular as word spreads that it really isn't as lame and stupid as one suspected. I'm here with the planetarium operator, Dr. Adams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Thank you. I'd like to open an invitation to all South Park residents to come see a special free show this evening. I guarantee, it will change the way you think about the plane'ah-arium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Asian reporter,"So, bring the whole family to the plane-*tarium* for a night of excitement and wonder."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,South Park Police Department. Stan and Kyle are inside talking to Officer Barbrady.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"...and then we turned the dial, and Kenny went into a kind of hypnosis."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"That's a pretty far-fetched story, boys."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"But it's true, dude!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Are you boys sure you're not just making this all up?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Yeah, pretty sure."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Well, just as soon as I handle all the other crime in South Park, I'm gonna go with you to the planetarium so I can prove that nothing's wrong."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,What other crime in South Park?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, yeah. Let's go."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Time for Cartman's big debut.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Okay. Let's shoot the commercial. Where's our Cheesy Poof talent?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I'm over here.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman is dressed as a Cheesy Poof.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Oohh, you look great, hon. Mommy's fat little piggy."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Aay!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,A stagehand escorts Cartman to the Cheesy Poof backdrop before the camera.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Let's hurry. This costume is hot.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,"Okay, roll camera, aaand action."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I love Cheesy Poofs, you-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"Oh wait, wait."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She runs in with a handkerchief.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"You've got a little eye booger, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, Mom, for Pete's sake!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She wipes it off.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,Got it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,She moves off the stage.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Aaand action.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,I love Cheesy Poofs-
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Hold it! Cut! Could we get some more light on that backdrop?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stagehand,Sure thing.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He adjusts the lighting.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, man, c'mon!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stagehand,Got it.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,"Okay. Here we go, aaand action."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Chee-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,Cut!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,What?!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Director,I'm not liking the shoes. Could we change the shoes?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, God damnit!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady, Stan, and Kyle show up at the planetarium. Officer Barbrady knocks and the door opens."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Oh. Hello, officer of the law."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Hello, Mr. Planetarium Operator."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,What brings you out here?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Well, these boys seem to think you're some kind of sick weirdo that's got a master plan to screw with the minds of everyone in town."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady starts laughing.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Oh, really?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Dr. Adams leans forward menacingly. The boys huddle close to Barbrady.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Yeah. I just thought I'd come show them around so they'd know there's nothing to be scared of.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady advances, but Dr. Adams blocks the door."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Actually, this is a pretty inopportune time."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Okay, I'll be quick, then."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Of course, officer. Come on in."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Officer Barbrady and the boys enter. What they see inside is something else. Kids, Bebe among them, are sweeping and cleaning the exhibits. Chef is helping out, too. All of them are wearing gray planetarium suits."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Chef,"[In a low monotone.] Hello, children."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Oh, no! They got Chef, too!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Chef,Welcome to the planetarium.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Well, it's nice to see you finally got a real job, Chef."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Chef,"[Slowly, mechanically.] I love my work."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Oh I know what you mean. I've always loved the planetarium, too."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Would you like to see the stars, officer?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,"Stan, Kyle",No!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,That would be super-duper!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He walks into the theater with Dr. Adams.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Don't do it, Officer Barbrady!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman's house. He's calling everyone he knows...
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Elderly Woman,[On the phone.] Hello?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Hi, Grandma. It's me, Eric."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Grandma,"Oh, hello, Eric. Grandma sure has missed you."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"I just wanted to remind you that I'm gonna be on television tonight, so be sure to watch."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Grandma,"Oh, I will, Eric. You know, I remember when I was a little girl and had my first talent show audition for-"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Okay, bye."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He dials the next number.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Marshes' Answering Machine,Hello? The-uh Marshes aren't in right now. Please leave a message.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Stan? I'm gonna be on TV tonight. Be sure to watch.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He dials another number.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,The Broflovskis' Answering Machine,"Hello, you've reached the Broflovskis. Please, leave a message."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Where the hell is everybody?! I'm gonna be on TV tonight. You guys better not miss it!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Back at the planetarium...
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,And this is the constellation called Cassiopeia.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, neato!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"[Turning intensity up to 8.5] And now, officer, from this moment on, you will think that you are Elvis Presley."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Who?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,To not be Elvis will cause you great pain.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,Pain.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"You see, children? There's no stopping me. Even your highly intelligent policemen are no match for me."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,He's not highly intelligent.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,"Why are you doing this, dude?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"Why? Because nowadays kids have computers, surround-sound television. They've forgotten all about plane'ariums. But I'll make them remember, starting with the two of you!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman's house. He's watching the TV for his commercial.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Voice-over,Terrance and Phillip will be right back after these announcements.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Oh, dude, here it comes!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cheesy Poofs Commercial,"Packed full of ingredients, Cheesy Poofs can really give you that quick pick-me-up. So remember, [A dancing Cheesy Poofs box appears.] I love Cheesy Poofs, you love Cheesy Poofs [The box opens and Cheesy Poof pour out.] If we didn't eat Cheesy Poofs, we'd be- [The Cheesy Poofs rain down on a pile of Cheesy Poof in which children swim.]"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cheesy Poof Cartman,Lame.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Voice-over,And now back to Terrance and Phillip.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Yes! Yes, that was me! I was on television!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey and Nurse Gollum burst through the planetarium doors. Mr. Mackey is pissed. Facing them are Dr. Adams, Officer Barbrady, Stan, Kyle, and the two stoner teens."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Aha! Caught you red-handed! Mkay!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Mr. Mackey!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Officer Barbrady, uh, this man is using some kind of mind control."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,[Doing a twisted Elvis Presley.] Wuzzariah? Ulduhooyah? Guh. Ahoohooyuh?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Nurse Gollum,What's wrong with him?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"Ah-yeah, babe, yeah, babe uhyeah hwah yeah hwah wayah ahowowowowayah."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Oh no, apparently, he thinks he's Charlton Heston."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"No, you idiot! He thinks he's Elvis. [To Barbrady.] Elvis, escort our guests to the plane'arium."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,[Snapping into a sharp Elvis.] Holdjit
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He pulls out his gun and shoves it into Mackey's nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"If you wouldn't mind, uugh. Could you please follow me?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,Uh oh.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,[Voice skipping up the scales.] Odle-oh who whoo?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"The planetarium, that night. Nurse Gollum, Mr. Mackey, Stan, and Kyle are strapped into their seats in the theater."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr Adams,"Well, let's begin, shall we?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He starts up the laser show controls.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,"And now you'll remember nothing, except that the planet'arium is the best thing you've ever known!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman enters, oblivious to the star machine."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Well, well well! You guys can now kiss my ass, because I was on television!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The other four are entranced now.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Ey! Didn't you guys see it?! I was on television!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He sees that the others aren't responding.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,You missed it! You missed it because of this stupid planetarium!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,He walks up to the star machine and kicks it. It falls down and breaks into pieces.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,Planetariums suck ass!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The star machine's beams come at Dr. Adams at full force and go right into his eyes.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Dr. Adams,Aaah. Aaah. Aaah.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,[Coming out of the trance.] Cartman! You saved us!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,The others come out of it too.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,What the hell are you talking about?
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Get over here and untie us!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Cartman rushes over and starts untying them, Mr. Mackey first."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, you really saved the day. Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"[Rushing in.] Not so fast there, tubby. Uh I'm just takin' care of business."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman stops.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Mr. Mackey,"Think hard, Elvis. You're not really the king of rock and roll. You're a fat, stupid, worthless policeman in a small town. Mkay?"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Officer Barbrady,"[Snapping out of it.] Oh, thank you from a fate worse than death, counselor."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Stan notices the destruction of the star machine, and the fate of Dr. Adams."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Oh my God! Dr. Adams!
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,"Everyone rushes to the control room window to see what's happened. Dr. Adams is seated inside against a wall, slumped on his right side."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,He got a full dose of the stars.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Stan,Yeah. With nobody around to say anything.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Kyle,"Can you imagine it, Stan. A mind, emptied by that... thing."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"Wow. What a day this has been. I was on TV, and, I'm a hero."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,Cartman scratches his nose.
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Liane,"[Looking in.] Don't pick your nose, hon."
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Cartman,"God damnit, Mom, I wasn't pickin' it! I have an itch!"
Roger Ebert Should Lay off the Fatty Foods,Scene Description,End of Roger Ebert Should Lay Off The Fatty Foods. The Cheesy Poofs anthem plays.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Episode starts in the playground. Bill plays catch with a blue-hatted boy in a red shirt, a brown-haired girl, Annie, and Token are on swings, and Pip and Red are on the hobby elephants. Stan is hiding behind a tree, using his gloved hand as a gun."
Clubhouses,Stan,Sgt. Stanley Marsh is trapped behind enemy lines. His only chance of survival is to sneak past the Bosnian guard who stands watch.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman is patrolling the invisible boundary.
Clubhouses,Stan,Sgt. Marsh knows it's now or never. He must make a run for it.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Stan waits for Cartman, who is wielding a stick, shaped vaguely like a pistol, to pass, then rushes past him."
Clubhouses,Stan,American base is only a few feet away.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Cartman turns and notices Stan.
Clubhouses,Cartman,What is this? Halt!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"They ""fire"" away at each other. From behind a nearby bush Kyle and Kenny pop up and ""fire"" at Cartman."
Clubhouses,Cartman,It will take more than your weak American weapons to destroy me!
Clubhouses,Stan,"Cartman, we shot your Bosnian fat ass!"
Clubhouses,Kyle,Yeah! You're dead!
Clubhouses,Cartman,"I have Class 4 armor on, that, uh, ih-ih--"
Clubhouses,Stan,"No, you don't!"
Clubhouses,Cartman,"--special armor, that's impenetrable to American bullets."
Clubhouses,Kyle,"Dude! Every time we play Americans vs. Bosnians, you cheat!"
Clubhouses,Stan,"Yeah, Cartman, you suck! If you want to play Americans vs. Bosnians any more, you can just play with yourself!"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle leave.
Clubhouses,Cartman,That's fine! I'd like playing with myself! I'll play with myself all day long!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny laughs and Cartman looks at him.
Clubhouses,Cartman,What?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle have walked off away from Cartman and Kenny.
Clubhouses,Kyle,Well? Now what are we going to do?
Clubhouses,Stan,Huh-I dunno.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Wendy walks up, with Bebe closely following behind her."
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Hi, Stan."
Clubhouses,Stan,"Hi, Wendy."
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Kyle, doesn't Bebe look pretty today?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Bebe comes out from behind Wendy, looking hopeful."
Clubhouses,Kyle,I dunno.
Clubhouses,Wendy,She does. She looks very pretty.
Clubhouses,Kyle,Okay.
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Stan, can I talk to you for a second?"
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Wendy takes his hand and pulls him aside. Bebe and Kyle are left to look at each other. Bebe smiles at Kyle, and he looks around and put his hands behind him. The two remain silent. She's still smiling. Wendy and Stan walk out of earshot from them."
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Stan, wouldn't it be fun if we fixed Kyle up with Bebe?"
Clubhouses,Stan,No.
Clubhouses,Wendy,"If Bebe and Kyle were a couple, then we can invite them over to your clubhouse for dinner and play parlor games and have meaningful conversations and sip cognac by the fireplace."
Clubhouses,Stan,We could?
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Yeah, Stan."
Clubhouses,Stan,"But dude, I don't have a clubhouse."
Clubhouses,Wendy,You don't?? I thought all guys had clubhouses.
Clubhouses,Stan,Just how many guys' clubhouses have you been in?
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"Back near the tree, Cartman is sitting on Kenny who is struggling to escape."
Clubhouses,Cartman,Herr Kommandant Cartman has ways of making you talk!
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Kenny is too weak to escape and Cartman farts on him.
Clubhouses,Kenny,(Heellp!!)
Clubhouses,Wendy,"Stan, you have to build a clubhouse! Then all four of us can sit in it and play Truth or Dare!"
Clubhouses,Stan,[Intrigued.] Truth or Dare? Wow.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,Stan walks back over to Kyle.
Clubhouses,Stan,"Come on, Kyle. We've got work to do."
Clubhouses,Kyle,We do?
Clubhouses,Stan,We're gonna build a clubhouse. I have to ask my dad for help.
Clubhouses,Scene Description,"They walk off. Bebe's eyes follow them out, and Wendy rejoins her."
Clubhouses,Bebe,[To Wendy.] Did it work?
Clubhouses,Wendy,"I think it did, Bebe. If all goes as planned, Kyle will be your new boyfriend."
Clubhouses,Bebe,I hope so Wendy. He's got such a hot ass.
