The Death of Eric Cartman,Stephen,"No, I think you'd better call a doctor. I'll ground him."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"Butters' house, later. Stephen holds Linda as the doctor on house call leaves Butters' bedroom"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Linda,"What do you think, Doctor?"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Doctor,Your son is suffering from severe dementia. He claims that the ghost of a dead friend talks to him. This is usually a sign of schizophrenia brought on by some tragic event in the child's past. I think it's best that we take him to the mental center and do some tests.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Linda,Oh no. [buries her face in Stephen's shoulder] NO!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"South Park Institute for Mental Health, day. In the operating room, Butters is wheeled into play on a gurney, face up"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Doctor,"[in a booth with Butters' parents] All right, Butters, just try to relax. [two robot arms grab Butters along the sides of his torso and head, pick him up, and flip him over] Doin' just fine, Butters. [the arms reposition themselves and raise Butters a little higher. A big red anal probe closes in and begins to vibrate] Just stay perfectly still now, Butters."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"[nervous, tries to look back] Lu lu lu, lu lu lu [the anal probe enters and shakes him violently]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Doctor,"Good. You're gonna feel a little pinch now, Butters. [the probe takes one last, deep jab. Then, to Stephen.] Don't worry, Mr. Stotch. Whatever traumatized your son in his past, we'll find it. [the robot arms now rock Butters back and forth as the probe does its stuff.]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"Butters' recovery room, later. The doctor and Butters' parents are at bedside"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Doctor,"Well, after fourteen hours of testing, I can say Butters is definitely suffering from aggravated repressed memory syndrome. You see, Butters, when the brain wants to cover something up, it makes up images and sounds for you to hear."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,So... the ghost was in my head. The whole time.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Stephen,"Now do you believe us, Butters?"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Yes! Uh yes sir! I believe you.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Doctor,"Good. We're making a lot of headway. We'll do some more testing tomorrow. All right, folks. Let's let Butters get some rest. [they leave]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Linda,"[stays behind long enough to kiss Butters on the forehead] Goodnight, baby. [leaves. The lights go out]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,[relaxing and sleeps...] Ahhh. [...but Cartman appears at the foot of the bed]
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,Butters.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,AAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"Don't worry, Butters, I'm gonna get you out of here."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Please leave me alone, Eric. My bottom is really sore."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"I found the woman you need to talk to for me. Look! [shows Butters an ad for a psychic] Doctor Lindsay, expert in the paranormal. She can tell us what to do!"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Eric, ye-you're just an image in my head brought on by a traumatic event."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,She's gonna close soon! Come on! [pulls Butters out of bed and away]
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Wuh I hate my stupid psychotic brain!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"The psychic's house. The doorbell rings. She's watching television, but she gets up to answer the door. Cartman and Butters are there"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"[still with heavy eyelids] Hello, ma'am. May I talk to you?"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Psychic,Certainly. Come in. [Butters and Cartman follow her in] Have a seat and tell me what it is you seek.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Well, there's this ghost, see? Only it probably isn't a ghost, ih-it's just a delusion brought on by my trauma. Well I'm supposed to heh, help him, find out why his spirit is wanderin' the Earth, even though I know that I'm most likely just completely insane."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Psychic,"Well, many times, the reason that the soul stays Earth-bound is because God is intending to use that soul for a divine purpose, to help prevent an impending tragic event."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"Of course. That's it, Butters! We had it wrong all the time!"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Psychic,"But now, you shouldn't think you're crazy, young man. I see ghosts all the time."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Really?
The Death of Eric Cartman,Psychic,Yes. When's the last time you saw yours?
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Well, he's sittin' next to me right now."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Psychic,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! [runs out of the room screaming. The TV turns on mysteriously behind the boys]
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Hey, I think she could see you too. You really are a ghost."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"I told you, Butters. [a breaking news item comes on]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Announcer,This is breaking news!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Anchor Tom,A tragic event is unfolding in South Park. Three convicted murderers have escaped from jail and are holding twelve people hostage at the Red Cross!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Reporter Chris,"Tom, the convicts were about to be arrested when they ran inside the Red Cross behind me, and threatened to kill all the workers inside. The violent men are demanding a helicopter and two hundred thousand dollars cash."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"Oh my God, this is it, Butters. This is what I'm here to stop. Come on, Butters. This psychic boy and his ghost pal are going to save the day!"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"The Red Cross, later that night. A crowd has gathered and the police try to control the crowd"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Officer,"Stay back, people!"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Man,"Stay back?! Hell, my wife and child are in there!"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Det. Yates,Stay calm in there. We don't want anybody getting hurt.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Lead convict,"You get us a helicopter and two hundred thousand dollars or these people start dyin', man!"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"The Red Cross, outside. Butters and Cartman sneak past the police barricade"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"All right, Butters, I'm going in alone, first. Give me thirty seconds in there, and then you go in and free the hostages."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Go in there? Uh, but they'll see me."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,Don't worry. I have a plan. [movers towards an entrance]
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Eric. [Cartman turns around] Well, be careful, ghost pal."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"They can't hurt me, Butters. I'm already dead. [Cartman moves towards the front door. The detective notices]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Det. Yates,What the hell is that kid doing?
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"The Red Cross, inside. The convicts look out through the Venetian blinds"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Bald convict,Somebody's comin' in!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Convict 2,"It's just some little fat kid. [the door opens and Cartman walks in. He starts making haunting, ghostly noises and rattling desks]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Bald convict,What the hell is going on?
The Death of Eric Cartman,Convict 2,I have no idea.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"Yes, it's working! [hops on a chair, picks up a book, waves it around, and flips the pages in the lead convict's face]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Lead convict,"This is really weird. [Cartman walks over to a file cabinet, opens a drawer, and tosses out all sorts of papers. Butters enters the building, walking quietly as Cartman keeps the three convicts distracted]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"The Red Cross, outside."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Reporter Chris,"An incredible development here, Tom. Two little boys have fearlessly gone inside the Red Cross. [footage of Cartman entering the building is shown]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"Stan's house. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny watch the news"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Stan,Cartman?
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,"The Red Cross, inside. Cartman swings two cowbells up and down. Butters has left the door open"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Bald convict,"[scratches his head] I'm so confused! [Butters goes over to the office, removes the chair blocking the door, and opens the door.]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Hurry. Go, go! [the hostages leave quickly, quietly. They exit the Red Cross.]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Officer 2,The hostages are clear!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Det. Yates,"[through the bull horn] All right, move in! [the officers move in. Cartman is dancing around shaking the bells and making ghostly noises]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Convict 2,The hostages are gone!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Bald convict,What?! [the officers pour in and arrest the convicts] Son of a bitch.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Reporter Chris,"Tom, an incredible story of courage. Two little boys, armed only with the weapon of confusion, managed to go in and save the Red Cross. Nobody seems to know who the boys are or where they went off to, but they are heroes."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Scene Description,The field across from the Red Cross. Cartman is about to take his leave for the third time
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"Well, we did it, Butters. We saved the day."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"Boy, we sure did."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"My spirit is at rest now. I can finally go to everlasting peace, eternal rest, and ten thousand dollars cash. Butters, I think that, through this whole thing, we've really become friends."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Yeah. Uh I feel that way too.
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"We both, kind of needed each other and... well... I'm gonna miss you."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,"I'll miss you too, ghost pal."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"[backs up again, waving his hands before him] Goodbye Butters. I must be going now. I'll be looking down on you from time to time. Have a long, fulfilling life, Butters! Goodbye! [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny approach him from his right side, Clyde, Token and Jimmy approach him from his left]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Stan,"Hey Cartman, that was really cool what you did."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Clyde,"Yeah Eric, we're gonna stop ignoring you now. [both Cartman and Butters are stunned that everyone can suddenly see Cartman]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Kyle,"We didn't think that by pretending you didn't exist, you would really change, but you really have."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Stan,"Well, anyway, we just wanna let you know. Talk to you tomorrow."
The Death of Eric Cartman,Jimmy,"Yeah. S-see ya, Eric. [Butters looks down]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,[pissed off] You sonofabitch Butters!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Huh?
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,You told me I was a ghost!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Huh but I thought you were one!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Cartman,"How stupid are you?! So help me GOD Butters, I'm gonna get you back for this! I'm going to [points his finger at Butters] Get you back! [runs off. Butters just looks at him, baffled. His parents arrive with the doctor]"
The Death of Eric Cartman,Stephen,[angered] Butters?!
The Death of Eric Cartman,Butters,Oh hamburgers.
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school bell rings."
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, kids, as your counselor, I know it can sometimes be difficult to talk about subjects like drugs and sex and alcohol, m'kay? So, as you remember, last week I told you to write down any difficult questions you had and put them in this box anonymously so we could discuss those questions in class, m'kay? I got a lot o' responses, so let's read some aloud. [pulls out the first letter and reads] ""Mr. Mackey is gay."" [some of the kids laugh] Okay kids, that is not funny! M'kay?! This box is supposed to be used for serious questions! About, about serious issues! M'kay, let's, let's stop the tomfoolery. [puts it aside and reaches into the box for the next letter] M'kay, this looks like a real one here. [reads] ""Dear Mr. Mackey, you are gay."" [the class laughs] All right, all right. That's enough, kids. Let's quiet down and try to be mature, 'kay? [reaches in to read the next one] Uh here we go. Okay, ""Mr. Mackey, sometimes my parents hit me, and you are gay."" [the class laughs harder] Dammit, is there not one serious question in here?! [reads the next two letters] ""Mr. Mackey is gay."" ""Mr. Mackey is gay."" [gets the next letter] Okay, here. [reads] ""I am a boy at South Park Elementary. Sometimes, when I'm sitting in class, my penis becomes hard for no reason. What should I do?"" [Jimmy looks around nervously. Cartman cracks up, and the rest of the class, except Jimmy, follows] All right kids, all right kids, that's enough! [a small bell is heard and Jimmy looks down] If you all can't be serious about the question box, [turns and writes ""drugs"" on the board] then we'll just do drug identification exercises, unkay?!"
Erection Day,Class,Awwwww!
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, uhh, Jimmy, why don't you come up here and write down the names of two narcotics?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Uh no, that-that's okay, Mr. Mackey."
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,"Jimmy, I'm not asking you, I'm telling you!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Uhhh, just uh ahh not right this second, Mr. Mackey."
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,Well why the hell not?!
Erection Day,Jimmy,Uh... [waves him over. Mr. Mackey walks over and bends down to listen to Jimmy whisper in his ear]
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,"It's what... Oh, you do? R-right now, right now it is? M'kay, m'kay. Don't worry, Jimmy. [returns to the board] N'kay, uhhh, let's pick someone else. Um, Eric, why don't you come up here?"
Erection Day,Cartman,"Hey, that's bullcrap! How come Jimmy doesn't have to do it?!"
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,"Well, because uh, Jimmy is pitching a tent right now. [Jimmy shows some alarm]"
Erection Day,Stan,He's what?? [Kyle shrugs]
Erection Day,Scene Description,South Park Elementary hallway. Kids milling around notice a poster on the pegboard among the lockers and talk amongst themselves.
Erection Day,Stan,"A hundred dollar gift certificate to South Park Mall? [the kids begin moving out of the way, leaving Stan, Kyle, and Kenny] Maybe we should do the talent show."
Erection Day,Kyle,"Well, what's the point? Jimmy always wins with his stand-up comedy."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Hey fellas.
Erection Day,Stan,"Dude, didja see, Jimmy? They're giving away a hundred dollar first prize for the talent show."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Oh I sure have. I've been working on my ruh... ruh... routine all year long.
Erection Day,Kyle,"I don't know how you do it, dude. How do you get up in front of that many people?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Well fellas, entertainment is my life. I love being in front of everyone. [his penis gets aroused] Aaah!"
Erection Day,Kyle,"Huh wuh, what's the matter?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"I gotta guh, I gotta go! See ya fellas. [rushes away and down the hall] Eh, excuse me! Evuh evuh - excuh, cuh, cuse me! Excuse me, puh-please. [he grunts as he heads for the boys' room and enters, looking for an empty stall. He tries the first toilet stall]"
Erection Day,Clyde,It's occupied. [Jimmy tries the second stall]
Erection Day,Cartman,"No room at the inn, Virgin Mary. [Jimmy heads back to the sinks and throws water on his face, then throws water on his pants' crotch]"
Erection Day,Butters,"[enters and heads for the urinal] Hehey Jimmy! [arrives at the urinal, drops his trousers and lifts his shirt, and starts pissing] M'boy, did you see that first prize for the talent show? Why you must be excited! You'll probably win like always."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Yeah. Yeah, I'm real excited. REAL excited... for some reason... Oh, Jesus! What's wrong with me?"
Erection Day,Butters,"[notices some heavy drops in the stalls] Hey, who's droppin' bombs in there?! How about a courtesy flush?!"
Erection Day,Cartman,"Up yours, Butters."
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, afternoon. Jimmy walks through the door and sighs. His parents are on the sofa. His mom reads a book, his dad a newspaper."
Erection Day,Sarah,"Hey Jimmy, how was school?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Fine, Mom."
Erection Day,Ryan,"Jimmy, we understand you're getting erections in the classroom."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[stops in his tracks for a few seconds, then looks over his shoulder] What? Uh who told you that?"
Erection Day,Ryan,"Mr. Mackey, your counselor."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Aw J-j-j-j...j-Jesus!
Erection Day,Ryan,"Now, Jimmy, it's nothing to be ashamed of. But we know it's something you might have a hard time talking about. Get it? A hard time. So, we took your counselor's advice 'nd called Doctor Pal to help us all talk about this."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Dz-n-Doctor Pal?
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"[springs up from behind the sofa and quite eager to start. He talks quickly] Hey Jimmy, I'm Doctor Pal. That's because I'm a doctor, but I'm also your pal. Are we cool?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Uh, sure?"
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"A lot of times parents call me in because I can relate to younger kids. I'm, I'm down, I'm dope, you dig? Now, I understand you have some concerns about erections. [affects a joking manner] ""Oops, can't say erection in front of the parents right. Oh God, I feel so weird"" huh?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Well, a little, yes."
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"Jimmy, there's nothing weird about random erections. Almost every boy goes through a phase where his penis becomes hard... for no particular reason. It's just part of growing up. Growing up? Growing out is more like it. [laughs at his own cleverness]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,But I have to make it stop! The talent show is this F-Friday.
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"Tell you what, Mom and Dad, why don't you skedaddle for a tick and let us hipsters talk in privo."
Erection Day,Ryan,"A-all right, come on, honey. [they rise and leave the living room]"
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"Jimmy, as you get older your body goes through a lot of changes. Certain hormones start to release as your whole reproductive system begins to awaken, and so, if you like, we can take off our shirts and kiss."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Ke...c-come again?
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"Oh, hey, nothin', you see? See, that set you off on a different tangent, got you thinkin' a different way. That's what Doctor Pal is here to do. [leans forward a little] Unless, of course, you think we should take off our shirts and kiss."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"N-no, I do NOT want to take off my shirt and kiss!"
Erection Day,Doctor Pal,"Well then to hell with you, kid. You can just deal with your problems on your own. [walks out the door and closes it behind him]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, night. He's fast asleep, and we see his dream."
Erection Day,Announcer,"Next up for the talent show, put your hands together for the incredibly talented Jimmy Valmer! [he approaches the mic. On one side is a stool with a glass of water on it. The school audience is cheering]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow, what a what a great audience. So apparently Martha Stewart is out of jail. Have you have you heard about this, have you seen this? She's very excited to get started on her new show, ""Martha Stewart Living, with an electronic ankle bracelet."" [the audience laughs heartily] So it looks like the Vatican has finally chosen a new Pope. Have you seen this, have you heard about this? [his penis is around and his erection begins to show] A-a-apparently they're going to call him New Pope, a-and refer to John Paul as P-Pope Classic. [the claps are few, his erection is bigger] Uh,.. so it so it looks like Michael Jackson is having back problem in court. [the kids begin to notice the erection and whisper to each other. Jimmy's beginning to falter] You know... huh... you uh you know what they say about b-b-b-b-back problems. [a girl screams and runs out of the gym. The other kids follow. Jimmy's penis has gotten so big it blocks his view of the audience. He moves it to his left so he can see everyone on his right] Uh, uh gee, what a terrific audience. [swings it to his right to see everyone on his left] What a fantastic audience."
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Don't worry, Jimmy. We're not laughing with you, we're laughing AT you. [several shots of the audience laughing at Jimmy. Jimmy wakes up and sits up on his bed.]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Nuh uh! Wuh. Huh. Waaagh! Ungh! [punches his genitals with both his fists, then falls asleep hard]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's practicing his favorite song in the garage with some help from his boom box. Jimmy approaches."
Erection Day,Butters,"Lu Lu Lu, I've got some apples, Lu Lu Lu, you've got some too. Lu Lu Lu, let's get together, I know what we can do, Lu Lu."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Butters!
Erection Day,Butters,"Oh! Oh hey, Jimmy. [turns off the tape player] I'm just practicin' for the talent show."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Butters, ah I really need to talk to somebody, and I think maybe you're the only person who won't make f-f-fun of me."
Erection Day,Butters,"Oh gosh, I'd never make fun of somebody with a problem."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Butters, do you know what you're supposed to do when your penis gets hard?"
Erection Day,Butters,[thinks a moment] Well sure I do.
Erection Day,Jimmy,Really??
Erection Day,Butters,"Yes, now sit down, Jimmy, we should have a little talk. [they sit next to the boom box] You see, Jimmy, when a man's penis becomes hard, the man puts it into a lady. Into her ""vagiiina."" [fans his fingers out] Then, the hard penis sneezes milk inside the lady's tummy, and after it's all done sneezin' milk, the penis stops bein' hard, and the man loses interest in the lady."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"So, when your penis becomes hard, you're supposed to put in in a lady's vagina. And then it stops being hard?"
Erection Day,Butters,"That's right, Jimmy."
Erection Day,Jimmy,But where am I going to find a lady to stick my penis in? The talent show is this Friday.
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids visit their lockers to change books."
Erection Day,Girl,"Talk to you, Bertha."
Erection Day,Bertha,"Okay, see you later, Jessie."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Hey Bertha.
Erection Day,Bertha,"Oh, hey Jimmy. What's goin' on?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Well Bertha, I was wondering if I could stick my penis in your vagina?"
Erection Day,Bertha,"What?? No way! [Cartman walks into view, overhears, then stops to listen]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,But the talent show is tomorrow! [Bertha slaps him] Ooo!
Erection Day,Bertha,"Jerk! [walks away, Cartman comes forward]"
Erection Day,Cartman,"Jimmy, Jimmy, what the hell are you doing, man?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,I'm trying to get laid. What's it look like?
Erection Day,Cartman,"Dude, you don't just go up to a girl and ask her if you can stick your penis in her vagina. Ye-you have to ask her on a date, take her out for some Italian food."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow, seems like you know a lot about this stuff, Eric. Have you gotten laid before?"
Erection Day,Cartman,"Sure, lots of times. I've been laid, like, five thousand times."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Well, wha-what do I do?"
Erection Day,Cartman,I told you: a date and then Italian food. And then you gotta make her think you're a good listener.
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Eric, I can't tell you why, but it's very important that I score to-night! Can you come on the date and help me? You're like a white... Hitch."
Erection Day,Cartman,"Why sure, they do this all the time in movies and TV shows. You go on the date and wear an earpiece, and I'll be nearby, secretly telling you all the right things to say."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow! Thanks, Eric."
Erection Day,Scene Description,"A house, night. A woman is reading a book on her sofa. The doorbell rings."
Erection Day,Mom,"Shawna honey, I think your little date is here."
Erection Day,Shawna,"[heads for the door] Okay, Mom. [opens it, and finds Jimmy waiting outside]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,Hey Shawna.
Erection Day,Shawna,Hi Jimmy.
Erection Day,Cartman,"[hiding in some bushes nearby] Okay Jimmy. First off, tell her how good she looks."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow, Shawna, you look f-fantastic."
Erection Day,Shawna,"Thanks, Jimmy. Where are we going?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"We're going to an authentic Italian restaurant, Buca de Fagghecini"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Buca de Fagghecini, dinnertime. Jimmy and Shawna wait for service at their table."
Erection Day,Waiter,Welcome to Buca de Fagghecini for the authentico experience Italiano. My name is Roma. Can I start you out with some lotsa pasta macaroni minis?
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Uh, I think we're gonna try your authentic pizzareli casserona poppers."
Erection Day,Waiter,Right away. [walks away]
Erection Day,Shawna,You know that girl Sally Rauman at our school? I can't stand her.
Erection Day,Cartman,"[at a nearby booth] Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy, even though what she's saying now isn't interesting at all, you say, ""Wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more."""
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more."
Erection Day,Shawna,"Really? Well, Kelligan bought the same purse and I was like, ""No WAY do I want it now!"" because who wants a purse that both their best friends have, right? And so-"
Erection Day,Cartman,"[Roma sets some plates of food on his table] All right, when she stops yappin' again, say ""Wow, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right."""
Erection Day,Shawna,"I guess that's why I figured, ""Who needs friends like THAT?"""
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right."
Erection Day,Shawna,"It's like I told Debbie: ""If you're gonna go out with my friends-"""
Erection Day,Cartman,"All right Jimmy, when she finally shuts her trap again, I want you to repeat whatever she said, and then follow it with ""Wow, how insightful."""
Erection Day,Shawna,"""And so if you're gonna be that way, I don't need to be your friend."""
Erection Day,Jimmy,"""If you're gonna be that way, I don't need to be your friend."" Wow, how insightful."
Erection Day,Shawna,"You know, Jimmy, you are a great listener."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Really?
Erection Day,Shawna,"Yeah. I mean, no other boys really communicate like you do."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Oh, I'm so glad you think so, Shawna, because I really wanna stick my penis in your vagina."
Erection Day,Cartman,"Yes, nice, Jimmy, very nice."
Erection Day,Shawna,[stunned] ...What??? [crosses her arms and glares] I'm not doing that!
Erection Day,Jimmy,But the talent show is tomorrow night!
Erection Day,Shawna,"Creep! [throws her glass of water at him and walks out. The water shorts out his headphones, and Cartman takes his off from the feedback]"
Erection Day,Cartman,Aaagh!
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next evening. The gym is set up for the talent show and the whole school is there. Well, most of the school..."
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Welcome students and parents to the annual South Park Elementary Talent Show! [some applause] We have a lot of little talneted performers to get through, so the quicker you shut up, the quicker this will be over! [everyone quiets down] Okay, first up we have Billy Turner, from the third grade, who will be doing an alto sax solo. [out comes Billy with his alto sax and he begins to play Frиre Jacques. His notes are tentative and wobbly]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, out on the front curb. Jimmy sits there sobbing. Officer Barbrady's police car rolls gently towards him and stops. The driver door opens and Officer Barbrady comes into view."
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,Jimmy? Jimmy Valmer?
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[looks up] Oh... Hi, Officer B b-b-buh b-b-buh b-Barbrady."
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,"Jimmy, what are you doing here? The talent show is inside."
Erection Day,Jimmy,I'm... not gonna perform in the talent show. [sobs again]
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,"Not perform? [sits down next to him] But Jimmy, you love talent shows. Everyone in town knows that."
Erection Day,Jimmy,I just c-can't risk getting up in front of everyone.
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,Why?
Erection Day,Jimmy,All right! I I keep getting an erection for no reason! Okay! But I can't get any of the girls here to let me... do it to them.
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,"Well of course not, Jimmy. Little girls don't wanna have sex."
Erection Day,Jimmy,Then why does God make it so that my penis gets hard if girls don't wanna have it in their vaginas? It's like a cruel joke.
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,"Well, Jimmy, the girls here are young and pure. They're not like the ladies down at Colfax Point."
Erection Day,Jimmy,...Colfax Point?
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,"Well yeah, those women will have sex with anybody."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Really? M-maybe I can catch the bus ...and get down there before the talent show ends. Th-thanks, Officer Barbrady! [heads off to the nearest bus station]"
Erection Day,Officer Barbrady,"You're welcome, Jim. [happy at first, he begins to think over that last conversation] Wait..."
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Colfax Point, in the red-light district of town, night. Cars roll by as obese prostitutes try to get customers. Shapely prostitutes try as well when the obese ones are denied. A black woman wearing knee-high boots walks down the street towards the camera. She has brilliant red hair, black vest and boots, and cheetah-print shorts"
Erection Day,Voice-over,Colfax Point. Pimps and hos and tricks in rows. Women walk the street with corns on their feets. Broken dreams and no ice creams.
Erection Day,Scene Description,A car stops in front of a woman built like a brick mansion
Erection Day,Ho,You lookin' for a date?
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[entering this hellhole] Hello? Hello? I need to put my ...p-penis in a woman's vagina. Any takers? [before him, a ho dressed as a Red Cross nurse is left behind by a customer] Excuse me, ma'am. What's your name?"
Erection Day,Prostitute,They call me Nut Gobbler.
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Well, Nut Gobbler, I need to get laid."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,Huh??
Erection Day,Jimmy,"I have a raging hard-on that just won't quit, and the talent show has already started."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,You a cop?
Erection Day,Jimmy,"No. Actually, I'm a stand-up comic."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,You got money?
Erection Day,Jimmy,Sure do.
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"All right, you got a place to go?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,Sure. I know the p-perfect place.
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Buca de Fagghecini, moments later. The waitier arrives."
Erection Day,Roma,"Welcome to Buca de Fagghecini for the authentic experienso Italiano. My name is Roma, and uhhh [recognizes Jimmy] Oh, it's nice to see you again, Mr. Valmer."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[grabs Roma by the collar and talks to him in hushes tones] Hey, can it, jackass! I don't want her to know I was just here with a different girl."
Erection Day,Roma,"Oh right, pardone, segnore. I'll come back with some garlic bread mediterraneane. [walks off]"
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,What are we doin' anyway?
Erection Day,Jimmy,This is authentic Italian food straight from S-Sicily. You should try the Lotsa Mozzarella Pizza Roll.
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"I can't eat too much, I've got an infected urinary tract. I've been pissin' blood for a week."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Oh, uh, wow, that is very interesting. Please tell me more."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Huh? [takes out a lighter and cigarette and lights the cigarette] Well, that's it, I just piss blood! So I have to stick a tampon up my peehole."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow. You know, I've never thought of it that way before, but you're right. If you're pissing blood, you can shove a tampon up your peehole. You are very insightful. Please tell me more."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Look, kid, what are you doin'?! You wanna get laid or not?"
Erection Day,Jimmy,Well of couse I wanna get laid. That's why I'm taking you to this ...fancy place and pretending to be interested in what you have to say.
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Kid, I'm a hooker. You don't have to take me to dinner OR be nice to me."
Erection Day,Jimmy,What? Fo-for real?
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"You paid me, so you get to do me. It's that simple."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Well jumpin' Jesus, what are we wasting our time here for then? The talent show is happening right now! Let's get to r-r-rammin'! [A black man angrily approaches the table]"
Erection Day,Pimp,"What are you doin', ho?! Havin' dinner?! You're supposed to be workin' for me!"
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"It's where the trick wanted to go, you bastard!"
Erection Day,Pimp,"Trick?! I ain't stupid! Ain't no trick gonna take you out to dinner! [Roma arrives with some food, but quickly leaves when he sees what's happening] This PIMP is tryin' to steal you away from me! [to Jimmy] This is MY ho!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"I beg to differ with you, sir. I paid for her and took her out to dinner. She's my ho!"
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,Uh Jesus.
Erection Day,Pimp,"You got a problem, bitch?!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Yes, I do have a problem, as a matter of fact! I've spent all my money on this ho, and she's now my only shot at getting laid, and the talent show is only a couple of hours from being over."
Erection Day,Pimp,[to Nut Gobbler] You're comin' home right now! [grabs her by the hair hard]
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Agh! Let go of my hair, you son of a bitch!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Sir, sir, that is my ho!"
Erection Day,Pimp,"I'm gonna kick your ass, ho! [hauls her off]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[watching the pimp pull Nut Gobbler away] Sir, sir!"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Talent Show, now in progress. A student sings Journey's ""Open Arms"" badly."
Erection Day,Blonde Haired Girl,"Lying beside you, here in the dark. Feeling your heartbeat with mine..."
Erection Day,Stan,"[bored, exchanges looks with Kyle] Woof."
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Buca de Fagghecini, outside. The pimp drives off with Nut Gobbler, and Jimmy just steps out the front doors"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Son of a ...b-bitch! [a taxicab rolls by, and Jimmy hails it] Taxi! [the cab stops, and Jimmy gets in] Follow that pimp and ho! [the driver does as told and peels away]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,The pimp's car.
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,Where are you taking me?!
Erection Day,Pimp,"I'm gonna kill you, ho!"
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,No! Please! Q Money! I'm sorry!
Erection Day,Q Money,"You're already dead, ho! [outside the driver window, the cab has pulled up alongside. Jimmy rolls down his window]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Sir! I paid for that lady, and by taking her, you are no better than a common th-thief!"
Erection Day,Q Money,"Fuck you, punk! [turns his steering wheel left so his car rams the cab. The cab spins away, but recovers and comes up along the passenger side this time.]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Nut Gobbler, grab onto my crutch! [sticks it out for her to grab. She fails at grabbing it a few times, but finally succeeds. She begins to climb out of Q Money's car and has one leg out of the car]"
Erection Day,Q Money,"[grabs onto Nut Gobbler's other leg] Get your ass back in here, ho!"
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,Aaaah! [she's basically doing the splits between the cars]
Erection Day,Jimmy,"I got you, Nut Gobbler! [the two cars race down the streets with Nut Gobbler spread out between them like a Thanksgiving turkey]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Talent Show, now in progress. The Goth kids are now onstage. The Red Goth and Henrietta are on guitars, and the Kindergoth is on drums. The Tall Goth sings."
Erection Day,Tall Goth,"No no nono no, I'm not gonna be in the talent show. Oh no nono no. I'll never be in your faggy talent show. [the song ends and they walk offstage. Some applause for them comes up from the audience]"
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, that was the Goth kids with ""Talent Shows Are For Fags"""
Erection Day,Tall Goth,That was killer. We showed them.
Erection Day,Red Goth,"Yeah, I hope we win."
Erection Day,Scene Description,"The streets of South Park, night. The two cars are still racing down the streets with Nut Gobbler splits between them. She's screaming from the pain"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Come on, ho! [the cars bump each other and pull apart, each male, Jimmy and Q Money, wanting Nut Gobbler with him. A motorcycle driver is coming towards them]"
Erection Day,Cabbie,Look out!
Erection Day,Motorcyclist,Daww?
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Aah?? [the motorcyclist smacks into Nut Gobbler's groin and gets stuck there as his motorcycle continues without him and falls away] NO! [the motorcyclist is screaming, but his screams are muffled. Q Money takes out his gun and takes a few shots at Jimmy. One shot gets him in the right shoulder and he has to let go of Nut Gobbler. Both she and the motorcyclist fall into Q Money's car] '"
Erection Day,Jimmy,Eugh! Stay on him! I'm not giving up! [the chase continues]
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Talent Show, now in progress. A magic act ends as the assistant steps out of a box."
Erection Day,Kid Magician,Tada! [some applause comes up from the audience.]
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, very nice, Clark and Laura. Very nice. [they carry off the box Laura was in] Our next act is Butters, who will be singing a song"
Erection Day,Stephen,[takes a picture] There's our boy. [Linda claps with the audience. The piano begins]
Erection Day,Butters,"Lu lu lu, I've got some... [pauses as he forgets the words] Some... uh, some uh... some, uh... Uuuhhh... Oh no! [a puddle of urine forms under him] No no noho noo! [runs off the stage]"
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, thank you Butters, very nice, short and sweet. [whips out a towel and wipes the stage clean of urine]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"The streets of South Park, night. The two cars are now bumping each other off."
Erection Day,Q Money,"Goddamn, this pimp just won't give up!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[to the cabbie] Get close to him! [the cabbie does so, and Jimmy jumps onto the roof of Q Money's car. Q Money does what he can to shake Jimmy off, but Jimmy stays on. When Q Money draws close to the cab, Jimmy looks at the cabbie] How much do I owe you?"
Erection Day,Cabbie,[checks the meter] Six dollars and twenty-four cents.
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[reaches into his pockets and pulls out a ten dollar bill] C-can I just get two back, please?"
Erection Day,Cabbie,"Oh, thank you very much. [smiles and gives Jimmy the two dollars] There you go. Have a good 'n."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Thank you. [the cabbie leaves the scene, his job complete. Q Money continues flying down the street and into Colfax Point. The other prostitutes watch in shock. Q Money slams the car into a light pole and Jimmy is catapulted through the air and lands in a trash heap. Q Money takes Nut Gobbler out of the car and pulls her away by the hair again]"
Erection Day,Q Money,"You're gonna pay for this, bitch!"
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,No! Heelllp!! [The motorcyclist looks up dazed from the back seat of the crashed car. Jimmy makes his way out of the trash heap. Q Money drags Nut Gobbler up the stairs of a nearby building] Haaaaaaaaaa!!
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[in hot pursuit now] Don't worry, Nut Gobbler! I'm coming! [his penis gets hard again and he freezes] Oh Jesus, not now. [he gathers his legs tight so the erection doesn't show as much] Oh boy, this is embarrassing. [he walks off gingerly]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Talent Show, still in progress."
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"And now we have Eric Cartman, who will be doing select readings from the movie, Scarface. [leaves as the curtains open]"
Erection Day,Cartman,"[starts off with his back to the audience, then turns around] D'you know what you are? You're all a bunch of fucking cock roaches! You need people like me! You need people like me so you can point your fucking finger and say ""That's the bad guy!"" Well say goodnight to the bad guy!!"
Erection Day,Liane,That's my little boy. [smiles. Gerald and Sheila are stunned]
Erection Day,Scene Description,"Colfax Point, night. On the rooftop of the building, Q Money has Nut Gobbler on her knees and is ready to shoot her dead."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Please, Q Money! Don't do this!"
Erection Day,Q Money,"I told you never to turn on me, ho!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"[catches up with the pair] Hey, j-j-jackass! [he and Q Money face each other] I'm sorry I resorted to calling you jackass just now, but I'm very upset!"
Erection Day,Q Money,"And what are you gonna do, huh?! I've got four feet on you AND a gun! What do you have?!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,What do I have? The weapon of comedy. So apparently the Chinese and the Japanese aren't getting along lately. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this?
Erection Day,Q Money,What?!
Erection Day,Jimmy,I'll tell you one thing: their food hasn't been getting along with my stomach for years.
Erection Day,Q Money,[laughs] That's pretty good.
Erection Day,Jimmy,Martha Stewart is out of jail. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this?
Erection Day,Q Money,"[laughs] Oh yeah. That's right, she is. [behind him, Nut Gobbler grabs a pipe and approaches him silently]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,She's apparently gotten real good with baking cakes with keys in them. [Q Money laughs heartily as Nut Gobbler reaches him. She knocks him out with one blow to the back of the head.]
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"Serves you right, you son of a bitch!"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Nice teamwork, Nut Gobbler."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"I can't believe you chased me all this way. You, you really care about me."
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Not really. You're just a hooker, and I need to get laid. The talent show could be over any minute."
Erection Day,Nut Gobbler,"That's good enough for me. [takes off her coat and poses enticingly] Take me to bed. [Jimmy approaches her, reaches out, and she falls back and lands with a thud on his arms and crutches. He then hoists her up and carries her down the stairs to the bottom floor of the building. He carries her out the door, through the group of hookers gathered to marvel at the sight, and towards a Ho-Tel. One admiring prostitute wipes away a tear. Jimmy carries Nut Gobbler through the door and onto a bed nearby. The door closes and the light goes out. All the other hookers keep applauding]"
Erection Day,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Talent Show, still in progress. Ike is onstage singing ""Yankee Doodle Boy""."
Erection Day,Ike,"I have a Yankee Doodle sweetheart,She's my Yankee Doodle girl.[holds up some sparklers]'Ankee Doodle came to London,Just to ride the ponies,[throws them off and gets inside a small cannon next to him. The barrel rises until it's in launch position]I am da Yankee DoodleI am da Yankee DoodleI am da Yankee Doodle boy.[The cannon shoots him out and he lands clear across the stage. Some applause greets the performance. As the props are taken away, Ike takes off his hat and bows low to everyone, then puts on his top hat and walks off]"
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, very nice, Ike, thank you. All right, children, it looks like we have no more contestants, which means, the Talent Show is over! [the children cheer and Principal Victoria nudges a sleeping Mr. Mackey]"
Erection Day,Principal Victoria,"Mr. Mackey, it's over."
Erection Day,Mr. Mackey,"Huh? [takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes] Oh oh oh, right."
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,Now we will tally up the judges' scores and find out which act they hated the least.
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Hold everything! [Mrs. Garrison looks up. Jimmy has entered the gym and walks towards the stage. The audience watches him head up the steps] Mrs. Garrison, if you don't mind, I'll be taking that microphone.."
Erection Day,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, let's put our hands together for Jimmy Valmer. [some applause heads his way]"
Erection Day,Jimmy,"Wow, what a terrific audience. So apparently it's been exactly two years since the fall of Baghdad. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? Just as B-Bush predicted, Baghdad fell, Iraq fell, Saddam fell. The only thing that didn't fall was ...the price of gas. [everyone laughs] I just read in the paper that China's protesting Japan. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? Yeah, I guess in China you don't get to- [his penis gets hard again and he's surprised] You've gotta be kidding me."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"Jefferson Lake Recreational Area, daytime. Stan and Cartman are in a very nice boat, playing around. Cartman stands up and shoots at imaginary opponents."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Dude, you are right, Cartman. Your uncle Roy has a sweet boat."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Yeah. Isn't this fun? Just you and me hangin' out, Stan. No stupid Kyle around."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Man, I wish I could really drive this thing."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,You know how?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,Sure I do!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Well here. [reaches down to grab something] Roy keeps the keys in the glove box.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Dude, I don't think your uncle'd want us driving it."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Nobody's gonna know. We just drive it around the marina real quick. Look, if anything happens, I'll take full responsibility."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[reaches over and grabs the keys.] Okay, turn on the ignition,"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,[puts on sunglasses as the engine purrs to life] Awesome.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,Okay... [pulls on a handle]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,We're not moving.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[pulls harder. The motor creates a froth of water behind the boat, which is still in place]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Maybe you have the parking brake on.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Boats don't have parking brakes, dumbass! They only have the... oh wait wait. Neutral button! [presses that and the boat lunges out of its landing, spinning around a few times as it jumps another dock nearby. The boat goes forward in a haphazard manner. Both boys scream]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Other way! Other way!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[pushes the handle forward again, but it breaks in his hand. He can no longer control the boat, so he and Cartman scream again, then] Jesus Christ!!!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Stan... beaver dam! [the boat approaches the dam quuickly] Very large beaver dam, Stan!! [the boat runs aground on the dam and the boys quickly jump out. The boat begins to smoke as the boys swim to the nearest shore. Stan, being lighter and faster, reaches shore first, then turns to wait for Cartman. The boat blows up and Stan shields his eyes. Cartman reaches the shore and walks up to Stan]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,Oh dude! Oh Jesus!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,[turns around and sees] Dude! Stan! You are in serious trouble!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,You said you'd take responsibility to your uncle Roy!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,I don't even have an uncle Roy! That was just some guy's boat I knew about.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,What?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Look, it's okay. We weren't here. This didn't happen, okay. We were both at my house all afternoon long playing Tea Party. Okay? Now come on, we gotta bail! [hustles up the beach]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Oh God, I hope I didn't hurt any beavers."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[turns to look at Stan] Dude, come on! We've gotta get out of here! [Cartman turns back and continues up the beach. Stan turns and follows Cartman up]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,Splashy graphics appear as a program begins.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Announcer,"With an eye on America and all of today's events, it's South Park Evening News, with Tom Pusslicker"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,"Herro, crisis and fear tonight, as what appears to be a massive flood has overtaken the town of Beaverton, Colorado, home of the world's largest beaver dam. [the Marshes are shown eating off small folding tables with dinners on them and looking at the TV] Earlier today, a break in the beaver dam which protected the town broke open, trapping people in their houses and destroying their lives. [a helicopter camera catches the flooding]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,"Oh my gosh, those poor people."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Field reporter,"Tom, I'm currently ten miles outside of Beaverton, unable to get inside the town proper. We do not have any reports of fatalities yet, but we believe that the death toll may be in the hundreds of millions. Beaverton has only a population of about eight thousand, Tom, so this would be quite devastating."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,"Any word on how the survivors in the town are doing, Mitch? [Stan has stopped eating. Sharon and Shelly continue.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mitch,"W-we're not sure what exactly is going on inside the town of Beaverton, uh Tom, but we're reporting that there's looting, raping, and yes, even acts of cannibalism."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,"My God, you've, you've actually seen people looting, raping and eating each other?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mitch,"No, no, we haven't actually seen it Tom, we're just reporting it."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,The Marsh living room
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,"[rises and begins to pick up the spent trays] You all done with your fishsticks, Stan?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[rises and takes his own tray up] I'll help you, Sharon. [looks at the screen] Boy, that's just awful."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,"In the nearby town of South Park, the cause of the Beaverton flood is being investigated."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 1,That's right! We know whose fault this is!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,Huh oh. [puts his hands to his cheeks. Shelly gives him a funny look]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 1,It's George Bush's fault!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 2,Yeah! George Bush doesn't care about beavers!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Chet,George Bush didn't break that beaver dam! It was terrorists and Al Qaeda!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 3,They've been secretly building beaver dam WMDs for years now! [a few other voices rise up to mention WMDs]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Marsh kitchen, later on. Randy is washing dishes, Sharon is drying them off. Stan appears at the kitchen entrance."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Mom, Dad? [hesitating] The, they're gonna go help those people, right?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,"I don't know. You know, to me, it seems like the mayor of Beaverton should've done something about that dam years ago."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Don't blame the mayor, Sharon. What about FEMA? Think this whole thing is really their fault."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Ye-but, uh, s-somebody's gonna help the people off their, their rooftops, right?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"That's not important right now, son. What's important is figuring out whose fault this is. [nothing more is exchanged between Stan and his parents]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School, next day. The kids gather to enter the school."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,The school hall. Cartman is putting a blue folder away in his locker. Stan approaches.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Dude! Dude, did you see the news last night?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Yeah.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,You saw all those people trapped on their roofs?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Shyeah, that was pretty funny."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Pretty funny?! Dude, we did that!! That was our fault!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Hehey, no! We aren't the ones who built a town beneath a giant beaver dam, okay?! That's their fault!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,But they're trapped now and nobody's helping them!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Well they should've gotten out of there!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,Maybe they couldn't get out!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,We did!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Dude, ah I just... [walks around in a fog of worry] ah I don't know what to do here."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Ah ah ah, ah, I know what you're thinking, Stan. You're thinking, you're gonna go tell Kyle. Look, I know you think he's your best friend, but Kyle is a Jew rat! He has his Jew ethics while he hoards his greedy Jew gold, and he will Jew you out if you tell him about this!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,[walks up behind Stan] Hey dudes. [Stan stands to one side so he can see Kyle clearly]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Oh hey, Kyle."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,Sorry I couldn't make it yesterday. What'd you guys do?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[looks at Cartman, then] Nothing."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[smiling proudly] Hngh, totally."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Butters,"[appearing] Hey, everybody, they just found out what caused the flood in Beaverton! [the other kids present in the hall follow Butters away. Kyle goes as well.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,[throws down his cap] Aw crap!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria. Mr. Mackey stands next to a TV, and Principal Victoria goes up to join him. The kids are chatty."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mr. Mackey,"Quiet, children, quiet! We need to hear."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,"At first, nobody knew what caused the dam to break, but now, shocking new evidence has indicated that the flood in Beaverton was caused by... global warming! [everyone gasps. A new graphic appears onscreen - a globe] It now appears that... all rumors of global warming were true. We were warned this would happen and ...we didn't listen! [buries his face in his hands in anguish] We didn't listen! [composes himself] All the top Colorado geologists have gathered at the governor's office for an emergency meeting."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Governor's office, day. Randy addresses his peers in a meeting room."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Ladies and Gentlemen, if Global Warming has in fact already caused the Beaverton flood, then this is only the beginning. The effects are going to spread. What we are looking at is a global warming catastrophe the likes of which we've never seen. [excited voices fill the room]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Geologist 1,"Excuse me, sir, but, ...when? When is this going to happen?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"My colleagues in the scientific community are still running tests, but... we believe it may happen... the day after tomorrow. [excited voices fill the room again: ""Peas and carrots! Peas and carrots! Peas and carrots!""]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Geologist 2,"[an elderly gent] Excuse me, I'm sure we're all very impressed with your wild theories, Doctor uh, Marsh, but the fact is no statistical proof has ever been confirmed that global warming exists. Are you suggesting we shut down the economy?!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"With all due respect, cliché dissenting Republican, the economy isn't going to matter... the day after tomorrow. [excited voices fill the room again: ""Peas and carrots! Peas and carrots! Peas and carrots!"" The double doors open]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scientist 1,Listen! Listen! We've finished running the tests!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scientist 2,Global Warming is going to strike... two days before the day after tomorrow.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[alarmed] Oh my God... That's today! [a few seconds of silence, then all the geologists begin to panic. Papers fly around the room as most of the geologists run outside.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,Grocery Mart. The shoppers there begin to panic. News does spread fast.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,The town. Everyone panics. Some shoppers run through town with shopping carts of food.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,The school. Everyone clear out.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 5,[runs by in front of the school] We didn't listen!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[pulls up in the family car, with everybody else already inside] Stan! Get in the car! We have to evacuate!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 6,"[runs by in front of the camera] We didn't listen! [Wendy and her father run by, Anne and her mother run by.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"A highway, bumper to bumper traffic on the way out. A lot of drivers beep their horns hoping other drivers in front of them start moving."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[beeping his own horn] Come onnn, come on!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,It's useless. This traffic isn't moving!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Dad, isn't it possible the flood wasn't caused by global warming? I, I mean, the water was held back by a giant beaver dam, after all."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"No, Stan, I'm afraid us adults just let you children down. We didn't take care of our earth, and now you've inherited our problems."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Driver,We didn't listen!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[hears this and rolls down his window] We, we didn't listen! [rolls up his window] Come on! Everyone grab what you can! We have to walk! [the Marshes get out the car, carrying what they can, and leave the highway. In town the looting continues. An elderly man carrying a TV comes into view...]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 7,"[drops the TV and points] Oh Jesus, here it comes!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 8,"Global warming! [everyone runs away from whatever the man was pointing to, and soon the street is empty.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 9,[in the middle of the crowd] It's coming! Here comes global warming!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 10,"We didn't listen! [a camera in the sky begins to act the part of Global Warming as it focuses on a man and zooms in on him. The man turns and freezes in his tracks. The POV changes to a camera on the sidewalk watching the man's reactions. The man turns over a few times and stops moving, but no other camera is seen]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[moving along with his family] Come on, hurry! [the panicking crowd overtakes them]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 11,"It's right behind us! [the Marshes stop to let the crowd through, then start moving again. The crowd returns and passes them again in the opposite direction] It's coming the other way! [the Marshes stop, then run back the way they came]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Go back, go back!!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Park County Community Center, day. Stephen Stotch stands at the entrance urging people inside."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,Everyone into the community center! Hurry! Go!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[arrives to lend a hand] Get inside! We have to close these doors! [everyone for miles around comes and fills up the center. Again, the Global Warming camera focuses on the entrance and floats its way towards it. The last two people around, Stephen and Randy, close the doors just before the camera gets there.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Park County Community Center, inside. Randy has taken command of global warming preparations."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Come on, we've got to board up that last window! Seal off all the doorways! We must try to protect ourselves from the global warming."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sheila,"Mr. Garrison, are you all right?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mrs. Garrison,I'm in pretty bad shape. My... leg is broken and my... left boob is leaking
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,"[arrives with a blanket to wrap around Stan, who has a cot to sleep in, and is seated on it] Here you go, sweetheart."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Mom, you know, those people in Beaverton are still trapped in the flood."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,"I know, but, I'm afraid it's too late for them, sweetie. We have to try and save ourselves now."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,"Shh, shh! We've got the television working! [one of two TVs in front of the crowd comes to life]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Announcer,This is a FOX News update! Global Warming Disaster!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Anchor,"Global warming appears to have struck as predicted in the Colorado Rockies! All around the country, panic and chaos are settling in!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Field reporter,"Tom, I am standing just outside of Chicago, where the panic of global warming has already caused countless deaths. Already we're reporting that the death toll here in Chicago is over 600 billion people"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Officer Barbrady,Oh God.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,"[turns around in anger] This is all your fault, Jimbo!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Jimbo,Me??
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,"Yeah! You drive that damn SUV around! You didn't even think about global warming, DIDJA?!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"[with a cup of water, approaches Stan] Can you believe it, Stan? I never thought global warming could happen so fast. I guess... I didn't listen."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Kyle, it... it isn't global warming."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,Huh?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[hops off his cot] Global warming isn't happening right now. It's, it's not what caused the Beaverton flood."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,How do you know that?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Because, I know what did cause the flood."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,George Bush?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,Terrorists?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,Communists?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,Chinese radicals?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,...Cartman?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,...sort of.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,[throws down his cup] Cartman flooded Beaverton?!!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[pulls him aside to a more private area] Shh! Not, not exactly. We were messing around in this guy's new boat, and Cartman egged me on, and, and I crashed it into the Beaverton dam."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"[thinks a bit] Dude, you have to tell everyone. Right now."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[arrives] Hey Stan. [studies Stan and Kyle's faces] Oh Goddammit you told Kyle, didn't you?!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"Stan, people in Beaverton are still trapped on their roofs. Nobody's helping them because they think they can't go outside."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Oh, here we go. See? I told you! If you're so caring, Kyle, why don't you share some of your Jew gold with the people caught in the flood?!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Look, maybe, maybe we can help those people in Beaverton ourselves."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,How?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Why?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"We can sneak out of here, get a boat, and go help them off their roofs. That way, I can do the right thing, but still lie about it."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[addressing the crowd] Listen, listen everyone! Nobody can leave this building!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mrs. Garrison,"But... we need supplies, food, silicone."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"You go outside, and you'll die! By now, the global warming has... shifted the climate, [steps up to a laptop and presses a key. A rotating graph appears, with the graph line dipping low] bringing on a new ice age. Within the hour, the temperature outside will fall to over 70 million degrees below zero!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,Jesus.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"All we can do... is try to wait it out, as long as we can."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,And... the rest of the country?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"[sighs as he moves from the laptop to the blackboard and pulls out a marker] Everyone below this line [draws a line from the border of Colorado and New Mexico to West Virginia] will have to be evacuated to the south. Everyone above this line [draws a line from the border of Colorado and Montana to Lake Erie] is already dead. People like us in the middle states have to ride it out. [draws two lines connecting the two longer lines, around Indiana] The balmy southwestern states [draws an open circle around Arizona, most of New Mexico, California and Nevada] might have a chance but, New York [draws a short line around it] will have tidal waves that envelop all of the northeast. [the crowd looks at it for a long time, then a man puts his hand to his mouth and starts chuckling] What, Frank?! [Frank points at the inadvertent phallus Randy drew on the map. Randy looks and realizes what he did] Aw awww, Goddammit! [goes to scribble all over the map so the dong isn't so noticeable.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"Beaverton, day. The flooded town is shown, and in the background, the shattered dam and empty lake."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 1,"Hello? Anybody? We'd like to be rescued, please. Any day now."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 2,Why haven't they come for us?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 1,I... I don't know.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 3,"Wait, look! Here comes a boat!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 2,Really? Oh! It's about time!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Wife,"Oh Kevin, we're saved! [buries her face in his shoulder]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 3,It looks like... three little boys.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 1,"Hey, we'll take it! [they all start waving their arms] Over here, yes! Thank you! Thank you! [the boys appear, going backwards and screaming. They head for Beaverton Oil, a refinery nearby, and crash into it. The boys fall out of the boat and into the water, then pop up right away. Oil begins to pour out of pipes the boat broke upon crashing, and fire follows the oil. The oil slick rushes past the flooded homes, with fire riding it, and a wall of flames rises up] Oh, thanks. Thanks. That's a LOT better."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"Beaverton Oil, inside. The boys turn to watch the boat burn."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,We can't get out! The flames are too big!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[turns around and heads towards Stan] Oh great! You see, Stan?! This is what you get for listening to Kyle! [Kyle turns and looks at him] ""Oh, you've gotta help those people. It's your responsibility."""
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"[walks towards Stan] Stan, it's over. You have to admit what you did so our parents can help us! [Stan looks down, unsure what to do]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Park County Community Center, inside. Preparations are ongoing."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,Stan?? Stan!!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,Randy! We've looked everywhere! Kyle's missing too!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,Oh my God! Where would they go?!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,"[on the public phone] Randy, Randy! Your son's on the phone!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,[gets to the phone and takes the receiver from Stephen] Stan??
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Uh, hey Dad."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Stan, you're alive!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Dad, we're, we're trapped in Beaverton, We're, we were trying to save everyone!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Stan, you must listen to me! You must stay indoors! Do not try to go out! Global warming has brought in a new ice age!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"No, Dad, listen: I need to tell you something."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"What is it, son?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Nothing. Can you just come get us, please?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"You just stay put, son! I'm coming for you! Do you hear me?? I'm coming for you!! [hangs up the phone and struggles with his emotions, then grabs his coat and scarf and bundles up]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mr. Mackey,"Randy, wheh-where are you going?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,I'm going to Beaverton.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,[Craig's father] You can't go out there! You'll freeze to death!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,My son is counting on me!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,I'm going with you.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,You can't go out there! You'll freeze to death!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,You can't do this alone!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,Let me go too.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 12,You can't go out there. You'll freeze to death.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"All right, come on, both of you! We've gotta pull together every warm piece of clothing we can find."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"South Park, day. If there's an ice age now, it certainly doesn't show. Randy, Gerald and Stephen are much too warmly dressed. They walk through town chain-gang style. Randy leads the men forward and takes a deep breath. Stephen collapses at the back end of the chain. Gerald and Randy spin around."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,"Stephen! [Stephen mumbles but can't get up] Stephen, you have to keep moving!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stephen,I can't go on! Feel so... hot.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,Feeling warmth is a symptom of the last stages of hypothermia!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,Oh Jesus... [looking woozy] I feel warm too!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,"Yeah, me too. [walks around Gerald] Stephen, we've gotta keep moving! We're in deep hypothermia, all of us! We've gotta keep the blood flowing! [bends down to help Stephen up]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Gerald,"Maybe we should... strip these jackets off, and warm our bodies next to each other!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,Don't be a fag! [turns around] Come on! We can make it! [the men move forward again] We have to try!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Pentagon, day."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,"Come on, people, we're running out of time! We need all Army helicopters to the Southern states for evacuation NOW!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Officer,Sir! More people in Beaverton are calling. They say they're trapped in floods and fire now.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,"Tell them that the government can't help them, but that we're very sorry. You know the plan, people! We can only evacuate citizens below this line! [the very line Randy mentioned]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scientist,"E-excuse me, General?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,WHAT??
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scientist,"We've just compiled some new information. The er, the flood in Beaverton wasn't caused by global warming after all."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,What??
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scientist,We know the truth now. We know what caused it! [hands the general a photo. The general looks at it and his eyes grow big]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,Oh my God. Quick! Radio the helicopters!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"Beaverton, day. The flooded town is shown, but now there is fire as well. Almost every building is in frames, as is the town sign."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,Beaverton Gas. The boys wander around.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Help! Help! [a large drum falls from the ceiling in front of Kyle]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"Dude, this whole building is going to collapse!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,We have to find a way out! [the boys start climbing the metal stairs]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"Beaverton, day. The army helicopters start showing up. The general leads the rescue effort."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,"[through his bullhorn] Don't worry, everyone. The government is here to save you. [the helicopters hover above the homes and drop rope ladders down]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Resident 1,"Oh wow, thank you so much! What a swift and speedy rescue!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,Beaverton Gas. The boys climb up further.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Come on! We've gotta get to the roof! [another drom falls near Kyle, shearing off the stairs they just climbed. Kyle falls on his ass and gets up]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"Oh Jesus, we have to hurry!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[stops before an opening in the wall, where he sees sky and...] It's- it's helicopters! They finally came to help everyone! [Kyle and Cartman are on a landing below. Kyle tries to catch up to Stan, but Cartman blocks his way]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Not so fast, Kyle."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,What are you doing?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,Hand over the gold!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,What gold??
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,You know what I'm talkng about!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"No, Cartman, I have no idea what you're talking about!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,All Jews carry gold in a little bag around their necks! Hand it over!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[drops down a few steps and calls] Guys, come on! [goes back up the stairs]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,Jews do NOT carry gold in a little bag around their necks.Cartman! Stop playing around!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[pulls out a 9 mm handgun, hopefully fake.] I'm not playing around, Kyle! If we survive this, I don't intend to live in poverty! Give me your Jew gold now!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"Dude, we don't have time for your stupid jokes! We're gonna die!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Yes, but you can live if you give me your Jew gold! The decision is yours, Kyle!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"Goddamnit, you know I don't carry gold in a little bag around my neck, Cartman! Whattaya want from me?!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"I want... your Jew gold! [Kyle has run out of things to say and stands there. Cartman glowers at him, ready to fire the gun if he moves]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Kyle,"...Okay, fine! Here! [opens his coat and pulls out a small black bag, and hands it to Cartman] Now let's go!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[moves the bag around for heaviness] Do you think I'm stupid?! I know that all Jews carry fake bags of gold around their necks to keep the real bags of gold around their necks safe! Hand over the real Jew gold, Kyle!! [Kyle, angered at this delaying tactic, pulls out another small bag from under his coat and walks over to Cartman. Cartman laughs evilly as Kyle approaches. Kyle smiles an evil smile back and tosses the second bag over his shoulder and into the fire below. Cartman rushes over to grab it, but doesn't get there in time Kyle rushes up the stairs at the other end of the landing] No! Noooooo! [watches the fire]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"Beaverton Oil, roof. A helicopter hovers over a roof opening. Stan and Kyle climb out of the building and head towards the helicopter, and climb on. Cartman climbs out of the building as the helicopter takes off."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"Hey! Wait up, you assholes! God! [runs up to the platform and jumps on. The helicopter flies off]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"The Park County Community Center, inside. Everyone sits and waits."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mr. Mackey,"Hey, look everybody! Helicopters! [a few people move forward to catch a glimpse though a crack among the boards nailed against the entrance]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,"They, they've got the boys!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Tom,Global warming must be over!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 13,"We made it! [the crowd cheers, ""We made it! Yeah! Woohoo""]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Scene Description,"South Park, outside. Three helicopters touch down in the middle of South Park Av. and drop off the Beaverton residents as well as the boys. The mothers approach."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,Stanley! [stands next to him and goes down on one knee.]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sheila,"Kyle! [Randy, Gerald, and Stephen are still sprawled on the ground nearby.]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Randy,[raises his head] Stan? [turns to the other two men] We've found Stan! Ugh. [faints again]
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Mr. Mackey,"So does, does this mean the storm is past. Global warming's over?"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,General,"Global warming didn't cause the Beaverton flood. We know now whose fault it is. [The boys look up. Stan is a little worried.] It was... [pulls out the picture he was handed earlier, and it's a crab person] Crab people!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Crowd,Ohhhh.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Theme,"Crab People, Crab People, Taste like-"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[steps forward] Stop it! Stop it!! First it was terrorists, then George Bush and global warming and now you're all blaming crab people for something that's very simple! It's MY fault. I broke the dam. [the crowd falls silent for a few seconds]"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,...Aw man.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Sharon,[steps forward] Stanley. You?
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 14,No. Don't you see what this child is saying? We can't spend all our energy placing blame when something bad happens. He's saying... we all broke the dam. '
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No. I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Woman 1,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 15,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 16,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No. I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Woman 2,And I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 17,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Cartman,"[steps forward] Hehe, I broke the dam. Hehe."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 18,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Woman 3,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"[annoyed that his admission isn't taking hold, adds emphasis] I broke the dam. I ran a boat into the dam and I broke it."
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 19,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 20,[deep voice] I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 21,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 22,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,No! I broke the fucking dam!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 23,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 24,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,I literally broke the dam!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 25,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 26,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,On a boat! That wasn't mine!
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 27,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 28,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"I kept it secret, for two days!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 29,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 30,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"The boat caught on fire, and it exploded!"
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 31,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Man 32,I broke the dam.
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow,Stan,"Ohhh, fuck it!"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Cartman's basement, afternoon. The fourth grade boys are seated at a large conference table. Stan and Kyle come down the stairs and see the rest of the boys. At table are, counterclockwise, Clyde, Kevin, Token, Craig, Bradley, Butters, a black-haired boy, Timmy, Francis, Tweek, and Kenny."
Marjorine,Kyle,What are all you guys doing here?
Marjorine,Clyde,I don't know. I got this emergency letter from Cartman that said to meet in his basement. [shows letter]
Marjorine,Stan,"Yeah, us too."
Marjorine,Cartman,"[closes the door and comes downstairs] Ah, gentlemen, thank you for coming. We don't have a lot of time, so I'll cut to the chase. The girls at our school have been hiding something from us, hiding something huge."
Marjorine,Craig,What?
Marjorine,Cartman,"What if I were to tell you that the girls have a device, which allows them to see... into the future."
Marjorine,Stan,What?
Marjorine,Butters,How do you know?
Marjorine,Kyle,The girls do not have a device that shows them the future Cartman. That's retarded.
Marjorine,Clyde,"[in an English accent. Cartman looks on, startled] YOU, SIR, MOCKED CARTMAN BEFORE, YET YOU TWO SIT HERE DEMANDING ANSWERS! [bangs on the table twice with his fist] NOW DAMN YOU, LET HIM SPEAK!"
Marjorine,Cartman,"Thank you, Clyde. Uh, I'm afraid it's true. [pulls TV from the back] I secretly videotaped the girls in the playground yesterday using my Wellington Bear video camera [shows the camera]. I caught the following images on tape. I warn you, this images maybe be too shocking for young children."
Marjorine,Butters,Okay. I'm not lookin'. [buries his face in his arms]
Marjorine,Cartman,Video playback initialized. [presses play on the remote control and the screen shows the girls playing]
Marjorine,Scene Description,"School yard, playing on the TV"
Marjorine,Girls,[laugh]
Marjorine,Bebe,"Okay, okay. My turn, do me now!"
Marjorine,Kale,Okay Bebe. What do you want to know?
Marjorine,Bebe,I want to know if I'm gonna live in a big mansion in the future.
Marjorine,Kale,"Okay, let's find out. Ready? [pulls out a paper fortune teller] Pick a number."
Marjorine,Bebe,Four.
Marjorine,Kale,"One, two, three, four. Okay, pick a color."
Marjorine,Bebe,Blue.
Marjorine,Kale,B-L-U-E. All right pick another color
Marjorine,Bebe,[off-screen] Red.
Marjorine,Kale,"'Kaaay. Okay, will Bebe live in a big mansion in the future? [opens an interior flap] Definitely yes!"
Marjorine,Bebe,All right!
Marjorine,Girls,"Woohoo! You rock, Bebe!"
Marjorine,Boys,Whoa! Wow!
Marjorine,Red,Do me next. I wanna know if I'm gonna marry somebody cute.
Marjorine,Heidi,I'll do it! I'll do it! [takes the teller from the Kal] Pick a number.
Marjorine,Red,Three.
Marjorine,Heidi,"One, two, three. Now, pick a color."
Marjorine,Clyde,Where did they get that thing? [Kyle shushes him]
Marjorine,Heidi,G-R-E-E-N.
Marjorine,Red,Now blue!
Marjorine,Heidi,The answer is no. [girls laugh at her]
Marjorine,Red,Aw dangit!
Marjorine,Stan,"Oh my God, how does it know the answer?"
Marjorine,Craig,I... don't believe it.
Marjorine,Cartman,"Believe it. The girls can ask any question they want and it gives the answer. Freeze image! [presses the pause button] Gentlemen, we have to get our hands on that device."
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard. The boys set up a containment tent. Token, Jason, and Kenny use pulleys to pull up the tent curtains. Craig and Bradley pull up a chalkboard with pictures of the girls. Someone rolls out the blueprints of the future telling device. The boy with the blue cap carries a box of equipment over to somewhere. The boys do other various tasks, Francis is at another computer."
Marjorine,Cartman,[comes to Clyde and Kevin's table] How is the incubation shield coming Clyde?
Marjorine,Clyde,"It's all set. Once we have the device, it can be housed in here safely until we know what we're dealing with."
Marjorine,Cartman,"Good man. [goes over to the computer Kyle, Stan, and Token are working on] Any luck here?"
Marjorine,Kyle,The outside of the device seems to be covered in numerals. Inside are colors... which must open up to some sort of temporal time warp.
Marjorine,Cartman,"Good. Keep working. We want to know all we can before we try to operate it. [moves to the middle of the tent] All right, gentlemen, our containment center for the time warp is nearly complete. All that's left for us to do is get the device from the girls and bring it here."
Marjorine,Craig,Let's go take it!
Marjorine,Cartman,"Don't be a fool, Craig. Do you really think the girls are just gonna hand that technology over?"
Marjorine,Stan,So what do you suggest?
Marjorine,Cartman,"Heidi Turner [turns on a projector on which is shown her picture] is going to have a slumber party on Thursday night. There's no doubt in my mind the girls will be using the future-telling device there. If we... can get somebody invited to that slumber party, not only can we get a hold of the device, but find out how to use it."
Marjorine,Stan,"Yeah, there's just one problem: a boy can't go to a chicks' slumber party."
Marjorine,Cartman,"No, not a boy, but a girl. One of us is gonna have to go undercover, show up in school tomorrow disguised as the new girl who just moved to town."
Marjorine,Kevin,"You mean like that movie, Juwanna Mann?"
Marjorine,Cartman,"No, not like Juwanna Mann, Kevin, okay? It's way cooler than that!"
Marjorine,Stan,"But if one of us pretends to be the new girl in class, the girls will wonder where that boy went."
Marjorine,Cartman,"Which is why we have to fake that boy's death. It's simple spy stuff, my friends. Take your top man, fake his death, then send him in disguised as the enemy."
Marjorine,Kyle,That's a pretty solid idea. But who?
Marjorine,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, night. A police stops and two police officers arrive at the front door and knock the door"
Marjorine,Officer 1,Mr. and Mrs. Stotch?
Marjorine,Stephen,"Yes? What is it, officer?"
Marjorine,Officer 1,You'd better come quick.
Marjorine,Officer 2,Your son is at the Bowery Building threatening to kill himself.
Marjorine,Linda,What?!
Marjorine,Scene Description,"The Bowery Building. Police and people are gathering on the grounds and two spotlights shine on Butters who's standing on the roof's edge, ready to fall"
Marjorine,Officer 2,Don't do it son! You have too much to live for! [a patrol car pulls up with Stephen and Linda]
Marjorine,Linda,"Oh my God, Butters!"
Marjorine,Butters,"Oh uh, hi Mom."
Marjorine,Cartman,"[behind Butters] Just keep stalling, Butters. We don't have the dead pig quite ready yet. [Clyde, Stan, and Craig dress the pig while Cartman makes a Butter mask for it]"
Marjorine,Stephen,"[grabs the bullhorn from the officer] Butters? Butters, whatever is troubling you, this isn't the answer. Look at all these people who've come out for you! Just come down, son, and... we promise we won't ground you for more than a couple of weeks."
Marjorine,Butters,"N'aw geez! Now I'm gonna get grounded, too."
Marjorine,Cartman,"Okay, it's ready! Step down, Butters. [the pig is done, Butters steps down, and the pig is shoved into place]"
Marjorine,Linda,"He, h-he's coming down! Oh thank God!"
Marjorine,Officer 1,"No, wait. What... what's he doing? [the Butters mask appears over the ledge]"
Marjorine,Cartman,"Okay. One! Two! [Craig, Clyde, and Stan push the dressed pig]"
Marjorine,Officer 3,"JESUS CHRIST! [Linda screams. The pig drops to the ground and explodes, splattering everyone around with blood and guts]"
Marjorine,Linda,OHHHH MY GOD!!
Marjorine,Doctor,[walks up to the body and rests his finger on a completely exposed blood vein] He... didn't make it.
Marjorine,Linda,NOOOOO!! NOOOOO!! My son is DEAD!! NOOOO!!
Marjorine,Cartman,Nice.
Marjorine,Scene Description,South Park Cemetery
Marjorine,Priest Maxi,"And he shall be remembered as the peaceful little boy who warmed his parent's hearts. [Linda sobs uncontrollably] Lord, as we commit this child's body to the earth, may we ask it'd be the last child you strike down so mercilessly. We know this request to be futile, Lord, but just though we would ask. [the casket is lowered]''"
Marjorine,Linda,NOOOO! NOOOO! BUTTERS! [jumps on the casket and Stephen and another woman holds her] Don't put him down there! Don't put him down there!
Marjorine,Scene Description,"South Park elementary, Ms. Garrison enters"
Marjorine,Ms. Garrison,"Okay children, let's take our seats. Now I know that we're all still in deep, deep mourning over the tragic death of our classmate, Butters."
Marjorine,Red,Who's Butters?
Marjorine,Ms. Garrison,"But we all must try to move on. And so I'd like you to help me welcome a new student who was just moved here from Dallas. Children please say hello to... Marjorine. [Butters enters dressed as Marjorine, a blonde girl, with wig askew]"
Marjorine,Butters,Oh... Thank you. [curtsies]
Marjorine,Cartman,"[whispers to Stan]Dude, I think it's totally working. The girls are totally buying it. [clears his throat]"
Marjorine,Ms. Garrison,"Why don't you tell the children a little bit about yourself, Marjorine?"
Marjorine,Butters,"Well, I'm just a typical little girl. I like dancin' and ponies. a-and [squeezes his eyes shut] getting my snootch pounded on Friday night."
Marjorine,Clyde,Nice.
Marjorine,Ms. Garrison,"Now Marjorine, that's not very ladylike. Us Colorado girls love to get pounded in the snootch just like any woman, but we keep it to ourselves."
Marjorine,Butters,Oh...
Marjorine,Bebe,That girl sure has a strange sense of fashion.
Marjorine,Cartman,"[pretends like he's yawning] Dude, they totally think he's a girl. [coughs]"
Marjorine,Ms. Garrison,"All right, have a seat, Marjorine. I'm sure all the other girls will be happy to show you around the school. [the girls look cross] Won't you, girls?"
Marjorine,Red,Where do you buy your clothes?
Marjorine,Butters,"Oh. Uhm, you know. Girl places."
Marjorine,Cartman,"[pretends like he's yawning] Dude, they've bought it hook line and sinker. [coughs] This is going swimmingly. [coughs]"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Turner's house, basement. Heidi is stirring lemonade."
Marjorine,Mrs. Turner,"[enters the basement carrying a bowl] Heidi, sweetie, I'm just gonna set the snacks over here."
Marjorine,Heidi,'Kay Mom.
Marjorine,Mrs. Turner,"Oh, and Heidi, there's going to be one extra girl coming to your slumber party."
Marjorine,Heidi,Who?
Marjorine,Mrs. Turner,"The new girl in your class, Marjorine."
Marjorine,Heidi,"Mom, I didn't invite her!"
Marjorine,Mrs. Turner,"I know, sweetie, but I got a call from Marjorine's mother."
Marjorine,Heidi,Her mother?
Marjorine,Mrs. Turner,"She said Marjorine is having a really hard time being in a new school. Her mom asked me personally if we could have Marjorine over, and besides, her mother told me that she works as a state official and that I should [slows down a bit] respect her authoratay."
Marjorine,Scene Description,Stotch house. Linda is crying in the bedroom.
Marjorine,Stephen,"Linda? Linda, please come downstairs."
Marjorine,Linda,[through her tears] Why couldn't we help him? Why is our little boy dead? [continues crying. Stephen leaves her alone and walks downstairs]
Marjorine,Stephen,"[sees Butters on a family portrait] Oh butter! Oh Butters, I miss you so much! [the doorbell rings and he opens the door]"
Marjorine,An Old Farmer,Mr. Stotch. I know what you're thinkin'.
Marjorine,Stephen,Who are you?
Marjorine,An Old Farmer,"[in a spooky accent] I came to talk you out of it. You need to... just accept that your son is dead, not try to bring him back."
Marjorine,Stephen,Bring him back? W-What are you talking about?
Marjorine,An Old Farmer,"[comes in] I know you're thinkin' of puttin'; him up there, the Indian Burial Ground up that road. You're thinking if you bury his body there, he will come back alive. Sometimes, dead is better."
Marjorine,Stephen,Indian... Burial Ground?
Marjorine,An Old Farmer,"It's been done before, what you're thinkin' of. The Nelson boy, back in '85."
Marjorine,Stephen,"You're saying if I... dig up my son's body and rebury him at the... old Indian Burial Ground, that I-"
Marjorine,An Old Farmer,"Don't do it Stotch! What comes out of the ground ain't the thing you put in. The Indians knew that. That's why they stopped using it when the ground went sour. I'm just here to talk you out of it. [walks towards the front door, which is still open, then turns around] Don't bury your son's body at the Indian Burial Ground, Stotch! The one that's right up over there, behind Andersons' bar. Sometimes... dead is better. [walks out]"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Heidi's house. Across the street, the boys peek out from behind bushes"
Marjorine,Stan,"All right, Butters, that's Heidi's house."
Marjorine,Butters,"[dressed as Marjorine] I can't do it, fellas. I can't go into a girls' slumber party! What if they find out I ain't a girl?"
Marjorine,Clyde,You're gonna be fine.
Marjorine,Cartman,"Now Butters, we don't know exactly what is that girls do at their slumber parties. But if they start, you know, lezzing out, just roll with it."
Marjorine,Butters,Lezzing out? What's lezzing out?
Marjorine,Kyle,"Now look, Butters, when the girls bring out the future-telling device, pay attention to how it works. Once you know how to operate it, just grab it and get the hell out of there."
Marjorine,Butters,Then I can go home and tell my mommy and daddy I'm not really dead?
Marjorine,Stan,"Yeah dude, of course. Now go, the party's already started."
Marjorine,Clyde,"Good luck, man. [Kyle gives him a push, and Butters is off]"
Marjorine,Cartman,"Remember Butters, you must get that future-telling device from the girls at all costs! And just roll with it if they start lezzing out. [Kyle glares at him]"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Heidi's house, basement. Heidi's father enters the room with the build of a bodybuilder, and her mother."
Marjorine,Mr. Turner,"All right, now we all want you to have a good time. But as Heidi's parents, tonight it is our responsibility to look out for all of you. There's not gonna be any drinking, no pot, and most importantly, if I catch any boys anywhere near this party, they're gonna be in a world of hurt. [Butters mumbles and sighs a bit] All right, have a nice time, girls. [both parents leave]"
Marjorine,Heidi,"So, what do you guys wanna do first?"
Marjorine,Bebe,"We could play ""girl talk."" [the other girls approve]"
Marjorine,Red,I bought the new Justin Timberlake CD. We should dance to it. [the other girls approve again]
Marjorine,Butters,How about we read each other's future?
Marjorine,Wendy,"I know. Let's do ""Light as a feather, stiff as a board."" [the girls approve, then spread out. Kale and Emily light candles and place them on the rug. Bebe turns the lights off, and the girls gather, making a circle around the candles] Who wants to do it first?"
Marjorine,Red,I will. [gets in the middle and lays down]
Marjorine,Butters,"Oh geez, are we gonna start lezzing out? [the girls look at Butters in astonishment for a moment, then they turn back to the center of the circle]"
Marjorine,Wendy,"Light as a feather, stiff as a board."
Marjorine,Girls,"[getting louder as Red begins to float upwards] Light as a feather, stiff as a board! [Red is floating, making Butters scream]"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Outside, the boys are hearing Butters scream."
Marjorine,Kyle,"Jesus, what are they doing in there?"
Marjorine,Cartman,God only knows the horrors that go on in girls' slumber parties. Let's just hope Butters can survive it.
Marjorine,Scene Description,Back to Heidi's house
Marjorine,Butters,"AAAAAAAH NOO! Witches! You're all witches! [Red floats back down, Bebe turn on the lights, and Heidi faces Butters]"
Marjorine,Heidi,"Marjorine, what is your problem?"
Marjorine,Butters,"Huh? Oh nothin'. Hey, you guys wanna tell each other's futures now?"
Marjorine,Red,"Yeah. I can tell your future, Marjorine! You're going to live alone your entire life because you're a nerdy, dorky geek."
Marjorine,Heidi,"Yeah, and your hair is totally stupid. [Butters looks at his hair ashamed]"
Marjorine,Bebe,"Yeah, and you're flat! [Butters looks down at his chest]"
Marjorine,Red,"Marjorine, why don't you just leave? Nobody wants you here!"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"South Park cemetery. Butters' tombstone is shown. Stephen approaches with a shovel, and kneels to the grave"
Marjorine,Stephen,"Hello son. Don't you worry. Daddy's gonna make everything all right again. [begins shoveling dirt out of the way as the sky crackles with thunder and lightning. He finally reaches the coffin and opens it] There he is. There's my boy! Come on, Butters! [lifts the pig out of the coffin] Oh... Butters... you smell like... bacon [carries the carcass] Don't worry. We're gonna bring you back, son. We're gonna bring you back!"
Marjorine,Scene Description,"Heidi's house, basement"
Marjorine,Wendy,I think we went too far with Marjorine.
Marjorine,Bebe,She's in the bathroom crying. [the girls move towards the bathroom]
Marjorine,Heidi,[knocks on bathroom door] Marjorine.
Marjorine,Butters,[sobbing inside] Nobody likes meee...
