Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[a soft acoustic guitar begins to play] Hello, I'm Tony Hayward, CEO of DP. Tearing a hole into another dimension is a tragedy that should have never happened. And as CEO, I would like to say... We're sorry. [sitting in an armchair by the fireplace stroking a sleeping lap puppy] We're sorry. [sitting in a prairie holding a dandelion] We're sorry. [blows the seeds off the dandelion stem. Next, he's in bed looking up somewhat seductively] Sohr-ry."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Jack Brolin's mansion, day. Captain Hindsight is at his desk looking glum."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,[appears] Captain Hindsight! Sir! Calls for help are pouring in! You've got to get out to the Gulf!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,I can't help anyone right now! Something came up.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"What, sir? You know you can tell me."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,Do you remember last week when I... got really really drunk?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,Yes sir.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Look at those photos on the desk. [the butler walks up to the desk and looks at the photos. The first one is Butters as Courtney Love posing for the camera and the homeless man standing on a stool behind him naked, with Hindsight's face photoshopped onto him. Next, it's Butters on the stool with the homeless man standing behind him. Next, it's Butters posing for the camera and standing on the homeless man's back]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"My God, is that you and... Courtney Love?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,'Course it's Courtney Love!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,But when did you have a-
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"I don't remember! That's just the point! I get drunk, I don't remember things! I shouldn't have drank that much, and I shouldn't have mixed alcohols! Alcohol shouldn't be legal! Oh it's maddening!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"That doesn't matter now, sir! People are getting hurt in the Gulf and they need to know what they could've done!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,I should have never kept that bottle of Macallan in the pantry! I should have never gotten around Courtney Love and a camera. I should-
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,Sir! SIR!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Another BP Crisis special report, continued"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"Creatures from another dimension continue to wreak havoc in the Gulf, and the question everyone is asking is, ""Where is Captain Hindsight?"""
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 6,"Where are you, Captain Hindsight?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cajun Shrimp Merchant,Where are d'you countih ninety-oh bebbly now is showmesitchcum.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"With Captain Hindsight missing, what superheroes can save the Gulf now?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Coon Headquarters. The Coon has his friends gathered around his Coon table. His smear campaign is a complete success
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"My fellow superheroes, I have done it. Hindsight is taken care of. And now the country can finally be made aware of Coon and Friends!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,There's more important things to discuss right now!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Right, Toolshed. Now, how do we deal with these creatures from another dimension?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,He means we need to discuss things with you!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Okay, what?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,"Aw, I don't wanna tell him. TupperWear, you tell him!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,TupperWear,I don't wanna tell him either.
Coon 2: Hindsight,The Human Kite,"I'll tell him. Coon, I'm sorry, but we're kicking you out of Coon and Friends."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,You're kicking me out of Coon and Friends.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,"We all voted, it was unanimous."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"You can't kick me out of Coon and Friends, I'm the fucking Coon!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,The Human Kite,"Look, we just believe that you have your goals and ways of doing things and they conflict with what we want to accomplish."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,But we get the headquarters and all the equipment.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,You don't keep anything! This is my basement and I'll tell my mom on you guys!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,We've already discussed this with her. Mrs. Cartman? [she walks in and approaches Mysterion]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Yes, Mysterion?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,Please escort the Coon out of our secret base.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"[takes Coon away from the table and up the stairs] Eric, I talked to you about beating up your friends, didn't I?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Mom, what the fuck?! The fuck are you doing?!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"upstairs. Liane takes Coon out of the basement and shuts the door. Coon tries to get back in, but can't"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Eric, you do not beat up your friends! And I told you I've had it with your language! [crosses her arms] Your punishment is that your friends will just play superheroes without you! Go to your room!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,[incredulous] You've gotta be fucking kidding me!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The DP boardroom, day."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 1,"Oh dear, we have certainly pooped our trousers this time!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"Yes, I'm afraid it's going to take more than another ""I'm sorry"" campaign to please everyone this time."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 2,"Oh, what a right pickle we're in. [a flying creature floats up past the windows carrying a screaming man]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 3,"There is no way to cut the dimensional portal, I'm afraid. The ocean currents and swells are simply too much to get any machines in."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"Wait a tick! [rises] Currents and swells, that's it! I think I know how to fix this!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 4,"How, by Jove?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,We drill.
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executives,"Drill of course, yes, yes, of course."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"I believe that if we drill on the moon, changing its gravitational pull on our ocean swells, we could cut the dimensional spill."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 5,I don't quite get it.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"We got into this mess by drilling heuh [the Gulf of Mexico], and heuh [somewhere in Peru]. Now, we need to drill heuh! [draws a drill bit entering the moon]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 6,That looks extremely promising!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"Our environment should stabilize if it's getting drilled here, here, and here at the same time."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 6,The seismic forces will be massive. Do you think the moon can take it?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[arms crossed] Oh, she'll take it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"A launch pad, day. A DP rocket takes off"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,The moon. DP's newest rig is now up and running as DP astronauts spread out from the rig. Nearby are the bodies of Willzy-x and Tom Cruise
Coon 2: Hindsight,Anchor Man,The DP Oil Company today drilled into the moon and appears to have caused even greater problems.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,"Uh oh, I have a feeling we'd better get into our costumes again, guys."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,News 4 Breaking News: DP unleashes Cthulhu
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"Tom, the DP Oil Company has had another drilling accident. [Cthulhu appears looming over the oil rig in the Gulf] This time they appear to have unleashed the dark and mighty Cthulhu. [Cthulhu swats a helicopter down with just a gentle wave of his right arm] The rise of Cthulhu from another dimension brings about three thousand years of darkness, Tom, where we will all be driven to madness and made to service Cthulhu's cult as slaves. The president of DP Oil released this press statement:"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[a soft acoustic guitar begins to play. First, Hayward is at his ranch looking at some horses. He turns around and faces the camera] As president of DP Oil, I want to say... We're sorry. [in the bathroom shaving] I'm deeply sorry. [naked on a bear rug before a fireplace, his butt cheeks rosy-red] Sorry."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Praise the dark Cthulhu, long may he reign."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,"It's up to us, guys. Let's get to the Gulf! [the seven suit up and leave the house. Mysterion goes to the camera and covers it with his cape]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Cartman is dressed as the Coon and stands in the window looking out over the backyard"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,[voice over] Darkness has taken over our town. The Coon and Friends have given in to evil. It's up to the Coon to stop them.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,Asshoooles! [leaps out of window]
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,VCI Goes A Bg on it then A comic book appears from Komik Faktory Press. Mysterion. The cover has him dropping down from the sky ready for action. Mysterion's voice is heard
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"I am Mysterion. Though only nine years old, I dedicate my life to helping people - when I'm not in school. [the book opens to a random page. On that page he is defeating Professor Chaos] For months now I've been protecting my town from crime. But now, something has happened that even I cannot fight alone. [a picture of the oil rig, updating every few seconds to show the spread of the oil slick] The BP Oil Company has drilled and caused a spill in the Gulf like no other. The President of BP apologized."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[on the rig] We're sorry.
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"But they drilled again, and tore open a portal into another dimension."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"[in the field, reclining for the camera] We're sorry. [some pages flip over and various creatures are shown]"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Creatures from that dimension are now wreaking havoc in the Gulf. BP tried to solve the problem by drilling on the moon, but instead they caused the dark lord Cthulhu to emerge."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"[on the bear rug by the fireplace, naked, on his belly] Sorry. [next page has the Coon and Friends as they burst forth from headquarters. Mosquito and Human Kite are shown flying.]"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"I have joined forces with other superheroes in my neighborhood to help save the Gulf. But even the other heroes do not know that unlike them, I do have a power. A power they will now begin to understand. And all will know who and what I truly am! [a swarm of ?'s flies around the screen, and the name of the episode appears]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Food for Little, day. The little superheroes are at two tables selling lemon bars. Five for $3"
Mysterion Rises,Woman 1,Just terrific what you boys are doing.
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Thank you, ma'am."
Mysterion Rises,Man 1,"[holding some bars] I'll take twenty lemon bars, you little rascals."
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"A terrific human interest story here, Tom. As America wonders what happened to Captain Hindsight, some Colorado kids are being a little ""superhuman"" themselves. They call themselves ""Coon and Friends,"" and they've been baking and selling lemon bars to help aid those affected in the Gulf crisis."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,We believe that every little bit helps.
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"Their little ""super club"" consists of seven young heroes. [the boys each strike a pose as they announce themselves]"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,Toolshed!
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,The Human Kite!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Mysterion!
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,TupperWear!
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,Mosquito!
Mysterion Rises,Iron Maiden,Timmah!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mint Berry Crrrunch! [twirls around]
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"The boys stated that there used to also be a hero named The Coon actually in the group, but they let him go because he was being quote, [reads from his cue card] ""a dick""."
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Mysterion, if Cartman's gone, why are we still calling ourselves Coon and Friends?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Because it pisses Cartman off beyond belief, and I find that [chuckles] extremely funny."
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,An airport lobby. Cartman awaits his flight with several other people. The group is waiting at Gate 34.
Mysterion Rises,Clerk,"Passengers waiting for flight 73 to New Orleans, we thank you for your patience, but the conditions in the Gulf are still delaying our departure. Unfortunately, we've just been informed that the dark lord Cthulhu has shat on the runway at the New Orleans airport, and we'll be delayed at least another hour."
Mysterion Rises,Passengers,Awwww!
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Come on, people! Some of us need to get to New Orleans NOW! [the other passengers look at him] Yes yes, I am the Coon."
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,The Coon? I've heard of that.
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Ya have?
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,I saw on TV. That superhero group that's helping with the Gulf spill. Coon and Friends.
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Actually, I'm no longer with Coon and Friends. I work on my own now."
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,Can I ask you a question?
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Yes, of course."
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,"Do you know Mint-Berry Crunch? What's he like? [Coon glares at her and then punches her out of her seat. He then pounces on her and begins to beat her up. A man comes to pull Coon off the girl, and she gets to punch him back. In comic book form, the man says ""That's it, Coon!"" while others cheer, ""GO COON!""]"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"[explains what's happening in the panels. He imagines her as bigger than him] The evil girl villain fought with all her might, but the Coon was too much for her. As people looked on and cheered for the Coon, he clawed and punched the villain's stupid fat face! [""TAKE THAT YOU EVIL BITCH""] This fight would not be the last the Coon fought. Next stop: New Orleans!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Food for Little, day. The little superheroes are at two tables selling lemon bars, but there are a few bars left."
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"That's almost it, superheroes. We're about out of lemon bars."
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Well then, perhaps we should return to our secret base and bake some more!"
Mysterion Rises,Iron Maiden,Timmah! [a man with a creepy fixed grin approaches them]
Mysterion Rises,Man 2,I'll take ten lemon bars.
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,Ten. Yes sir! [takes the man's cash and gives him the remaining bars]
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,That's definitely the last of them.
Mysterion Rises,Man 2,"You'll never stop him, you know. [Mosquito and Mint-Berry Crunch look at each other in foreboding music]"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,Stop who?
Mysterion Rises,Man 2,"The Great One. [his head sways back and forth as he speaks] Cthulhu. He has risen, and soon all will be under his rule. It has all been foretold in the Necronomicon. [takes his bars, turns around and walks away. He looks back briefly] Hail Cthulhu! The darkness of the mythos is finally here. [samples one of the bars] Oh man, these are really good lemon bars. [turns around and goes to his car]"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,The Necronomicon?
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,What's a mythos?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"I don't know, but I think we'd better find out."
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"All right, superheroes. Back to our secret base!"
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mint-Berry Crrunch!
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends secret base, former Coon headquarters, Cartman's basement. The superheroes rush in to find it in ruins"
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,What the hell?!
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,I knew it! Cartman tore our base up!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Not Cartman.
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"What do you mean ""Not Cartman,"" dude?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Whoever did this to our base was looking for something.
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[silhouette, holding a gun] Don't anybody move! [comes into the light, drunk] So you're the superheroes trying to blackmail me!"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Aw, dude, it's Captain Hindsight."
Mysterion Rises,Narrator,"Captain Hindsight, [the captain takes a sip of Macallan] the hero of the modern age. Once a reporter for the National News, Jack Brolin always had a knack for hindsight. [""Perhaps they should have called the police sooner""] Wanting to become the best-known reporter in the country, Jack tried an experiment to boost his hindsight levels. But then a freakish accident occurred when a retroactive spider got into the equipment. The reporter's hindsight was blasted to superhuman levels! [""It's too much!"" He holds his head together. ""I shouldn't have done that!""] For months he was able to use his new powers for good, fighting for peace, and the American way. [a panel shows him helping firefighters] With his three trusty companions, Shoulda, Coulda, and Woulda. [three creatures with only hind legs and lower lips thrust out] But now, the Hindsight that has saved so many threatens to consume Jack's very soul. It's Captaiiin Hindsight!"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,I shoulda never mixed vodka and Jack Daniels. I shoulda just gone to bed last night!
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Um dude, are you okay?"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,[cocks and aims his pistol at the boys] Where are the pictures?! Give every copy of the pictures to me NOW!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,"P-p-please sir, w-we don't know what you mean."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,[whips out the pictures mailed to him] You got pictures of me having sex with Courtney Love!
Mysterion Rises,Professor Chaos,Uhhh ohhh...
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Chaos! Why did you take those pictures?!
Mysterion Rises,Professor Chaos,"But uh, but, but the Coon said if I took the pictures he, he'd let me go home and, and I've missed four days of school now 'cause I've been-"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,Alright enough! What's going on?!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Hindsight, that isn't Courtney Love! Our former member, the Coon, tricked you!"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,It's not Courtney Love?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Please sir, put down the gun."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,No! What if I put down the gun and realize I shouldn't have?!
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Look dude, we don't need to play Superhero anymore. We can just go home."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,NO! Because I could realize I shoulda killed you all!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Then do it! [walks right up to the pistol and places himself at the end of the barrel] Pull the trigger, Hindsight! If you don't believe us then you don't have a choice! Pull the trigger, you pussy!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Dude, Kenny, ch-chill out."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,You guys go! I'll deal with this prick!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,"[the first up the stairs] Wuh uh okay, if you insist. Uh see ya, Kenny."
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"My mom did tell me I had to be home by five, I-"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,I said it's fine! Just go! [the other boys leave]
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"[stops] Uh, text me later, Kenny, if you wanna, like, play basketball or somethin'. [leaves]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"The Gulf. Cthulhu is tearing the piers apart. He takes a tilt-a-whirl and throws it at the fleeing crowd. The Coon climbs up the side of a roller coaster as burning pieces of it fall down past him. Soon the beach is clear of sunbathers and Coon reaches the top of the coaster. He runs along the tracks, jumping over any breaks. He runs to the end of the track, where the rest of it is missing, and looks at the dark lord"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Cthulhu! Cthulhu, dude! Over here! [Cthulhu turns around and looks at Coon] Hey Cthulhu. 'Sup? Yes, it is me, the Coon! But don't worry, I'm actually not here to fight you! We are not so different, Cthulhu. Though I am a superhero and you are a dark god from another dimension, perhaps, we can work together! [Cthulhu looks around] I know how it feels to want to take over and rule the earth and have everyone else be your slaves. I do, bro! But there's a group of superhumans who are going to stop at nothing to stop YOU! [Cthulhu leans towards Coon at eye-level] Good, I have your attention. The superhumans I speak of are right now working on plans to destroy you! They reside in Colorado and they are fucking assholes, and they all deserve to be sent into a dark oblivion! You can do that, right? Send people into a dark oblivion? 'Cause that's what those buttholes deserve! [Cthulhu withdraws and walks away] No-Dude! Dude, Colorado is that way! Where are you going?? [runs back down the track] Goddammit, why don't dark lords fuckin' listen?!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends secret base. Mysterion and Hindsight remain, Hindsight sways, intoxicated"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"It doesn't matter. [takes a swig of Macallan] Even if the pictures are fake. I can't take it anymore. [turns away] Do you have any idea what a curse it is to have perfect 20/20 hindsight? [takes another swig] As soon as something bad happens, I immediately know how it could have been avoided. I can't take it anymore!"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"People need you, Hindsight! [Hindsight takes a swig of Macallan] Without you they feel helpless and stupid."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"Well I don't want the power anymore, alright?!"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"You think your power's a curse?! Let me tell you something about curses, buttlicker! [turns around. Hindsight, curious, turns to face him] Because there's some superpowers that make yours look like nothing! Trust me, I know."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,Wha-? What is your power?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"[turns around] I can't die. [pauses] I've experienced death, countless times. Sometimes I see a bright light. Sometimes I see heaven. Or hell. But eventually, no matter what, I wake up in my bed, wearing my same old clothes. [turns away] And the worst part? Nobody even remembers me dying. I go to school the next day, and everyone is just like, ""Oh hey Kenny."" Even if they had seen me get decapitated with their own eyes. [faces Hindsight] You wanna whine about curses, Hindsight? You're talking to the wrong fucking cowboy."
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,Commercial
Mysterion Rises,Announcer,"And now, a special announcement from the president of BP and DP."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"Hello, I'm Tony Hayward. The tragic spill in the Gulf is a disaster that should have never happened. And as head of the oil company responsible, I would like to say, what should I do? [looks at the camera to his left] Should I admit we've made mistakes? [the spill is shown again] Should I remind you we've done this before? What should I do? Should I find newer and better ways to say I'm sorry? [Jumps out of a giant three-tiered BP cake with stars on his nipples: ""We're sorry.""]"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[at a podium] Should I really believe I ruined my legacy? [behind him is a large banner that reads ""Captain Hindsight""] What should I do?"
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[voice-over] What should I do?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,[voice-over] What should I do? [shown getting a massage] Should I forget about the past and not care about my powers?
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"Or should I tell you, ""I am not a role model."" [winks]"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[on the steps in the alley side of a building drinking Macallan] Seriously, what should I do?"
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[in Western Outlaw getup] Should I accept my role as the villain?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,[in a familiar alley] Maybe I should just... disappear.
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[at the rig inspecting the blueprints] Should I not have listened to my technicians who said a spill wouldn't happen? They're my technicians! [blinks twice]
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[on a darkened basketball court] Hindsight's a bitch, isn't it?"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,[thinking on the roller coaster track] Should I just apologize to my friends and ask them to take me back? Tell then that I was being a selfish jerk? [aloud] What should I do?
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,[in the chair that gave him his superpower] Should I get back in the chair? Remove my powers and just go back to being a simple reporter? [activates the chair]
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"[thinking on the roller coaster track] Should I admit I was wrong? Ask for everyone's forgiveness and go back to my original team? [aloud] Nah, screw that. I'm just gonna keep bein' a fuckin' dick! [jumps off the track]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Clyde's bedroom. Coon and Friends are at a desk, with Human Kite typing away on a computer keyboard"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"All right, superheroes, we've got to find out more about this Necronomicon thing!"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"Right, Toolshed!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Here we go: ""The Necronomicon contains an account of the Old Ones, their history, and the means for summoning them."""
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"""It is used by cults around the world, most notably the Cult of Cthulhu."""
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,"Aha! That's the cult the creepy man talked about, heroes. Uh, you okay, Mysterion?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"[away from the group, in deep thought] I'm fine."
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Ten arrested in South Park for cultish activity. This is from like, ten years ago."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,So these people have been waiting for Cthulhu a long time.
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Hey wait a minute. Dude. Mysterion, it's your parents."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Uhh, what? [goes to see. He looks at the screen and his expression changes to one of dismay. His parents are pictured getting arrested along with the creepy man and Mr. Adler, shop teacher, among others. In his normal voice] What the fuck?! I m-I mean, [going into his superhero voice] Uh, I mean, what the fuck?! [takes over as Human Kite leaves the chair]"
Mysterion Rises,Betsy,"[knocks on the door] Clyde? Clyde, I told you this morning to take the garbage out. [Betsy knocks some more. Mosquito, Human Kite, and Mint-Berry Crunch look at each other] Clyde, do you hear me?"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"[pulls his vuvuzela off his face] Okay Mom, just give me two minutes. [puts it back on] Nag nag nag. [buzzes a bit]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"More comic book pages appear, this time with Coon on them"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Convincing a giant creature from another dimension to do what you want is no easy task. After days of killing and conquering, Cthulhu is at rest. Now is my chance to make a move. Perhaps last time I was too forceful with the dark god. Too demanding. To get what it wants, sometimes a coon must be on the attack and vicious. [a raccoon is shown aiming to grab a sandwich from someone's left hand] But sometimes a coon must be cuddly and cute. [the same raccoon is shown sitting on its hind legs begging for the sandwich] Time for me to try and manipulate the most evil thing in all the universe. [as Cthulhu sleeps, Coon gets on its belly and giggles, then pats its belly. Cthulhu makes some sounds, then goes back to sleep] Who's the sleepy little man? [pats its belly again. This time Cthulhu sneezes and blows Coon off. Cthulhu licks his lips and goes back to sleep. Coon, undaunted, climbs right back on its belly. Giggling, he scoots closer. Cthulhu opens its eyes. Cartman smiles broadly] My name is the Little Coon. What is your name? [Cthulhu moans a bit, then open its mouth wide and roars. Coon struggles to stay on this time. When Cthulhu closes its mouth, Coon mimics him] Craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! [Cthulhu opens its eyes wide as Coon giggles. Cthulhu moans] You're a sleepy man ne, Cthulhu? [scratches Cthulhu's belly] Who's a needs a tummy rub? [Cthulhu makes moans happily]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,The McCormicks' bedroom. Stuart smokes a joint while his wife looks on. He coughs
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"You're hoggin' it all, asshole! [she reaches for it, but he keeps it away]"
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"'Cause I paid for it, you stupid bitch!"
Mysterion Rises,Carol,[she keeps reaching for it] You paid for it with the money I made washing dishes at the Olive Garden!
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,[pushes her off] I told you to shut up!
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"[punches him] Give to me, you prick! [they fight over the joint, suddenly realizing Mysterion is at their window watching them] AH! AAAAH! [both of them fall off the bed and then peer up from the side] Oh God he's back! It's that mystery kid again!"
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Uh what the hell do you want this time? Hey look, w-we did what you told us! W-w-we treat our kids better and we don't beat each other up as much."
Mysterion Rises,Carol,And we gave our sons allowances and stopped gettin' high every night. [Stuart realizes he's still holding the joint and chucks it away]
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,I'm not here about that.
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Oh. Uhuh, sss-so now what?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Ten years ago you were arrested for being in some kind of cult.
Mysterion Rises,Carol,[looks at Stuart] We were?
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"We've been arrested lots of times, Mysterio."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Mysterion. What is the Cult of Cthulhu?! [the parents look at each other]
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Oh, that thing. Nooo, we weren't in that stupid group. They just used to offer free beer at their meetings, so we would go."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,What happened at those meetings?
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Trust us, we don't remember. Uh uh, I know it sounds hard to believe, but we were actually really drunk the entire time."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,I don't find that hard to believe at all.
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"I swear, we haven't been back to their meetings ever since, even though we always still get invited."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,These people still meet? Where?
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,Where they always did. Jim McElroy's house.
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"They used to meet every Friday night. I think they still do. [and with that, Mysterion vanishes. The window remains open, but no one is in it. Carol gets back on the bed. Stuart gets the joint back, sits next to her, and lights the joint] Did that really just happen?"
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,I don't think so. [takes a drag]
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,A news report
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"Breaking news here in the Gulf, Tom. The dark ancient god Cthulhu has called for a press conference, The Old One told reporters in a statement released this morning that it has extremely exciting news."
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Ladies and Gentlemen, today we are pleased to announce the successful merger of Cthulhu, and the Coon. Cthulhu's track record for complete dominance and interdimensionary rule is without question. And now, coupled with the legitimacy and instantly recognizable brand name of The Coon, we intend to bring change and fight injustice. As the all-new Coon and Friends. And anybody else using that name for their benefit is breaking the law! Oh, what's that? There is another group using our trademarked name? Well, I guess we have a right to banish them to a dark oblivion, don't we?!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Jim McElroy's house, night. In the basement a robed man leads a group of cult followers in prayer"
Mysterion Rises,Followers,ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"The Old One has awakened! [draws back his hood; it's the creepy man, or Man 2, from earlier] A lot of us have waited a long time for this day. Well for all our South Park Cthulhu members old and new, it is time to par-tay! [lukewarm response. Outside, Coon and Friends watch from a low window]"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,There must be clubs like this all over the world.
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"We know some of these people. There's Mr. Adler, from shop class. And those two geeky computer guys."
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Oh my God, look! Back row. Aren't those the Goth kids?"
Mysterion Rises,Pete,I'm so freaking stoked that Cthulhu is gonna squash all the happy-go-lucky conformists.
Mysterion Rises,Michael,Yeah. I just hope he puts an end to the fucking Disney Channel.
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Dude, why would the Goth kids worship Cthulhu?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Makes sense. Unrelenting despair and a thousand years of darkness sounds pretty goth.
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"Now let us read from the Necronomicon. ""That is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons"""
Mysterion Rises,Followers,"""Even Death may die."" [the boys turn away from the window]"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"""In strange aeons even Death may die?"" What does that mean, Human Kite?"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"I'm not sure, Toolshed. Could it be a riddle, Mysterion? M-! Mysterion? [Mysterion is gone]"
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mysterion is sooo... mysterious.
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,News report. Jack Brolin reporting. He looks familiar...
Mysterion Rises,Jack Brolin,"A horrific scene of destruction, despair and terror here in New Orleans. And still there's no sign of Captain Hindsight. Rumor has it he got sick of it all, went back to his chair, and removed all his powers."
Mysterion Rises,Injured Man,"[in the background, walking by with his left hand over his injured right upper arm] Where are you Captain Hindsight? Aggh!"
Mysterion Rises,Jack Brolin,Perhaps... he shouldn't have gotten back in that chair...
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,An alley in South Park. The Goth kids enter
Mysterion Rises,Pete,[kicks a can aside] Do you think the dark lord Cthulhu is gonna make us go to school?
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"No, assmunch. Cthulhu just wants chaos, bedlam, and madness."
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"Good, because if I have to go to PE class again, I was gonna kill myself. [they notice Mysterion looking at them from the edge of a roof] Who the F'n H is that?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"[jumps off the roof and lands on the alley floor, on one knee] What does it mean? ""That is not dead which can eternal lie""?"
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"[takes a drag of his joint] ""And with strange aeons even Death may die."""
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,What does it mean?!
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"It means Cthulhu is gonna get rid of all the posers and make everything cool and black and stuff. It's gonna be like, a Nine Inch Nails concert that goes on forever."
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"Yeah, so go home and put your underwear back inside your pants, poser."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,[rises and walks towards them] You're going to tell me everything you know!
Mysterion Rises,Firkle,"[pulls out a switch blade and opens it] Nobody's stopping Cthulhu now! All will be sadness. Life will become death, and I will watch the crimson blood leak from your neck."
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"Dude, that little kid is hardcore goth."
Mysterion Rises,Pete,Hardcore goth.
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"[he and Nelson appear behind Mysterion, who turns around] The child is right, you know. Cthulhu sees all, hears all. The dark lord wants us to dispense of this one, kids. Give us a hand."
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"Whaaat? Dude, I don't wanna kill anybody."
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"We're dark lord minions now, wuss. What'd you think we'd be doing?"
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"Ugh, whatevs. [Mysterion is stuck between the two advancing cult members and the Goth kids.]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"The Gulf sky, dark and stormy. Coon rides on Cthulhu. Upbeat music plays"
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"Cthulhu Cthulhu, Cthulhu Cthulhu."
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Yeeheah!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"The evil hate-filled Cthulhu, from a dimension far away.Flying through gates of madness and into your heart"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Yeah, fuck all o'you!"
Mysterion Rises,Singer,Turning dreams into nightmares
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Lick my balls!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,Destroying all he sees
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Now begins a new adventure for... MEEEE!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"You and the dark one, Cthulhu Sharing adventures and smiles, It's a magical bond two pals can share. Soon the whole world will be made aware of You and the death lord, Cthulhu Makin' the world a better place. Together you will have so much fun"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Sending all my stupid friends to oblivion!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"You and the dark one, Cthulhu"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Suck it, bitches!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,The alley. There is no escape
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"Just hold still and it will all be over quickly. [a buzzing sound is heard, and all look to see who it is]"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"Let him go! [he's on the roof of a building] Coon and Friends, ho! Mosquito!"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,Toolshed!
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,TupperWear!
Mysterion Rises,Iron Maiden,[behind the Goth kids] Timmeh!
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,Human Kite!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,[behind the cult members] Mint-Berry Crrrunch!
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Let him go, dude, or else we'll totally tell our parents on you!"
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,Sorry kids. It's a little late for that. [takes the switchblade from the Kindergoth and stabs Mysterion with it. The cult members and the Goth kids disperse as Mysterion coughs and stumbles. Mysterion stops and then falls flat on his back]
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Oh my God. Oh my God, they- they killed Kenny!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"You bastards! [a pool of blood appears under Kenny when someone knocks on a door somewhere. All of a sudden, Kenny is back in his room, in bed, in his same old clothes. More knocking]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,Kenny's room
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Dude, Kenny, what'd you run away for?! We've gotta fight these guys!"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"Yeah, come on, get your costume on, lazy-ass!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,[jumps in the air] Let's go. [the boys move on]
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mint-Berry Crunch! [Kenny sighs]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"A new comic book. The speech bubbles give the hero away: this comic book is about Mintberry Crunch. On the page, two villains run from the flying half-man half-berry"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Sit back, justice believers, and listen to another edition of America's favorite superhero, Mintberry Crunch! [The camera pulls out to reveal the whole page, which is a cover of ""the AMAZING MINTBERRY CRUNCH""] Our story begins in a remote corner of the Gulf of Mexico. [a graphic of the BP oil rig is shown] The BP Oil Company drills into the ocean floor, [a graphic of a fire destroying the rig] but they drill too much, and the BP Oil Company accidentally unleashes Cthulhu, an ancient evil god from another dimension. Halfway across the country, [Coon & Friends in their normal outfit are shown, with Bradley as the leader instead of Stan] a mild-mannered attractive fourth-grader, Bradley Biggle, hears of the disaster on the news while with his friends. [the page flips over and Bradley is shown transforming] But Bradley Biggle is no ordinary fourth-grader! Not long ago, he realized he had superpowers he could call upon by turning in place and saying the magic word, ""Shablagoo!"" And in a flash, Bradley is transformed into the thrilling superhero, Mintberry Crunch! Joined by the other Coon Friends, Mintberry Crunch went to investigate the Gulf spill crisis! The superheroes came across a cult, in existence for years, that had been waiting for Cthulhu's arrival. They are the key to stopping Cthulhu from taking over the world! Sometimes, when everything seems hopeless, that's when you need to bring it all. [Mintberry Crunch stands at the corner of a roof in a heroic pose] That's when you need... to bring the Crr-runch!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Coon and Friends Secret Base. The Friends are there listening to Mintberry Crunch
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"[after a few seconds of silence] Dude, I'm sorry, but we still aren't getting it. You're half man and half berry?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Rrright!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,But then what exactly is your superpower?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,The power of mint and berries yet with a satisfying tasty crunch!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"...Nah, see, that's the problem dude, that's not really a superpower. Like, I have mental command over all power tools, Human Kite can fly-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,nd shoot lasers out of my eyes.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"And shoot lasers out of his eyes. And Mysterion can... [pauses and looks over at Mysterion.] Wait, what's your superpower Mysterion?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,[with his back to the group] I can't die!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"...Oh yeah, good one. Mysterion can't die, and Iron Maiden is indestructible-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"No, Stan, I'm being serious! I really, really can't die!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,...Woo-hat?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"[turns to face them] Like last night, in the alley, the cult leader stabbed me and I bled all over the place! And you screamed ""Oh my God,"" and you called him a bastard!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"[arms down and out, palms out] When was that?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,All the time! I die all the time! And you assholes NEVER REMEMBER!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"...Ah I think we would remember you dying, dude."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Well you don't! I die over. And over! Only to wake up in my bed like nothing happened!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"[notices Mintberry Crunch] Dude, you're freaking out Mintberry Crunch. He's peed his pants. [Mintberry Crunch notices that he has indeed peed his pants and covers his groin quickly]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Nono. Mintberry Crunch doesn't ever pee his pants!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,[turns away] I knew there'd be no point in telling you guys.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"[approaches him] Alright. dude, let, let's just say you're not crazy and it's true. What's the big deal? I mean, I think it'd be pretty cool not to be able to die."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,[confronts him] Pretty cool?! Do you know what it feels like to be stabbed?! To be shot?! Decapitated?! Torn apart?! Burned?! Run over?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Kenny Kenny, calm down."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"It's not pretty cool, Kyle! It fuckin' hurts! And it won't go away, and nobody will believe me! [walks away, then turns around] Remember this time! Try and fuckin' remember! [pulls out a gun and shoots himself in the head]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Oh my God! Holy shit, dude!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Dude!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Is he? Oh Jesus! [flees up the stairs and out of the basement]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,[draws closer] Kenny? No! No!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"The Coon comic book. On the cover, Cartman carries an American flag while Cthulhu stands behind him wearing a Coon and Friends shirt. The story unfolds with a few embellishments in the design of the secret base"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Gather around, believers in good, and listen to the newest installment of The Coon. It all began when the BP Oil Company drilled into the ocean floor and ripped open a hole into another dimension. Seeing the disaster on Coon-Vision, the Coon immediately called together his trusty Coon Friends. As the Coon explained how the disaster could be stopped, something terrible happened. Without warning, the Coon friends changed. Their superpowers morphed somehow, turning them into... supervillains. [the friends are depicted with evil grins] The Coon tried to reason with them, tried to bring them back to the side of good, [""Heroes must be good. Go with Christ!""] but it was too late. [Human Kite: ""GET OUT!!!"" Mysterion: ""WE ARE EVIL NOW!""] Their black hearts had been tainted by hate and rage. The Coon was alone, turn by the ultimate dilemma. [Coon is shown sitting on Lincoln's shoulder at the Lincoln Memorial] He had to put a stop to the evil villains, even though they had once been his friends. Sometimes, to fight the ultimate evil, you must make friends with enemies. [Coon is showing looking at Cthulhu] The Coon teamed up with Cthulhu, because even Cthulhu knows what evil assholes Kyle and Stan and those guys are! And that they are manipulative, uncaring, vagina faces! They're all planning to destroy the world. Only one thing can stop them: the Coon. With Cthulhu's help, I can try to banish them to a dark oblivion, for all eternity. [the Friends are shown surrounding a glowing globe of Earth with evil grins on their faces] I will not rest until that happens."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's street, day. Cartman is walking home and approaches the front door"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Bab-ay, I know you're askin' me to stay Say ""Please please please don't go away."" You say I'm givin' you the blues. [enters the house] Mayb-ay, you mean every word you say Can't help but think-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,[confronts him with her arms crossed over her chest] Eric Cartman!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Hi Mom.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"Where have you been, young man?!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Just doin' stuff Mom. Are my friends downstairs in the secret base?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"Yes they are, but you were supposed to be grounded in your room! And now you're more grounded, young man!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[turns around and thinks hard, to himself] The Coon's mother appears to be extremely upset. In order to get past her, I must use the LeBron James technique."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"Eric, are you listening to me?!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,[faces Liane] Mom... what should I do?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,[disarmed] What?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,What should I do? Should I admit I made mistakes? Should I say I've done this before? Should I write a song about how I should have stayed in my room? What should I do?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"What do you mean ""what should-"""
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Should I say I am not a role model? Should I not listen to my conscience? It's my conscience, Mom! What should I do? Go back to my room and pretend nothing happened? Not jump out the window and fly to New Orleans? What should I do, Ma? Tell me!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"[overwhelmed] I just, I- I'm gonna go make you kids some lemonade. [runs off to the kitchen]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Coon and Friends Secret Base. The Friends are at the table
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Alright Coon and Friends, what good deed should we do next?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,Perhaps we should make more lemon bars to raise money for people in need.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,TupperWear,Okay!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"You guys have no memory of me shooting myself in the head, do you?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Uh-what?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,What we need to do is talk to people in that cult! I wanna know where my powers come from.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Yeah cool let's talk about where our powers come from.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,I was bitten by a radioactive mosquito! Bzzzzzzt.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,TupperWear,"I was in a car accident, then put back together with Tupperware parts."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Iron Maiden,Tih-Timmieh!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,iill you guys listen to me?! I actually have a power that I actually want to know about!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[appearing on the basement stairs] Hey guys. [the Friends look at him] So, what's goin' on?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Go away Cartman. We kicked you out of Coon and Friends, remember?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"No, I, I know. That's cool, I understand. Even though I started it and the secret base is in my house. Yes, that's totally understandable."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"You just wanted to frame and blackmail people, then you beat up Clyde and Bradley for no reason!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"No you're right. For no reason. Clearly something is wrong with me. But you guys, what should I do?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"You should fuck off, that's what you should do."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[sees the LeBron James technique isn't working] Hm. Ah, all right, look. You guys were totally right, okay? That's all I wanted to say. That and... there's a double rainbow outside."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,A what?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Double rainbow, you guys. You don't see 'em often, but there's one outside right now. You've gotta come see! [rushes up the stairs and out of the secret base]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,A double rainbow? Shablagoo! [the heroes all leave their seats]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Wait, Mintberry Crunch ya you might not wanna go- [goes up the stairs with the others]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Professor Chaos,"Huhey, can I see the double rainbow, fellas? [softly] Uh, fellas?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, front lawn, day. Coon leads the friends out"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Isn't it beautiful you guys?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"There's no double rainbow, fatass!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"You are correct, Human Kike! Not that supervillains like you guys could ever see a double rainbow!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,What are you talking about?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Your evil-doing days are over, Mosquito! All of you shall now be dealt the swift hand of justice!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Cartman, you are the bad guy, not us!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Nuh uh, you guys are the bad guy. [whistles. A gust of wind blows leaves at the boys, and heavy footsteps follow. Cthulhu soon stands before the Friends, who look at him in awe]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Waaaaaaaaaah! [runs off]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,What are you doing with that thing?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,He's going to help me get rid of you guys so together we can make the world a better place!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Cartman, if you team up with the most evil thing in the universe, then clearly you are the bad guy!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"No, because it's for the greater good, like when Superman teamed up with Lex Luthor!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Superman never teamed up with Lex Luthor!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[thinks it over, then crosses his arms] Well, that's why Superman isn't around anymore, isn't it? Cthulhu! Banish them to a dark oblivion, please! [Cthulhu opens his right paw and sweeps it from left to right in the air. The boys scream and become deformed, then disappear] Aww! Dude, that was awesome! You're all like ""Mehhhh"" and they were all like ""Nooo!"""
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Night. Coon and Cthulhu sit in a valley somewhere with a large city in the distance.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"All right, now, we've taken out most of the synagogues, destroyed San Francisco, sent my friends into a dark oblivion, and so our next order of business will be Burning Man. [Cthulhu roars softly] Burning Man is the biggest hippie festival in the world, and tomorrow, we're gonna wipe them all out. Pretty soon, the whole world will be transformed thanks to the Coon! [Cthulhu roars softly] Yes yes, the Coon and Friend. Now after Burning Man we'll take down Whole Foods alright? [Cthulhu repositions himself to confront Coon and roars loudly. Coon thinks] The dark lord is agitated and the LeBron James technique might not work. The Coon will have to use an even more manipulative technique. Time to bust out: Cute Kitten. [aloud] Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. [climbs up onto Cthulhu.] Meow meow meow. [digs his blades into Cthulhu's back and massages him while at the same time making a comfortable place to nap in. Cthulhu's face softens and he giggles, then looks back at Cartman sleeping on his back. Cthulhu blinks several times, then walks forward softly]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,a strange place altogether
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Dude, where the fuck are we?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"I don't know, but... I feel like... I've... been here before. [huge butterfly-like creatures pop up from behind some plants]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,a new installment of the Amazing Mintberry Crunch. He remembers things a bit differently...
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"And so, the Coon had returned with the dark lord Cthulhu! Upon seeing Cthulhu in person, Mintberry Crunch heroically dashed off, to, to save the day! With Minty coolness he hurried back home! And heroically watched Judge Judy, knowing that his superhero friends were probably just fine without him!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,the strange place. The Friends run and scream until they reach a cliff
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Oh shit!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,[panting] We aren't going that way!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,"You guys, I wanna go home."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"We all wanna go home, Clyde. I don't think we're gonna last very long out here."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,"Look, maybe we should just a place to hid and wait for help."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"What help, dude? Nobody in the real world even knows we're here."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Alright, you guys hide as long as you can. I'll try and find help. [moves away from the cliff]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"How, dude?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Kenny, where the hell are you going?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"I'm going to try to get you all out of here. If this works. Or, I could be wrong. [runs towards the cliff]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,Kenny! [Kenny jumps off the cliff and impales himself on some big spiky plants ]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Ow! That fucking HURTS! [moans a few times and dies.]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Oh my God! Kenny!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"You... you crazy bastard! [the boys turn away from the edge, seemingly forgetting their dead friend below]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Kenny's room, night. Kenny is back in his bed and wakes up. He sits up and checks himself out. Satisfied that he's alright, he jumps off the bed and goes to his closet, opens it and pulls a curtain off a hidden chest of drawers. He opens the top drawer and pulls out a Mysterion costume."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"The living room. As his parents watch TV, Kenny runs past them and out the front door."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Burning Man Festival, Black Rock City, day. Dance music pumps along"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Man 1,[on a fish-cycle] It's burning Man!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Man 2,"[dressed as an angel] Biggest party in the world, baby! [more shots of the festival are shown. It's a carnival, but a roar changes all that. Cthulhu appears and throws an RV into the festival, and everyone scatters]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[on Cthulhu's back] Fucking hippies! Fuck all o'you! [Cthulhu raises his left paw and unleashes a lightning bolt upon a girl, incinerating her and leaving nothing but bones]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter,"The dark and evil Cthulhu is bringing his angry wrath down upon the Burning Man Festival, Tom. Cthulhu isn't behaving as most scientists had speculated, Tom, but the dark lord is wreaking havoc everywhere and-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[walks up and interrupts him] No nonono! Excuse me! It is not Cthulhu, it is Coon and Friend! I'm a little sick of everyone giving him all the credit when I'm the one really making the world a better place!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter,"Tom, it appears that Bruce Vilanch has arrived on the scene wearing a rat costume."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[greatly insulted by the reporter's comment] Oh, you motherfucker! [runs towards Cthulhu] Cthulhu, this guy too! [Cthulhu unleashes more lightning and the reporter is incinerated] Kewl. Oh get that fire-twirling hippie bitch."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Henrietta's bedroom, night. The Goth kids are sitting around on her red throw rug. Red Goth strikes a lighter and it lights up. He then blows out the flame. Kindergoth taps his cigarette onto an ash tray."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,"This freaking sucks! We worshiped and prayed to Cthulhu, went to all the cult meetings, but life is still totally freaking gay."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,I thought that when Cthulhu rose from the dead all was gonna be darkness and pain. I thought at least school would be canceled.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,How to I fight him? [the Goth kids look at the window and see him there]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,"Oh joy, it's Underwear Boy again."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,That god you pray to just took away all my friends.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,"Not our god. He promised everything would change if we worshiped him, but we're still sitting here smoking cigarettes like before [hair flip] It's like Obama all over again."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,How do I fight him?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,"Cthulhu isn't alive or dead, alright?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Tell me what that means! [the bedroom door opens and Henrietta's mom appears]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mrs. Biggle,"Henrietta, your little brother wants to play with you."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Go away Mom, I hate you."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mrs. Biggle,"Just let your little brother play with your friends, sweetie. He's lonely. Go on in, Bradley. [Bradley appears and enters the room]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Bradley,Will you guys play with me?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Fuck off, dork! I don't want you here!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Bradley,"Please, can I just- oh g'uh! [sees Mysterion in the window] Mu-Mysterion! Wuh what's goin'- Uh, that's okay, sis. I'll play with you another time. [leaves and closes the door]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,the hallway. Bradley round the corner and walks to his room
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Bradley,Mysterion is here! He must have come for my help. [enter his room] No time to waste. Time for Bradley Biggle to transform. [opens a drawer under his nightstand and sees his costume] Shablagoo! [turns in place]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Henrietta's bedroom. As Bradley transforms, Henrietta explains to Mysterion how to fight Cthulhu. She starts with the Necronomicon"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Alright, look. The Necronomicon is an account of the Old Ones, their history, and the means for summoning them. [the first page shows a Prince Abdul Al-Kazred in 700 A.D. The next one has the prince genuflecting before an Old One.]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,One Ones?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,Dark deities that existed before man.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"It was written by a mad prince who knew of the nightmare city of R'Lyeh, which fell from the stars and exists beneath the sea. And, in another dimension."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,That's it! That's the place I just was!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,You've been to the nightmare city of R'Lyeh?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,Luckyyy...
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Cthulhu and other beings are from this city, but for years cultists have tried to bring them into our world."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,And what about Cthulhu's power? Why can't Old Ones die?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,The only thing that can destroy an immortal... is another immortal. [Henrietta's door opens again and Mintberry Crunch barges into the room]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Ahaaa! Don't worry, Mysterion. Mintberry Crunch is here to help you with these black cultists!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Get out of my room, TWERP!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Mintberry Crunch isn't afraid of his fat sister! Grab her legs, Mysterion! [Mysterion is gone] M- Mysterion? [the Goth kids turn to look at the window.] Aw crap. [runs out of the room]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,The street. Mysterion walks down the street briskly when Mintberry Crunch opens the front door and sees him
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Hey Mysterion, wait up! [leaves the door open] Come on, wait uuup! [catches up to him] Us Coon Friends need to stick together remember? Where are you going?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Wherever Cthulhu is!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,What? But he'll kill you.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Maybe, but with any luck I might find the reason for my powers."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Oh right. Maybe I can find the reason for my powers too.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,You don't understand!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"[turns away from Mysterion] How was it that mint and berry came together delivering full flavor in an intense crunch? [Mysterion leaves] We must find out answers Mysterion. [turns around, but doesn't immediately see him] Mu-Mysterion, I'm going with you."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"The Coon comic book, four pages in"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"After the triumphant victory over the evil hippies of Burning Man, Coon and Friends turned their attention to the next villainous scourge, bravely taking out every Whole Foods left in the country! No more organic crap for America! Thanks to Coon and Friends the country would soon be rid of all evil, but first, they would come up against their most challenging and most evil opponent, Justin Bieber. In order to save the Earth, this little butthole had to be stopped."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Justin Bieber concert at Staples Center
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Justin Bieber,"[grabbing his crotch constantly, and singing badly off-key] Babih babih babih oooo! Babih babih babih oooo! Babig baibig woo woo, Bay-wooo [Cthulhu reaches down and grabs him off the stage] Wooooo-ooo-oo! [Cthulhu grumbles]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Yep, that's him. So long, Justin Bieber, you little douchebag! [Cthulhu crushes Bieber between his forefinger and thumb like a grape]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter 2,"The dark god Cthulhu continues his rampage of destruction and terror, and there seems to be no hope for man. I'm joined now by a supposed team member of Cthulhu, the Coon."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"It isn't just Cthulhu, Mr. Reporter. He's merely a small piece of Coon and Friends, who will continue to fight for good and justice."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter 2,Good and justice? J-Justin Bieber and most of his fans have just been massacred.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Yes, Coon and Friends are happy to help. We do not need thanks for our deeds. We do not want gifts, all we want is for people to buy our Coon and Friends T-Shirts for $14.95."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Hey, fat boy!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Kenny? What the hell? I sent you to the-
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,To the sunken city of R'Lyeh fallen from the stars! [approaches him] You little fucking prick! What is wrong with you?! What kind of sick fuck does that to his friends?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"It's not my fault you guys turned evil, Kenny!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"You are the bad guy, fat boy! YOU!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,I'm going around making the world a better place!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,For you! You're making it a better place for you!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Right, that's what superheroes do."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,No! This is what superheroes do! [walks up to Cthulhu] You banished me but I'm back! What does that make me?! [that gets Cthulhu's attention] Bring back my friends! Take me!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"[gets through the police line] Mysterion, no! What are you doing?!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"[to Mintberry Crunch] Only an immortal can kill another immortal! [to Cthulhu] Here's your prize! Take this curse away from me, you big pussy!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,[stands next to Mysterion] Don't listen to him Cthulhu! We have more important stuff to do!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Go on! Kill me before I kill you! But bring my friends back, wuss!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Cthulhu, you are a Coon Friend, and I'm the Coon! You will listen to me! [Cthulhu picks Coon up and scolds him, then cradles him. Coon takes the hint and scrambles onto Cthulhu's back. Coon kneads Cthulhu's back again and Cthulhu is relieved. Coon is asleep on Cthulhu's back and Cthulhu turns and walks away]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,No! Come back! I have to know what I am! Come back!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Fuck you, Kenny!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Come back, you fat piece of shit! [notices something in the sky. Others notice too. A bright object descends onto the parking lot and dims enough to reveal a giant oval shaped light that serves as a holograph. An image of a man appears inside and begins to talk. Mysterion is puzzled]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Alien Man,"Hello my son. If you are seeing this message, then it must be dark times. And you must have many questions. Your true name is Gok'Zarah. The power given to you comes from a planet far away. You are from that planet, Gok'Zarah. It is for that reason you have a power that normal humans do not have. I know you must sometimes see this power as a curse, but you were sent here to stop evil from taking over the Earth and now, that time has apparently come. You must now harness and focus your power, Gok'Zarah. The power of mint and berries yet with a tasty, satisfying crunch."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"...Uh yes. Yes, please go on."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Alien Man,"Your home planet, K'oh Kajan, is known throughout the universe for its berry mines. Berries that have the power to fuel nearly anything. Needless to say, when the mint hunters of Kogenrah got word of them, our fate was already sealed, Gok'Zarah. But our two worlds collided and soon, mint and berry were one."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Wow!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Alien Man,"Your mother and I sent you as far away as we could. Use your power, son. Save Earth. Shablagoo! [the orb rises up and away]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"I will, father. No more running away for... Mintberry Crunch! [jumps up in the air and floats up, then aims at Cthulhu and flies towards him] Hello, Cthulhu, I heard you haven't been ""berry"" nice! [unleashes a torrent of berries at him. Cthulhu shields himself, but doesn't go down.] Not enough, huh? Maybe the intense flavor of mint will freshen things up! [Cthulhu is soon enveloped in a tornado of mint leaves]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,The Amazing Mintberry Crunch. The following is illustrated in the comic book
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"I reached the Gulf of Mexico in no time, and with all my strength, I dragged Cthulhu back to the depths from whence he came! My trusty hero companions were there, still alive. I returned them to their world encased in a protective berry bubble. Then it's back down to fill up the hole created by the BP Oil Company, returning home only momentarily to flip off my fat sister. [""Fuck you! I have powers you fat bitch!""]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends Secret Base, later. The Coon Friends are all there"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Dude, thanks for getting us out of that dark oblivion, Mintberry Crunch."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Oh no, we worked as a team! All the Coon and Friends stopped the BP drilling spill crisis."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,And finally the evil Coon is right where he belongs. [the Coon is in his own holding cell with Professor Chaos]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Come on you guys, this is fucking bullcrap! Let me out!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,You're not going anywhere for a long time!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"This is inhumane! There's a big bucket with Butters' poop in here, and there's nothing to eat!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Ya got poop, don't ya?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Well, I'm off. There are still many more questions left unanswered. I need to know what happened to my parents."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Well, come back and visit any time, dude."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"I will. Shaaablagoo! [twirls in place and disappears in a streak of light, leaving behind berry cereal]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Fuckin' Mintberry fuckin' Crunch.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Wow, can you believe it Kenny? Bradley actually had superpowers. Isn't that cool?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Yeah. I'm tired, guys. I think I'm gonna go to bed. [takes a gun out and just shoots himself in the head. The other boys jump back in shock.]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Oh my God! Holy shit dude!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Kenny? No! Nooo!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Kenny's parents room, night. They're asleep, but something wakes Carol up. Stomach pains; labor pains. She sits up holding her belly"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Stuart,What? Whaaat?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Carol,It's happenin' again! [falls back on the bed and raises her legs in the air.]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Kenny's room, moments later. The parents enter. Stuart turns on the light. Carol holds baby Kenny in her arms while Stuart sets out a parka for Kenny to sleep in. Carol zips it up and the parents leave the room"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Carol,[before closing the door] We should have never gone to that stupid cult meetin'. [Stuart turns off the light and Carol closes the door]
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room, night. Randy and Sharon are watching TV on the sofa, under a blanket"
Crème Fraiche,Reporter,"Passenger said the Carnival cruise line smelled like poop, but that that was an improvement."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[yawns] All right, it's late. I'm gonna call it a night. [leaves the sofa and heads for their room] You coming?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Aw, you know, I can't really sleep. I'm just gonna stay up a bit and have some me time."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[going up stairs, she stops and turns around] Randy, do not watch that no-no channel."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Ugh. I'm not staying up to do that Sharon, jeez!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Alright, come to bed soon."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Psseh... huh... [glances at the stairs to see if Sharon is gone, then quickly begins changing channels. He stops at a channel where music is playing] Ohhh... Whoahohoohhh... Man, that is hot... [starts masturbating under the sheet] Oh yeah. Fuck."
Crème Fraiche,Guy Fieri,"[showing off some ribs] Mmm, just look at that rack of ribs; now those are slow-cooked, and then braised to bring out the smokey flavor."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Mmm, God damn. Yeah."
Crème Fraiche,Guy Fieri,"[hods up a rib to the camera] See how that just falls off the bone? [eats some more off it] Mmm, that is MONEY right there!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Yeah, it's fuckin' money."
Crème Fraiche,Announcer,"Next on Food Network it's Paula Deen [""Paula's Home Cooking""]"
Crème Fraiche,Paula Deen,Hey y'all. Tonight we're gonna be makin' some deep-fried chicken.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Aw yeah?
Crème Fraiche,Paula Deen,Muh buttery whipped potatoes and we're gonna be finishin' off with a chocolate pecan pie.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Awwwgh. Oh fuck yeah. [still masturbating]
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh kitchen, morning. Randy's been busy cooking breakfast. Stan, Shelly, and Sharon enter the kitchen"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Dad, what are you doing?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Ah! You're just in time! Siddown, siddown! I've made you all breakfast again!"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,Aw crap. [they go to the breakfast table while Randy serves up their dishes]
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Now, what I have for you is a nice goat-cheese and heirloom tomato frittata. And we're gonna top that with a little crème fraîche. [scoops some out to spread on Stan's plate, slooowly] Aw yeah... Awwww..."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[on to him] Randy, you've been watching that channel, haven't you?!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,No!
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Yes, because every time you watch cooking shows you stay up all night trying to copy what they made."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Well, I'm sorry if there's something wrong with me helping out with the cooking! [grabs his coat and heads for the garage. He opens the door and takes a look back] I'd think you'd be grateful, Sharon! I gotta get to work. I cooked, so you guys clean up. [closes the door and leaves. The others look at him leave, then look at the dishes on the counter. That's a lot of bowls]"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,Can I have a Pop Tart?
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room, afternoon. Stan and friends are on the sofa watching TV"
Crème Fraiche,Kyle,Oh this is sweet. I've seen this episode.
Crème Fraiche,Terrance,"Hello, and welcome to Progressive. [a Progressive spoof]"
Crème Fraiche,Phillip,"[with his wife, Katherine] Yes, we're looking to buy car insurance."
Crème Fraiche,Terrance,"Well, you've come to the right place. [farts on Phillip's face]"
Crème Fraiche,Phillip,"Oh dear! I knew we should have gone to Geico! [Kyle says this part with him] Come on, darling, let's get out of here and go there."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[quickly arrives, takes off his coat, and takes over. The boys get off the sofa] Daddy time. It's Daddy TV time. [On TV, a chef presents his latest creation]"
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,Now just look at this pork tenderloin. It is brined and ready for action.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Aw yeah, look at that."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Dad, you know Mom doesn't want you watching food channels."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,I worked all day! I can watch what I want!
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,We're gonna take a stick of butter and just smear that all over.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[almost breaks a sweat] Oh my God that's awesome! Oh... [looks at the boys, then takes the blanket hanging on the back of the sofa and puts it over his groin, keeping himself in check] Oh, oh. [starts masturbating] ...Yeah. Whoa."
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,Now let's get that on the grill.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"See what he's doing there, Stan? He brined that for an hour in the fridge, so now he can sear the shit out of it. Whoaoaoaoaoaoaoo."
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,"Look at the char we're getting. That, that is what we're going for."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Oh, isn't that hot, guys? Ohgh, yeah. Don't you wanna just... Don't you wanna just get in there and... [the boys notice the fierceness in his voice] Wwrrmmmm! Mmmh!"
Crème Fraiche,Announcer,We'll be right back to Good Eats.
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,Commercial
Crème Fraiche,Woman 1,"Hey ladies, are you looking for a better workout?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[the fierceness vanishes] Aww, stupid commercials."
Crème Fraiche,Woman 1,Introducing the Shake Weight. A spring-loaded workout device you pump with your arms. Just grab the piston and go to work. One-handed or double-fisted.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,[yawns] Come on!
Crème Fraiche,Woman 1,You just shake it. Back and forth.
Crème Fraiche,Woman 2,It feels really good in my hands.
Crème Fraiche,Woman 1,"Best of all, Shake Weight tells you when your workout is finished by chiming and releasing a cool-down spray. [the Shake Weight chimes and gives two squirts of the cool-down spray]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Bohh-riiing.
Crème Fraiche,Woman 1,Order now and we'll include the optional heart rate monitor. Just put your finger in the tester. [a woman shows how it's done] and Shake Weight takes your pulse. [another woman finishes her exercises and gets two squirts] Get yours today.
Crème Fraiche,Announcer,Now back to Good Eats.
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,Just look at the glaze we've got going now on that thing.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[back to masturbating] Oh man, yeah, that is hot! Ooomm."
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,"Alright now, here's the really cool part. What we're gonna do is- [a short beep is heard and the screen goes blue. In white letters, this appears:] HODNOTA!"
Crème Fraiche,Parental Controls,/center></poem>
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Channel blocked? [begins clicking channels] What the? The hell? [goes to the master bedroom and finds Sharon clicking away on another remote control] Sharon, what are you doing?"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Just using the parental controls to block some channels.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,I wasn't watching food channels!
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Then how do you know I blocked them?
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"I- know 'cause I don't know that! That's what I'm saying! Gaw! [walks away thwarted and goes to his den. He picks up a cordless phone on the way. He leaves the lights off in there and walks to his desk, dialing a number. He sits down as his call is answered]"
Crème Fraiche,Hotline Man,"Thanks for calling the Food Network Hotline. Billing is nine-ninety-five for each sixty-second period. To accept, say ""crème fraîche."""
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Crème fraîche.
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,"Hi there, I'm Amanda. What are you up to?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Oh hi, I just uh... thought I'd give the hotline a try. What are you doing?"
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,I'm making a pan-roasted chicken.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,[piqued] Pan-roasted? Like seared on the stove and put in the oven?
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,"Uh huh. I've just taken the chicken out of the pan. It's... so moist. I'm gonna let it rest now, about five minutes."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Yeah?
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,"Yeah. Ooo, there's lots of brown bits stuck to the bottom of the skillet."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,You gonna deglaze that fuckin' pan?
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,Oh I'm gonna deglaze it. You wanna help me?
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"If I was there I would. I'd take some... red wine... 'bout a quarter-cup, and then... a wooden spoon... and I'd deglaze the fuck out of that pan."
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,"I got a wooden spoon right here; it's... pretty hard. [upstairs Sharon picks up the phone to make a call, but she hears the conversation and stops to listen]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Yeah you'd... put some onion in while you're deglazing?
Crème Fraiche,Amanda,"I was thinking about shallots, actually."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Aw yeah. Shallots won't overwhelm the chicken's natural flavors. Fuck yeah.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Randy! Marsh!
Crème Fraiche,Randy,WAH! Sharon!
Crème Fraiche,Hotline Man,"Your time on Food Network Hotline has expired. To add more time say ""crème fraîche."""
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,The Broflovski kitchen. Sheila sits at the breakfast table as Sharon paces back and forth wiping some tears from her eyes
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"I don't know what to do, Sheila. It's like he's a different person. Last night I walked in on him in the bathroom. He was sitting on the toilet flambéing a pork chop."
Crème Fraiche,Sheila,"Sharon, I'm so sorry."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"It just makes me feel unwanted, you know? I mean, am I not attractive anymore? I mean I don't exercise anymore at all."
Crème Fraiche,Sheila,"Well, if it'll make you feel better about yourself, then work out, Sharon."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Like I have time to go to the gym every day.
Crème Fraiche,Sheila,There are plenty of things you can buy to get a good workout at home. Have you heard of the Shake Weight?
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"Bed, Bath & Beyond, day. Sharon enters the store and hears oooh's and aaah's and sees some women trying out the Shake Weights. She walks up to the display table. A store associate walks up to her"
Crème Fraiche,Associate,Help you find anything? [the name tag says Michael]
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Oh, yes. I was interested in the Shake Weights?"
Crème Fraiche,Michael,Biggest seller the past four months. What models are you lookin' at?
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Oh I didn't realize there were different models.
Crème Fraiche,Michael,"Well you got your standard, your deluxe model, large sizes, but, if you're really lookin' for a workout you might wanna try the Big Gym. That woman over there is trying it out. [the woman is having some difficulty with the large Shake Weight]"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,I... think I'll start with the smaller white ones.
Crème Fraiche,Michael,"Small white ones, yes ma'am. [picks up two different models] Standard or voice assist model?"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Well I don't know-
Crème Fraiche,Michael,I would definitely recommend the voice assist. It has recorded voice commands to help motivate you in your workout.
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, master bedroom. Sharon is working with the Shake Weight now, starting with the right arm."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are doing excellent. Great work. Now switch arms. [Sharon switches arms] Wow. Good job. [Sharon begins to gasp for air] You are amazing. You are very attractive and interesting.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Thank you, Shake Weight."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,"Come on now. Almost finished. [Sharon begins to shake the weight faster] Yes. Good. Almost done. [Sharon shakes the weight even faster and begins to grunt] Keep going. Keep going. Harder. Faster. [Sharon's giving it all she's got, and a bell sounds. She gets two squirts]"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Hahhh.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Your workout is finished. [a different bell sounds and Sharon twists the Shake Weight around to get some change] Here is some cab fare.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Oh wow.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Now going to sleep mode. [powers down]
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary cafeteria, day. The boys stand in line for lunch"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"You guys have no idea how much it sucks! My dad's obsessed! Every day it's Bobby Flay this, Gordon Ramsey that. This morning he was pretending to read Playboy, but he actually had a Bon Appetit magazine hidden inside it!"
Crème Fraiche,Cartman,"[sarcastic] Well, hearing you bitch about your dad all the time is super-interesting, Stan. I hope you do it during the entire lunch period. [the line moves forward and the boys enter to see... Randy as the school chef]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Hello there, children!"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,Awww what?!
Crème Fraiche,Randy,How's it goin'? [behind him is restaurant-quality cooking equipment]
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"No, dad! No!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,The school was hiring and I got the job. Isn't that great?
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Dad, you're a geologist! What about your real job?!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"I quit. Now, what I have for your starters today is a potato-encrusted scallop with lobster foam. Now we're gonna top that with some crème fraîche."
Crème Fraiche,Cartman,Lobster foam? [Stan shuts his eyes and buries his nose in his right hand] It says very clearly on the lunch schedule that today is pizza day!
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Yes, and so this is my take on a pizza. It's an Asian slaw on flat bread, deconstructed and topped with a nice Parmesan aioli."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Dad, no! I'm gonna tell Mom. Go back to your other job right now!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Stan, there's nothing wrong with a man following his passion! [starts spreading the aioli over the pizza] Ooo yeah, fuck yeah."
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, after school. Sharon is in the kitchen washing the mountain of dishes Randy left in the morning and she's not happy about it. Stan opens the front door and enters the living room, closes the door and walks to the kitchen."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,Mom? Mom! You've gotta do something! Dad's trying to be our new school chef.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Oh I know! He tried out all his recipes here and left me with the mess!
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Well you've gotta tell him to stop, Mom!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"You think your father's gonna listen to me?! [something begins to beep nearby and Sharon looks at it, then goes to the breakfast table. On it is the beeping Shake Weight]"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,This is a workout reminder. Time for a workout.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Oh. [picks up the weight and begins to shake it] This thing is so great. It reminds me when I haven't worked out in a while.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,"That's it. Work it. Harder, faster."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Mom, Dad's food sucks and kids at school are starting to get pissed at me!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[sighs] Sorry Stan, but I need to start doing things for myself! [Stan just looks at her now]"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are independent and strong.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Right! I spend all my trying to take care of everybody else!
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Switch arms.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,[switch] I don't need to look good to keep your father interested in me! I'm just going to do it FOR ME!
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are so motivated and charming. It is time to take your pulse. Insert finger. [Sharon puts her left index finger into the device.] Do not stop your arms. Keep going. Good. Get your finger up there a little more. Your pulse is one hundred forty-five. [Sharon shakes the weight harder] Faster. Harder.
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary cafeteria kitchen, day. Randy is behind the food counter acting as if he's on TV."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Who says that school cafeteria food can't be healthy, delicious, and gourmet? Today we're gonna be making the students my tasty baked ziti with basil and fresh [in an Italian accent] mozzarella. It's all right here right now on Cafeteria Fraîche."
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"Montage. Randy beings out some muffins from the oven, then stirs some soup"
Crème Fraiche,Randy Singing,La lalala la la...
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[glazing some marbled beef] Aww, fuck yeah. [next he chops onions]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy Singing,"Lalalalala la, fraîche, fraîche."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[sniffing the aroma of freshly cooked turkey surrounded by russet potatoes] Ogh, yeah. Man, that ogh... [takes a small torch to some quiches, shows off a new dish on a fancy plate on a regular tray, squirts out some dinner roll batter on a cooking sheet, grinds some pepper onto a baked ham, flambés some shrimp, checks out some pork chops he's got cooking in the oven and likes what he sees]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy Singing,"Crème fraîche, Cafeteria Fraîche. Lalalalala fraîche. Ho ho hohoho."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Dad, what are you doing?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy Singing,[as his head floats across the screen] Fraîche. [a logo finally shows up]
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Fraîche.
Crème Fraiche,Randy Singing,Cafeteria Fraîche.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Alright now, for my baked ziti we are gonna start off by getting some extra-virgin olive oil into the pan. [does so] Oh yeah, get that all over there. It's all slick. ...It's all wet and slick. Oh..."
Crème Fraiche,Craig,"Can we have some food, please? [behind him stand Craig, Kevin, and some more fourth graders]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Now olive oil does have a low smoke point, so keep that heat low, and keep it fraîche. [the crew is shown: Stan operates the camera, Kyle the boom mike, Cartman and Kenny the klieg lights. Randy grates the cheese over the ziti] Ohhh, ohh that's so fuckin' hot. Look at that crust, it's perfect. Fuck yeah."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,Dad! You aren't ever going to be a celebrity chef!
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Quiet on set, please."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"No Dad, that's enough! You need to be focusing on getting Mom back!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,[distracted] Back from where?
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"A beach somewhere. A small table holding a bucket of ice and two Coronas is shown with a chaise longue on either side. On the right one is Sharon, on the left one is the Shake Weight"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Oh, this is so nice. I really needed this."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are so lovely and elegant. You can do anything you set your mind to.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Oh, thanks Shake Weight."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are a go-getter. You are strong and confident.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,You're right.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Tell me again about the women who you do not like.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Well, Linda Stotch is a real gossiper and Tammy Bretts at work is just a know-it-all."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Oh you are so witty and alarmingly insightful. [two beeps] How about a quick workout?
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,[takes off her sunglasses] A workout? Right now?
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Just a quickie. You can do it.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,I don't really like working out in public.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,"Come on. You can do it. [Sharon thinks about it, then picks up the weight with her left hand and shakes it. At first she keeps it at a distance, but soon shakes it normally] That's it. Good. Keep it up. Feel the burn. Harder. Faster. [Sharon does as told] You are amazing. Switch arms. [Sharon switches] Oh that's it. Yes. You are getting really good at this. You are capable of anything. Harder, faster. [Sharon does as told] I said faster. More. Do it. You are almost there. Home stretch. Oh yes. [a ring and two squirts] Your workout is finished. Your cab fare. [pours out some fare onto Sharon's left hand] Now going to sleep mode. [powers down]"
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"A drama/music classroom at South Park Elementary. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny enter through an open door"
Crème Fraiche,Kyle,"We really think this is gonna work, Stan. All we have to do is convince your dad that his cooking sucks, right?"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,He's not going to listen to us! We already tried!
Crème Fraiche,Kyle,"He won't listen to us, but he would listen to- Gordon Ramsay."
Crème Fraiche,Cartman,"[on stilts, dressed as Ramsay] Oy! Bebebebebebebe."
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"That's stupid, Cartman."
Crème Fraiche,Kyle,He does kind of look like him dude. And Kenny thinks Cartman's Gordon Ramsay impersonation is really good.
Crème Fraiche,Kenny,"(Yeah, it's really good.)"
Crème Fraiche,Kyle,"Let's hear it, Cartman!"
Crème Fraiche,Cartman,"Riiight. Simple. Rustic. Ya? Wake up! Jesus! Fuck me. You're not a fucking chef! Hoi, right, good, ya. Make a nice, simple, beef Wellington. You're fucking taking a piss ya? Fuck me! You can't cook!"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"You guys, my dad is retarded, but not that retarded."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[enters the room] Hey Stan, have you seen my- Oh my God it's Gordon Ramsay! [backs out the door quickly and hides behind the door. Stan follows him out] Stan! Do you know who that is in there?! That's the Gordon Ramsay!"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"...Uh yeah Dad, he'd like to talk to you."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Talk to me?! Oh Jesus!
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"A hotel room. Sharon is sleeping in bed when something begins to beep. Sharon wakes up and looks around, gets up and goes to the dresser and opens a drawer. Inside, she sees the Shake Weight blinking and beeping. She picks up the weight in her right hand"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You have not worked out in seven hours.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Oh God, not right now."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Come on. Let's get to it.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Ugh, I'm tired."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You have not worked out in seven hours.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Oh, where is that sleep mode button?"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Cannot go to sleep mode. You need to work out first. Come on. Just really fast?
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Ugghh.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,Come on. It won't take long. Just a quick workout. Come on. Please.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[sighs] All right. Fine. [a few moments later, with the lights on, she begins shaking the weight]"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,"That's it. Good. [Sharon sighs] A little faster. Harder. [Sharon simply switches arm position, but doesn't shake any faster] Come on. Get into it. That's it. Now switch arms. [Sharon switches] You are so attractive and you have interesting things to say. [Sharon shakes the weight faster, but soon has to support her left arm with her right hand] Come on. You are almost there. Faster. Do it faster. [ding, two squirts, some change comes out] Now going to sleep mode. [powers down]"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,[relieved] Ahhh.
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. In the cafeteria kitchen, Cartman tries to discourage Randy any way he can"
Crème Fraiche,Cartman,"[still dressed as Ramsay] What the fuck kind of cook do you think you are?! Are you having a laugh, ey? Hey, you got your fucking head up your arse, don't you?!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Yes chef!
Crème Fraiche,Cartman,"Give up, you wanker! You fucking can't cook for shit!"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Alright Dad, Gordon Ramsay said you suck. It's time to give up."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"No, Stan! No, Chef! This is my dream!"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Dad! You aren't ever going to become a celebrity chef, Dad! Give up on your dream! [another camera crew comes in, with another chef]"
Crème Fraiche,Bobby Flay,"Uh, excuse me. Randy Marsh?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Yes, I- Oh my God, it's Bobby Flay! Stan, that's Bobby Flay!"
Crème Fraiche,Bobby Flay,I heard that Gordon Ramsay had taken an interest in your cafeteria food. So now I would like to challenge you to a school cafeteria food throwdown!
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Whoa, are you serious?? [fist pump] Yes, yes!"
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,"A culinary battle royale is set to explode here in a school cafeteria. Will it be the simple, rustic cafeteria food of the challenger, or will the Iron Chef reign supreme?"
Crème Fraiche,Stan,"Hey no, no. All you people get out of here."
Crème Fraiche,Jamie Oliver,"[appears] Hold on. Wait. School cafeteria food needs to be healthy. [begins to cry] Why, why won't people listen to me?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,Jamie Oliver!
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,"And our celebrity sous-chefs, Mario Batali, Paula Deen [she waves], and Giada De Laurentiis with her perky tats and gigantic head."
Crème Fraiche,Kyle,Can I just get some Goddamned tater tots?
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The hotel, day. Sharon arrives at her hotel room only to find it closed. A sign hangs on the door."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"""Your room is being serviced""? Ugh, oh well. [enters the room and finds the maid working out with the Shake Weight] Uhh, excuse me?"
Crème Fraiche,Rosemary,"Oh, [turns around] uh no, no, [tosses the Shake Weight onto the bed] sorry. I done with cleaning, [runs to her cleaning tray and exits with it] thank you. Please, sorry. [after she leaves Sharon drops her shopping bag and walks to the bed. She crosses her arms and looks at the Shake Weight angrily]"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,...What's the big deal? She wanted to work out. You never want to work out. I just needed help going to sleep. Mode. ...What? ...What? Come on. What? You are amazing and irreplaceable. What? How about a quick workout? What? [moments later Sharon is on the phone with the manufacturer]
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[pacing back and forth] Yeah, I don't care, I just wanna find out how to return my Shake Weight!"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,This is ridiculous. Give Shake Weight a break.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Because I want to return it now! I need to know the address of your company.
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are enticing and lovely. Tell me again about the women you do not like.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"I don't care how long I've had it, I want my money back!"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,You are so forthcoming and delightful. Tell me about which woman at work makes you the angriest. [Sharon stops and glares at it.]
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"Montage opener to a special program: closeups of a chef slicing a carrot to bits, another chef working on a pan dish, another grinding meat, another flipping a steak over, another kneading bread"
Crème Fraiche,Announcer,"Tonight, a school cafeteria in Middle America is the stage for a heavyweight culinary battle. The very best of the best will cook off to find out who... can make the best school cafeteria food. It's... the Hell's Kitchen Nightmares Iron Top Chef Cafeteria Throwdown Ultimate Cookoff Challenge!"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,[walking with a huge metal pot past Mario Batali] Behind you!
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,"[looks at Giada De Laurentiis, then turns to face the camera] Whose cafeteria food will win? These chefs are cooking their hearts out and bringing their A-game to serve the kids of this elementary school. [the cafeteria is shown full of kids] These kids have now been waiting over twelve hours for their lunch. Over at the prep station Jamie Oliver is crying again."
Crème Fraiche,Jamie Oliver,[on the floor] Kids' food should be healthy. Why ain't it healthy?
Crème Fraiche,Announcer,And back in the kitchen the challenger appears to have lost something.
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[walking around, frantic] Where is it, where is it?? I must have left it at home! [leaves the kitchen, goes through the cafeteria, and leaves] I'll be right back!"
Crème Fraiche,Alton Brown,The challenger has left the cafeteria to find his most important ingredient.
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"South Park main street, night. Randy runs home"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Crème fraîche. Crème fraîche. [comes in through the garage and goes to the refrigerator, opens it, and rifles through the food] Where is it?! Where is it?! [goes to the sofa in the living room and takes off the cushions] Dammit, where is that crème fraîche?! [runs upstairs and into the master bedroom. He goes to the dresser and rifles through the top drawer] Where did I leave that fucking crème fraîche?! It has to be somewhere!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[appearing at the doorway] Randy, I'm back."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[looks over his shoulder] Oh, thank God! [quickly walks up to her] Sharon! Have you seen my crème fraîche??"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Randy, we should talk."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,I don't have time! I'm cooking right now!
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Randy, I don't want our marriage to fail. I don't know how to fix what's wrong, but please, can't we just go to bed and start fresh in the morning?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"You don't understand, Sharon! I've got Gordon Ramsay up my ass, Bobby Flay out to kick my ass, and the whole world's gonna be watching! I can't sleep! I haven't slept for days!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,What'd you say?
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"[stops searching and crosses his arms] I can't sleep, Sharon! I'm in work mode!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,Can I try something?
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night, hallway. Randy and Sharon are still in the bedroom, but the door is locked shut"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Oh... Sharon, what are you? Oh! Ohhhohoho, oh. Oh wow! A nice old-fashioned. [Stan walks into view] Oh that, oh that's good! Oh that's it. Yeah! [Stan stops and looks at the door] Now uh, switch arms. [Stan looks away, trying to make sense of what he's hearing] Oohh that's good. Really good. Wow! How'd you get so good at this? [Stan figures it out, turns, and walks away] You're amazing! That's it! Faster! Faster! Awwwgh! ...Awwwww. Awwwww. Haven't had an old-fashioned in a long time. [yawns] Ugh, I'm tired."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,You gonna go back to the kitchen?
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Oh no, fuck that. I'm gonna go to sleep, babe. Here, do you need some money or anything?"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"No, I'm good, thanks. [smiles]"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"I'll get my old job back tomorrow. Cooking's dumb. I'm just... really sleepy. [closes his eyes] Love you, Sharon. [farts, and he's asleep. Sharon remembers something and goes downstairs.]"
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dining room. Her suitcase is on the table. Sharon walks up to her suitcase and opens it up"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,I guess my work here is finished.
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Shake Weight, you aren't really workout equipment at all, are you?"
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,"Marriage is important. Keep your man happy. When things are going bad, there's nothing like an old-fashioned to ease his stress."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"I'll remember that now, thanks to you."
Crème Fraiche,Shake Weight,"It has been nice getting to know you. How about a quick workout, for old times' sake? Just kidding. I must be going now. Another lovely woman needs me. Goodbye, customer."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Goodbye, Shake Weight."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School Playground, day. The kids are out for recess. Bill and another boy are tossing a ball at each other. Scott Malkinson and Red are chatting nearby. On the merry-go-round the four main boys as well as Clyde and Butters are gathered, each of them holding an iPad"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,"Oh my God, isn't it awesome having an iPad, you guys? [Bebe walks by, and Cartman jumps up to approach her] Hey Bebe, where's your iPad? Oh right, you're not cool enough! [laughs at her, and she walks off disgusted. Token walks by] Hey, hey, did you see my iPad, Token? Funny, you don't seem to have one! I thought your family was rich! [Token walks on, but is puzzled by Cartman's behavior. Cartman sees four kids playing four-square and jeers at them] Haha! You dumbasses have to play four-square 'cause you don't have iPads! [checks his iPad and starts pacing] Oh, what should I do on my iPad next? Think I'll email some of my friends. Oh no, wait! Maybe I'll download some more cool apps! [smiles. Craig comes up behind him] This is so awesome! [Craig taps him on the shoulder and Cartman turns around]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Craig,Tom Saltzman says you don't really have an iPad.
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,[stares at him for a second] What?
HUMANCENTiPAD,Craig,"Tom Saltzman says you just glued a piece of glass to an iPad cover and you're faking it. [Cartman looks at him, then looks around to see if anyone is within earshot]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,Tom Saltzman's dad is an alcoholic who drinks and drives! [looks around again]
HUMANCENTiPAD,Stan,"Let me see your iPad, Cartman."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,"Seriously you guys! Tom Saltzman's dad is a drunk driver. He's the one who ran over Joey Potts's dog because Joey Potts doesn't know how to take care of his animals, which is why he gets beat by his mom! [Craig looks off into the distance, surprised]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"Just let us see your iPad, Cartman."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,"No, because the battery is dead; it just ran out of power!"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"So, plug it in."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,"I left my charger at home! [the boys are still waiting] Fine! I'm gonna go home and charge my iPad and bring it tomorrow, and you guys are gonna feel really stupid! [walks away angrily]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, after school. Cartman enters, still pissed off, and closes the door behind him"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,"Well good going, Mom! You completely screwed me over!"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Liane,"[reading a book on the sofa, with her legs tucked under a blanket] What happened, Eric?"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Cartman,"YOU said I had to wait till my birthday to get an iPad! So the one I rubbed in everyone's faces today isn't real and tomorrow everyone's gonna call me a liar. Would you mind loaning me some of your lipstick, Mom? Because I wanna at least look pretty the next time you decide to FUCK me!"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Scene Description,A Sizzler restaurant. Kyle is demonstrating his iPad to a man
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"You see? And then I can take all my homework on my iPad, and swipe it over to my iPhone."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Man,"Oh. Yeah, Apple's stuff is pretty neat alright. I just don't want any big company tracking where I am at all times. [walks off with his tray]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"Aw, that's just a rumor. They don't really track y- [the doors fly open and three men rush in]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 1,"There he is! [The men approach him] Hello Kyle, we're from Apple. We're all ready for you now. [a second man pulls out a scale and sets it on the floor]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,What? Ready for what?
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 1,To fulfill the agreement. Can we get a weight please? [the third man lifts Kyle up and puts him on the scale]
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 2,"83 pounds, sir."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"What ""agreement""?!"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 1,"83 pounds, good. Let's get the bloodwork."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"Hey! You can't do that! [the second man pulls out a tape measure to measure the circumference of Kyle's head, the third man prepares to take Kyle's blood]"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 1,You agreed we could take all the blood we needed.
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,What are you talking about?!
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 1,"When you downloaded the last iTunes update a window on your screen popped up and asked you if you agreed to our terms and conditions. You clicked ""Agree."" Alright, let's get him to the water tank."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,The water tank? [gets off the scale and away from the men] Hey I'm not going with you!
HUMANCENTiPAD,Apple Man 1,You've agreed to all of this! [Kyle runs out of the restaurant] Hey!
HUMANCENTiPAD,Scene Description,"Someone is listening to an iListenToMusic, a sound system dock for the iPhone. The camera pulls back to reveal Kenny, Butters, Stan, Clyde, and Jimmy playing basketball at the local park."
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,[off-camera] You guys! [runs onto the basketball court] You gotta help me. These business casual G-men are trying to kidnap me!
HUMANCENTiPAD,Stan,What?
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"It's crazy, dude! They're saying it's because I agreed to the latest terms and conditions on iTunes!"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Stan,Why? What did the terms and conditions for the last update say?
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"I don't know, I didn't read them!"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Butters,You didn't read them?
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,Who the hell reads that entire thing every time it pops up?
HUMANCENTiPAD,Stan,[earnestly] I do.
HUMANCENTiPAD,Clyde,Me too.
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"You're telling me that every time you guys download an update for iTunes, you read the entire terms and conditions?"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Jimmy,Of course.
HUMANCENTiPAD,Butters,"Well, how do you know if you agree to something if you don't read it?"
HUMANCENTiPAD,Kyle,"Well, I turned off all my Apple stuff. They can't locate you if you don't have your stuff on, right? [at that moment two limousines pull up and men begin pouring out of them]"
