The China Probrem,Kyle,"I know it's hard to think about, but you have to be strong. Remember how that movie made you feel."
The China Probrem,Det. Yates,I didn't see it. [the boys stay silent]
The China Probrem,Jimmy,...You didn't see the new Indiana Jones movie?
The China Probrem,Det. Yates,"No! I don't think anybody here saw it. Did you, Mitch? [Mitch is at the window looking outside through the glass] Mitch? Mitch? [close-up on Mitch, who begins to remember... Indiana is walking through some Southern woods when he encounters two men, one with a rifle, one with a knife.]"
The China Probrem,Spielberg,"[holding the knife] Well well, Indiana Jones. What you doin' in our neck of the woods? [menacing] Now let's see you just drop them pants!"
The China Probrem,Indy,Drop?
The China Probrem,Spielberg,Just take 'em right off.
The China Probrem,Indy,Uh what do you guys want?
The China Probrem,Lucas,"Don't say anything, just do it. And pull off that little ol' biddy. The shirt there, too. [Indy takes off his clothes]"
The China Probrem,Spielberg,"Them panties. Take 'em off. [Indy reluctantly removes his briefs. Spielberg turns and throws his knife into a nearby tree and goes after Indy. Indy turns and runs, but Spielberg chases him down and tackles him.] There, boy! I bet you can squeal! I bet you can squeal like a pig! [twists Indy's left ear lobe] Come on, squeal. Squeal now. Squ-squeal! [Indy tries each time, but can't do it] Weeee! Squeal."
The China Probrem,Indy,We-eee!
The China Probrem,Spielberg,Squeal louder. Weeee!
The China Probrem,Indy,[at the same time] Weee!
The China Probrem,Spielberg,Louder louder! Weeee!
The China Probrem,Indy,[at the same time] Weee!
The China Probrem,Spielberg,Louder! Get down there boy! [has Indy on his knees and mounts him. Lucas cackles softly] Get them britches down.
The China Probrem,Indy,No...
The China Probrem,Spielberg,"Yes, sir! Come on, squeal! Weeeeee!"
The China Probrem,Indy,[squeezes his eyes shut] Weee!
The China Probrem,Spielberg,Weeeeee! [Lucas grunts excitedly] Weeee!
The China Probrem,Indy,Hawwww! Hawwww! [Mitch's recollection end and he's crying. Kyle walks up to him and consoles him]
The China Probrem,Kyle,It's okay. You don't have to feel alone anymore. [Mitch begins to bawl and that sends the boys to crying]
The China Probrem,Scene Description,"P.F. Chang's, day. The police have fallen back to their original positions"
The China Probrem,Scene Description,"P.F. Chang's, inside. Cartman is pacing the floor talking to someone on a mobile phone. No one is near him"
The China Probrem,Cartman,"No no! You listen to me! I have Chinese attackers here! And Chinese supporters! If I go outside, there are more Chinese ready to take me down! Defending America is all that matters, Mr. President! And I will stop at nothing! You understand that I [POP. Cartman looks around, then drops the phone and runs to the source of the pop. Butters has fired the gun again. Cartman runs up to him] What happened?!"
The China Probrem,Butters,They uh tr-tried to come in through the roof! They were gonna take the gun.
The China Probrem,Cartman,Good! Did you kill him? [grins in hope]
The China Probrem,Butters,"Uh, not exactly."
The China Probrem,SWAT Officer,"[his hands over his bloodied crotch] Ow. Oh, it stings. Ohhhh. [Cartman's eyelids drop halfway and he looks at Butters. Butters looks back and Cartman glances away]"
The China Probrem,Butters,"Well it's not where I aimed, honest."
The China Probrem,Cartman,Dude...
The China Probrem,Butters,I seriously didn't mean it.
The China Probrem,Cartman,"Dude! [Butters looks to his right and down] You know what, Butters? You know what? Forget it. [walks off]"
The China Probrem,Butters,"What? Uh where are you going, Eric?"
The China Probrem,Cartman,"[near the front doors, turns around and jabs a finger at Butters] You can just deal with the Chinese invasion yourself if that's how you're gonna do it, Butters! I'm out, man."
The China Probrem,Butters,"By, by my, by myself?"
The China Probrem,Cartman,I didn't sign up for this! You take your American Liberation Front and you shove it up your ass. [walks out of the restaurant in defeat towards the waiting officers] That's it. Kill me. Do whatever. I can no longer conscionably be a part of the American Liberation Front.
The China Probrem,Captain,Go inside! Move! [the officers rush the restaurant]
The China Probrem,Scene Description,A camera pans from the sky down towards a mansion. Deputies drive up in their cruisers and run to the front door. One of them pounds on the front door
The China Probrem,Deputy 1,"George Lucas and Steven Spielberg! We have a warrant for your arrest! [there's no response. He looks at another deputy] Break it in! [the second deputy kicks the doors in and leads the other deputies inside. They search the mansion until they reach the library, where they enter and suddenly stop. They all gasp.]"
The China Probrem,Deputy 2,My God. [Lucas is raping a man dressed as a Stormtrooper]
The China Probrem,Spielberg,"Heey, what, what the hell are you doin' here?! [Lucas stops. Moments later, Spielberg and Lucas are led out of the mansion.] You've got nothin' on us! Seven hundred million box office!"
The China Probrem,Lucas,Hm this is bullshit!
The China Probrem,Stormtrooper,[runs away like a chicken] Weeee! Weeee!
The China Probrem,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. The boys await any updates about the arrest of Spielberg and Lucas. Yates and Mitch enter the waiting room
The China Probrem,Det. Yates,"Boys, we got 'em."
The China Probrem,Kyle,What?
The China Probrem,Det. Yates,"[puts his hands on his hips] Spielberg and Lucas, they were... raping a Stormtrooper when the police broke in."
The China Probrem,Mitch,And they found the dead raped bodies of Yoda and Short Round in their closet. [crosses his arms] They'll never be free to do this again. [the boys gather around the officers]
The China Probrem,Stan,"So, what now?"
The China Probrem,Jimmy,"Do you think things can ever go back to n-n-n, n-no, normal after this?"
The China Probrem,Clyde,What do we do?
The China Probrem,Kyle,We live. That's what Indy would have wanted. We just try... to live.
The China Probrem,Scene Description,"P.F. Chang's, day. The diners are all out of the restaurant. Cartman and Butters are in the middle of the street. The police still have their weapons aimed at them"
The China Probrem,Captain,Everyone just stay where you are until we can sort this all out.
The China Probrem,Father,There's nothing to sort out! These kids need to be put in jail!
The China Probrem,Captain,We're going to search everyone and get statements! And the-
The China Probrem,Officer 1,"Sir! Sir, it's over. They got 'em."
The China Probrem,Captain,Got who?
The China Probrem,Officer 1,"Spielberg and Lucas, they... finally got them for what they did to Indiana Jones, sir. [the captain lowers his gone and suddenly hugs the officer gratefully]"
The China Probrem,Captain,"[softly] Hohhh, they got them."
The China Probrem,Officer 2,They got 'em. It's over.
The China Probrem,Officer 3,It's over. [they hug each other]
The China Probrem,Father,That means... they'll never be free to rape again.
The China Probrem,Waiter,"It's over its over. [everyone weeps in relief and cry out ""They got 'em."" Most of them hug each other]"
The China Probrem,Officer 4,I love you.
The China Probrem,Officer 5,"I love you too. [Cartman, with a cock of his head to the right, motions to Butters to move, and they walk away. As they walk, Cartman begins discarding his costume]"
The China Probrem,Butters,So wait. That's it? What about the Chinese invasion?
The China Probrem,Cartman,"I really don't care anymore, Butters. You see, I've learned something today. As Americans our fear of seeing another country become powerful can turn us into monsters. Watching how crazy you went. Watching you just... shoot people in the dick like that. It made me realize that I want America to be safe, but not at the cost of losing its dignity. I'd rather us be... Chinese... than a nation of unethical dickshooters. [turns aside] You think about it. [turns and walks away.]"
The China Probrem,Butters,[just stands there for a while] ...Can't believe they put 'em in jail. And I thought that movie was pretty good. [walks off in a different direction]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in class waiting for the bell to ring. Mr. Garrison enters with some books."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's all take our seats. [the kids take their seats as Mr. Garrison approaches his desk and puts the books away] Before we get started today, Wendy Testaburger has asked to share something with the class. Wendy? [Clyde, Kyle, and Bradley take their seats and Wendy walks up to the front of the class. She turns to face the class and looks over at Mr. Garrison]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"[clears her throat] Thank you, Mr. Garrison. [reads from her notes] Fellow students, October is Awareness Month for one of the leading causes of death among women. A terrible disease that takes the lives of American women every day. I'm talking, of course, about breast cancer. [Cartman tries to contain his laughter, but it comes out anyway. Wendy is mad, but resumes her report.] An estimated one in six women will deal with cancer in their lifetime, and breast cancer is the most common- [Cartman again tries to contain his laughter]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,She said it again. [laughs]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Is there a problem?! Because breast cancer isn't funny! Breast cancer is killing people!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[enjoying his distraction] Mr. Garrison, do we really need all this potty talk in the classroom?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"[lowers his head and rubs his right temple] Eric, for the love of Jesus..."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"This is a serious issue, Eric! What you're doing is very offensive!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Me? You're the one talking about killer titties. [Clyde contains a giggle] Watch out, guys. Wendy said boobs can kill people. [holds his hands out as if grabbing at people] Grrr. Gonna get you. Gonna get you, Wendy!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,I don't wanna get killed by boobs.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Will somebody do something? Every week he gets worse and nobody does anything!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"[flatly] Eric, stop being offensive."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"I'm just trying to engage Wendy in a constructive dialogue about breast cancer awareness, Mr. Garrison."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"[irritated] No, you aren't!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Wendy, you need to calm down. You're gonna get your boobs all angry and they're gonna start killing everyone. [the other boys laugh. He joins them] Dude, I'm on fire today!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"The school hallway, later. Wendy puts up a Breast Cancer Awareness poster up next to the drinking fountain. Other kids walk here and there, and Cartman appears"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Look out, everyone. There's some killer titties on the loose. [points to the ceiling] Could've swore I heard them coming through the roof. [Wendy turns and glares at him. Cartman talks into an imaginary walkie talkie] ""Pssht! Officer! We need to get an APB out on those titties! They're armed and dangerous!"" [Wendy suddenly gets in Cartman's face]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,What is your problem? Breast cancer isn't funny.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Not at all. [cups his hands again as if they're killer titties] ""Wendy, we're gonna get you, Wendy. We're your boobs, we're gonna kill you!"""
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[points to him] You'd better shut up [lowers her right arm] or I'll make you shut up!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Oho, really? What are you gonna do about it, Wendy?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I'm gonna kick your ass! That's what I'm gonna do!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Haha, you're gonna kick my ass?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"That's right, I'm gonna kick your ass!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[begins to act like a gangbanger] You wanna throw down, dawg? I'll throw down."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,You think you're tough?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,[takes what looks like a gang pose] Whassup? [takes another one] Whassup?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I'll smack the shit out of you!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Standing right here, let's go, bitch."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,After school! We fight after school! You got that?!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,You're gonna fight me after school?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,That's right!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"You're a chick, dude."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"As soon as that bell rings, we do it outside, you got that?! And you better be there."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[poses again] Oh, it's on, bitch!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,You're gonna [jabs at the floor for emphasis] fucking die! [turns and walks away. Cartman strikes a few more poses]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"Wendy and Eric are fightin' after school! Hey, everybody! [goes forth to spread the news. He walks by Stan, Kyle, and Bebe] Wendy and Eric are fightin' after school!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,What?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Bebe,Wow. [goes forth to spread the news among the girls. She walks into the girls' bathroom and announces] Wendy and Cartman are gonna fight after school!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Girls,[separately] Really? Wow.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,The kindergarten room. Kindergartners are playing with toys when Ike walks in
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Ike,[faltering a bit] Wendy and Cartman are fighting after school. [the other kindergartners jump for joy]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Kindergartners,Yaaay!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, behind the cafeteria. The Goth kids are idling around. Henrietta is reading from her book"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Red,"[opens the door and says] Hey, emo kids, Cartman and Wendy are gonna fight after school. [goes back inside and closes the door]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Pete,[flips his hair out of his eyes] Did she just call us emos?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"The cafeteria. Most of the kids are eating lunch. At the center table are eight boys: Kenny, Clyde, Cartman, Butters, Jimmy, Token, Craig, and Jason"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"Jeez, I can't believe Wendy's gonna fight you after school."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Token,She is pissed off.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"She is not gonna show up to a fight, dawg. I'm sure she's already trying to figure a way to get out of it."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Clyde,"[taps Cartman twice on the right arm] Hey, check it out. She's totally staring you down. [Cartman leans to the right a bit to get a better view. Craig, Token, and Jimmy look back at the table behind them. Wendy stares back. There are six other girls at her table: Bebe to her right, Lola and Heidi to her left, Esther opposite Bebe, Anne opposite Lola, and Millie opposite Heidi. There's no one seated opposite Wendy, so she has a clear view. Bebe leans over and whispers something to her. Cartman smiles, but the smile turns into worry] She sure seems confident. You should probably go easy on her, dude. You don't wanna put her in the hospital or anything."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Yeah, I'm just gonna teach her a lesson. I'm not gonna totally... kick her ass. [Cartman looks at Wendy again, and Wendy stares back. She makes a fist with her right hand and punches the open palm of her left hand.]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,Can't go too easy on her though. God forbid she actually gets in a good good punch and... beats ya.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"Yeah, heh. [grabs his milk carton] If you got beat up by a girl, everyone would think you were a faggot. [takes a sip of milk through a straw and sets the carton down. Cartman begins to panic, looks around, and looks again at Wendy. Her face becomes the only thing he sees]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, after lunch. In the hallway, Wendy puts away her books. Cartman finds her and walks up to her"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Wendy, could I talk to you for a second?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,What?!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[almost whispering] Wendy, I want to apologize, and, um, tell you that-"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,What?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[takes her aside and whispers] I want to apologize, and tell you that... I'm sorry for what I said. Okay? It was wrong of me, and I promise you that it won't happen again. I don't wanna fight you after school, all right? So, I'm sorry."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"If you're really sorry, you can say it in front of everyone!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[takes her aside further and whispers] Actually, I was thinking... let's just keep this between us. I was wrong to make fun of breast cancer, and I'm very remorsefulness."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"No! If you're really sorry, and you wanna apologize to me, then do it in front of everyone."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[seeing the unwanted attention] Pfft, apologize?! [begins to strike poses] That's not what I said, you dumb bitch. Heheh, heheh."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"Yes, you did! You just stood there and said you apologize and you don't want to fight!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Oh, Wendy, such a desperate attempt to get out of it. These students are a little too smart to see you're just making excuses not to fight me."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I don't want an excuse! I'm going to beat the fucking shit out of you!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[trying to put up a front] Ohhh, ahhhh... That's funny. You're gonna die, you lesbo. [Wendy goes back to her locker, the other kids go their separate ways. Wendy shuts her locker door and Cartman races up to her again. He whispers] Wendy, seriously though, I do want to apologize. I'm really sorry and I don't think we should fight."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Get away from me! [walks away]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,Another part of the hallway. The Goth kids are walking along and notice Stan at his locker. They approach him
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Michael,"So, everyone's saying there's gonna be a fight between Eric Cartman and your girlfriend."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,I guess so.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Pete,"And you're gonna... just let that guy... beat up on your woman? Doesn't that, like, go against your jockey man code or something? [flips his hair]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Michael,"Yeah, I don't ever remember AC/DC singing about letting dudes beat up on their girlfriends."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,What am I supposed to do about it? [Craig and Jimmy walk up to him]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Craig,"Don't worry, Stan, I don't think the fight's even gonna happen. Cartman said that Wendy's already begging him to call it off."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,I'll bet she is!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"[walks into view] Ah, I hope not! I wanna see Eric kick the crap out of her! [performs some punching moves]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,Another part of the hallway. Wendy's walking along when a door opens to her left
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[peers out from the doorway] Wendy. Wendy, psst."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,What?!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Psst real, real quick. Just psst, real quick. [Wendy goes into the room Cartman was hiding in, which is a storage room. Once inside, she looks around, taking it all in.] Wendy, you're not gonna believe this. [She turns and glares at him] I just found out my mom has breast cancer. [she glares harder] Man, I sure got what was coming to me! I was a real jerk, and now they're gonna cut off my mom's boobs."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,You really think that's gonna work on me?!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Wendy, [pulls out a letter-sized envelope] I have here twenty-seven dollars in cash. If you just call off the fight, then I-"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,You can't bribe your way out of this!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[puts his left hand up to hold her back] Wendy, I have muscular dystrophy."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"No, you don't."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,[thinks for a moment] My mom has muscular dystrophy. In her boobs.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"You don't get it, asshole! [shoves him back a bit] There is nothing you can do to stop this fight! I am going to wipe the playground with you right in front of everyone! I am going to shove your ass down your throat and make you eat your underwear!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,Eat my underwear?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,That's right.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[walks a few steps away] Okay. Okay, Wendy, I will eat my underwear. Right here, right now."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"Jesus Christ, do you have no sense of self-respect?!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"No. U-unless you want me to. You want me to have self-respect, then I will."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,You fucking suck so hard!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"I'll eat my underwear, Wendy. [unzips his pants.] And then you'll be satisfied. We can put this whole thing behind us."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,What are you doing?! [Cartman takes off his underwear]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"I'm committed to peace, Wendy. [begins to swallow his underwear] I want you to see just how humbled I am... [gags]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Ew! [looks away]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[rather muffled] Euugh. Wendy? Look at me, Wendy. [tries one last swallow and succeeds] There. Yeahm."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Oh my God!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,So... [turns to face her] are we cool?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,No!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartamn,"I ate my underwear! [advances. Wendy backs up] What the hell do you want from me?! [advances again. Wendy backs up, then runs around Cartman towards the door. He can't turn fast enough to match her] Weh-"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[opens the door] You are so pathetic!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[throws himself at her mercy] Wendy it isn't fair! [she runs out of there quickly] I ate my underwear for you! Nooo! [Craig walks by and stops to look in] Yo, what's up dawg?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,The boys' bathroom. Stan enters. Cartman rushes in behind him
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Stan, Stan! Dude, we need to talk."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,What?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"You know, Wendy and I are supposed to fight in like three hours."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,Yeah?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Dude, aren't you worried? Wendy's a girl. She could end up getting really hurt, Stan. You're my bro and she's your bitch. I don't wanna hurt my bro's bitch."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,"I can't do anything; she really wants to fight you. [moves towards the stalls, but Cartman runs up ahead of him and stops him]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Nu-no, she doesn't. She told me she doesn't wanna fight. She's just stuck, Stan. Because she knows I'm gonna kick her ass, but she feels like if she doesn't fight me all the kids are gonna call her a chicken."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,Really?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"You know what she did? She apologized and begged me not to fight her. I said ""Well, Wendy, if you're so sorry, then say it in front of everyone."", but she wouldn't. That's how desperate she is. Man, you have to do something, Stan. You have to be a fuckin' man and forbid her from fighting, so she has a way- [his gag reflex kicks in and his underwear comes back up his throat and out of his mouth. Stan looks on a bit stunned as Cartman pulls his underwear the rest of the way out, then glances back and forth at his underwear and at Stan] Oh, that's where I put those. [puts his underwear into a back pocket] Anyway, Stan, you've got to put a stop to this fight. Wendy's stuck and she needs you."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,"Dude, there's nothing I can do about it."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[runs to Stan's left, by the sinks] God, you are such a pussy, Stan! You're such a pussy! When I hurt Wendy, it's gonna be on your fucking head! [his underwear is hanging from his right hand. Cartman notices, then runs out of the bathroom. Stan looks down helplessly]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, near the end of the school day. Garrison is at the front of the class giving a lecture"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"And so you see, at this point Euripides knew he could not win the battle. [Cartman glances at the clock on the wall: 2:58 p.m. His fingers drum the desk softly as he looks ahead blankly remembering Wendy's words: ""I am going to wipe the playground with you right in front of everyone!"" Then Butters': ""If you got beat up by a girl, everyone would think you were a faggot.""] All right kids, for your homework tonight I want you all to read chapters seven... [Cartman begins to block everything out except Wendy and the wall clock: 2:58 p.m. Wendy's ready to fight.]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Bebe,"Kick the shit out of him, Wendy!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,"As soon as the bell rings, we've gotta get out there and find a good place to watch the fi-fufu-fight. [As the wall clock draws towards 3 p.m. Cartman thinks ""There's no way out. She's gonna kick my ass in front of everyone.""]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,Almost time. [smiles]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,And be ready for a quiz tomorrow morning.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Clyde,"I totally can't see the fight, dude. I have detention after school."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[a revelation] Detention! That's it! [begins to fidget: ""I've gotta get detention, fast!"" The minute hand hits 0 and Cartman runs out of his seat towards the front of the class. He gets on Mr. Garrison's desk, shoves the Homework Assignments holder off the desk, lowers his pants, and leaves a nice brown gift on the desk. Mr. Garrison looks at him. The class is stunned as Cartman looks back at Mr. Garrison]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, did you just take a crap on my desk?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[strikes some gang poses] Whassup? Whassup? Crapped on your desk, dawg. What's up with that? [Wendy's especially shocked. No one says a word until...]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,[cocks his head to his right] Huh.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"The school library. Five kids are in detention there, and Mr. Mackey is looking after them"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Mackey,"Welcome to detention, m'kay? You are here until your parents come and pick you up. Use your time to study. [walks away]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[puts his feet up on the table and his hands behind his head, certain he's gotten out of the fight with Wendy] Ahhh, sweet."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"[a door opens and his voice is heard] Eric. Hey Eric. [the camera shows Butters motioning Cartman over. Craig and Jimmy are behind him. Cartman looks over at them, then leaves his seat and walks to the door] Eric, wha-what's goin' on? Everyone is startin' to say you got detention on purpose to get out of fightin' Wendy."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,What?! That's ridiculous!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"But some people think you crapped on Teacher's desk, uh, to get out of the fight."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,That's not why I did it.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Craig,Then why'd you crap on Garrison's desk?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[begins to pose] Because I'm hardcore. You know, I'm I'm antiestablishment. That's how I roll, dawgs. I do hardcore stuff like that."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"That's what I said. I told everyone outside, ""Cartman ain't scared of fightin' Wendy! He'd do it if he could!""."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Damned straight! I just got all punk rock and got detention, you know! I'm just a bad dude."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Craig,"Okay, that's good, because we moved the fight to first thing in the morning tomorrow."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,Before school starts. Everyone's gonna get there early.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,[shocked] Huh?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,That way it won't matter if you get detention.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Mackey,"[finds him] Eric, get your buns back over here, m'kay?!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,"Wendy said she'd be here an hour before school starts. See you in the morning, ch-ch-ch-champ! [they walk away and the doors close. Cartman stands there for a moment, then returns to his seat. There's a rapping at the window and Cartman looks over]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[outside] Tomorrow morning! You fucking die tomorrow morning! [walks away. Cartman is truly scared]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"Wendy's room, night. She's doing math homework"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,Wendy?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Yeah?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,"We need to talk to you, right now. [Wendy leaves her chair and her room, and goes downstairs. Her parents are waiting for her, quite displeased and upset as they confront their daughter] Wendy, have you been bullying kids at school?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,What? No!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,"Well, do you want to explain why this little boy's mother had to come talk to us? [Wendy looks and sees Cartman and Liane seated on the sofa. Cartman is sobbing quietly]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Testaburger,Did you tell this little boy you were going to beat him up?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,You don't understand. He said horrible things.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[whining] The, the thing is, I totally said I was sorry, but she still wants to beat me up. [cries into Liane's sweater. She soothes him]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,"Wendy, no matter what a person says, you don't respond with violence. Haven't we taught you that?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"The thing is, Wendy, I really think you're awesome, and I know I'm just a nerdy little weakling to you, but I want to be your friend because I don't have that many friends at schooooooooooool. [cries into Liane's sweater. She soothes him again]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,"Wendy, you tell this little boy you aren't going to hurt him."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"Mom, you don't-"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,"Now, young lady!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I'm not going to hurt you.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Testaburger,"If there is any word of you fighting at school it is over for you, missy! Do you understand?!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"Yes, sir."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mrs. Testaburger,"We're so sorry about this, Ms. Cartman."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Liane,"Oh no, thank you so much for your time. [Cartman looks at Wendy, then makes faces at her and sticks both middle fingers up at her. Wendy blushes with fury, but can't do anything now]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Testaburger,It really won't happen again.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Liane,"You're very sweet. Thank you again. Come on, muffin. [stops making faces and looks up at her, then joins her as she walks to the front door]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Okay, Mommy. Mama, Mama."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, before school. The fourth graders are all there, with Cartman front and center. Craig and Butters stand by his side as he faces the road"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,Man it's almost time for school to start an' Wendy still isn't here.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Yeah, I don't know what's going on. I mean, I showed up."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Bebe,Where is she? How come Wendy's not showing up for the fight?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,An Older Girl,Here she comes! [everyone looks to their right and see Wendy approaching.]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[begins to strike poses as Wendy walks by] What's up, Wendy? I thought we were meeting early to fight."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[stops and looks at him] You know I can't fight you!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,Why not? You chicken? [begins to strut and cluck like a chicken]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I can't fight you because you came crying to my house last night with your mom!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Pfffft. Aw, that's a doozie, Wendy! You come up with that one on your own?!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"Hehehe yeah, did you come up with that one on your own?!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"I ain't frontin' dawg! Let's do this! Let's do it right now, yo."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Bebe,"Come on, Wendy, kick his ass!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I can't! [the school bell rings and she walks towards the building] God damn it!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,She chickened out!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Other students,"Aw, man. [they follow her into the building and towards class]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,Told you guys.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,"Ugh, I'm glad that's over with."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Pete,"[walking by with the other Goths] Yeah, I guess you've dodged a bullet, Galahad."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,I always knew deep down that Wendy didn't have any ba-ba-balls.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's class, morning. Clyde is presenting his report before the class"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Clyde,"And so, we must all recycle. Every day. Recycling is important, and it will save our planet, Earth. The End. [the class applauds politely as he takes his seat. Wendy has her face buried in her arms]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"Very nice, Clyde. Okay, we have time for one more report before recess. Who'd like to go? [Cartman smiles and silently raises his hand] Okay Eric. [Cartman happily gets out of his seat and goes to face the class]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[clears his throat] Thank you. My report today is on breast cancer awareness. [Wendy lifts her head up in surprise] I do not believe enough is being done, and, like the victims of breast cancer, there's something I'd like to get off my chest. [stifles a laugh] We all must fight, and hopefully one day, titty cancer will be a distant mammary. [stifles a laugh again]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[softly] You unbelievable bastard. You beat me but you won't stop.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,What did the breast cancer say to the Polish monkey?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, Eric, that's enough, you smartass!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Why?! [leaves her seat and walks up to Cartman] Why are you doing this to me?! [grabs him by the collar and shakes him] Why won't you just stop?!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[cautioning] Wendy, Wendy."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,[through the school's PA system] Wendy Testaburger to the principal's office please? Wendy Testaburger to the principal's office.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,God! [Cartman cackles as she leaves]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"The Principal's office, moments later. Wendy stands before Principal Victoria"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,"Wendy, I've been hearing rumors about a fight between you and Eric Cartman."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"No, ma'am, there isn't going to be a fight."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,Oh no? Are you sure?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"Yes, ma'am."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,I see. [gets up and walks to the window and looks out] I've noticed all the things you've done for Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Did you know I'm a breast cancer survivor?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,Ma'am?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,"I was diagnosed seven years ago. Cancer is... pure evil. It is a fat little lump that needs to be... destroyed. [Faces Wendy] When there is a cancer, you have to ""fight"" it. You can't reason with cancer, you can't wish it away. Cancer doesn't play by the rules, so neither can you."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[thinks a moment] My... parents said that if I fight-
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,"And you can't listen to what anybody else tells you. [turns back to the window] You have to be willing to give up everything, because the cancer will [turns back to Wendy] take everything. Do you understand?"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,"[the look of determination appears on her face and she makes her hands into fists] Yes, ma'am!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Principal Victoria,"When you have cancer you fight, because it doesn't matter if you beat it or not. You refuse to let that fat little lump make you feel powerless!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,The hallway. Bebe bursts through some doors and walks down the hall
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Bebe,She's gonna fight! Wendy's gonna fight Cartman right now!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Millie,"What? [the other kids in the hall turn and everyone heads outside. Other classes hear about this and clear out, chattering all the while. Wendy leads the pack towards the playground. While still in the building she takes off her jacket and throws it aside. On her blouse is a purple prancing unicorn connected to some orange stars by a yellow rainbow]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,The playground. Cartman and the other boys toss the football at each other.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Go deep, Craig. [throws the football at Craig, who is off-screen] Not that deep, retard!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,[runs up to Cartman smiling] She's coming! She's coming!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Butters, get out of here!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,But Wendy's coming to fight you.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[in disbelief] ...Huh? [Butters turns left and looks at the building, smiling. Cartman looks to his right. The side doors fly open and Wendy walks down the steps spoiling for a fight. The students cheer her on as she turns left and heads for the playground. Some girls trail behind her, Bebe being the first among them.]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Clyde,Oh boy here we go!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"All right! [other kids chatter around them. The Goth kids find some good spots along the brick wall. Red Goth and Kindergoth sit atop the wall, Tall Goth and Henrietta remain on the ground next to it]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Pete,It's about freaking time. [Wendy walks up to Cartman and they face off]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Craig,"All right, let's DO IT!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[wavering] What- what's up? [begins posing] What what's up? [draws close to her and cautions in a whisper] Wendy, don't forget: I'll tell my mom on you."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,I don't care! [Cartman looks around. Butters gleefully dances in place waiting for the fight to start]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Um, recess is almost over, I don't I don't know if there's really time."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,A Girl,Shut up and fight! [everyone else joins in the demand. Wendy ties her hair up in a small bun behind her head]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Alright, fine Wendy! I'll fight you, you big bully! [takes off his jacket and tosses it aside]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"The fighters dance around each other until Wendy lands a right cross. Cartman spins around and falls on his back. Wendy dances around and Cartman stands up, pulling up his pants in the process. Wendy lands two left jabs on Cartman's face, and Cartman finally responds with a right punch. It's strong enough to make Wendy stagger backwards"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Kids,Ohhhhh!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"Cartman lands another punch on Wendy's face, then continues with a series of alternating punches, forcing Wendy backwards and into the crowd. Cartman lands a punch strong enough to send Wendy into the jungle gym, then continues punching her there. Wendy eventually catches one of his punches and outmuscles him, throwing Cartman into the jungle gym, then driving his face into one of the bars at least twice, and Cartman begins to bleed. The crowd is loving it, cheering her on. Wendy now delivers a long series of alternating punches, forcing Cartman back across the playground and into a hobby elephant. Cartman puts his arms up to deflect the punches, but it's ineffective."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"Fuck him up, Wendy!"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Scene Description,"Cartman finally tosses Wendy off him and throws a punch at her, but she punches faster, making him miss. She then punches him on the right temple, and Cartman wobbles a bit. As he recovers, Wendy delivers the finishing blow: a fierce right cross that turns Cartman's head around and sends his body flying. The scene is frozen in time and the various reactions are shown: Stan, Kyle, Tweek, and Jimmy are cheering Wendy on. Jimmy has his right crutch up in the air, cheering. Butters is swooning while the boys around him just watch the fight. Time speeds up and Cartman falls to the ground, losing a tooth. Wendy kicks him a few times for good measure. She runs out of strength, staggers backwards, and drops down on her ass, exhausted."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Mackey,[just arriving] Wendy?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Wendy,[pants and looks back at Mr. Mackey] I'm finished! [gets up and walks away. The girls look at her with astonishment]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Mr. Mackey,"Eh, somebod - somebody call the principal! [Cartman gets up, sniffling. Some of the kids begin to leave. Cartman looks around]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,[demoralized] You don't have to say anything. I know how it is. I'm no longer the cool kid. Now you all think I'm a fahahahahahag. [begins to wail] My school life is over 'cause now all the guys don't think I'm coooohoohoohoohoohooooool. [wails some more]
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Stan,"Dude, we never thought you were cool."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,That's not true! You're just saying that!
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Kyle,"No, really. We've always thought you suck."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Jimmy,"Yeah, nothing's changed. Our opinion of you can't possible go any lower."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,You're all just saying that to make me feel better.
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Craig,"No, it's true. We've always hated you."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Butters,"Well, yeah."
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"Don't try and make me feel better, you guys, it isn't... Wait, wait a minute. Why would you guys be saying stuff to make me feel better? Unless... unless you do think I'm cool. [the guys look at each other, sure that Cartman misunderstood them]"
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Craig,[confused] What?
Breast Cancer Show Ever,Cartman,"[seeing a positive side to this somehow] If you're all trying to make me feel better, then you must still like me. Oh, oh phew! Oh, you had me so worried about what you guys were gonna think of me getting beat up by a girl and... it turns out you think I'm cool no matter what. Oh, oh, oh God, what a relief! [jumps up and clicks his feet up in the air] Oh, yay! [jumps up again]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. The boys wait for Kenny, who is coming out of Walstien's with his purchase. Once he arrives, the boys move out into the open mall area and turn left."
Pandemic,Kyle,"I don't get it, Kenny: why do you buy razors and shaving cream?"
Pandemic,Kenny,"('Cause, dude, i'm gonna shave my balls.)"
Pandemic,Cartman,Shave your balls? Why would you shave your balls?
Pandemic,Kenny,(Because girls like shaved balls.)
Pandemic,Kyle,Girls like shaved balls?
Pandemic,Kenny,"(Yes, they do.)"
Pandemic,Cartman,What girl is gonna see your balls?
Pandemic,Kenny,(I don't know.) [Something grabs Stan's attention and he stops and looks to his right.]
Pandemic,Stan,"[pissed off] Oh Jesus, there's another one! [the other boys stop and look. A Peruvian pan flute band plays and draws a small crowd] Another pan flute band! Have you guys noticed there's bands like this everywhere you go lately? [the band has a bombo drummer, a siku player, and two charango players]"
Pandemic,Cartman,Yeah I saw like three of those bands down in Denver yesterday. All their crappy music sounds the same.
Pandemic,Stan,I'm so sick of hearing this music everywhere I go!
Pandemic,Kyle,I think Kenny likes it. [Kenny's groovin' to the music]
Pandemic,Stan,[turns left and leaves] I gotta get home for dinner.
Pandemic,Cartman,"[follows] Yeah, me too. [Kyle follows Cartman and Kenny keeps dancing.]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, exterior. The boys exit the mall. Kenny catches up to them. The camera pulls back to reveal another band."
Pandemic,Stan,[pumping his fists] God!
Pandemic,Cartman,Shut up already!
Pandemic,Stan,I'm outta here; see ya guys. [leaves. Kyle and Cartman follow and Kenny dances again]
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. He walks in through the front door and to the sofa, where he finds Shelly watching TV."
Pandemic,TV,"Tonight, the Travel Channel takes you to London! [the London skyline is shown. A British flag floats across the screen] London has something for everyone! Sights! [a pillar topped by a statue] Theater, and wonderful street performers! [the picture pans down to reveal a pan flute band playing to the crowd]"
Pandemic,Stan,They're in London too?
Pandemic,Sharon,"Hey, time for dinner guys. [Shelly turns off the TV and joins Stan to the dining room]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,The dining room. Sharon arrives with a bowl of fruit as Stan and Shelly take their seats on either side of the table. Sharon has already set their meals on the table. Today's meal? Potatoes au gratin.
Pandemic,Sharon,"All right kids, dig in."
Pandemic,Stan,Where's dad?
Pandemic,Sharon,[irritated] He's upstairs videotaping your grandfather in the bathtub.
Pandemic,Stan,Why?
Pandemic,Sharon,Because ever since your father got that stupid video camera he thinks he has to film everything the family does.
Pandemic,Randy,"[arrives and starts shooting] All right, here we are. Marsh family gathered for another dinner. [moves around to Stan's side of the table, shooting video all the while]"
Pandemic,Sharon,"Randy, we have plenty of video of us eating dinner."
Pandemic,Randy,[points the camera at Shelly] There's Shelly. You excited about eating dinner Shelly?
Pandemic,Shelly,"Turn it off, Dad!"
Pandemic,Randy,"[swoops around to Shelly's side to get a better shot] Oh look! Stan's eating a tater-tot! Wave to the camera, Stan. [takes a quick look at the screen attached to the camera, to adjust the aim. A second later and pan flute music is heard. Stan looks around and locates the source. He walks to a front window and sees a pan flute band playing across the street. In front of them is a briefcase full of CDs]"
Pandemic,Stan,Oh Jesus Christ! [Randy walks up behind him with the camera]
Pandemic,Randy,"Ohhh neato, it's one of those Peruvian pan flute bands. Stan, go out and stand with them. I can get a shot. [Stan just glances at him]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, next day. Kenny and Cartman are with him playing Candyland on the living room floor."
Pandemic,Cartman,"I will play this card to move Kyle back seven spaces... [moves Kyle's piece back seven spaces and softly says] ...screw you Kyle. [normal voice] Aaand all right, your turn, Kenny. [tosses the dice to him]"
Pandemic,Stan,"You guys! You guys, check this out: I saw another Peruvian flute band outside my house last night."
Pandemic,Cartman,So?
Pandemic,Stan,"So? So I just sat there and watched them for a while and, guess how much money they made selling their crappy CDs?"
Pandemic,Cartman,How much?
Pandemic,Stan,Over two hundred bucks.
Pandemic,Kyle,Two hundred dollars?
Pandemic,Cartman,Really? Are you sure?
Pandemic,Stan,"Yeah dude, I'm- I'm starting to realize that it's like the easiest job in the world. You know, I mean, we could do that! [the other boys stay quiet]"
Pandemic,Kyle,...Become a Peruvian flute band?
Pandemic,Stan,"Yeah, why not? We get some instruments and some costumes and then... make some crappy pan flute music CDs on my computer."
Pandemic,Cartman,[stands up] Oh my god. We're gonna make so much fucking money you guys.
Pandemic,Stan,Yeah!
Pandemic,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Pandemic,Kyle,But where are we gonna get the money to buy costumes and and the instruments? [the boys give it some thought]
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Craig's house, moments later. The four boys are at the front door ringing the doorbell. The door opens and Craig appears."
Pandemic,Cartman,"Craig, dude, how're you doing, bro?"
Pandemic,Craig,...Fine.
Pandemic,Cartman,"Cool, awesome. Um, Craig, remember how you were tellin' us how your grandma gave you a hundred bucks for your birthday?"
Pandemic,Craig,...Yeah.
Pandemic,Stan,"Craig, how would you like to turn that hundred dollars into a thousand dollars? [Craig stays quiet, so Cartman prevails upon him and enters his house]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,Craig's living room.
Pandemic,Cartman,"Come on in, Craig. Have a seat. Welcome."
Pandemic,Craig,What do you guys want?
Pandemic,Kyle,"[enters with Stan and Kenny] Craig, we have chosen you to join our Peruvian flute band!"
Pandemic,Cartman,[applauds] All right Craig! [pats him on the back]
Pandemic,Craig,You mean like those guys you see at all the tourist spots?
Pandemic,Stan,"There's a reason they're everywhere, Craig: because they make bank! We just need your money to buy instruments and make some CDs."
Pandemic,Cartman,"And we'll double your money in one afternoon, Craig."
Pandemic,Craig,[assessing the situation] You guys never hang out with me. You never invite me to do stuff. But now you want me to be in a band with you because my grandma gave me a hundred dollars.
Pandemic,Cartman,"Craig, don't be an asshole."
Pandemic,Craig,[turns right and walks past Cartman] I'll go get the money. [the boys grin. Stan and Kenny high-five each other.]
Pandemic,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day, by the fountain. The five boys now gather in their costumes with their instruments. Cartman plays the siku, Stan and Kyle play charangos, Kenny plays on a home-made bombo while Craig has a new stringed instrument."
Pandemic,Stan,"All right guys, just like we rehearsed it. You ready Craig? All right, let's jam!"
Pandemic,Cartman,"And a one, and a two, and a- [the boys launch into their rendition of ""Mary Had A Little Lamb""]"
Pandemic,Man 1,"Wow, that's such cultural music."
Pandemic,Man 2,"Very cultural, yes."
Pandemic,Cartman,"[as the men leave] Por favor, buy our CDs de musica. [in their briefcase are $10 CDs from their band, the Llama Brothers, ""Tapas and Moonscapes"". Man 1 whips out a fresh $10 bill and buys a CD]"
Pandemic,Kyle,Gracias.
Pandemic,Woman 1,[walks by and stops to check out the CDs] How cultural. [buys one for herself]
Pandemic,Kyle,This is awesome!
Pandemic,Stan,"Ya see, Craig? [another band starts up nearby and Stan steps forward for a better look. The boys look to their right]"
Pandemic,Cartman,Hey! Heyheyheyheyhey! [leads the other boys to the competing band]
Pandemic,Stan,"Hey, you guys can't play here. We were here first. [the other band ignores them and continues playing]"
Pandemic,Cartman,No trabajar aqui! Vaya! No pleya la musica en la promenade! No es bueno!
Pandemic,Stan,"This is our Peruvian flute band's turf, you got that?! [the other band looks at them for a few seconds, then resumes its music, its members grinning.]"
Pandemic,Kyle,God damn it!
Pandemic,Cartman,No! No es bueno! [grabs the siku and throws it away. The band stops playing. The siku player looks at his empty hands and goes after the siku]
Pandemic,Stan,"Come on, guys. [the boys return to their spot and start playing again, but another band begins to play off to their left]"
Pandemic,Stan,Jesus Christ!
Pandemic,Cartman,"No, no es bueno! No trabajar aqui!"
Pandemic,Scene Description,U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Ladies and gentlemen, our nation and our world is facing an economic and ecological crisis of disastrous proportions. I'm talking of course about Peruvian flute bands. [the audience members begin to talk amongst themselves. Chertoff activates the screen behind him, and a world map appears onscreen.] The red dots indicate where the highest concentrations of Peruvian flute bands are. All over the world, wherever there are tourists or shoppers, there are now, on average, 65 Peruvian flute bands per square kilometer. General?"
Pandemic,Chief aide,"[walks into view before the screen] France, Japan, and the northeastern United States are currently the hardest hit. Make no mistake: [sticks an index finger up] this is a pan flute epidemic."
Pandemic,Senator 1,A pan-demic?
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Three countries in Asia and seven in Europe have already asked for our help in getting rid of their Peruvian flute bands. We will need every resource available to see this through.
Pandemic,Senator 2,"Excuse me, but... aid other countries?"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Senator?
Pandemic,Senator 2,With all due respect we need to be dealing with our own pan flute bands! Let other countries fend for themselves!
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"[starting soft and with rising voice, he leaves the podium and faces the senator] You heartless bastard! This country was founded on beliefs in freedom and integrity! And we will not sit back and do nothing while less fortunate countries are ravaged by Peruvian flute bands! Is that clear?! [the senator collapses back into his seat and begins to cry and Chertoff returns to the podium] As director of Homeland Security, I am taking control of the military until the crisis is contained."
Pandemic,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. The third Peruvian flute band continues to play and a woman stops by. She begins to dance. Some helicopters are heard and one appears over the crowd."
Pandemic,Paratrooper:,"Go, go! [all kinds of law enforcement and military vehicles rush in and surround the mall. Hazmat officers pour out of a Hazmat truck. Inside, the boys now play ""Three Blind Mice"". A woman stops by and buys a CD. The boys hear some commotion and look over: military troops surround the second band and subdue it]"
Pandemic,Cartman,"Ha! [sticks his right middle finger up] Serves you right, assholes! [behind them the third band is subdued]"
Pandemic,Soldier 1,One more over here! [the boys are surrounded and subdued]
Pandemic,Soldier 2,Let's go! Get 'em out!
Pandemic,Soldier 3,"Clear out, move! This is a Homeland Security operation, people, let's go!"
Pandemic,Stan,"Hey, back off!"
Pandemic,Solider 3,"Make sure all pan flute music CDs are contained! [Hazmat officers collect the CDs slowly, gingerly]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Randy is in the living room taking more video of Sharon and Shelly while they sit on the sofa."
Pandemic,Randy,"There's Sharon and Shelly. They're watching some television. Wave to the camera, Shelly. [neither female responds to him] What are you watching, guys?"
Pandemic,Sharon,[irritated] The news.
Pandemic,Randy,[draws even closer to her] Huh?
Pandemic,Sharon,[irritated] We're watching the news.
Pandemic,Randy,"[turns the camera towards the TV] That's the TV in our living room, still showing commercials right now. [moves around to Shelly's side] What do you think about the television, Shelly? [Shelly remains quiet as Randy glances at the TV] Oh, the news is starting! [starts taking video of that]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,CNN Breaking News
Pandemic,Anchorman Tom,"The government efforts to stop the Peruvian flute band crisis are now in their third day. [Times Square in New York is shown, with more bands being arrested] In cities all over the world [a shot of St. Louis] flute bands have been removed and quarantined. [a shot of Seattle] But more may still be out there. Homeland Security's requesting that [a graphic appears that says pretty much the following] if you see a Peruvian flute band, do not approach it. Mark down the flute band's location, and do not, under any circumstances, buy their CDs. [the reporter reappears onscreen] The flute bands that have been contained are being taken to a quarantined area in Miami"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Peruvian Flute Band Internment Camp, brought to you by the Department of Homeland Security, in Miami. More Peruvian bands join the already large crowd of bands there. The boys are among them."
Pandemic,Stan,"Eh-excuse us. Hello? [spots a soldier in one of the watchtowers] Uh excuse me. Sir? Sir, there's been a misunderstanding. Can, can I talk to you for a minute?"
Pandemic,Kyle,"Sir? Sir, can we talk to you for just a second?"
Pandemic,Guard,Get back! I'm not buying any of your damned CDs!
Pandemic,Stan,"No. Sir, there's been a biiig misunderstanding. We actually aren't a Peruvian-"
Pandemic,Guard,"I said I'm not buying any God damned CDs today, you got that?! I'm sick of it!"
Pandemic,A musician,"[walks into view] Señor? Comprar CD la musica? [""Sir? Do you want to buy our music CD?""] ["" [the soldier kills him with a few blasts from his automatic rifle]"
Pandemic,Kenny,"(Jesus Christ, he fucking shot that guy!)"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Peruvian Flute Band Internment Camp, that night. The Peruvian flute bands play, and trashcans have been set ablaze to keep them warm. The camera pans to the boys, who sit around a small campfire moping around"
Pandemic,Craig,"""Hey, Craig. You know that money your grandma gave you for your birthday? How would you like to invest in a Peruvian flute band? You can double your money in one afternoon. Come on, Craig, don't be an asshole."" [some alarms go off for a few seconds, then fall silent as Chertoff appears above the crowd with a blond translator to his left]"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Attention Peruvian flute bands
Pandemic,Translator,Atencione bandas de flauta Perú.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,We appreciate your cooperation and patience.
Pandemic,Translator,Cooperacion y peciencia es apreciado.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Tomorrow you will be boarding ships...
Pandemic,Translator,Mañana sera el embarque de barcos...
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,...which will take you to Guantanamo Bay.
Pandemic,Translator,...que la lleva a viajar Guantanimo.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,There you will spend the rest of your lives.
Pandemic,Translator,Donde pasar el resto de sus vidas. Gracias! [they turn and head inside. The Peruvian flute bands break up behind the boys and head back to their business]
Pandemic,Kyle,Guantanamo Bay?! We can't go to Guantanamo Bay!
Pandemic,Stan,Don't worry you guys. I'm sure our parents are freaking out right now trying to find us.
Pandemic,Scene Description,The Marsh house. Craig's parents are seated on the sofa. Kyle's parents and Sharon are standing.
Pandemic,Sharon,"Please, Mr. and Mrs. Tucker, our boys were last seen hanging out with your son Craig. Do you have any idea where they could've gone?"
Pandemic,Laura,"No, I'm telling you. This isn't like Craig at all. I'm really worried."
Pandemic,Thomas,You've checked with the police?
Pandemic,Gerald,Nobody know anything. It's li-it's like the boys just vanished!
Pandemic,Sharon,"None of the other kids have seen them since a- [notice Randy taping them] Randy, will you put that thing down?! What is wrong with you?! Our son is missing!"
Pandemic,Randy,"Hey, I'm worried about him too, Sharon."
Pandemic,Sharon,Well then stop being an idiot and help!
Pandemic,Thomas,Maybe the boys all ran away. Were any of your boys upset about anything?
Pandemic,Gerald,All we know is they were seen hanging out with Craig and now they're gone.
Pandemic,Sheila,That's exactly why I told Kyle not to hang around that boy.
Pandemic,Laura,What is that supposed to mean?
Pandemic,Sharon,"To be honest, Mrs. Tucker, we think Craig is bad influence on our boys."
Pandemic,Laura,[quiet for a few seconds] Now wait just a minute!
Pandemic,Sharon,I'm just saying that your son has some problems a-
Pandemic,Thomas,Like every kid doesn't have some problems!
Pandemic,Sheila,Obviously Craig has gotten them into some kind of trouble.
Pandemic,Laura,Oh my God
Pandemic,Thomas,This is ridiculous!
Pandemic,Randy,[filming the argument] Ohhh this is good!
Pandemic,Gerlad,That's not ridicul-
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Peruvian Flute Band Internment Camp, day. Michael Chertoff stands among some soldiers and DHS officials"
Pandemic,Soldier 4,"Sir, good news! Looks like we did it. Every major city is reporting zero Peruvian flute bands. We got 'em all! [other soldiers cry out ""All right! We did it!""]"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Calm down people, we still have work to do! We have to take out the place these flute bands came from so they never come again!"
Pandemic,Official 1,"We don't know where they came from, sir. We... we've been researching, but we... can't figure it out."
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Well think about it, idiot! Where else would ""Peruvian"" flute bands come from? [everyone else mulls it over]"
Pandemic,Official 1,Hmm...
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,The country is in the name!
Pandemic,Official 2,"No. Sir, we checked the entire map. There isn't a country called Peruvian anywhere."
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Not Peruvian, retards, Peru! It's right here! [points to the country on a world map]"
Pandemic,Official 3,Peh-roo.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Now I want a plan in place to take out Peru once and for all!
Pandemic,Official 1,"Is that really necessary, sir? It seems a little extreme."
Pandemic,Soldier 2,Yeah.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Peruvian flute bands will never stop annoying us [pounds his right fist onto his left palm] unless they are stopped at the source!
Pandemic,Chief aide,"Sir, you'd better come quick. One of the pan flute bands was caught trying to escape."
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,[grabs Official 2 by his tie] See? [lets go and leaves] God damn it! [they higher officials walk out behind him]
Pandemic,Scene Description,"The interrogation room, moments later. Chertoff and his chief aide are grilling the boys, who are seated in a row behind a table. Two top officials stand out of the way nearby"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,[holds the CD the boys were carrying] The Llama Brothers: Tapas and Moodscapes.
Pandemic,Stan,"This is a mistake, sir, we aren't really a Peruvian flute band."
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Right. You just play pan flute music at the mall and sell CDs of you with a llama, but you're not a Peruvian flute band."
Pandemic,Stan,"We... we- we're just kids, you know? We, we were just trying to make some money."
Pandemic,Kyle,We just wanna go home.
Pandemic,Kenny,"(Sir, please, I'm supposed to get laid for the first time on Saturday.)"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Which tourist location were they playing at?
Pandemic,Chief aide,An outdoor mall in Colorado.
Pandemic,Kyle,"Look, we're from Colorado! We, we grew up in the United States."
Pandemic,Stan,We we speak English!
Pandemic,Cartman,And we're white.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,Let me talk to you guys out here. [takes his chief aide and the two other officials into the observation room and closes the door.] Well what do you think?
Pandemic,Chief aide,"I don't know what to make of it sir. It's like nothing I've ever seen before. Clearly they are a Peruvian flute band and yet they... aren't. They play pan flute music like the others, but they talk and act like ...one of us."
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,I agree. They're obviously some kind of... hybrid.
Pandemic,Official 1,A hybrid? Ah how is that possible?
Pandemic,Chief aide,Perhaps a Peruvian flute band mated with one of our females. Who knows?
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Well however they came to be, they're about the only piece of good luck we've had. [walks to the one-way window]"
Pandemic,Official 1,Sir?
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"If they are the hybrid we're talking about, [puts his left arm up high against the window and presses his head against that] then they could be our way of taking out Peru once and for all."
Pandemic,Scene Description,The interrogation room. The boys wait for the officials to return
Pandemic,Craig,"Do you guys know why nobody else at school likes hanging out with you? [the other boys look at each other] Because you're always doing stuff like this. You're always coming up with some stupid idea to do something, and then it backfires, and then you end up in some foreign country, or in outer space or something. That's why no one likes hanging out with you guys."
Pandemic,Cartman,"You're being extremely negative, Craig. [Chertoff and the others return]"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"[approaches the boys] All right, here's the deal: Maybe you are on our side and maybe you aren't, but if you help us... we'll get you home."
Pandemic,Stan,Help you how?
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,[walks around the table and the boys] You're able to walk amongst the Peruvian flute bands. They see you as one of them. We are going to send you to their Capital.
Pandemic,Craig,"Can we please just go home, sir?"
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"[drops the CD onto the table] We still don't know whose side you're on! You do this, and we'll know! You leave for Peru in the morning."
Pandemic,Kyle,"No! No, I'm not going to Peru! Not Peru! [almost falls apart, but Stan grabs him and holds him in place]"
Pandemic,Stan,"Kyle, calm down."
Pandemic,Kyle,"You know I can't go there, Stan!"
Pandemic,Stan,One of our friends was raped in Peru. It was very traumatic. [the officials look at each other]
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"You don't have a choice! Either you go to Peru, or you get locked up forever with the other flute bands."
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Peruvian Flute Band Internment Camp, Paruvian flute bands are crowded near the fence staring outside with one solder in front of the fence."
Pandemic,Soldier 3,"Thompson, can you come over here? [the translator from earlier walks up to him] The flute band players won't shut up about something and I can't understand them."
Pandemic,Musician 2,"¡Por favor! ¡No podemos ir! ¡Estamos aquí para proteger a ustedes! [""Please! We cannot go! We're here to protect you!""]"
Pandemic,Musician 3,Sí. [Yes.]
Pandemic,Other Musicians,"Sí. No podemos ir. Si, protectores. [""Yes. We can't go. Yes, protectors.""]"
Pandemic,Thompson,"They're saying something like, ""You can't send us away. We are the protectors."""
Pandemic,Soldier 3,Protectors from what?
Pandemic,Musician 2,"¡La muerte peluda! ¡La muerte peluda! [""The furry death! The furry death!""]"
Pandemic,Soldier 3,What does that mean?
Pandemic,Thompson,"I think he said, ""the furry death""?"
Pandemic,Musician 2,"¡La muerte peluda! ¡La muerte peluda! [""The furry death! The furry death!""]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,CNN Breaking News
Pandemic,Announcer,[gruffly] This is CNN.
Pandemic,Anchorman Tom,"The last of the Peruvian flute bands have successfully been eradicated from every part of the world. Paul Harris is at the shopping promenade and Paul, pretty nice not having any Peruvian flute music there, I suspect."
Pandemic,Paul Harris,"Really welcome silence, Tom. There hasn't been a Peruvian pan flute band in sight for days now, and everyone is really enjoying the peace. The world can breathe a collective sigh of relief now as we thank the- [a low moan is heard and a heavy footfall shakes the ground. The camera looks around for the source of the shaking] What the?! [an explosion has the camera focus on the resulting burst of fire]"
Pandemic,Woman 2,[voice only] Oh my Gohhhd!
Pandemic,Woman 3,[voice only] Ohmigod! [a police car flies through the air from the direction of the blast.]
Pandemic,Paul Harris,Jesus Christ! [the police car lands between him and the water fountain upside down. Harris ducks down]
Pandemic,Shopper,AAAAHHH!! [Harris gets up again and looks at the damage]
Pandemic,Paul Harris,"There's, there's something else here, it's... [the camera switches to the police car again] It's not a Peruvian flute band, it's a... Oh my God what is that thing?! [points to the sky, but the camera doesn't follow it]"
Pandemic,Anchorman Tom,"Paul Paul, what do you see?"
Pandemic,Paul Harris,"It's furry! It's very furry! [the transmission flickers, then fades out]"
Pandemic,Anchorman Tom,"Okay obviously something different has uh shown up a-... Did he say ""furry""? [instantly another heavy footfall rattles the CNN newsroom and shorts out several monitors. Reporters and other worker scatter around] Okay uh we're we're experiencing some uh- [a second footfall shuts down the newsroom entirely and tilts the camera one way, but it's still airing. A third footfall tilts the camera in another direction and the roof is peeled back. A shaft of light strikes Tom's head as he looks up into the night] My God what is that thing?! [a fourth footfall tilts the camera down and in still another direction. Tom is lifted into the air...] AAAHHH!! [...and the camera finally stops transmitting, leaving behind an image of static, then nothing.]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,"The sky, night. A military airplane take to the air. Inside, the four boys sit on chairs in one side of the cabin. The pilot peeks in and then walks towards them."
Pandemic,Pilot,"All right, we're about 800 kilometers from Peru. There'll be a truck to take you inside the border where you're briefed on mission specifics. [walks backwards into the cockpit and closes the door. The boys say nothing for a while]"
Pandemic,Craig,"Was there ever a moment when you guys first came up with the genius plan to become a Peruvian flute band that any of you said ""Hey, you know? This plan might backfire."" [no answer] No, that never occurred to you. Because you guys are jerks, and you never learn from your mistakes, and that's why everyone at school thinks you guys are assholes."
Pandemic,Kyle,That's not true. Kids at school like us. Don't they?
Pandemic,Stan,"Yeah dude, kids at school totally like us. Craig is just being a dick because we're having a tough time right now."
Pandemic,Craig,[testing] I'm being a dick?
Pandemic,Stan,[firmly] Yes!
Pandemic,Craig,"You guys took my birthday money, got me arrested and sent to Miami with no way home except to take down the country of Peru, and I'm being a dick?"
Pandemic,Cartman,There's no talking to this guy.
Pandemic,Stan,"All right, fine, Craig. When we get back home we'll get you your money back, and we'll never talk to you again. How's that?"
Pandemic,Craig,That would be great. Thank you.
Pandemic,Kyle,This is wrong. Uh this just doesn't make any sense. Why would Homeland Security send us into Peru?
Pandemic,Kenny,(Because they're trying to take over the world?)
Pandemic,Kyle,"Ah, I don't know, it just feels like... there's got to be something else going on here."
Pandemic,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. Sharon is talking to someone on the phone"
Pandemic,Sharon,"Please, I don't know where else to turn. The police haven't been any help, ugheh, I think our boys might really be in trouble this time. Yes. Yes. Please, check and call me right back. Thank you. [*click*She notices that Randy videotaped the call] Randy I swear to God if you don't put that thing away...!"
Pandemic,Randy,"Sharon, you're gonna be really glad I have all this footage of the family someday."
Pandemic,Sharon,"[the scene continues with Randy's POV] I mean it Randy that's enough!! You don't have to videotape every single-!! [a low moan is heard. She stops and looks around, getting more afraid with each moan]"
Pandemic,Randy,What the hell was that? [a heavy footfall shorts out the house]
Pandemic,Sharon,Oh my God.
Pandemic,Randy,"Something's going on outside! Stay, stay here! [turns around and runs out]"
Pandemic,Shelly,"[coming down the stairs] What's going on, Dad? [Randy wheels around to see her]"
Pandemic,Randy,"Get back to your room, Shelly! [turns around and goes to the front door. He opens it and sees people running all over the street in a panic, He then points his camera at some helicopters overhead]"
Pandemic,Scene Description,On the street. Randy steps out of the house and runs into Mr. Garrison.
Pandemic,Randy,What's going on?
Pandemic,Mr. Garrison,They're all over the place!
Pandemic,Randy,What are?!
Pandemic,Mr. Garrison,"They're really furry! [runs off. Randy joins the others out on the street. He hears someone above him and points the camera to catch a man falling from the sky. A chunk of his body has been bitten off, exposing ribs on the right side]"
Pandemic,Randy,What did that?! [moves his camera off the body and sees more people running. A giant guinea pig appears among the panicked residents] What is that thing?! [someone taps him from behind and he turns around to see who it is. Officer Barbrady appears on camera]
Pandemic,Officer Barbrady,"Mr. Marsh, you have to move! It isn't safe to be here! [a house blows up and Randy starts running, his camera aimed at his feet. He aims his camera forward again and sees people rounding the corner and running his way. Linda Stotch is one of them.]"
Pandemic,Linda,AAAAAAAAH!! [Two heavy footfalls follow and a car flies through the air from left to right. Another giant guinea pig walks along the crossroad towards the mangled car]
Pandemic,Randy,Oh my Gohhhd!
Pandemic,Stephen,"[getting Randy's attention] Go go go go back the other way! [Randy runs back along the street, the camera again aimed at his feet. He stops and aims the camera at himself]"
Pandemic,Randy,"[out of breath] Oho, oh God, oh God, oh God. [pants] Oh God. [pants] I'm [pants] I'm so [pants] Startled."
Pandemic,A Woman,[voice only] Oh my Gohhhd! [Randy stops panting and looks to his left.]
Pandemic,Randy,HAAA! [A growl is heard and all of a sudden his camera goes dark.]
Pandemic,Scene Description,The Department of Homeland Security Headquarters. Michael Chertoff is back in the auditorium looking at the world map.
Pandemic,Chief aide,[entering] Sir? We've got a bigger problem.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,[smiles knowingly] Oh? And what might that be?
Pandemic,Chief aide,New reports are coming in from cities all over the world. Word of massive destruction and death by what ap-pear to be... [Chertoff turns around and smiles at him]
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,[hiding a folder behind his back] Guinea pigs?
Pandemic,Chief aide,[softly] Yes sir. How did you know?
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"You were so close to figuring it all out, Davis, did you know that?"
Pandemic,Davis,Sir?
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"I really thought you had me in Miami, but you just couldn't quite put the pieces together."
Pandemic,Davis,You... You... knew this was going to happen.
Pandemic,Michael Chertoff,"Oh, this is only the beginning, Davis, and I can't let you interfere. [his face becomes monstrous. His tongue shoots out and stabs Davis in the right eye. Davis goes into convulsions for a long time, but finally dies. Chertoff releases his tongue's grip and it goes back into his mouth] Sorry my friend, but I've worked too hard to make all this happen. The pan flute bands are on their way to their deaths, the guinea pigs are rising, and the only person who could have stopped all this... is on his way to the middle of nowhere. [he looks at the folder he had behind his back. Attached to it is a picture... of Craig]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"Some recaps of last week's episode. Randy filming scared residents running by, a cameraman filming a police car being thrown into South Park Mall"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,YOU ARE NOT MEANT TO SEE
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Shelly,"What's going on, Dad? [cut to the fallen man with a chunk of flesh missing from his left side]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Officer Barbrady,"Mr. Marsh you have to move! It isn't- [cut to the power going out at CNN, then to an explosion, then to people running away from something, then the giant guinea pigs appearing, then to Linda Stotch panicking and running, then to a second car flying across an intersection, then to Randy looking into his camera]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,[out of breath] Oh God. [pants] I'm- [pants] I'm so- [pants] Startled. [the camera cuts out on him] ARRRGH!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,PANDEMIC 2THE STARTLING
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"A picture of Craig appears as a Peruvian pan flute version of ""Three Blind Mice"" plays in the background"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"My name is Craig Tucker. Last week was my birthday. [a picture of him, his family, and a grandmother standing behind a cake. Ten candles are on the cake. Balloons are all around and a ""HAPPY BIRTHDAY"" banner is above them] My Grandma gave me a check for a hundred dollars. [a picture of that is shown] I was sooo happy. But then, four kids from school came to my house [a shot of the four boys in Craig's living room] and said I should use my hundred dollars to invest in becoming a Peruvian flute band. [a shot of the newly-formed band, the Llama Brothers] They promised I would double my money in one afternoon. [soldiers swoop in and apprehend them] But the government arrested us along with all the other Peruvian flute bands and took us to an internment camp in Miami. [the camp is shown, followed by the five boys sitting in the interrogation room] We begged to go home, but instead the government told us they were sending us to Peru. [a shot of a DHS cargo plane with the boys sitting on the ground near it.] And so that is now why I'm in Peru. If I die, let it be known that it is because four guys I don't even like from school lied to me and took my birthday money. [he sits on one suitcase, Kenny on another. The whole group is in a mountainous region of Peru]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"We didn't lie, Craig, it was a sweet idea!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,Yeah. How are we supposed to know that pan flute bands would be outlawed?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,I don't get it. They said the military would meet us here.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Gabriel,This is where they told us to land. Can you get through to Washington?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,I'm trying. [...and gets through]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,A Voice,This is Connor in Washington.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"Hey, Connor, the place that Homeland Security told us to start the operation, there, there's nobody here to meet us. It's like they sent us to no man's land."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Connor,Jesus they're everywhere!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,What are everywhere?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Connor,...so furry! They're attacking... every city... ha- people dying... Ha-... guinea pigs... all over! Agh.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,Guinea pigs?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Connor,Can't stop them! Need to get... out... ergh. I just ate... a peanut... Agh peanut now stuck... in throat... Urgh shouldn't eat peanut... when scared. [a few more groans and communication is cut]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,A camera is restarted. Home furnishings are shown
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"I've got the video camera. Got it turned on again. [points it to himself] Okay. This is... Randy Marsh... I'm shooting this video of myself. Twenty minutes ago some... huge creatures attacked our town... Still chaos out the window... [aims it at the living room windows, through which you still see people running around in panic, then aims it at himself again] I barely made it back to the house. Sharon is here with me, [moves the camera just enough to show Sharon] and there's Shelly. [Sharon is protecting her somewhat] Wave to the camera, Shelly."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Randy, will you put down that camera? We need to figure out what to do."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,I don't know what to do. I'm so startled.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,[stands up] We have to see what the news is saying. [walks over to the TV and turns it on. A shot of New York City appears.]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Reporter,[off camera] This is a shot of New York City where the... giant guinea pigs have also attacked.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,Guinea pigs?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Reporter,Reports of attacks are coming in from major cities all over the world.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Jesus, this thing is worldwide? [two giant guinea pigs suddenly come into view. The camera moves to a group of soldiers firing at a third guinea pig.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Look at that thing! Randy, what are we gonna do? [Randy focuses the camera on her. A loud thump is heard, knocking Randy off balance. He regains it and makes sure Sharon and Shelly are fine, then turns to the source of a growl: a giant guinea pig has broken through a wall and is now looking at the family]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my Gohhhd!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Go Randy, run! [Sharon takes Shelly out the front door. Randy follows them]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,Gotta get out!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"The Peruvian jungle high up in the Andes. The group is still in the makeshift landing strip. Cpt. Taylor is still trying to get a connection through the plane's radio, which is next to him outside"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"Michaels, Harrison, anybody? [no response] Nothing. LSAT is down and no answer at RCU. Whatever is going on out there is huge."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"[steps forward] Ah all right, just let me get this straight: the head of Homeland Security ordered you to fly us, five kids, to Peru, but had you land way up in the Andes Mountains of Peru so that other government people could meet us and then... somehow tell us how to go to the capital of Peru, way over in Lima, and take down their government."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"...Yes, that was the order."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,And that makes sense to you?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"Nope, not at all."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Gabriel,"Actually, the whole rounding up of the pan flute bands didn't make sense to any of us either."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"None of what that Homeland Security guy does make sense, so could you just fly us home, please?!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,You don't understand. The plan was to have a refueling truck meet us here. We don't have enough gas to fly any place.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"Oh, that's awesome."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,So we've gotta find another way out of here.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"It's starting to look that way, yeah."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"The Peruvian jungle, later. The two pilots lead the boys through it."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,This is fun. Let's walk for miles through a spooky jungle. It just keeps getting better and better.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"You know what, we're getting pretty sick of your attitude, Craig."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,Nobody likes hanging out with people who complain all the time.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Gabriel,"Look at that: no lights on, nothing. It's like, humans have never been to this part of Peru. [the camera zooms out and at least eight giant burrowing holes appear before them.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"U.S. Department of Homeland Security, strategic room. Chertoff looks at a map as an official briefs him on the current situation"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official,"More guinea pigs seem to be moving in from all directions. We checked on Wikipedia and found out that guinea pigs are from the Andes Mountains, here. [points to the mountains]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,What about the pan flute bands? Are they on their way to Guantanamo Bay?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Official 1,"...Sir, we believe we have bigger problems right now than pan flute bands."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,Have they been loaded onto the boats or not?!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Official 2,No sir. We diverted all the resources away from the pan flute bands to deal with the guinea pigs.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,That was an order! [pounds both fists into the map table.] The pan flute bands were to be put on boats to Guantanamo last night! [pounds both fists into the map table again.] I am still in charge here! I want those pan flute bands on the boats to Guantanamo!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier 4,Yes sir. I don't see why you have to yell at people. [turns around and walks out sobbing]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"South Park, night. Randy's got his camera rolling. Sharon and Shelly stand behind a door so they are not seen from the street."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Hey we're down in... Main Street now and... [a tank rolls by] Wah? Oh, ohh, look at that. [the tank fires a cannon, but the giant guinea pig is unaffected by it.] Ohhh!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"[whispering] Where do we go, Randy?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"We've got to get out of town. Go through that way. [points, and Sharon takes Shelly out the door and to the left. Randy follows them, but something catches his eye: a giant guinea pig is chewing a man's left arm off. The man is trying to get away by holding on to a light post with his right hand.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Man,"Geow, my arm! MY ARM! [the guinea pig pulls him away from the light post and dangles him]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,Oh Jesus!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Randy, run! [the man falls to the ground as the rest of his arm is bitten off. Randy runs]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"[the camera is aimed at his feet again] Okay. We're running now. [aims the camera at Sharon and Shelly before him] There's Sharon and Shelly running. Wave to the camera, Shelly!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Shelly,"[glances back] Dad! [Randy moves the camera around to catch another mauling, then aims it back at Sharon and Shelly]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"[Sound of a explosion is heard. Randy points the camera to it and sees a giant guinea pig which starts moving towards him] Ahhh! [Before them is an empty bus with an open door] In there, in there! [Sharon and Shelly go on up the steps and into the bus. Randy follows them in] Oh God, oh God I'm so startled. Are you startled, Sharon?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Randy, put down that c-! [something big crashes into the bus. Randy gets his bearings and he sees a giant guinea pig outside the bus looking in]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Shelly,It's gonna kill us!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"[soothing her down] Just stay down, Shelly. It can't come in here. [another guinea pig jostles the bus]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Hold on, hold on, I need to get a shot of it from outside. [runs down the aisle and outside]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Randy? Where are you going? [Randy stops a moment and then continues, moving away from the bus. He stops and aims his camera at the bus. Two giant guinea pigs climb up to the roof]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,Here we see a view from outside the bus.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,Randy! [Randy runs back into the bus and towards his girls] What the hell are you doing?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"I got a... really good shot of it, Sharon. [another jostle follows and the camera shuts off again]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,The Peruvian jungle. The pilots and the boys continue walking. Cpt. Gabriel tries to navigate the jungle using a map of Peru
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Gabriel,"I don't know, Lemsky. This entire area of Peru isn't even charted on the maps."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,This whole valley is strange. Just look at the size of that fruit. [they pass by gianr fruit] Ain't that a peach? And how do you like them apples?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Gabriel,Take a look at this! They look like... beehive combs.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,Oh my God.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Dude, what is this place?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"It's like... an unknown valley that time forgot, where everything grows huge."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"That's a shock. I decided to follow you guys, and now I'm in the land of the giants lost world."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"[turns right and walks towards Craig] Craig, it isn't our fault! You make it sound like we always wanna be in situations like this but we don't have any choice!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,Yeah. Stuff just happens.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,Stuff just happens.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,That's right!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,You just wind up being sent by the government to take down the city of Lima only to wind up in the land of the giants lost world.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,That's right.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,You know when stuff happens to most kids? They fall off their bikes. They get in fights with their parents. They get swindled out of their birthday money.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"Look, wherever we are, I think we'd better keep moving."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kenny,"[suddenly points] (Hey, look out!) [some brown saliva lands on Cpt. Gabriel's right shoulder, then he's chomped up, then Cpt. Taylor is chomped up too. One of Cpt. Gabriel's arms falls back to the ground. Boys start running where they came for]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cpt. Taylor,"Ohhh stop it, make it stohhhp!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"Somewhere in South Park, night. Randy starts his camera up again and begins filming"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"All right, all right. Here's Sharon and Shelly on the roof of Best Buy. We, we run up here to get off the streets. We found the Stotch family hiding up here also. There's Chris and Linda, and their son Butters."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Butters,"Hello, heh."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Linda,"What is that? Chris, what is that?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"That's a that's a, that's a new sound. [the sound of bees gets louder and louder as Randy moves his camera around]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stephen,Oh God look!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,Those aren't guinea pigs.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stephen,Get off the roof! [the group quickly heads for the stairs.]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Go! Go go go go go! [the group goes down the stairs and Randy closes the roof door behind him.] Oho, Oh God, we're going down the stairs now. Okay, getting downstairs. [they reach Best Buy's main floor. As they go towards the entrance two televisions on the television aisle show a news report]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,An Anchorman,And we are now getting word of giant bees. The giant bees have been seen in the U.S. and Europe.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,Oh no! Oho oho. [they exit the store]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 1,"Get away, there's bees everywhere! [The group runs across the parking lot with everyone else] There's another one right there! [Randy looks to his right with his camera and a giant guinea bee stands there not doing much.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Oh, my god!! [Another bee appears in front of him, and to his left, a man is on the ground with a giant stinger stuck into his chest.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 2,"It stung me! It stung me! [Randy looks behind now, seeing the Best Buy store and a giant guinea bee. He keeps running.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Whoa, that startled me! That was really startling!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"The Andes jungle. The boys are left to their own devices, so they continue walking"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,Um I think we're just heading deeper into the mountains.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Yeah, maybe we should start heading that way. [points to his left]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kenny,(I think we're fucked!)
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,"Hey, hey, look at this. [points to his right. The other boys look. A small temple is shown with two statues, one on either side of the entrance. The boys approach it]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,What is it?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,I don't know. It's old.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,Let's see what's in there.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"""Let's see what's in there."" That's why you guys get into these situations. Because when you come across a spooky, ancient ruin, you say ""Let's see what's in there."""
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"It might be a way out, Craig!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Yeah, Mr. Complainy Pants! [the boys enter]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,Inside the temple. Stan lights the way with the torch
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,"Whoa, I don't think anyone's been in here for centuries"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kenny,(Yeah. Totally.)
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"You guys, look at this. [the others go to the wall Stan is looking at] It's a wall of ancient drawings. [first drawing is a group of four men playing instruments]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,"Dude, it's a Peruvian flute band."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"I know, a-and look. [second drawing is the flute band playing music, which is driving away two giant guinea pigs]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,Looks like the... pan flute music is driving away giant... guinea pigs?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,"Oh no way! Look! [a flute band is shown behind bars] The pan flute band's put in prison, just like what happened. [the boys look up and to the right]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,And then the guinea pigs killing people. [they look a little lower] And then... [a boy holds a staff against a giant guinea pig]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Dude, it's Craig!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,What?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,That is Craig. [Craig comes forward to look for himself. The other boys back away]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Dude, Craig, what's goin' on?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,I have no idea.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Well do you mind tellin' us what you're doing on an ancient Incan wall, Craig?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,I don't know.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"U.S. Department of Homeland Security, strategic room. Chertoff sits behind the table with his staff and some soldiers looking on"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official,There is now word of huge beehives forming in cities across the U.S. and Canada. Europe and China are reporting deaths by guinea pigs in the tens of thousands.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,And how are the efforts to contain all this going?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Official 3,"[steps forward] It's bad, sir. It seems we have no way of stopping it; we've lost complete control. [Chertoff laughs maniacally]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official,"Uh, sir?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"Ah I'm sorry, I just thought of a funny joke."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Official 1,"Oh, a-hah."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"All right, get the jets ready. I need to get to Machu Picchu."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier:,"Uh, Machu Picchu, sir?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"Yes, I need to be taken to Machu Picchu! Have you lost your hearing?!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Official 1,"But S-sir, what could possibly be at Machu Picchu to help the-"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,Am I in charge or not?! [silences them all]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,Inside a supermarket in South Park. Randy prepares his camera again
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,We're in the [pants] grocery store now. Some of the survivors here uh.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,Can we get out through the highway?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier 5,The highway is unreachable; there's guinea rats all over it.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Mr. Garrison,Guinea rats?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,[almost hyperventilating] I'm so startled.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Mr. Garrison,"What do you mean ""guinea rats""?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier 5,"Look, there are guinea pigs, but there's also guinea bees, guinea rats. I've even seen some guinea spiders out there."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Randy, will you stop doing that?! [Randy continues to film her, then jumps to the next speaker, then the next one...]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stephen,"Look, I, I think we need to find a way out under the city."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Mr. Garrison,In the sewers? Can't be safe down there.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"[walks away with the camera, rather scared] Oh God, what are we gonna dooo?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,A Woman,Oh my God!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 3,Something's inside the store!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 4,Guinea rabbits! They're inside! [facing him is a guinea pig in a blue rabbit outfit]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 5,God they're everywhere!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 6,Help me! [Randy finds out who's screaming for help] Help... me... [it's a man who's practically been bitten in half]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townswoman 1,Travis! No!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,You can't help him!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stephen,There's something over there!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townsman 7,It's a guinea bear!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"No, it's a guinea mouse, stupid! [he lowers the camera as he runs, then raises it again to focus on a woman]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Townswoman 2,Kill me!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"Randy, the storeroom, we've gotta get to the storeroom! [he follows the survivors into the storeroom, and the door closes behind them a few seconds later. There is no light in the room]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Shelly,"Mom, I can't see."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"It's okay, Shelly. Daddy's gonna turn on night vision. [night vision mode is on] There. There. Okay. Gaaah! [the others gasp]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,What what what what?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Nothing, sorry. I just startled myself. Gaaah! [camera out]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"Stan is still guiding the others through the Incan temple, and the sound of running water is soon heard"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Let's head over this way, guys."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,Hear that? It sounds like water.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Yeah, it's coming from up there."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,Wow. [they find themselves in a massive complex full of statues whose mouths or noses serve as waterfall fountains. Several suspension bridges connect the mouth of the statue they're in to the other statues]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Dude, that's awesome."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"All right, let's go. [Craig doesn't move]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,No.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Wait, whattaya mean no?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,I'm not following you guys any more.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Dude, we we have to go check this out."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,Why?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"'Cause just, that, that's just the way it is."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"Every time bad things happen, you guys end up putting yourselves deeper into the middle of it, because ""that's just the way it is."""
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Hey, we aren't the ones on an ancient temple prophecy wall, buttwipe!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,I don't care. I've decided that I'm done. I am choosing not to be a part of this anymore.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,How do you do that?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"It's easy. Watch. [turns around and walks back out the way they came in. He makes his way back to the temple's entrance, and the boys follow him]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"Craig, dude, wait up."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"[Craig leads the boys across the Nazca Plateau] Dude, Craig, we should go back now."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,No.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"[Craig leads them across an open field] Hey look, there's something here."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,...Nope.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"[the boys walk through a thunderstorm] Dude, this is boring. This is just a bunch of walking around."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"Yup, nice and boring. Just the way I like it."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,South Park. Randy turns his camera on again
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"It's been three days now since the guinea pigs and the guinea bees attacked. Guinea rabbits are still everywhere, along with a few guinea panthers. We've taken shelter at the Outback Steakhouse. There's Sharon and Shelly. Say ""hey"" guys."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Shelly,What is that? What is that? [Sharon holds her close]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"I'm gon-, I'm gonna take a look outside! [gets up with his camera and heads outside]"
