Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Yeah!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"No, because it's their history!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Look, I have gone to every quiet protest I could! I have written everyone; I've put up signs! But now I'm telling you [points to the mayor and emphasizes], THIS FLAG WILL BE CHANGED!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,And I'm telling you it WON'T!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"[rolls her eyes] Oh, boy."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The class bell rings and the kids are in their seats. Timmy is now shown with the class."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Okay, children, in Mr. Garrison's absence, I would like to turn the class's attention to current issues. Some people think the South Park flag should be changed, while others believe that changing the flag is wrong. I think this is a perfect subject for your debate club."
Chef Goes Nanners,Class,[Timmy stays quiet] Aaaaah!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"I see that you've already had a lot of interesting debates this year. [points to a chart with three debates on it] Pro-Choice vs. Cartman, Pro-Gun Control vs. Cartman, a-and People Against the Clubbing of Baby Seals vs. Cartman. And apparently, the winner of all your debates so far has been… Cartman."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Thaaat's ri-ight.
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,Cartman doesn't always win! He just gets pissed off and goes home so we can't debate anymore!
Chef Goes Nanners,Class,[including Timmy] Yeah.
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Nah-ah! I'm just a better debater than you guys!
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,You don't even know what you're debating about half the time!
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Yes I do!
Chef Goes Nanners,Craig,No you don't!
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! Well, screw you guys, I'm going home! [rises from his seat, heads for the door, and exits]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,Told ya.
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Alright, children, well, unlike Mr. Garrison, I want you all to go out and research this debate before we pick teams. Tomorrow, you'll need to choose which side of this poignant debate you are on. [the class stares back blankly]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"Jimbo and Ned's lodge, after school. They're sitting on the front porch."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"This is about history, kids. [Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and two others are present] If you don't have respect for your past, then you can never expect to- BIRD! [he and Ned each take a shot at it, and it tumbles away, falling dead into a large pile of dead birds on the road behind the boys] -then you can never expect to have a future. Nowadays, everyone wants to change mascots and flags because they're not [does quotes with his left index and middle finger] ""politically correct."" Well, where does it end? I mean, people are gonna start sayin' that the Denver Broncos are offensive to horses. And then we'll have to- a SQUIRREL! [He and Ned take shots at it, and it falls dead from its branch] And then we'll have to change everything, and pretty soon all our history will be forgotten. But to REALLY understand the South Park's flag's importance, you need to know about South Park's history. Ned here's a big history buff, and he can tell you the whole story. Ned?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Ned,"Nnneh, in 1867, fourteen pioneers from the East Coast traveled across the Plains-"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"Uh that, that's okay, dude, I think we got it."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Yeah, we got it."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,You sure?
Chef Goes Nanners,"Stan, Kyle",Yup.
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"You boys go make me proud now and win that debate- Chris Peterson! [he and Ned fire away, and Chris yells and dodges the bullets, then runs off] God-damnit, we missed him again!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Supermarket, after school. Chef is at the entrance with a petition in his hands. With him are Wendy, Bebe, Clyde, and Butters. Some folks head for the store…"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Sign up to join me, and come marching to the Mayor's office in protest of the South Park flag! [the shoppers brush on by and enter the store, and the doors close] You see that, children?! Nobody wants to get involved! [the doors open and Randy Marsh walks out with a bag of groceries. Chef notices] Randy! Sign up to march with me against the South Park flag on Wednesday?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Randy,"Oh, uuhh, look, Chef, you know I'm-m not a racist, but uh, I just don't really feel strongly one way or another about the flag."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Well, alright, Marsh, you're entitled to your own opinion. [Randy walks away and Chef looks at the kids] That's how it is in this town. I haven't gotten one signature on this damn sheet, and I've been here all day!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"We'll march with you, Chef."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"That's nice, but I need the support of some registered voters. [Mr. Mackey walks out with some groceries. Chef stops him] Ey, Mackey! Sign up to march on Wednesday?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Mackey,"Oo, Wednesday? Uh-Wednesday's tough. I guess- maybe I could do somthin' uh, Thursday afternoon."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Alright, fudge it, Thursday. Anyone else wanna go Thursday?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Principal Victoria,"[arrives] Thursday's no good, we've got choir council."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, yeah."
Chef Goes Nanners,Principal Victoria,What about next Sunday?
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Fine! Next Sunday!
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 1,"You mean, during the ball game?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 2,"Oh, yeah. We can't do Sunday."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Monday??
Chef Goes Nanners,Principal Victoria,"Oh, I can't do Monday."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 3,[arrives] I could do Tuesday.
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, Tuesday morning's good."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 1,You know what would be better for me is Saturday afternoon.
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 2,Saturday is perfect for me.
Chef Goes Nanners,Principal Victoria,Yeah. How about Saturday at 11:30?
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 3,Mm hmm.
Chef Goes Nanners,"Man 2, Woman 2",Yeah.
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 1,Yeah.
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 3,That sounds good.
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 2,Mm hmm.
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, I think that's the best day."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Okay! On Saturday, we march!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 2,"Oh, march? What are we marching for?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,To bring down the South Park Flag!
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 2,…Oh. [the adults begin to disperse]
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 3,"Oohh, I gotta go."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 1,I know what I may like. I don't like marching
Chef Goes Nanners,Woman 2,"Uh, marching's really not for me."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 2,See you later.
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. Mr. Wyland's class. He's at the chalkboard tallying up the votes. There are eight votes on each side of the board: eight on the left for ""FLAG SHOULD CHANGE,"" eight on the right for ""FLAG SHOULD STAY THE SAME"""
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Well I've counted up all your secret ballots, children, and it look like about half of you think the flag should stay, and half think the flag should be changed."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,How could any of you think that flag should stay the way it is?!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Save it for the debate, Wendy. Now I'm going to assign the debate leaders. Who wants to lead the ""Flag Should Stay The Way It Is"" team?"
Chef Goes Nanners,"Stan, Kyle",Me. Me. Me. Me.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[upset] Stan?! How could you be so insensitive?!
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"Whoa, dude, I don't see anything wrong with that flag."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Yeah, me neither."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Alright. Stan and Kyle, [turns and writes on the board] you can both be the team leaders for the ""Flag should stay the way it is"" team. [turns around. Their names are there now] Now, who wants to lead the ""Flag should be changed"" team? [an angry Wendy raises her hand. Cartman looks over at her, then raises his hand and chuckles] Okay, Wendy and Eric can team up. [writes their names on the board]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[mortified] Nooo! [Cartman chuckles some more]
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Alright, children. Do your homework, and let's get ready for a great debate!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, cafeteria. Kids enjoy their meals. Craig enters the kitchen, followed by Stan, Kyle, Butters, and someone else"
Chef Goes Nanners,"Stan, Kyle","Hello, Chef."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[in a foul mood] My name isn't Chef anymore, children. I've converted to Islam."
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,Islam??
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"From now on, my name is [points to his apron] Abdul Mohammed Jabar [points to the rest of his name on a sign held by an Arab assistant] Rauf Kareem Ali. [proceeds with preparing the trays] With everyone in town so insensitive about the flag, I find it no longer fitting to use my slave name!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"Well, we need help with our debate club. We have to explain why we think the flag should not be changed."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,You WHAT?! [plants his fists on the counter while the assistant struggles to keep his half of the name sign in line with Chef's apron] You don't think they should change the flag?!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,Not really.
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"Yeah, we don't see what the big deal is."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[moves to his right and sets the ladle and a pot down] Well, that figures you don't! Because your cracker-ass parents turned you into little cracker-ass cracker-racists! I never thought I'd live to see this many of the people I considered friends turn against me!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"But Chef, we don't know what you're talking about, it's--"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"But nothin'! [picks up the ladle and throws it down] ""But"" my ass! Fix your own damn food! [hurries out, and his assistant quickly follows. Stan and Kyle look at each other, confused]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, school library. Wendy has assembled her team and leads them through preliminary items. In her team are Bebe, Clyde, Butters, Token, Kevin, and three others. Cartman is not there yet."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Okay. Now, in order for us the debate to change the South Park flag, we will need to do a lot of research. Now, my plan is to divide up into three research teams. We will present our arguments based on things that w-"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"[enters] It's okay, I'm here."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[glares at him for a few seconds] Nice of you to show up! We were just discussing how we should state our case.
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"[begins pacing] Yes. This is a difficult case. In order to win the debate, we will need to attack Stan and Kyle's credibility."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[stunned] What??
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"That's how you win these things: attack your opponents' credibility! [starts barking orders] Butters! Take some kids and go dig up whatever dirt you can on Kyle's past. I'm talkin' booby magazines, whatever."
Chef Goes Nanners,Butters,Wwuhuh-o-kay! [hops off his chair. Wendy watches him leave]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"The rest of you, go get the goods on Stan! His mom grounded him once for setting something on fire. Let's find out what that something was, and then lie and say it was a puppy."
Chef Goes Nanners,Clyde,"Right. [the others disperse, leaving Wendy and Cartman facing each other at the round table.]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,[takes out some Cheesy Poofs] Mmmm.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[walks up to him] Cartman, we can't just attack Stan and Kyle's credibility. We need to present our side of the debate."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"You're right. We'll need to look like we prepared a case, too, so that they look all the weaker. Good plan. Sooo, what's the issue again?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,The South Park flag!
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Interesting. Aaand, what side are we on?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,D'aaaaahhh!
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Whoa! Calm down, ho. [eats some poofs]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. A Channel 4 field reporter is on scene. Chef is in the background dressed in a daishiki facing the Hall, with his fist up. Two groups of people are there, one on either side of him. The mayor and her assistants look out over the scene from her office"
Chef Goes Nanners,Reporter,"[""NEWS 4 LIVE!""] Tom, I'm standing out front of the South Park Mayor's Office, where both sides of this debate have gathered."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Change the flag!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,Don't change history!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"Oh brother, what now?!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[background, as the reporter speaks] Change the flag! Change the flag!…"
Chef Goes Nanners,Reporter,"Earlier, the South Park townspeople voiced their opinion."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 4,"[angry] Well, I think the flag is racist! [turns pensive] Huh, but then again, it is part of our history."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 5,"Well, I guess the flag is part of history, …but I can see how it is racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 6,"[flatly, slowly] I think it is history. I think it is racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Reporter,"Well, one things for sure, tensions are high and pressure is mounting on the South Park Mayor to do something."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[background, as the reporter speaks] …Change the flag! Change the flag! Change the flag! Change the flag! [the mayor simply looks down] In the 1960s there was a monk [shows a photo of Thích Quảng Đức in flames] who set himself on fire to protest! You have left me no choice! [lowers the photo] To protest your lack of humanity, I will now do the same thing! [raises a portable gas tank and a lighter, then pours the gasoline on a Tibetan monk and sets him on fire]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Monk,[in flames] Huh! Haaaaaaaaaaaah! [dies]
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,[arriving] White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,Reporter,"[stunned, then speaks] What's this? Uh, Tom, it looks as if the KKK have shown up to express their opinion."
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"[walks up to Jimbo and extends his hand.] Hello, brother. [Jimbo and his group turns to see the Klan] We are here to support your noble cause."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"Huh? Uh hey now, uh. We don't want your support. We're not racists; this is about history."
Chef Goes Nanners,Ned,Yeah.
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Well, whether you want our support or not, we're on your side! [he and the rest of the KKK face right and march away]"
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,"White Power! White Power! [Jimbo and the others watch them leave] White Power! White Power! [they take up positions in front of City Hall, facing Chef. A familiar figure is chanting with them] White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Sheila,"[arrives] Mr. Garrison, you're a Klan member?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"NO, no, [steps out] but Mr. Hat is. [points to the puppet, which is dressed in a Klan robe and bends down a few times as if to say ""hello""]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,[Voicing Mr. Hat] White Power! White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"Ogh! You're such a racist bastard, Mr. Hat."
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Change the flag!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,Don't change history!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"Ooh, Jesus. What a mess."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, Mayor's office, later."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"Chef, we realize that you find the South Park flag racist, and we certainly understand your case. [shot of an angry Chef] We have been diligently working on this problem, put in a lot of hours, and we have finally altered the flag in a way that we think will make you very happy. Gentlemen? [her assistants lift up a flag and carry it to a clear area, then unfurl it for Chef to see] There. Is that better? [It looks the same…]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"No, damnit!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"[points to the black figure] No, but look! He's got a little smile now! [a close-up reveals closed eyes and a smile] See? He's happy. Much better, don't you think? [Chef just rises and walks out. The mayor lumps in her chair] Well, some people just won't work with you at all. This is getting out of hand. How do I absolve myself of an responsibility with this?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Johnson,"Mayor, the-ee South Park Elementary children are discussing the flag issue in their debate club on Friday."
Chef Goes Nanners,Assistant,We… could use the debate as an excuse to hold a vote on the issue.
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"Yes, of course. Let the children be responsible. Everybody loves children. Tell the press. South Park Elementary will be holding a vote on Friday!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, school library. Wendy has three stacks of books to pore over, Cartman is playing with his toys"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"This might come in handy. It says here that recently a case was brought before the South Carolina Court about their flag, and they-"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"I warn you, Bog Monster! Do not mock Captain Candycone![as Bog Monster] O yeah?! How would you like I should kick you in the nuts?!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,If we could show a parallel between the South Carolina case-
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,[as Captain Candycone] Ugh. Oh yeah?! I'll kick you in the nuts![as Bog Monster] Ugh. I'll kick you in the nuts![as Captain Candycone] I'll kick you in the nuts!
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Cartman, why don't you just go home?! You aren't helping any!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,You won't let me help.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"That's because you're stupid, and you're a racist!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"[thinks a moment…] …Touché. But dude, you might as well let me help you. We're in this together. I mean, just… tell me what to do, and I'll do it. [Wendy remains mad at him. He does Bog Monster] Wendih, let Cartman help. Seriouslih. [she averts her gaze, then breaks into a smile] Wendih. Seriouslih. [she chuckles] The Bog Monster speaketh."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park, the offices of Brovlofski and Jackson, Attorneys At Law. Kyle and Stan have assembled their team there. Kenny, Craig and Tweek are there with two others."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Okay. since my dad's a lawyer, he says we can use any of his books we want. [Kenny chows down tablets from a blue bowl before him] Who wants to read them? [no one responds]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"Come on, you guys. We all have to work on this!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Kenny, how many of my dad's mints are you gonna eat? Jesus!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kenny,(Plenty. This is 'cause my family's poor.)
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"I know your family's poor, but you can't just eat an entire bowl of mints for dinner."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kenny,"(Ah, fuck you!) [gives him the finger]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"I don't think we stand a chance in this debate, 'cause Wendy's leading the other side."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Dude, you're just saying that because she's your girlfriend."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kenny,"[burps] (Hey, can I have a drink of water?)"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Yeah, you can have a drink of water. The dispenser's over there. [Kenny hops off and walks to the dispenser]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"Yeah, you must be thirsty after eating 60 mints. [Mr. Broflovski enters]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Gerald,"[stops behind Kenny's chair] Hey, boys, how's the research coming?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Pretty good, I guess."
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,Do you think they should change the flag?
Chef Goes Nanners,Gerald,"Oh, uuhh. I don't know. [picks up the empty bowl]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Kenny ate all the mints, dad."
Chef Goes Nanners,Gerald,"Oh, those weren't mints, those were antacid tablets."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,Oh.
Chef Goes Nanners,"Stan, Kyle",Kenny! [Mr. Broflovski looks in anticipation]
Chef Goes Nanners,Kenny,"[drinks the water, then looks at them] (What?) [the tablets start to fizz] (Oh oooooooOOOOOOOH!) [as his voice rises, his body balloons and foam comes out of all possible orifices. Then he bursts and parts of him fall all over. Some antacid squirts out of somewhere. At the table, body parts and antacid cover some books, parts of the table, and on parts of everyone left. The other students and Mr. Broflovski laugh. Stan and Kyle clap somewhat]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,That was a good one.
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,South Park City Hall. The KKK is still rallying. Mr. Hat keeps Mr. Garrison in place
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,White Power! White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,Do not change the flag! It is a symbol of white power!
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"[now next to the leader] Oohh, I'm sorry, Chef. Mr. Hat is a racist son of a bitch."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,[Voicing Mr. Hat] Don't apologize for me to that spearchucker!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,[shocked] Dugh! [covers his mouth. Chef looks at him an angry disbelief] Ogh. Waaaaah! [runs away]
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,[approaches one group] How can you all just stand by and let these racists do this?!
Chef Goes Nanners,Officer Barbrady,"Well, Chef, it's freedom of speech. We don't like it, but we can't arrest them for talking."
Chef Goes Nanners,Reporter,Should the Klan be allowed to rally on the steps of the Capitol? Here's what some people think.
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 7,"Well, I think they are racist, but I… do think freedom of speech is important."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 8,"Well, I, for one, believe in freedom of speech. …Mmm but then again, I think they are racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Man 9,"Well, I believe that they are racist, but I do believe that all-"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[shoves the man out of the way] Aw, the hell with all of you indecisive bastards!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Reporter,"On Friday, South Park Elementary will present its debate, and after the debate, there will finally be a vote. Preliminary polls show three in favor of changing the flag, three against changing the flag, and 4382 undecided. [Results show on screen in text beside him]Z So the pressure in on those South Park kids!"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Well, that's enough rallying for this afternoon, members. Let's take a hot shower!"
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,Hot shower! Hot shower! Hot shower! [they march away]
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"[to Ned] Ned, nobody's gonna vote for our side if it's the side those KKK members are on. Come on, we gotta put a stop to them."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, school library, night. Wendy and Cartman are both laboring over books. Between them is a tray of Oreo cookies."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"I can't believe it. All the pressure's on us. I mean, this debate is going to actually affect the outcome of the vote."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,[aloof] Uh huh.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Oh man, we've got to come up with rebuttals to the history argument."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Why don't we just talk about the swastika?
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Huh?
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"I mean, Germany was united under the swastika, right? But,… obviously history wasn't as important as changing the views after the war and stuff, so hey changed it."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[mulls over the argument] Hey, that's a pretty good point, Cartman."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Yeah.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Not bad at all. I may make that our first argument. [takes a cookie]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Cool.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Double-stuffed cookies are my favorite. [starts eating]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Really? Mine too. What I really like to do, is I like to take the tops off of two cookies, and then put them together and make ""quadruple stuffs."""
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Hey, that's what I always do, too!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,No way!
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Yeah. Jesus, I never thought I'd have anything in common with you, Cartman."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Me neither. [Romantic music starts to play]
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Aha ha.
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Huh.
Chef Goes Nanners,"Wendy, Cartman","Well, anyway, let's get back to work. [two kids speak in unison]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,Whoa.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Weird, um. Okay. Uh. Now, let's say that first we talk about the history of the flag. [reaches for a cookie] We can show that the- [Cartman's hand rests on hers. Their eyes meet and the music crescendos]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"[withdraws his hand] Ur, s-sorry. [shoves the plate to her a bit] Go ahead."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"No. [shoves the plate back, Music fades.] You go ahead."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park transition music. Mr. Garrison's house, night. The living room. Mr. Garrison enters"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"Mr. Hat, what do you think you're doing?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,[Voices Mr. Hat] There's another Klan rally tonight; I have to be there in 15 minutes.
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"Ooh no, Mr. Hat. You are not dragging to another Klan meeting."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,[Voices Mr. Hat] But they're electing a new assistant to the Grand Dragon. I might get elected.
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"Well, good for you, Puppet Pants! I'll have nothin' to do with it!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,[Voices Mr. Hat] I'm going whether you like it or not!
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Garrison,"Oh yeah?! [sits in his armchair and waits] I'm not going, Mr. Hat, and that's final! [looks away] Let's just see you try and go without me! [looks back again, and his right hand is bare] Mi-Mr. Hat?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park, the woods. The KKK rallies around a burning cross."
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,White Power! White Power! White Power! [Jimbo and Ned rise up out of the brush and look at the rally] White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power! White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"[softly, during the rally] Alright, Ned. We've got to be careful. These are really evil men we're dealing with."
Chef Goes Nanners,Ned,Mmm-okay.
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"Damnit Ned, doesn't that thing have a volume control?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Ned,No.
Chef Goes Nanners,The KKK,White Power! White Power!
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"[walks in and stands in front of the burning cross, raising his arms to quiet the group] Good evening, brothers. Our first order of business tonight is to have Brother Anderson update us on last week's minutes."
Chef Goes Nanners,Brother Anderson,Last week we decided we hate blacks and Jews. A lot!
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Alright. And now it's time for us all to come together, and… do our cake raffle."
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,"[ad lib] Oh, cake raffle. [Jimbo and Ned look at each other]"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"This week's winner is… [reads the ticket] uh, 2 9 7 4."
Chef Goes Nanners,Ticket 2974 Holder,"[jumps for joy] I won, I won. [moves forward] I won the cake! [takes it and returns to his place]"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"God job, brother. [smattering of applause. Jimbo and Ned look on.]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"Happy music plays. A green and flowering meadow under a brilliant orange dawn. A happy Wendy walks in and grabs some flowers, then sniffs them deeply. She then looks behind her to find a topless Cartman sitting on a white steed under a bright yellow sun. Romantic music swells. The steed neighs"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[turns and runs to him] Cartman! [Cartman gets off the steed and runs to Wendy, his hair billowing in the wind]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Ahh! [they run into each other's arms and tumble down, laughing all the while. At the bottom, Wendy's on her back and Cartman is on top of her]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Say it'll be like this forever.
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Okay, It will be like this forever."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Oh, Cartman! [Cartman looks at her, his hair billowing in the wind]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"Wendy's room, night. She rises in bed with a start. That scene in the meadow was a dream"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"AAAAAAaaaah! [pants heavily, then dunks her head in the fish bowl on the little desk next to her bed.] Brrrrr. What's wrong with me? [hops down and heads for the bathroom, flips the lights on, goes to the sink, hops on a stool, and checks out her tongue and eyes, while Russell Crowe poster behind her stares on] Ahhh. It's okay. Get a grip, girl. [hops down and heads for the switch. She's about to turn off the lights when a voice stops her]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman's voice,Wendih. [she looks at the Russell Crowe poster next to the switch] Wendih. [Rusell's face stretches into one of Cartman]
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[shocked at the hallucination] Aaaah!
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman's voice,"[the face reverts to Russell's as the voice fades] Wendih, look at me."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[turns around, looks up, then sits down with her face in her hands] Oh God, please don't let this be happening."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park, the woods, deep in the night."
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Alright brothers, listen up! [two more members looking suspiciously familiar show up, and the leader starts to pace back and forth] As you know, this fine city is holding a vote on whether or not to change their flag. But lynching minorities is history! So what are we gonna do about it?!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Member 1,"Let's say that if they change the flag, we'll burn down the Capitol!"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,Yeah!
Chef Goes Nanners,Member 2,"Let's say that if they change the flag, we'll never leave this town!"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,Yeah!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,[in KKK disguise] Let's say they should change the flag!
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,Yeah! [turn to see the new member] Wah?
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Uh what's that, brother?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,I think we should switch sides!
Chef Goes Nanners,Ned,Me too. Nnn-that's a good idea.
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"Look, we have to accept the fact that most people in the world hate us, right?"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,"[rolling reaction] Yeah, m-hm."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"So, whatever side we're on is the side that's gonna lose, right?"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,"[rolling reaction] Right, yeah."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"So why don't we all say that we want the flag changed. That way, most folks'll vote to keep it the way it is."
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"That's a great idea, brother!"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,"[jubilant, jumping] Yeah!"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Alright, it is decided! We will officially tell everyone that we want the flag changed, so that they will all vote against us!"
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,"[ad lib] Hooray, yeah! [the two new members leave]"
Chef Goes Nanners,A Member,We're smart! [the two members head into the brush]
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"[both members take off their hoods] That worked perfectly, Ned."
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Leader,"Well alright, now that that's out of the way, it is time to play, ""Whose got the silliest thing on under their robe?"""
Chef Goes Nanners,KKK Members,"[ad lib] Yeah, woohoo! [a member walks up to an organ and sits. He begins to play ""If You're Happy And You Know It…"" The rest form two lines and clap.]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,The contest. The first member walks down the middle and shows off his boxers with a heart design. The second comes in and shows off his lederhosen. The third comes in and shows off bikini briefs and garters. The fourth comes in and shows off a yellow bird costume.
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"[Watching from the bushes with their hoods now off]Jesus, Ned, these guys are completely nuts."
Chef Goes Nanners,Ned,Mm-yup.
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"the fifth member comes in and shows off his hand-walking skills, and the sixth one shows off his penis… Jimbo and Ned walk away from the scene"
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"[stops] That is the most insane thing I've ever seen. I can't believe those people are on our side. I mean, is our side that crazy? [some headlights pass over them and they shield their eyes. A station wagon rolls up with Chef behind the wheel. Jimbo waves hello.] Oh, hello, Chef. Big debate tomorrow, I guess. [Chef glowers at them for a few seconds. Dramatic music plays.] Oh, Jesus, the robes! Chef, this isn't what it looks like. You've gotta listen to us!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,I ain't gonna listen to nothin'! This whole cracker-ass town can kiss my ass! [peels off. Mud flies behind the Town & Country and splatters Jimbo and Ned]
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"Ned, I'm starting to think that maybe history ain't worth defendin' sometimes."
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"Scene-change music. Wendy's house, morning, before school. Living room"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[leads Bebe in] Thanks for coming over, Bebe. I have something to tell you."
Chef Goes Nanners,Bebe,"Sure, what?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Bebe, I'm attracted to Cartman."
Chef Goes Nanners,Bebe,[shrieks and covers her ears] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[ashamed] I know.
Chef Goes Nanners,Bebe,Why would you tell me this? Why would you tell anyone this?
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Because I don't know what to do. I can't concentrate, and if I can't concentrate, then I can't win the debate tomorrow. The whole vote is dependent on me doing a good job-"
Chef Goes Nanners,Bebe,"Alright, look. When two people work closely for a long time, sometimes they feel what's called, ""sexual tension."" Sometimes you just have to act on impulse and get it over with."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"You mean, I should kiss him? [looks away embarrassed]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Bebe,Kiss him and get it out of your system.
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,[dreading] Oh God.
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the gym. Mr. Wyland is shown behind a podium, and the South Park flag hangs from some rafters behind him. Two tables are set up, one for each side of the debate. Behind the ""FLAG SHOULD STAY THE SAME"" table are Stan, Kyle, and two other boys. Behind the ""FLAG SHOULD CHANGE"" table are Wendy, Cartman, Token, and Butters."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Well I certainly would like to thank all the parents for their support of our debate club. [the bleachers are shown. The mayor, Chef, Jimbo and Ned, and others are present] I r-realize that many of you are torn by the issues as well, so, perhaps the children can shed some light on us. We'll start with Wendy Testaburger on the ""Flag Should Be Changed"" team. [Wendy hops off her seat, then looks at Cartman and strokes her chin, then steps up to look at the audience. She looks again at Cartman. He's been watching her all the while, wondering where this is all headed]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[Piano music implying a pending dramatic moment approaches. Wendy looks at the audience] The- [looks at Cartman] the- uh, [clears her throat] aheh ahum, [looks at Cartman] the… the- uh, [closes her eyes and pushes her hands out as if to push away the feelings swirling within] Ahhhhh, [exhales softly, then sighs] The first argument we- [her eyes snap back to Cartman, who's still watching her. Stan and Kyle watch as well] ah… [resets] Let me start over. [looks at Stan] The uh- [loses her rudder] oh God. Could you all excuse me for a moment? [steps down and kisses a surprised Cartman full on the lips while she makes high pitched, humming sounds] Mmmmmummmmeeemmeeemeeemmee..."
Chef Goes Nanners,People in Audience,[ad lib] Oh. [Stan's jaw drops]
Chef Goes Nanners,Really Shocked Man,"[off camera] Oh, God! [Butters' and Token's jaws drop. So does Chef's. Wendy finally releases the pucker, sighs in happy relief, and goes back to the podium]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[confident now] There. Now, the main point we would like to make is oftentimes it is prudent to change history. As times change we hope to grow, and as we grow our rules must change. It is a natural part of evolution. Thank you. [steps down as people clap. Stan is still in shock that Wendy kissed Cartman. She sits down, Cartman looks at her, then places his hands behind his head in a supreme air of confidence and looks away]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Okay, and Kyle and Stan's team, your main point? [Kyle moves to the podium while Stan remains stunned]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Our main point is that the flag shouldn't offend anyone, because killing has been around since the beginning of time. All animals kill. [an astonished Stan looks as Cartman puts his right hand on the back of Wendy's chair and points at her with his left, winks, then does a victory hand dance. A smiling Wendy remains oblivious to this showing off] And the animals that don't kill are stupid ones, like cows and turtles and stuff. So people should not be so upset about killing. [returns to his seat amid a smattering of applause]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,[stands up] Whoa whoa whooaa! You just missed the point entirely!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,Huh?
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"I'm not mad because the flag shows somebody gettin' killed, It's because it's racist!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle's Team,[minus Stan who's mouth is still hanging open as he stares at Wendy] Racist??
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Children, don't you even know what this argument is about?! That flag is racist because a black man is being hung by white people."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle's Team,[minus Stan still shocked] Ooooooohhh.
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Ooooooohhh?!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,W-we really didn't see it that way.
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,But that's a black man up there!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Y-yeah, but… the color of someone's skin doesn't matter."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Well of course it matters when- [catches himself] …Oh my God. Wait a minute. You children didn't even see the flag as a black man being hanged by white people, did you?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle's Team,[except stunned Stan] No.
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[deducing, marveling] Why, that is- that is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,What?
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,What?
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Don't you see? All this time I thought these little crackers had turned racist, when actually they were so not racist that they didn't even make a separation of black and white to begin with. All they saw when they looked at that flag was five people."
Chef Goes Nanners,A Few People,Awww.
Chef Goes Nanners,Some KKK members,Awww.
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Yeah. [Cartman is still showing off, Wendy remains oblivious, Stan remains shocked]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"I'm sorry, children. I was wrong about you. But I still the flag needs to be changed. But now I realize that I almost let racism turn me into a racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"Yeah. You know, uh I suddenly found myself on the side of Klan members. I've never had anything against blacks, Chef."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Oh, I know you don't, Jimbo. I've known you for almost ten years. You're a good man."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"We've been way too divisive over this, Chef. Maybe we can come up with a- compromise flag—something that everybody can be happy with."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,I think that's a much better start than me tryin' to separate myself from all you wonderful crackers.
Chef Goes Nanners,Audience Members,"[relieved, ad lib] Ooh, huhuh. Oooh [Stan's astonished gaze was fixed on Cartman and Wendy all that time while Cartman continued his happy hand dance.]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Oh. Sweet, dude. I don't think we have to do this stupid debate now. [waves his hand in front of Stan to get his attention] Stan?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. The Mayor has called a town meeting at City Hall and now stands at her podium with the town gathered before her. Something hangs above her covered by a brown curtain"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"This has been an interesting week in South Park. We've all done a lot of growing this week. [shot of the crowd, some of them smiling] Everyone was afraid to take a stand on this issue. But now we have learned once again that black, white, yellow, brown, or whatever, we are all just people. And so, I am very excited to unveil our new South Park Flag! [The curtain falls away to reveal the same flag, only with the five people, including the hanged man, holding hands. The crowd cheers. From left to right: a white man, a yellow man, the hanged black man, a red man, and another black man]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"[recovered, looks at the flag] Wait, I don't get it."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"No, see? There's people of all colors. And they added a black guy as one of the hangers, too, so it's not racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Hooray!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"I have to admit it, that is a lot nicer."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Phew. I'm sure glad that's over with. [the applause begins to die down]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Me, too!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[applause stops, background music plays] I can't believe how right Bebe was about feeling under pressure with somebody. As soon as it was over, all my feelings for you just vanished."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"[fronting] Oh, huh. Yeah. Yeah, totally huh."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,I'm totally back to normal. See you later. [the crowd disperses behind her as she pats Cartman's shoulder]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Yeah. See you later, heh. Ho, [finger points at her] huhuh, he, haha."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Hahaha. [looks off to her right] Stan. Stan, wait up! [hurries away to catch up to him. Cartman looks at her, then away, then at her long, then away, than at her quick one last time, then looks down and sighs. He turns to his left and walks away, dejected]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,A large city at night. Klieg lights pierce through the air as a large crowd gathers in front of a large building.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Announcer,"Tonight, Stellar Productions presents the boy band of the decade! [women scream, jump, and shout. Signs reading ""FINGERBANG RULES,"" ""FINGER BANG,"" ""WE LOVE FINGER BANG,"" AND ""FINGER BANG 4EVER"" bob throughout the audience] It's Fingerbang, live from Madison Square Gardens! [the interior is shown, with cheering crowds. A heralding sound effect plays, and spotlights flicker around the stage. A burst of fireworks cues the music and the familiar silhouettes of four boys are shown on stage. A few women faint]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"[the lights go on them, and it's the boys, dressed in white outfits. Their hats are all white, too. A green shirt indicates Kyle, a blue one Stan. Kenny wears an orange visor over his white hood. All wear headsets] Fingerbang! [they each spin towards the audience once, then stop] Bang-bang! Fingerbang-bang! [they spin back to their first positions] Bangbangbang! [all step forward and do their routine] I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright 'Cause I'm the king of fingerbang; let's not fight I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you ever-y night"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[steps forward for a solo bridge as the others sway back and forth] And girl, you know that you're the only girl for me, girl Girl, you're the girl of my fantasy You're my girl, you're my girl"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,"[as Cartman sings] Cartman, I want youuu!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[continues] My... girrrrrrrl... [lifts up his shirt to show off the right breast—um, pec. The others turn to their right while maintaining their gaze and pointing their gun fingers at the audience. The music builds as women scream at the sight]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"[Cartman rejoins the others and all point their gun fingers at the audience, then resume the routine] Fingerbang! Bang... Bang bang bang Fingerbang-bang! Bangbangbang! I'm gonna fingerbang-bang--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's tossing and turning joyfully in his sleep. The song continues playing in his mind: ""--you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright"""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yes! Yes! I'm a star! I'm a star! I'm-- [wakes up, then looks angry] Aaawww, I'm nobody! God-dammit! [suddenly thinks] Wait a minute. Maybe that was a sign from God. That's it, isn't it? You want me to start a boy band so I can make $10 million, don't you? That's it! [rushes out of bed]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, day. Cartman has Stan, Kyle, and Kenny over in the living room."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[pacing back and forth] Gentlemen, thank you for coming. This is the beginning of a great time in our lives. [stops and faces them] God has finally spoken to me, you guys. And he has told me how I can make $10 million."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,...How?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Boy band.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Boy band?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Boy band.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,I'm not being in any [crosses his arms over his chest] faggy boy band!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"There's nothing faggy about $10 million, asshole! This was a message from God!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dude, we don't have any musical talent."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"That didn't stop any of the other boy bands, dumbass! [pulls out a tape from his back pocket] I've got prerecorded music we can sing to, just like they do. All we need to do is practice our choreography over and over and over!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,(That sounds totally fuckin' stupid.)
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Shut up, Kenny. And then, I know I can get us a gig at the South Park Mall. [intense] So everybody get in a straight line, we're gonna listen to a song from the top, and take it--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Wait a minute. There's only four of us.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,So?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"So, all boy bands have five members."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,What?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"'N Sync, Backstreet Boys, New Kids on the Block. All had five members."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,He's right.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[throws down the tape] Dammit! Okay, okay okayokayokay. We'll put off practice for now, and hold auditions for a fifth member. Get the word out that auditions will be tomorrow morning!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, night. The family is gathered for dinner, enjoying ham and turkey"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Did you have fun at Eric's house today, Stanley?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well, I guess."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,What did you do?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well, Cartman wants to start a boy band, so we're gonna rehearse and then try to perform at the South Park Mall. [Randy reacts, and Shelly takes notice]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Oh well, that sounds nice."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[to Sharon, angrily] No, it does NOT sound nice! [to Stan] Stanley, you are gonna have no part in that boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well but, Dad, all my friends are doing it."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[rises] If all your friends jumped off a cliff, [jabs his finger at Stan] would you do that too?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,[voice shaking] Cartman says we can make $10 million.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"You are not gonna be in a boy band, Stanley! AND THAT IS FINAL! [storms out]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Shelly,"Geez, what's up Dad's ass?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, next morning, ""BOY BAND AUDITIONS TODAY!!"" Music begins. Inside, Butters is singing his song in front of the sofa"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Butters,"[holds two fingers on his right hand up to indicate a hopping bunny] Little Bunny Foo-Foo hoppin' through the forest [scoops up imaginary mice, makes two fists, and bops the right one with the left] Scoopin' up the field mice and boppin' 'em on the head [shimmies down with hands outstretched. The auditors look half-asleep] Down came a white angel and she said [the angel (left finger) reprimands the bunny] ""Little Bunny Foo-Foo, I don't wanna see you [the piano player seems familiar. The angle bops the bunny] Scoopin' up the field mice and boppin' 'em on the head"" So now I'm gonna turn you into a worm, mbuh, mBunny Foo-Foo... Eh, beh-POOF [slaps his right hand with his left, and one finger goes down, leaving a worm] Little Wormy Foo-Foo crawlin' through the forest Gettin scooped up by the field mice who mah-m then they bopped 'im on the head [grins, then does a little kick forward]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] Eheh, thank you Butters. We'll let you know."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Butters,"Ah, I can do it again."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] We'll let you know, Butters."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Butters,"Ahah-oo well, alright then. [walks off to his left, unsure]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Pffft! Oh my God, his intonation was so off!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,It was?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dude, I don't think I could sing any better than that."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Guys, if we're gonna impress the mall owner and get that gig, we'd better do it better than that. [into the mic] Next!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"[reads from a list] Uhhh, next is Ike Broflovski."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Kyle's brother?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,I promised my mom I'd let him try. [Ike hops in with some sheet music]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Christ's sake..!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Schroeder,What key?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"[hands him the sheet] G. [hops back to the sofa as the kid plays] Itsy bitsy spider, out the water spout--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[through the mic] Next!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"Oh Danny Boy, the parson's callingClang, clang and clang"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[through the mic] Next audition!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"E F G, H I J K L-M-N-O-P"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] Goddammit, NEXT!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"One on a teacher on a palm tree""G-U-B, When the teacher wanna punch me"""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] Not the next song, the next PERSON! [Ike goes for his sheet music, then returns to flip Cartman off.] Aw, man, this is gonna be a long-ass day. [the front door opens and in walks Wendy with her sheet music. She walks to the piano player, gives it to him--] Oh no! Nononononono! Sorry, Wendy, this tryout's for a boy band! [a grinning Wendy suddenly frowns and her head hangs.]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Aw, come on, dude. Let her try."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[moves the mic away] No way!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Come on, Cartman! You haven't liked anybody else!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Okayokay, fine. Wow me."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Wendy,"[cues the player] Miiis-suuus Landers was a health nut; She cooked food in a wok Mr. Harris was her boyfriend, and he had a great big- Cock-a-doodle-doodle, the rooster just won't quit And I don't want my breakfast, because it tastes like- Shih tzus make good house pets; They're cuddly and sweet Monkeys aren't good to have, because they like to beat their- Meeting in the office or meeting in the hall, The boss, he wants to see you so you can suck his Balzac was a writer, he lived with Allen Funt Mrs. Roberts didn't like him, but that's 'cause she's a- Contaminated water can really make you sick Your bladder gets infected, and blood comes out your- Dictate what I'm saying, 'cause it will bring you luck And if you all don't like it, I don't give a flying fuck! [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny applaud]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Thanks, Wendy. Don't call us. We won't call you either, heheh. [Wendy is angered]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, what are you talkin' about? That was awesome!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Dude, she's a chick!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Come on, nobody's gonna notice."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"""Nobody's gonna notice""?! What about her huge freakin' hooters, huh?! [Wendy looks down at her chest]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,She's the best chance we have! I say she's in.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Me too.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,(Me too.)
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, this is a democratic boy band, is it? Alright, fine! She's in until she screws up!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Wendy,[exults] Yeah!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, next morning, early. A rooster crows. Cartman has his band in his room, and they are still drowsy. Stan is about to fall over..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Okaaay! You guys all ready to rehearse?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Cartman, it's six in the morning. Do we have to rehearse this early?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"We have to rehearse all that we can! [moves away] Now, check this out: [returns with a box of clothes and sets it on the floor] My mom made us costumes!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Costumes? [the band gathers around the box]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yeah. [starts handing out the costumes] This one's yours, Stan. This one is Kyle's. This one will cover up Wendy's hooters... [she looks a little embarrassed]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Hey, Cartman, how come your costume has like, nose rings and facial hair?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"'Cause I'm like, you know, the tough one. Every boy band has to have the one member that, you know, is tough."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,[dryly] I wanna be the tough one.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[looks back blankly] ...Kyle, you are the sweet one. Will you please just cooperate and not--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,[determined] I wanna be the tough one!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,You can't be the tough one because you're Jewish!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Jews are tough!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Since when?!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Since Abraham, fatass!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright, fine! Here! [tosses the tough costume at Kyle, knocking him down] Jesus Christ, I wonder if every boy band has to go through this! [moves away. The band dresses. Kenny is a baseball player, Stan is a fighter pilot, Cartman is an Elvis impersonator, Kyle is a tough dude with nose ring and Fu Manchu mustache]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Hey, Cartman, what does ""fingerbang"" mean, anyways?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I heard it on HBO. It means, like, you know, when you... [waves his finger around] pretend to use your finger like a gun or something."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,"[chuckling] (Hm hm, noho, that's not what it means.)"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Kenny says that's not what it means.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[testy] Okay, Kenny, what does ""fingerbang"" mean, then?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,"(It's when you take your finger, and you stick it in a vagina and you stick it in again and again.)"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"...What?! Who the hell would do that?! Jesus Christ! Grow up Kenny, would you?! Alright, boys, let's do it from the top. 1, 2, 3, 4!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. South Park is not so small anymore. Two guards on the second floor relax against a glass railing"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"[with a drawl] Now, I know that this is your first day on the job of mall security, rookie. Keepin' the law in a mall is just like any tough city, and especially because they don't let us have guns. It can be very dangerous."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[leading the band members through the mall] Alright, guys. Let's do it like we rehearsed! We need energy! We need to be up!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"[blocking the way to Mall Management] Excuse me, just where do you think you're goin'?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,We're goin' to see the mall manager.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,Do you have the proper clearance?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"[to Kyle] Uh oh, mall cops."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"You have to make an appointment first. Now move along, sir."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[pleading] But we practiced for days. All we want to do is show the guy what we can do, [the veteran guard pulls out a small bottle of pepper spray and shakes it up] so that maybe we'll have a chance to perform in the plaza of the-- [the veteran guard sprays his face all over] Aagh! Aagh! Ooww! Ow! Oh! God-dammit..! [squeezes his eyes shut and rubs them]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, God, I can't see! [rubs his eyes]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, sir. Or I'll do it again. [Cartman walks off and the others join him. Stan retrieves the boom box. Then] You see, you put your life on the line every day."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well, I guess we can't get in to see the mall manager."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[coughs a few times] The hell we can't! I'm not lettin' no washed-up law cops ruin my divine quest! Come on! [all join him down the mall]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The two guards are watching shoppers move along. A blond man with two bags walks by."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,Ey! [the man turns to look at him] What are you doin'?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,Nothin'. Just... shopping.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, sir. [the man leaves and the veteran looks at the rookie] You see, sometimes you gotta just do that. Keeps shoppers on their toes — try it. [the rookie gets determined and a woman and girl walk by]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Rookie guard,Ey! [they turn to look at him] What are you doin'?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,Nothing. Why?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Rookie guard,"Move along, ma'am. [she leaves looking angry]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,That's what being a mall cop is all about. Hyeuup.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Rookie guard,Cool.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[over the PA system] Attention mall shoppers: the next twenty people to buy an orange smoothie will also receive a complimentary Nissan Sentra. Hurry up. [crowds rush off to get their Nissans]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Jesus, they're gonna start a riot! [both cops follow the crowd while Cartman and friends return to the mall manager's office]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright, guys, here we go. [enters the office with the others] Hello, sir!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[a harried man who's speech is nearly emotionless with odd exclamations] What? Hey. Who are you? [the office is a bit unkempt. Stacks of paper here and there, hanging out of cabinet drawers, scraps on the floor and desk...]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,We... are Fingerbang!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,O-o-oh. What? How'd you get in here? Hey.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,We would like to audition for you for a gig in the central plaza of your fine mall.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,What? O-oh. You wanna play at the mall? Like Tiffany?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Sort of like Tiffany, yes. Can we audition?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Oh. Well, I guess. ...What?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright! Let's do it, boys! [moves aside and sets the boom box down, then sets the tape to play. He returns to the group, and they begin. All of them are all off-key, They all sing too ahead of the music and Wendy's voice is squeaky and lags behind the others...]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright I'm goin' to fingerbang-bang you ever-y night"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[goes into his solo, and back into his dream] And girl you know you're cool, you're good, you're so much nicer, girl You're good, You're gonna be--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[cuts him off] Alright, that's enough!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"--you're my fantasy, you fanta--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Thank you.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[backs up into the band] Well, so can we play here?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,What?? ...No.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,No??
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Who?? No!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Why not?!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Well uh, uh, oh... Right now there's a cheese and sausage cart in the plaza. And I would uh, I'd hate to have to move it off to the side for a while. What?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"You don't think we're any good, do you?!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"No. I mean, you're just not as good as sausage and cheese."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Well, come on guys. We gave it our best. [goes to get his boom box]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Wow. That was your best? [Cartman flashes an angry look at him, then walks off in a huff.]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The five are sitting on a bench on the first floor"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Wow. I feel so rejected.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,There you are! You're the hoodlums who got on the intercom and started an orange smoothie riot!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Uh-oh.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,I will now read you your mall rights! You have the right to shop at a variety of malls in all--
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Run for it! [the five bolt and rush out of there]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Go get 'em, rookie! [gives the rookie a stern look; the rookie just looks back]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later. Shelly's eating cereal, Sharon is at the sink. Randy enters"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Where is Stan?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Oh, he's over at Eric's house practicing for his boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,What?! I specifically told him not to do that!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Now, Randy, calm down. It's just a silly little dream. They're not gonna actually make it."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"And what if they do make it, Sharon? What if they do make it? Are you gonna be the one to tell 'im?! [turns around and walks out]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Shelly,"Mom, what's up Dad's ass?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"It's a long story, Shelly. Let's just say your father... has a lot up his ass right now."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,Chef's house. Cartman arrives and rings the bell
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"[opens the door and appears in a towel around his waist] Oh! Oh-h, hello Eric."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[eyes downcast] Problem, Chef. I have m-many problems."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"Wellll, if you uhhh, come back in just a little bit, Eric, I'll see if I can help you out. [a blonde woman comes up behind Chef]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,I just don't know what I'm gonna do. [lets himself in] Sometimes I wonder if God isn't toying with me. [goes to the sofa and pulls out some Cheesy Poofs to eat]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"[sits next to Cartman] Alright, Eric, what's the matter?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Chef, God told me I was to start a boy band and make $10 million. The problem is, it isn't working. I mean, [with feeling] I feel the music burning inside me. But I just can't express it right, you know? [the woman sits on Chef's left side and strokes his arm]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"Well, Eric, I, I think you were just focusin' in on the wrong thing. Boy bands aren't about music, boy bands are created by corporations to make money. They're all based on the Gomlich effect."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,What's the Gomlich effect?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"The law of physics that states, ""If one girl screams for something, it will make other girls scream. And then, it grows exponentiously until all girls within a five-mile radius are screaming."""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,So how do boy bands use that?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"All they do is make videos, showing tons and tons of girls screaming for the boy band. Once you get girls screaming, you can't stop 'em. They're crazy! [the blonde gets cross and scoots away; Chef quickly makes amends] Uh-uh, except for Lilian, of course. [she goes sweet on him again]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Thanks!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"You're welcome. Now, go away!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Okay. [Chef watches as Cartman drops down and heads for the front door, exits...]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,A-and a cucumber in the pants never hurt either!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[outside] Cucumber in the pants. Got it. [and closes the door]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, day. Nine kids are there: the five band members and the four other girls in class. Cartman is talking to Bebe, Red, Annie, and Milly. He seems to have taken Chef's advice..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright, everybody, listen up! This is how this first shot is gonna work: The girls are standing here, and then the members of the band walk by looking cool. When you see us, you girls all scream like, ""Oh my God, it's Fingerbang! Oh my God!"" Okay?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,"Are we gonna get paid now, or after?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I'll pay you afterwards. Promise. Okay, Timmy, roll camera. [Timmy sits in the cameraman's chair]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,Tiimmmaaayyy! [Cartman inches his way to the group sideways]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, what's wrong with your leg?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Huh? Oh, Chef says to put a cucumber down my pants for good luck. [the band walks across the ground in front of the girls]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Girls,[ad lib] Ahhh. Wow. Woohoo. Yay.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Waitwaitwaitwait, cut!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,Huhaaaaah!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Let's go crazier than that! I mean, you have to act like it's freakin' Leonardo DiCaprio!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,We wouldn't give a rat's ass if Leonardo DiCaprio came walking past us.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,"Other Girls (Red, Annie, and Milly)",Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Fine! Who would you go crazy for?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Girls,...Matt Lauer.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"...Okay, fine! Pretend that we're Matt Lauer."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,Oh... Okay. [Cartman positions himself in front of them]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Roll camera!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,Timmuh! [the band tries again]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Girls,"AAAGGGGHHH! [the band scatters away from the screaming. Cartman falls, then gets up]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Jesus Christ!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, later. The band is still shooting the video. Bebe and Red hug Cartman tightly."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,Fingerbang-bang you ever-y night
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Aaand cut! [music stops] Alright, our video's complete. Through the grace of God I can now go back to that mall manager and show him what we've got!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,"Okay, so where's our money?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh uh, Kyle has it. [the girls move to Kyle. Cartman walks away]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[arrives] Stanley, what the hell are you doing?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,We are making a music video.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,You get in the truck right now! [points at it]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, I was just a--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,[pointing] Get in the truck! [Stan walks to the truck dejected]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"The road, the Marsh truck. Randy drives Stan home."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, I did all my chores. Why can't I play with my friends?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Stanley, it's just that there's better things you could be doing on a Saturday than singing and dancing. You could be watching TV or, laying in bed."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, I like being in a boy band. I think it's interesting."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Well, there's plenty of other interesting you can do. Have you ever tried marijuana?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,No.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Well, maybe it's time."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Dad!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, late morning. The guards relax on the second floor railings. A stooped man with a clear vessel filled with a green substance walks past them"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,Ey! What are you doin'?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Madman,I've got a new strain of anthrax that I will soon unleash upon all of North America!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, sir."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Madman,Wuh? [walks away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Attention, shoppers: There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. [crowds of mall shoppers head for the orange smoothie machine]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,God dammit! [he and the rookie give chase]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[enters the manager's office] Hello again!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,What? Oh. It's you. I don't like you.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,I know you didn't love our audition. But now we have a video.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Oh. What?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[retrieves a TV cart with VCR and pops the VCR in. The video pops up] If you would, sir, just watch this and prepare to be wowed! [at first, only the boys' hats are seen, near the play elephants. The camera spins right, then down, and the girls' feet are seen. The camera spins up and left, and finally rests on Timmy]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,"Timmiihh! [The camera turns left again and catches a glimpse of the girls, then ends up on Cartman, and zooms in on the cucumber]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Uh, god dammit..! Our camera guy kinda sucks, but this next shot we did was really cool. [the camera gets a glimpse of the four girls, then moves off them a second after Cartman appears]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,"Haaghh. [waves at the camera, then moves his wheelchair back and dances to the music] Timmih, livin' a lie!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Son of a bitch!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Hey. This video is dumb.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[dead air on tape] You don't understand. Girls were going crazy for it. Please. This is what God want me to do. Ple-ease.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Alright alright. What? Well, I guess I can move the sausage and cheese cart off to one side. [gives a warning face] For a little while."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Really? You will?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Only for twenty minutes, though."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,That's all we need! How about this afternoon at 3 o'clock?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Oh. Okay. [static shows up on the video]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yes! Thank you sir, you will not be disappointed! [a previous recording is shown:]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, Mrs. Cartman, I've been uh very bad. M'kay? [he's handcuffed against a brick wall. Mrs. Cartman appears as a dominatrix]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Liane,"You have been bad, so you're gonna have to drink from this glass. [points to it, then spreads her legs and pisses into it as he watches]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, yeah, that makes me hot, m'kay? [Cartman is shocked at what he sees; the manager is pleased]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Aw, Mom!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Wow. What?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, later. Stan sits on the sofa as Randy paces the floor back and forth"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"It's not fair, Dad! Why can't I be in a boy band?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Because I said so!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, Cartman said we're gonna perform at the mall at 3 o'clock. My friends are gonna be pissed off at me."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Let 'em be pissed off, then!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"I don't understand! Just let me go do this one thing, and I won't ever--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"No!! [walks over to the china cabinet] NOOO!! [smashes his head through its glass doors, causing the dishes to slide out and break up. Stan looks at him with his mouth hanging open in shock, and Randy stands up, ashamed and shocked at his behavior. He walks back to Stan, then turns away defeated]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Dad? What the hell is going on?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"...I was... I was 18 when my high-school men's choir performed at the grand opening of a sporting-goods store in Denver. [a flashback starts. A young Randy is at lower left corner of the choir, and the choir begins this song: ""Everything will wait / Weave all ye little reins...""] I was just one of fifteen members and I had no idea that a record producer was in the audience. [the audience claps. The producer is in the second row of spectators. The choir members split up and the producer rushes up to Randy]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Kid, can I talk to you?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Uh sure.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Heh, you were really great up there. Too good for a pissant choir in a pissant mountain town."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Ohh, thanks."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,Listen: I'm putting together a rock group. A vocal group called the Ghetto Avenue Boys. I think you would make a perfect member.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,What? Me? Do you like my singing that much?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Yeah, I think your mustache is perfect. How would you like to come to New York and start a singing career?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Oh my God, I don't know. I mean, I still have another year of high school, and I--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Hey, look, if you don't want it, I'll keep looking--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[interrupting] No! Wait. I mean, ah-I'll think about it."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,I take it that means yes. Call me in the morning. [slips a business card into Randy's coat pocket and pats it]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,And just like that I left everything. I dropped out of high school...
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,[walks by Denver High] See ya. [walks away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...I said good-bye to my girlfriend...
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"See ya. [waves, turns and walks away, leaving a distraught girl with mouth open]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...And I left my family.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"See ya. [gets into his beat-up pale-yellow car and drives off, leaving his parents at the front door]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"And suddenly there I was, thrown into a group with four other young men who I didn't even know. [the five are recording their first song]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,Take 112!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ghetto Avenue Boys,You've... got... it! You know you've got... it [Randy: Girl] What you've got is it!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"It's obvious to me, girl"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"The songs were terrible. But believe it or not, the country ate them up. The next thing I knew, we were the biggest thing in the world. [the song continues as he speaks, and the scene changes from the studio, to a poster, to a concert as the camera leaves the poster]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ghetto Avenue Boys,"Shirl! You've... got... it! It... is what you've got, girl! What you've got is it!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Now, give it to me, 'cause..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[more scenes from his glory days] I had everything. A huge house, [the backyard pool: he's resting on an inflatable chaise longue while women surround him] and all the women you can imagine. [nine bikini-clad women are in his bed, and he's rolling back and forth over all of them] And then one day, just as quick as it started..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"[the Ghetto Avenue Boys enter to rehearse, but...] Alright, guys, let's take it from the top."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Hey, Mr. Allens."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,Heh? Woh. Uh... R-Randy.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Who are they? [five new guys are in the recording booth]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"These are the Avenue Ghetto Street Boys, my... new boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"But, w-we're still selling records, right?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"Look, kid, you're just getting a little... old to be in a boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,I'm 19.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"Get a life, Marsh! [the Ghetto Avenue Boys turn around and walk out the door] Alright, guys, let's take it from the top."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"They said that after all the money we had made we were in debt to the studio, so they towed my car..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Tow Truck Driver,"[wearing a ""Tacos"" hat] See ya. [tows a blue sports car away]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...the women all left...
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Women,See ya. [the women pour out of bed and leave]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...and they took back my house.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,[gets kicked out of the house] Ugh..! [the producer stands at the French doors]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,See ya. [Randy gets up and walks away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"The only thing I could do was come back to Colorado, and face everyone that I had abandoned."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,"Hey! Weren't you the guy in that stupid boy band, the Ghetto Avenue Boys?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,"Sure, I remember you! [starts mocking] You got it, baby... You got it, baby [he and the others begin to laugh, and it soon gets overwhelming. Randy looks around, scared. The flashback ends]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[voice full of emotion] And so you see, Stanley, I... do know what I'm talking about."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Jesus Christ. ...I never knew.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"I didn't want you to know. Because now I'm a joke. Ever since then, I've wished every single day that I could go back to that moment when I was offered the job and say, ""No!"" Because all the fame and the money, the women... All it did was build me up, so that I could be knocked down harder than anybody in the world. [Stan is listening] That is what being in a boy band is all about, Stanley. [bitterness creeps in] It's people smothering you and embracing you and loving you and then spitting you out and throwing you away like you were last night's pork chops. Now we wander the Earth in disarray—us, New Kids on the Block, the Osmonds... We're all the same. And that... is why you can't go to the mall. [walks off]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,[left with his thoughts] ...Oh-kay.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, afternoon. Most of Fingerbang is on the plaza stage, peeking out from behind a curtain with the band's name on it. People begin to gather in front of the stage."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Wow. There must be at least 20 people out there. [the band regroups]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Where the hell is Stan?!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,He'll be here. Stan wouldn't douche.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I swear to God, if he ruins this dream of mine I will have his nuts!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[approaches] Hey. Uh, are you gonna do that thing or what?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yes. Yes, sir, any second—we're just waiting on one more member."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Well hurry up. I can't keep the sausage and cheese cart off this spot much longer. [the cart is shown with Swiss cheese and sausage, and a pissed-off vendor]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Yeah. We'll start right away. [the manager walks away. Cartman turns to Kyle] We'll have to do it without him.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Hell no! I'm not being part of a four-member boy band! We'll look stupid!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, god-dammit!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, later. Randy is sitting at the foot of his bed, reading from an issue of Teen Heat dedicated to the band. The camera zooms out from the magazine cover to Randy reading"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,[enters] Dad?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Huh? Yeah?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well... I just wanted to tell you... that I don't think you're a joke. I mean, whatever you used to be, you're just my dad. And you're the best dad I've ever had."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[thinks, then lowers the magazine] Come here, Stanley. [Stan approaches and sits next to his dad] Stan, it was wrong of me to try and stop you from joining a boy band without explaining why. I've made some mistakes in my life, and now... I have to let you make your own mistakes."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"You know, in a way, I think I was even jealous of you being in a boy band. Isn't that stupid?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Not really. Not any more stupid than some of the other stuff you've done.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Well, come on. I'll drive you down to the mall."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Really?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Yeah. I wanna see what you guys can do. And then we'll go buy you a small toy so that you can forget all about this.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Alright! [father and son get up and leave the bedroom. Randy tosses his magazine aside]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, afternoon. Everyone is waiting for Fingerbang to sing"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,What's happening here?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,"I don't know, uh. I guess nothing."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,"Hm... Well, let's just walk away then. [man and woman leave]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,God dammit! People are walking away! [drops back behind the curtain]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[arrives again] Alright, kids, uh, that does it. You're gonna have to move and make way for the sausage and cheese cart."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Just another minute.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Sorry. Get out! [the band members walk sullenly away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[stops and looks up] Well God, I guess you got me again, didn't you? Hyeah, that was a good one, God. Hope it made you laugh, you sick bastard."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Wendy,[rushes up to Cartman and points] What's that? [a grinning Randy and Stan arrive in an elevator]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,It's Stan! [the other members have returned]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, thank you God! Oh, praise his name! [walks off smiling as Stan arrives]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, where the hell have you been?!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[approaches the manager] Sir! We're all here now! Can we go on, please?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Who? Well. Okay, I guess. But hurry up."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"We will! [moves to the front of the stage and addresses the audience] Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to witness the next great boy band of the country! Someday you will all be among those who can say, ""I saw Fingerbang when they first performed at some crappy little mall."" [the manager takes offense] And so, without further ado, all five members of the..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,"[while Cartman talks] (Uff--!) [an elevator crushes him and Cartman stops. Everyone around, including Cartman, is stunned. The doors open and the occupants exit]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,You bastards!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[traumatized] No! He can't be dead!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, he's pretty dead."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,No! We were so close!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Alright, that's it, kids. Get out!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,But we have to perform!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"We don't have a fifth member, Cartman!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Oh, yes we do."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The stage is set, the intro begins"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Thank you all for your patience, and now get ready for Fingerbang!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"[the new fifth member: Randy] Fingerbang! Bang bang [audience members look at each other] Fingerbang-bang! Bangbangbang [people begin to leave] I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright [Janitors wearing face masks scrape Kenny's remains off the elevator] 'Cause I'm the king of fingerbang; let's not fight [the veteran mall guard swivels his hips around happily as the rookie looks on] I'm goin' tuh fingerbang-bang you ever-y night [Cartman: I'll just...] Fingerbang-bang you ever-y night!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Chuh! [only four shoppers remain to clap for them] Yes! Yes! Thank you, yes!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. Janitors continue cleaning the elevator that crushed Kenny, the sausage and cheese cart is rolled back on stage, and Fingerbang sits on the edge of the stage, dropping pieces of their costumes into the pit below"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,We made two dollars.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"You were great, Dad."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Yeah. I guess I still got it in me a little.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Little Girl,Can I get your autograph?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Ok-Okay, okay."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"[arrives with the rookie and moves the girl aside] Hey, don't hassle the talent, ma'am."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Little Girl,"[looks at the guard] I actually don't really know who they are, I was just getting an autograph and-- [the veteran guard sprays her with pepper] A-a-agg-g-ggh!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, ma'am. [the little girl runs off stage] Eh, that was pretty good, kids. Maybe you can come perform at my Elks Club sometime."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Okay, yeah, maybe. [the mall cops walk away] God..! Now it's like everybody wants a piece of us."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I don't know if I can handle all this fame. I mean, I always thought I'd wanna become famous, but now that I am, I don't know if I like it. I mean, I probably can't even walk through this mall right now without people goin', ""Oh my God, it's the Fingerbang guy! Oh my God!"""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,...Yeah. That's gonna suck.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Yeah. I just wanna be a normal kid again. Have a normal life and appreciate what I have.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[looks at Stan and pats him on the back] Well, I think you boys are very smart for your age. Come on. I'll buy you all an orange smoothie. [gets up and moves off the stage]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,I don't think they sell those anymore. [gets up and follows his dad off; Wendy gets up and follows him]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Hey, Cartman, do you think God's getting mad at you for not making $10 million? [gets up and follows the others off the stage. Cartman gets up and follows him]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Aw, screw God. I'm not scared o' him. He's a pussy. [the stage is empty now, but Cartman returns and looks up] You know I'm just kiddin', right? Heheyeah. [turns and walks off again]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. The congregation is heard singing along with an organ. Inside, the town has assembled for services"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Congregation,"I walk hand-in-hand with Jesus Over at the park by where he lives I tell him all my problems [the cantor is shown at the pulpit] And sometimes he tells me his What a friend I have in Jesus [Stan, Kenny, and Cartman are shown] I can say that honestly [other townsfolk are shown] He's not like all my other friends Who really don't care about me. Amen."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,[to Kenny] Bo-ring.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cantor,"And now Mr. Mackey will read his favorite psalm for us, Psalm 46. [steps out of the way]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, God is our refuge and strength, m'kay. A very present help in trouble, m'kay. [Cartman starts talking to Stan and Kenny] Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea..."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"[as Mackey speaks] Hey, you guys, you wanna know what my favorite psalm is? ""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation. [Stan and Kenny begin to laugh] This sort of penetration will increase the population of the younger generation."" [stops]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Mr. Mackey,"God is in the midst of her, m'kay. She shall not be moved, m'kay. [Stan resumes conversing with the other two] Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, m'kay, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, m'kay. There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place- [interrupted by the priest]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"[as Mackey speaks] Waiwaiwaiwaiwait. ""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's..."""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation [Stan and Kenny begin to laugh] to increase the population of the younger generation."""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,(It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's operation-)
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"No no, no. Separation."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's-"""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,BOYS! You are in CHURCH! [Liane raises her arm and slaps Cartman across the back.]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[falls off the pew and onto the floor] Ugh!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Mr. Mackey,"-m'kay. The God of Jacob is our refuge, m'kay. [walks from the pulpit back to his seat. The priest replaces him]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Thank you, Mr. Mackey. Hello, everyone. Today, we're going to talk about hell. [an organ swells into a dreadful chord. The boys are afraid] Hell is not a very nice place. Burning, searing, flames. Screaming, torture. For eternity. Once you are in hell, you cannot escape. You live forever in horrible pain, in burning agony. All sinners are there in misery, dying over and over and over. [the camera begins to descend through the floor, past the foundation, several layers of dirt, a sewage pipe...] If you be cast down into this black bog of stench, then woe is thou, [...more layers of dirt and some fossils...] for Satan has made it the most miserable place in the universe! [...and finally, an inferno full of skulls] And he will be your ruler! [the camera stops at this sign: ""Welcome to Hell""] Your ruler of pain and agony!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell. Music is heard, and the camera pans right, past this sign: ""Don't Forget! IT'S LUAU SUNDAY!!!"""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Singers:,Are we going to the Hukilau? The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau? [Satan joins them] Are we going to the Hukilau? The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau? [Jerry Garcia is seen] Everybody loves a hukilau-
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Gene Siskel,I do!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Singers,"Where the laulau is the kaukau at the luau [A monster band plays] We throw our nets out into the sea [Satan does throw out a net] And all the ama-ama come swimmin' to me [two demons retrieve the net, with fish in it] Are we going to the Hukilau? The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Hula Dancers,Are we going to the Hukilau?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Men,The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Hula Dancers,"Everybody loves a Hukilau,[a hula dancer's head falls off]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Singers,Where the laulau is the kaukau at the luau[Three other tortured souls watch as Satan and George Burns meet at the spit and Satan roasts the man attached]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,All,"'We throw our nets out into the sea. [Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin motion for the nets to be dropped] And all the ama-ama come a-swimming to me [The demons harvest the catch, Tiny Tim surfs and plays his ukulele] Are we going to the Hukilau? [A three-person band of monsters sings and plays, then a group shot of Satan and others] The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau? Huki... Luki... Lau?... [the camera pulls back to show everyone. An Aloha sign appears above.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Yeah!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Demon,Hennnh! [bites a damned soul]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Man,Aaawwwwwww! [the others laugh]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Gary,"Great luau, Satan."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Thanks. See ya, Gary. Thanks for comin'. Oh- Hi, Marsha."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Walter,"Satan, a few of us are gonna go pound some brews. You wanna join us?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh, I'd love to, Mr. Matthau, but I can't. Chris and I just moved to the west side and we have to unpack."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Walter,"Oh, well, maybe next time. Great luau!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Bye.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, a marina. Boats, yachts, and one big ship are docked on the liquid lava below. A complex of buildings is shown. A woman somewhere screams. At the main entrance the sign reads, ""RIVER STYX CONDOMINIUMS. UNITS STILL AVAILABLE."" Inside his condo, Satan sets up a ceramic doll display and hums a bit"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Chris?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,[off-screen] Yeah?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Did you, uh, see my ""Boy With An Umbrella"" Hummel?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Uuh, no, but there's still some boxes coming from the movers."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh, okay, thanks. [the doorbell rings.] Oh, that must be them now. [goes to answer the door, and opens it] Just put the boxes by the-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Hello, Satan! [opens his arms wide and grins big. He has two suitcases, one on either side of him]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,[stunned] Saddam...
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"[cuddly] Did you miss me, buttercup?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, it can't be! You're dead! I killed you!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Yeah, you killed me. So? Where was I gonna go? Detroit?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh no. [looks up] Oh, God no."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. Priest Maxi finishes his sermon. Fear is shown across the faces of many of the congregants"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"A place of everlasting agony and pain! Hell awaits all sinners and all who do not accept Christ! [Stan grits his teeth, Cartman's jaw drops, Kenny trembles a little] Children in this town have not been attending Sunday school after Mass! And adults have not been coming to Confession! If this does not change, I promise you, you will be going to the black pit of Satan's world! [Cartman grits his teeth] That is all. Peace be with you. [congregants rise and file out of church. Randy and Sharon Marsh are the last two adults out]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Randy,"Well, that was quite an uplifting sermon."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sharon,"Yeah. [Stan, Cartman, and Kenny run up to them from behind]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Mom, wuh we're staying for Sunday school."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sharon,"[she, Liane, and Randy spin around] What?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"We have to go to Sunday school so we don't burn! [turns around, runs to the altar, and turns right. Kenny follows him]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Yeah. I'll see ya later, mom. [runs out after the other two.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Randy,"Oh, now look at that. They're scared to death."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"[comes up behind them] Hell is a very real place, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh. I'm trying to save their souls and the souls of everyone in this town from the wretched lake of fire!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The wretched lake of fire — I mean, Hell, the River Styx Condominiums, Satan's front door. Satan has taken refuge behind the door and peeks out"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Come on, guy. Just let me in so we can talk."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"I don't want to talk to you, Saddam! This isn't what I need in my life right now."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[peeks out from another room] Is that the movers, Satan?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[hides his disdain] Ah. Yeah. Yeah, it's just the movers"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Oh, well, tell them I'm leavin' their check on the counter. [disappears]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Okay, Chris."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Satan, look: I know our relationship wasn't perfect. Okay? I know that. I was too busy tryin' to take over the world to give you what you needed. But I've changed, Satan. [flashes his charm]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[sarcastically] Oh, why, I haven't heard that one before."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"COME ON, can't we just go out for a burrito? [Satan thinks about it. Saddam appears dressed for a fiesta and shakes the maracas around] ¡Me gusta burrito mucho!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"I can't, Saddam. I'm with Chris now."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,Who?? Screw 'im! He can't pound your ass like I can!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Good-bye, Saddam!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Wait. Wait, I'm sorry, heh. But Satan, you can't deny what's between us. [pats his hair] You can try, but you know we belong together."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"My life is good now, Saddam. Chris treats me well. You and I are through. Good-bye. [closes the door, sighs, and walks off to his left, past a window]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"[pops up outside the window] Hey, come on, guy! Give me a break! [Satan looks, then lowers the blinds, and continues walking]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. Sunday school is in session, apparently at the church basement. A nun and eleven children sit around a table. Clockwise: the nun, a blonde girl, Clyde, Butters, Token, Kenny, Stan, Cartman, Pip, Bebe, Tweek, and a blond boy. A Twister game in on one side of the room, a bicycle on the other"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Nun,"Hello, children. I'm Sister Anne. And I'll be teaching you so that you can all receive your First Communion."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,[quite afraid] Are we gonna go to hell?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Well, hopefully not. That's why you're gonna need to receive Communion."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"A- And as long as we get this Communion thing, we're safe?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,What if we haven't really done anything that horribly bad in our lives.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Yeah, what if we haven't?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"It doesn't matter, because we are all born with Original Sin. Now, let me explain how Communion works. [brings out a golden dish with round wafers on it] The priest will give you this round cracker, [lifts up and displays a wafer] and he will say, ""The Body of Christ,"" and then you eat it. [silence]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Jesus was made of crackers?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,No.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,But crackers are his- body.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,Yes.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,"[thinks a while, then] (What?!)"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"In the Book of Mark, Jesus distributed bread and said, ""eat this, for it is my body."""
