Insheeption,Mackey,"Okay. Okay, I can do this. I'm just gonna stand and, and face what happens, okay?"
Insheeption,Scene Description,The lab. The firemen have hooked themselves up and entered Mr. Mackey's dream.
Insheeption,Pizza Man,Somebody... order pizza? Pizza?
Insheeption,Pinkerton,Mr. Mackey must be dreaming about something extremely traumatic.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Alright, that does it. [goes to the coat hanger and grabs his coat] Get your coat."
Insheeption,Pinkerton,Where are we going?
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,We need to get help from the most powerful dream infiltrator in the world.
Insheeption,Pinkerton,You don't mean...
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Deep in the woods, day. A small cabin is seen in the distance as three helicopters fly towards it. A familiar bogeyman is shown splitting wood with an axe."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Hello, Freddy. [the bogeyman turns around and it's Freddy Krueger, now with a full beard and mustache] You're looking healthy."
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,Chinstrap! What happened? You run out of stoolies to do your work?
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Alright, look, we're in a pickle again and we need your help. Got some people trapped inside a dream."
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,Told you a long time ago: I gave that up. [resumes splitting wood]
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,There's some good men stuck in there.
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,"[stops and turns around, exasperated] I said I'm done with it! [the cabin door and a woman with two kids appears in the doorway]"
Insheeption,Woman,"Everything all right, Fred?"
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,"It's fine, Peg. Get back in the house. [Peg tugs at her kids and they all go back inside]"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Wife and kids.
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,No thanks to you.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,We need ya Fred.
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,Like you needed me to kill those teenagers to stop the Russians?!
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,We had a country to protect!
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,Protect it yourselves this time.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Dammit I'm not working for the military anymore, Krueger!"
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,Then you should have no problem covering it up. [resumes splitting wood]
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"[a few seconds later] Some of those trapped are firemen. Public servants, innocent in all of this."
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,"[stops, sighs, and throws his axe away] Alright, fine."
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Frisco Woods, day. Mackey and Billy finally face off and Mackey is ready to fight"
Insheeption,Mackey,"Alright Billy, I'm not gonna let you hurt me this time, hm'kay? This time I'm gonna stand up for myself!"
Insheeption,Billy,You? Gonna fight back? I don't think so! [Stan and Mr. Yelman look on]
Insheeption,Stan,You can do it Mr. Mackey.
Insheeption,Mackey,"Go ahead and do your worst, Billy. I'm facing you head-on, m'kay?"
Insheeption,Billy,Alright Mackey. Take this. [rears his right arm back and is about to deliver a punch when a gunshot kills him. A second gunshot hits him for good measure. The five experts converge on Billy and his friends and shoot them thoroughly]
Insheeption,DiCaprio,Get the perimeter secure! Make sure they're dead!
Insheeption,Stan,What the hell?
Insheeption,Expert 2,We got 'em! The bad memories are dead.
Insheeption,Fire Captain,"[through his bullhorn] Alright everyone, this is the fire department. Do not panic."
Insheeption,Stan,Who are you people?
Insheeption,DiCaprio,We came here to rescue you from the bad guys in Mackey's dream.
Insheeption,Stan,"Well uh, wouldn't it be better to have Mackey face them on his own?"
Insheeption,Expert 1,"No. As long as the source of the drama is wiped out, the counselor can wake up."
Insheeption,Expert 2,Right. [nothing happens]
Insheeption,Stan,...So then why aren't we waking up?
Insheeption,Expert 2,Unless... the bullies aren't the source of the counselor's bad memory.
Insheeption,Mackey,"Hey that's right. The bullies didn't even beat me up that day. I, I ran away from them."
Insheeption,Expert 2,"[strokes the back of his neck with his left hand] Oh, whoops."
Insheeption,Mackey,[begins to walk away] I remember. [walks to a small shack nearby] I ran and I ran and I hid in this building here. And somebody was in there. Somebody who talked to me real nice and then... and then touched me somewhere bad. [pushes the door open. Woodsy is molesting the actual boy Mackey]
Insheeption,Real Mackey,"No Woodsy! Hmkay? Don't touch muh pee pee. No Woodsy, please. I'll give a hoot, hm'kay?"
Insheeption,Mackey,Woodsy Owl! No! I'll never litter again! I'll keep all my trash! No please Woodsy no! [the woods begin to rumble and shake]
Insheeption,Fire Captain,What's happening?
Insheeption,Expert 2,Dream conundrum. This is bad. [Woodsy breaks through the front wall of the shack with glowing red eyes and roars]
Insheeption,Fire Captain,What the hell's going on?
Insheeption,DiCaprio,"The bad memory is manifesting itself! It didn't wanna be exposed! [Woodsy runs towards the group. The experts begin shooting at it and advance, but Woodsy remains unharmed] Our dream bullets don't hurt it. [Woodsy reaches for Mr. Yelman and decapitates him with a swipe of his left wing]"
Insheeption,Mackey,"No! No more, Woodsy. [hides his face]"
Insheeption,Stan,"Mr. Mackey, you have to wake up now!"
Insheeption,Expert 1,"He can't! Don't you get it?! We're all gonna go to limbo! [Woodsy roars again, and Freddy's blades rip through Woody's back and chest]"
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,"There's a real hoot for ya, Woodsy! [pulls his blades out and Woodsy falls down dead]"
Insheeption,Mackey,It's dead... It's finally dead. [grins]
Insheeption,Scene Description,The observation room. Dr. Chinstrap reads the printouts this time
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Something's happening. I'm getting Bogart levels on all counter ups.
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"They're waking up. They're coming to. [enters the lab, and Dr. Chinstrap follows]"
Insheeption,Scene Description,The lab. Everyone is finally out of Mackey's dream
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Ahhh, you're back, everyone! [grins]"
Insheeption,Randy,"Aw, dammit. [Sharon is just happy Stan is back as they grin at each other]"
Insheeption,Fire Captain,"Thanks, Freddy."
Insheeption,Freddy Krueger,If only I could have saved the sheep herder.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Well, did you find the painful source of your hoarding problems, Mr. Mackey?"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,I sure did.
Insheeption,DiCaprio,Turns out he was molested by Woodsy Owl.
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"I completely blocked it from my memory, hm'kay?"
Insheeption,Fire Captain,"So, he was hoarding because when he tried to throw things away his subconscious would remember Woodsy's voice saying ""Give a hoot, don't pollute"" and touching his penis with his wing?"
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"Wow, that is so complex and trippy and cool!"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Well, now that we've uncovered Mackey's source of hoarding, we can finally move on to yours, Stan. Are you ready for your therapy?"
Insheeption,Stan,[thinks a moment] I think I have a better idea.
Insheeption,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Stan is cleaning out his locker. Kyle and Wendy walk up to him"
Insheeption,Wendy,"Stan, did you find out the reason you've been hoarding?"
Insheeption,Stan,"Whatever it is, I don't wanna know. I'm just gonna throw this crap away like I should have to begin with."
Insheeption,Kyle,"But dude, there must be something in your past you're not dealing with."
Insheeption,Stan,"Don't care. After going through all that crap and seeing what happened to Mackey, I don't want any part of therapy!"
Insheeption,Kyle,How do you know... [this stops Stan cold] that wasn't your therapy? [Dr. Chinstrap walks up and begins his accompaniment...]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Cartman's basement/The Coon's headquarters, day. A tapestry there now says ""COON aND FRiEndS."" The camera pans down to show The Coon with seven new superhero friends"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"My fellow heroes, tonight I stopped three murders from happening. [begins pacing back and forth] I don't know why, but we're seeing a huge trend in crime. We have to find out the source of this evil. Something big is about to happen, and it is up to Coon and Friends to stop it. [Stan raises his hand] Yes, Toolshed."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,"Why do we have to be called ""Coon and Friends""?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,[stops] ...What?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,"We all fight crime together. How come we're just your ""friends""?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,TupperWear,"[steps forward] Yeah. We wanna be called ""The Extreme Avenger League."""
Coon 2: Hindsight,All,Yeah! That's right. Extreme Avenger League!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"I told you, TupperWear, Extreme Avenger League doesn't work."
Coon 2: Hindsight,TupperWear,Why not?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,It's confusing! The Coon is a brand people already know.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,Why can't it be Mosquito and Friends?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Nobody's fucking heard of you, Mosquito!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,"Have, so."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[paces again] Look guys, we need to find out what's causing the crime wave in this city. [stops] Mysterion, you and the Human Kite get on the computer and dig up what you can. TupperWear and Mosquito, scan the news. Toolshed, you run a perimeter check with Iron Maiden."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Iron Maiden,Timmeh!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Let's work, people! [the other heroes begin to leave, but Coon holds one back] Uh, Mint-Berry Crunch, could I have a quick word with you in the debriefing chamber? [takes Mint-Berry Crunch to a corner of headquarters, sits behind a desk and sighs] Okay, ummm, I really enjoy having you be a part of Coon and Friends and I certainly appreciate your on-time paying of dues and fees; it's just... I don't... I'm not getting your deal. I mean, exactly what is Mint-Berry Crunch supposed to mean? [Mint-Berry Crunch's jaw drops] I, I get that you're half man and half berry, and that you're... crunchy with some mint, but... to be a part of Coon and Friends, you have to have a clear and more... superhero kind of identity. [Mint-Berry Crunch just looks at himself, then back at Coon] Mint-Berry Crunch, ummm, I'm just wondering if... maybe you need to add something else to the Mint-Berry Crunch part of your costume."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mint-Berry Crunch,[looks at himself again] Like milk?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[annoyed] No, not like milk! You see, I really think we're on different pages here, Mint-Berry Crunch! It's like you don't even- [an alarm sounds]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Alarm,Coon and Friends alert. Coon and Friends alert.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Uh oh! [quickly leaves his chair. The superheroes meet up again in front of a big monitor, which is receiving video in Coon-O-Vision.] What's the alert, Mosquito?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,There's like a big fire or something in town.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,What? A fire? Coon volume up! [grabs the remote and clicks the up arrow for volume]
Coon 2: Hindsight,News 4 Reporter,"There's thought to be at least twenty people trapped inside the apartment building, and firefighters are having no luck."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"My God, this is what we've been waiting for! Coon and Friends, let's head out!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon's Friends,"Let's do it! Yeah! Let's go! [they begin to head out, but Cartman stops Mint-Berry Crunch again]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Yeah, uhh, Mint-Berry Crunch, why don't you stay here and mind the place, okay? Kewl. [Mint-Berry Crunch stays behind as the others leave]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, moments later. The boys come out of the basement"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"We've got to get downtown fast, Coon Friends! [walks up to Liane, who's sitting on the sofa reading a book, and stops] Mom, you've gotta drive us downtown!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Ohh, it's a little late, sweetie. Why don't you boys just keep playing downstairs?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Mom, you're the Coon's faithful butler! I wanna go downtown now!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Well, all right. [puts down her book and blanket] I guess I can get some groceries anyway. [rises and leads the boys out to the car]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Liane's car
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Into the Coon Mobile, everyone! Let's just hope we get there in time! [everyone gets in]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"All right, are you little munchkins buckled up for safety?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Mom, don't talk to us like that! We're fucking superheroes!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"[bangs the center armrest with her right fist] Eric, what have we talked about with that language?! One more time and I'm not taking you anywhere!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[exasperated] Oh... I'm sorry Mom, can we go please? [Liane starts the car, and under his breath Coon says] Unbelievable! [crosses his arms]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Downtown. Fire trucks are everywhere and a few hoses fight the fire. Police are also present
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman,We tried gettin' in through the back; it was no good!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,Those people are gonna die if we don't do something!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"[pulls up] Oh my goodness, it's a fire. [the boys leave the car]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Come on, Coon Friends!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"No- Eric, stay in the car, sweetie!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,Can we try a helicopter?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman,The winds are too high. The chopper would burn in minutes. [Coon and Friends walk up next to the firemen]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"All right, what seems to be the problem?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,"Get back, kids. It isn't safe."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"[walks around looking for Cartman] Eric, poopsie?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Whatever's happening, you need help from the Coon!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,And friends!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,"Keep those children back, Thompson! [Liane finds the boys and walks up to them]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Please sir, you must let us-"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Sweetie, let the nice firemen do their job."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,Shut! Up! Mom! God!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Officer,Wait. Look! Up in the sky!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman,"It's him! My God, it's really him!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,He's come to help us. Captain Hindsight! [in the distance a superhero flies towards the town. He's wearing red and yellow tights and a black cope with a blue eye on it - looking behind]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,Who's Captain Hindsight?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Announcer,"Captain Hindsight, the hero of the modern age. [a series of comic book pictures follows] Once known as Jack Brolin, a reporter for the national news, the hero was born when a freak accident gave him the amazing power of extraordinary hindsight. From toxic spills to unjust wars there is no task too large for... Captain Hindsight! [the hero descends and lands next to the firemen]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,"Captain Hindsight, thank God you've come!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,What's the skinny?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman,"There's people trapped in that burning building, Captain Hindsight. And the fire is so massive we can't get to them."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Hmmm... You see those windows on the right side? They should have built fire escapes on those windows for the higher floors, then people could have gotten down. And then on the roof: they should have built it with a more reinforce structure, so a helicopter could have landed on it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman,"Yes, of course."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,And then you see that building to the left?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,Yes.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"They shouldn't have built that there. Because now you can't park any fire trucks where you really need to. [stands up tall] Well, looks like my job here is done. Goodbye everyone! [takes off]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman,"Thank you, Captain Hindsight!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Officer,Thank youuu!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fire Captain,"All right everyone, I guess that's it. Let's pack it up. [the firemen and officers quickly pack up and leave, but the building keeps burning. Coon and Friends can only watch helplessly as trapped residents scream.]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time. The family is eating quietly"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,"Whoa, boy, did you hear about that fire downtown, Sharon?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Sharon,"Oh my gosh, yes! They said like 14 people died."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,It's just ridiculous to me that they didn't build fire escapes on those upper floors! Ridiculous!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Sharon,"Oh I know, and if you ask me, they should've built a roof with enough support to land a helicopter."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,"I mean, hello!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,Hey you guys are just repeating what that hindsight guy said.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,"Why yes, Stan. Captain Hindsight is our protector and guardian. We're just thankful he was there for that fire. And now we can all eat in peace. [an alarm sounds]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Alarm,"Coon and Friends alert. Coon and Friends alert. [they look around for the source of the alarm, then get up and enter the living room]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,What the hell is that? [they stop in front of the alarm] Who put that there?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Alarm: Alert,"Seriously. All Coon Friends to base. Alert, you guys. I'm seriously."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,"[backs up towards the stairs] Mom, Dad? I I finished dinner. Can I go up to my room?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Sharon,"[distracted] Well sure, Stan. [Stan goes upstairs] Wha- How did that thing get there, Randy?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,I don't know.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Sharon,Well take it down. It's noisy.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Randy,I can't. I don't know what happened to all my tools. [the alarm stays on as they look at each other in wonder.]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The Coon's headquarters, day. Toolshed enters the basement, revving his drill"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Alright, Toolshed is here. We can start."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,"Dude, who said you could put a big siren in my parents' house?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,"Yeah, I almost got in trouble for it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,The Coon must be able to signal his friends when a huge catastrophe breaks out.
Coon 2: Hindsight,TupperWear,So what's the huge catastrophe?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,What's the huge-? Did you guys not see that Captain Hindsight guy?!
Coon 2: Hindsight,The Human Kite,"Yeah, so?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,So there's a big superhero out there doing stuff on his own and he's NOT part of Coon and Friends!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,Oh Jesus...
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[walks up to a hidden computer, which is actually a prop] I've looked into it and this Captain Hindsight is everywhere. He's like some freelance butthole scab. We need to make him join us!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Professor Chaos,"Hey fellas? [the boys turn to see him] Fellas, could you let me out please? It uh it's been like six days. [he's in the Coon's holding cell, with a light outside by which he could see.]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"You aren't going anywhere, Chaos!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Professor Chaos,"Yeah, but uh, but uh youuu, but you only gave me this bucket to poop in and it's full now. [pulls the bucket into view] And I ain't got nothin' to eat."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"You've got poop, don'tcha? [goes back to the other boys] Now the question is, how are we gonna get Captain Hindsight to join Coon and Friends?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,Who cares if a hero doesn't want to be part of Coon and Friends?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,I CARE!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,"Look, all we need to do is wait for the next disaster, then try to beat Hindsight to the scene."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,There's not gonna be any worse disaster. What could possibly be worse than a fire that kills fourteen people?!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Marine Sanctuary, day. A pelican rests on a sign at the end of a string of buoys. It takes off as a huge freighter floats by and breaks the string in two. It's a BP Oil ship"
Coon 2: Hindsight,BP Man 1,"All right, this looks like a jolly good place."
Coon 2: Hindsight,BP Man 2,"Yes. Let's let her rip. [a crane operator pulls some levers, releasing a cable which enable a giant drill to descend into the water. The drill hits the sea bottom and all the marine animals there scatter.]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,BP Man 3,"That's it, lads. Collect that oil! [the drill hits some rock and shakes from the impact]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,BP Man 4,Uh oh! [oil begins to ooze out of the hole into the ocean. It quickly reaches the surface and lots of dead fish pop up immediately] Oh deah.
Coon 2: Hindsight,BP Man 3,"Oh, don't tell me we did it again?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The McCormick house, night. Stuart and his wife are in bed asleep; their bedroom window is open. An alarm goes off and they jump out of bed, frightened"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Alarm,Coon and Friends alert. Coon and Friends alert. [they exit the room and see the alarm in the hallway] All Coon Friends report to base. I'm so seriously. Emergency. Coon and Friends alert. [Kenny appears and is ready to go. He turns away and is carrying a small back pack over his right shoulder. He goes to a far window and climbs out]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The Coon's headquarters. The Human Kite, Mysterion, Mint-Berry Crunch, and Mosquito enter it and come down the stairs"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Good, you're all here. Take a look at this. Coon volume up! [raises the volume. On screen is the BP oil spill]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The Gulf, in Coon-O-Vision"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"It's a scene of utter despair and catastrophe. Oil from the ocean is spill out out of control, and the rescue effort seems futile."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Man,It's horrible. We can't stop the oil from contaminatin' everything.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Woman,Our home is covered in sludge. Where are we supposed to go?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cajun Shrimp Merchant,"Git a lookie on mah scrimp heuh! Might as give ya the best scrimp this side of Louisiana and now down tuh where we all got up in our scrimp, and it ain't worth a slimy noob it ain't sold on. There, now lookit all the url on mah scrimp!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Coon Headquarters
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,My God! Another oil spill could mean absolute devastation for the Gulf!
Coon 2: Hindsight,The Human Kite,We've got to help those people!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,Yes. This is definitely a job for Coon and Friends.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mint-Berry Crunch,Let's pack the Gulf full of flavor! [Cartman looks at him in disbelief]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The Gulf. As rescuers clean up as best they can, one of them looks up in the sky"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 1,[a woman] Wait a minute. Look! It's Captain Hindsight! [Captain Hindsight flies towards the rescuers and they begin cheering]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,Oh no!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,What seems to be the problem?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 2,"It's that BP Oil rig, Captain Hindsight. It drilled into a marine sanctuary and the environment is being poisoned."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 3,"If we can't stop it, the spill could reach New Orleans."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,[thinks] Hmm... All right. You see where that rig is drilling?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 3,Yes.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"It's in too deep of water. They shouldn't have drilled in that deep of water, because now they can't get machines deep enough to fix the spill!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 2,Aha!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 4,"Yesss, YESSS."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Now, if it's a valve that ruptured, then what they should have done is installed the backup valve in case that valve broke."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 2,"I believe they did install a backup safety valve, Captain Hindsight."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,[thinks] Hmmm... Right. Then they should have had a backup safety valve to that backup safety valve!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 5,"My God, he's right!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,My work here is done! I'm off to fine others in need!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 4,"God bless you, Captain Hindsight! God bless you!!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Coon Headquarters
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,Goddammit! We have got to get that guy into Coon and Friends!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Jack Brolin's mansion, day. Cartman, dressed in a business suit, rings the bell by the front door"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,[answering the door] Can I help you?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,I understand this is where Captain Hindsight lives?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,Yes?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"I need to speak with him, please."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,The captain is very busy dealing with the Gulf oil crisis.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"I believe I have something that can help him deal with that oil crisis, sir."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"Mr. Hindsight, sir. [Hindsight sits behind his desk looking at three monitors with 12 screens each. He turns around at the mention of his name] This young man would like a word."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Please, sit down. What can I do for you?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"Mr. Hindsight, I represent some very high-profile people, [sets his briefcase on the table and opens it] and I've been asked to give you some really exciting news. [takes out an application to join Coon and Friends and hands it to Hindsight] You, have been pre-approved to become the newest member, of Coon and Friends."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,[takes the application] Of what?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"I know the Coon personally, and I can tell you, being a Coon friend is the very highest honor. As you can see in those papers, your first three months of dues have actually been waived. This must be amazingly exciting for you."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Officer 2,"[from one of the 36 screens] Captain Hindsight? Captain Hindsight, please come in! [Hindsight walks over to see what the matter is]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,Go ahead.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Officer 2,The oil keeps coming out! We've got other rigs now catching fire!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Listen! They should have hosed down the other rigs as soon as the spill began, and that wouldn't have happened."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Officer 2,Right. [salutes] Thank you! [Hindsight salutes back. Another screen comes on to his right]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Fireman 2,"Captain Hindsight! The dolphins that those volunteers cleaned of oil, they, they're all dying!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,Get down to the volunteers and tell them they should have used a non-bleaching cleanser! Commissioner!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Commissioner,Yes?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Tell Brett Favre he should have never sent actual pictures of his schlong! [the screen the commissioner was on switches over to Santa Monica Pier as Hindsight shows his fatigue] It's not a blessing, it's a curse."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"[waits a few seconds, then] ...So, anyways, if you wanna just start filling out the form, we'll get you enrolled in Coon and Friends right away."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Look, I'm sorry kid, but I work alone."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"Well, see, the problem with that is there's a superhero union called Coon and Friends. But if you refuse to be a part of that union. you are a scab!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,Get this kid out of here! I have to think!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,"[gathers the form and puts it back in the briefcase] Fine! You'll be hearing from my lawy- the Coon's lawyer, sir! [walks away]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,BP Crisis special report
Coon 2: Hindsight,Anchor Man,"The BP Oil spill in the Gulf continues to get worse every day. As public anger towards the BP Company grows, their president released this statement:"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,A BP oil rig
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[a soft acoustic guitar begins to play] Hello, I'm Tony Hayward, president and CEO of BP. Our accidental drilling spill again in the Gulf is a tragedy that should have never happened. And to all those affected, I want to say, we are deeply sorry. [switch to camera 2 to his left, and he turns to look at it] We're sorry. [on the tundra dressed in winter gear, stroking a baby arctic seal] We're sorry. [in the kitchen with an apron on, taking a tray of chocolate chip cookies from the oven] We're sorry. [skis towards the camera and stops] Sorry. [back on the oil rig] BP has taken full responsibility for cleaning up this spill in the Gulf, and in doing so, we've changed our name from Beyond Petroleum, to Dependable Petroleum. [a shot of the Earth and Moon in an interesting configuration. The Earth has two drills attached to it, the Moon has large creators that look similar to a face, and clouds look similar to flailing arms] We no longer fuck the earth, we DP it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Coon Headquarters. The Coon has his friends gathered around his Coon table. ""QUIET. COON-FERENCE IN SESSION"""
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Gentlemen, my attempts to recruit Captain Hindsight into Coon and Friends have been unsuccessful, but I believe I've come up with a solution. Coon Vision on! [a projector screen is shown, as is the projector on the table. Pictures begin to appear on screen] All we need to do is get pictures of Captain Hindsight naked with Courtney Love. Then we'll tell him if he doesn't join us, we'll put them on the Internet."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,How do we get pictures of him naked with Courtney Love?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Simple, Toolshed. Coon slide 2? [the next slide clicks into place] We dress Professor Chaos up as Courtney Love, take pictures of him naked with a homeless guy, then photoshop Hindsight's face onto it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Professor Chaos,"Me?? Awww, come on, fellas, don't make me be Courtney Love."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Gotta get to work fast, people! Coon and Friends, ho!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,...You want us to take naked pictures of Butters to use as blackmail? That doesn't sound very superhero-like.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"That's because you think small, Mosquito! You have a tiny little mosquito brain, that's why you don't come up with the plan!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,"Nono, look. what's going on down in the Gulf is much more important than blackmailing another hero."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,Agreed.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,Oh who cares about some oil spill environment crap?!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,"Mosquito has a good plan, Cartman! Hear him out!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,You don't know that I'm Cartman because my true identity is secret!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,"We all have a say in this organization, Coon! Let Mosquito talk!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[grudgingly] All right, Mosquito, how do you wanna help people suffering in the Gulf crisis? [crosses his arms]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,I think we should help raise money for the relief aid by having a bake sale.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,[challenging] A bake sale?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,"I have a recipe for lemon bars from my mom. We could wear our costumes outside the grocery store and sell lemon bars. Which would be a good deed, and help people."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"We're superheroes, not the fucking Girl Scouts!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,Those people down there need help! Sometimes being a hero means helping in smaller ways.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Iron Maiden,Timmeh!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,[challenging] You think selling lemon bars is helpful to mankind?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mint-Berry Crunch,More helpful than taking naked pictures of Butters.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Shut up, Mint-Berry Crunch! You aren't even anything!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,And that's another thing: no more picking on Mint-Berry Crunch!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Oh, what are you, the boss now?!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,"No, but we are all equal! From now on, we vote! Who wants to go with my plan? [everybody but Coon raises a hand. The Iron Maiden lifts a sword]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[crosses his arms again, sarcastic] Sounds awesome. Let's do it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,To the grocery store!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,A street in the neighborhood. Coon leads his friends down the street. A classical piece plays as the boys are shown in slow motion.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[thinking] As we walked along the road to the grocery store, my Coon sense started tingling. Something was wrong. Very wrong. I've learned to trust my Coon sense. It has always been my guide. And so I knew I must act. A coon must know when to defend itself. [Coon turns to his right and high-kicks Mospuito on the cheek. Mosquito goes up in the air and bounces on the road. Coon kicks him in the balls and leaps at him, and grins. He spreads his claws out and slashes Mosquito on the left temple. Mint-Berry Crunch moves to intervene while Coon continues to rake Mosquito across the face. Coon notices Mint-Berry Crunch coming to Mosquito's aid and slashes him too.]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"A dinner, later. Coon and his friends are seated around a large table. Mosquito and Mint-Berry Crunch are battered and bruised. Mosquito's vuvuzela snout is crimped"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"[after a while] Well, now we're back to normal. [smiles] Just like before and all forgotten? Right right?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mint-Berry Crunch,[defeated] Right right.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mosquito,[defeated] Right.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Keewwwl! So what's next for Coon and Friends? [no one says a word, and Coon takes a sip of his soda]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Another BP Crisis special report
Coon 2: Hindsight,Anchor Man,"Another crisis in the Gulf of Mexico as the oil company DP has once again made a huge error. [a glowing plasma seeps out of a big hole while strange creatures float and walk out of there] This time, the oil company has accidentally ripped a hole into another dimension. [beachgoers run for their lives as a many-mouthed three-legged creature lumbers by. A flying creature drops down on a woman, scoops her up in its tentacles, and rips her in two at the waist. Other winged creatures swoop in and abduct other beachgoers. Different creatures walk by the pier and scoop up visitors there, then drop them into open mouths that look like Venus fly traps] The oil company stated that it knew a portal to another dimension was there, but didn't think drilling into it would prove problematic. [two men are fishing when another creature pops up and eats them] Now hundreds of creatures from another dimension are spilling out into our reality and wreaking havoc. [a giant starfish creature sits on the pier floor when a man gets curious and leans in. It snaps shut, leaving him headless. Everyone else jumps back and a woman screams]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Hayward's BP oil rig
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[a soft acoustic guitar begins to play] Hello, I'm Tony Hayward, CEO of DP. Tearing a hole into another dimension is a tragedy that should have never happened. And as CEO, I would like to say... We're sorry. [sitting in an armchair by the fireplace stroking a sleeping lap puppy] We're sorry. [sitting in a prairie holding a dandelion] We're sorry. [blows the seeds off the dandelion stem. Next, he's in bed looking up somewhat seductively] Sohr-ry."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Jack Brolin's mansion, day. Captain Hindsight is at his desk looking glum."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,[appears] Captain Hindsight! Sir! Calls for help are pouring in! You've got to get out to the Gulf!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,I can't help anyone right now! Something came up.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"What, sir? You know you can tell me."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,Do you remember last week when I... got really really drunk?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,Yes sir.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"Look at those photos on the desk. [the butler walks up to the desk and looks at the photos. The first one is Butters as Courtney Love posing for the camera and the homeless man standing on a stool behind him naked, with Hindsight's face photoshopped onto him. Next, it's Butters on the stool with the homeless man standing behind him. Next, it's Butters posing for the camera and standing on the homeless man's back]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"My God, is that you and... Courtney Love?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,'Course it's Courtney Love!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,But when did you have a-
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,"I don't remember! That's just the point! I get drunk, I don't remember things! I shouldn't have drank that much, and I shouldn't have mixed alcohols! Alcohol shouldn't be legal! Oh it's maddening!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,"That doesn't matter now, sir! People are getting hurt in the Gulf and they need to know what they could've done!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Captain Hindsight,I should have never kept that bottle of Macallan in the pantry! I should have never gotten around Courtney Love and a camera. I should-
Coon 2: Hindsight,Butler,Sir! SIR!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Another BP Crisis special report, continued"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"Creatures from another dimension continue to wreak havoc in the Gulf, and the question everyone is asking is, ""Where is Captain Hindsight?"""
Coon 2: Hindsight,Rescuer 6,"Where are you, Captain Hindsight?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cajun Shrimp Merchant,Where are d'you countih ninety-oh bebbly now is showmesitchcum.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"With Captain Hindsight missing, what superheroes can save the Gulf now?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,Coon Headquarters. The Coon has his friends gathered around his Coon table. His smear campaign is a complete success
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"My fellow superheroes, I have done it. Hindsight is taken care of. And now the country can finally be made aware of Coon and Friends!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,There's more important things to discuss right now!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Right, Toolshed. Now, how do we deal with these creatures from another dimension?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,He means we need to discuss things with you!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Okay, what?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,"Aw, I don't wanna tell him. TupperWear, you tell him!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,TupperWear,I don't wanna tell him either.
Coon 2: Hindsight,The Human Kite,"I'll tell him. Coon, I'm sorry, but we're kicking you out of Coon and Friends."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,You're kicking me out of Coon and Friends.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Toolshed,"We all voted, it was unanimous."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"You can't kick me out of Coon and Friends, I'm the fucking Coon!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,The Human Kite,"Look, we just believe that you have your goals and ways of doing things and they conflict with what we want to accomplish."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,But we get the headquarters and all the equipment.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,You don't keep anything! This is my basement and I'll tell my mom on you guys!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,We've already discussed this with her. Mrs. Cartman? [she walks in and approaches Mysterion]
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Yes, Mysterion?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Mysterion,Please escort the Coon out of our secret base.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"[takes Coon away from the table and up the stairs] Eric, I talked to you about beating up your friends, didn't I?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,"Mom, what the fuck?! The fuck are you doing?!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"upstairs. Liane takes Coon out of the basement and shuts the door. Coon tries to get back in, but can't"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Liane,"Eric, you do not beat up your friends! And I told you I've had it with your language! [crosses her arms] Your punishment is that your friends will just play superheroes without you! Go to your room!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Coon,[incredulous] You've gotta be fucking kidding me!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"The DP boardroom, day."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 1,"Oh dear, we have certainly pooped our trousers this time!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"Yes, I'm afraid it's going to take more than another ""I'm sorry"" campaign to please everyone this time."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 2,"Oh, what a right pickle we're in. [a flying creature floats up past the windows carrying a screaming man]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 3,"There is no way to cut the dimensional portal, I'm afraid. The ocean currents and swells are simply too much to get any machines in."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"Wait a tick! [rises] Currents and swells, that's it! I think I know how to fix this!"
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 4,"How, by Jove?"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,We drill.
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executives,"Drill of course, yes, yes, of course."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"I believe that if we drill on the moon, changing its gravitational pull on our ocean swells, we could cut the dimensional spill."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 5,I don't quite get it.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"We got into this mess by drilling heuh [the Gulf of Mexico], and heuh [somewhere in Peru]. Now, we need to drill heuh! [draws a drill bit entering the moon]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 6,That looks extremely promising!
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"Our environment should stabilize if it's getting drilled here, here, and here at the same time."
Coon 2: Hindsight,DP Executive 6,The seismic forces will be massive. Do you think the moon can take it?
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[arms crossed] Oh, she'll take it."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"A launch pad, day. A DP rocket takes off"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,The moon. DP's newest rig is now up and running as DP astronauts spread out from the rig. Nearby are the bodies of Willzy-x and Tom Cruise
Coon 2: Hindsight,Anchor Man,The DP Oil Company today drilled into the moon and appears to have caused even greater problems.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,"Uh oh, I have a feeling we'd better get into our costumes again, guys."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,News 4 Breaking News: DP unleashes Cthulhu
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"Tom, the DP Oil Company has had another drilling accident. [Cthulhu appears looming over the oil rig in the Gulf] This time they appear to have unleashed the dark and mighty Cthulhu. [Cthulhu swats a helicopter down with just a gentle wave of his right arm] The rise of Cthulhu from another dimension brings about three thousand years of darkness, Tom, where we will all be driven to madness and made to service Cthulhu's cult as slaves. The president of DP Oil released this press statement:"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Tony Hayward,"[a soft acoustic guitar begins to play. First, Hayward is at his ranch looking at some horses. He turns around and faces the camera] As president of DP Oil, I want to say... We're sorry. [in the bathroom shaving] I'm deeply sorry. [naked on a bear rug before a fireplace, his butt cheeks rosy-red] Sorry."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Reporter,"Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Praise the dark Cthulhu, long may he reign."
Coon 2: Hindsight,Stan,"It's up to us, guys. Let's get to the Gulf! [the seven suit up and leave the house. Mysterion goes to the camera and covers it with his cape]"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Cartman is dressed as the Coon and stands in the window looking out over the backyard"
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,[voice over] Darkness has taken over our town. The Coon and Friends have given in to evil. It's up to the Coon to stop them.
Coon 2: Hindsight,Cartman,Asshoooles! [leaps out of window]
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,VCI Goes A Bg on it then A comic book appears from Komik Faktory Press. Mysterion. The cover has him dropping down from the sky ready for action. Mysterion's voice is heard
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"I am Mysterion. Though only nine years old, I dedicate my life to helping people - when I'm not in school. [the book opens to a random page. On that page he is defeating Professor Chaos] For months now I've been protecting my town from crime. But now, something has happened that even I cannot fight alone. [a picture of the oil rig, updating every few seconds to show the spread of the oil slick] The BP Oil Company has drilled and caused a spill in the Gulf like no other. The President of BP apologized."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[on the rig] We're sorry.
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"But they drilled again, and tore open a portal into another dimension."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"[in the field, reclining for the camera] We're sorry. [some pages flip over and various creatures are shown]"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Creatures from that dimension are now wreaking havoc in the Gulf. BP tried to solve the problem by drilling on the moon, but instead they caused the dark lord Cthulhu to emerge."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"[on the bear rug by the fireplace, naked, on his belly] Sorry. [next page has the Coon and Friends as they burst forth from headquarters. Mosquito and Human Kite are shown flying.]"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"I have joined forces with other superheroes in my neighborhood to help save the Gulf. But even the other heroes do not know that unlike them, I do have a power. A power they will now begin to understand. And all will know who and what I truly am! [a swarm of ?'s flies around the screen, and the name of the episode appears]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Food for Little, day. The little superheroes are at two tables selling lemon bars. Five for $3"
Mysterion Rises,Woman 1,Just terrific what you boys are doing.
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Thank you, ma'am."
Mysterion Rises,Man 1,"[holding some bars] I'll take twenty lemon bars, you little rascals."
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"A terrific human interest story here, Tom. As America wonders what happened to Captain Hindsight, some Colorado kids are being a little ""superhuman"" themselves. They call themselves ""Coon and Friends,"" and they've been baking and selling lemon bars to help aid those affected in the Gulf crisis."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,We believe that every little bit helps.
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"Their little ""super club"" consists of seven young heroes. [the boys each strike a pose as they announce themselves]"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,Toolshed!
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,The Human Kite!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Mysterion!
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,TupperWear!
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,Mosquito!
Mysterion Rises,Iron Maiden,Timmah!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mint Berry Crrrunch! [twirls around]
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"The boys stated that there used to also be a hero named The Coon actually in the group, but they let him go because he was being quote, [reads from his cue card] ""a dick""."
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Mysterion, if Cartman's gone, why are we still calling ourselves Coon and Friends?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Because it pisses Cartman off beyond belief, and I find that [chuckles] extremely funny."
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,An airport lobby. Cartman awaits his flight with several other people. The group is waiting at Gate 34.
Mysterion Rises,Clerk,"Passengers waiting for flight 73 to New Orleans, we thank you for your patience, but the conditions in the Gulf are still delaying our departure. Unfortunately, we've just been informed that the dark lord Cthulhu has shat on the runway at the New Orleans airport, and we'll be delayed at least another hour."
Mysterion Rises,Passengers,Awwww!
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Come on, people! Some of us need to get to New Orleans NOW! [the other passengers look at him] Yes yes, I am the Coon."
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,The Coon? I've heard of that.
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Ya have?
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,I saw on TV. That superhero group that's helping with the Gulf spill. Coon and Friends.
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Actually, I'm no longer with Coon and Friends. I work on my own now."
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,Can I ask you a question?
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Yes, of course."
Mysterion Rises,Blonde Girl,"Do you know Mint-Berry Crunch? What's he like? [Coon glares at her and then punches her out of her seat. He then pounces on her and begins to beat her up. A man comes to pull Coon off the girl, and she gets to punch him back. In comic book form, the man says ""That's it, Coon!"" while others cheer, ""GO COON!""]"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"[explains what's happening in the panels. He imagines her as bigger than him] The evil girl villain fought with all her might, but the Coon was too much for her. As people looked on and cheered for the Coon, he clawed and punched the villain's stupid fat face! [""TAKE THAT YOU EVIL BITCH""] This fight would not be the last the Coon fought. Next stop: New Orleans!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Food for Little, day. The little superheroes are at two tables selling lemon bars, but there are a few bars left."
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"That's almost it, superheroes. We're about out of lemon bars."
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Well then, perhaps we should return to our secret base and bake some more!"
Mysterion Rises,Iron Maiden,Timmah! [a man with a creepy fixed grin approaches them]
Mysterion Rises,Man 2,I'll take ten lemon bars.
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,Ten. Yes sir! [takes the man's cash and gives him the remaining bars]
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,That's definitely the last of them.
Mysterion Rises,Man 2,"You'll never stop him, you know. [Mosquito and Mint-Berry Crunch look at each other in foreboding music]"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,Stop who?
Mysterion Rises,Man 2,"The Great One. [his head sways back and forth as he speaks] Cthulhu. He has risen, and soon all will be under his rule. It has all been foretold in the Necronomicon. [takes his bars, turns around and walks away. He looks back briefly] Hail Cthulhu! The darkness of the mythos is finally here. [samples one of the bars] Oh man, these are really good lemon bars. [turns around and goes to his car]"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,The Necronomicon?
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,What's a mythos?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"I don't know, but I think we'd better find out."
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"All right, superheroes. Back to our secret base!"
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mint-Berry Crrunch!
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends secret base, former Coon headquarters, Cartman's basement. The superheroes rush in to find it in ruins"
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,What the hell?!
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,I knew it! Cartman tore our base up!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Not Cartman.
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"What do you mean ""Not Cartman,"" dude?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Whoever did this to our base was looking for something.
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[silhouette, holding a gun] Don't anybody move! [comes into the light, drunk] So you're the superheroes trying to blackmail me!"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Aw, dude, it's Captain Hindsight."
Mysterion Rises,Narrator,"Captain Hindsight, [the captain takes a sip of Macallan] the hero of the modern age. Once a reporter for the National News, Jack Brolin always had a knack for hindsight. [""Perhaps they should have called the police sooner""] Wanting to become the best-known reporter in the country, Jack tried an experiment to boost his hindsight levels. But then a freakish accident occurred when a retroactive spider got into the equipment. The reporter's hindsight was blasted to superhuman levels! [""It's too much!"" He holds his head together. ""I shouldn't have done that!""] For months he was able to use his new powers for good, fighting for peace, and the American way. [a panel shows him helping firefighters] With his three trusty companions, Shoulda, Coulda, and Woulda. [three creatures with only hind legs and lower lips thrust out] But now, the Hindsight that has saved so many threatens to consume Jack's very soul. It's Captaiiin Hindsight!"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,I shoulda never mixed vodka and Jack Daniels. I shoulda just gone to bed last night!
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Um dude, are you okay?"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,[cocks and aims his pistol at the boys] Where are the pictures?! Give every copy of the pictures to me NOW!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,"P-p-please sir, w-we don't know what you mean."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,[whips out the pictures mailed to him] You got pictures of me having sex with Courtney Love!
Mysterion Rises,Professor Chaos,Uhhh ohhh...
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Chaos! Why did you take those pictures?!
Mysterion Rises,Professor Chaos,"But uh, but, but the Coon said if I took the pictures he, he'd let me go home and, and I've missed four days of school now 'cause I've been-"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,Alright enough! What's going on?!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Hindsight, that isn't Courtney Love! Our former member, the Coon, tricked you!"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,It's not Courtney Love?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Please sir, put down the gun."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,No! What if I put down the gun and realize I shouldn't have?!
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Look dude, we don't need to play Superhero anymore. We can just go home."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,NO! Because I could realize I shoulda killed you all!
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Then do it! [walks right up to the pistol and places himself at the end of the barrel] Pull the trigger, Hindsight! If you don't believe us then you don't have a choice! Pull the trigger, you pussy!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Dude, Kenny, ch-chill out."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,You guys go! I'll deal with this prick!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,"[the first up the stairs] Wuh uh okay, if you insist. Uh see ya, Kenny."
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"My mom did tell me I had to be home by five, I-"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,I said it's fine! Just go! [the other boys leave]
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"[stops] Uh, text me later, Kenny, if you wanna, like, play basketball or somethin'. [leaves]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"The Gulf. Cthulhu is tearing the piers apart. He takes a tilt-a-whirl and throws it at the fleeing crowd. The Coon climbs up the side of a roller coaster as burning pieces of it fall down past him. Soon the beach is clear of sunbathers and Coon reaches the top of the coaster. He runs along the tracks, jumping over any breaks. He runs to the end of the track, where the rest of it is missing, and looks at the dark lord"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Cthulhu! Cthulhu, dude! Over here! [Cthulhu turns around and looks at Coon] Hey Cthulhu. 'Sup? Yes, it is me, the Coon! But don't worry, I'm actually not here to fight you! We are not so different, Cthulhu. Though I am a superhero and you are a dark god from another dimension, perhaps, we can work together! [Cthulhu looks around] I know how it feels to want to take over and rule the earth and have everyone else be your slaves. I do, bro! But there's a group of superhumans who are going to stop at nothing to stop YOU! [Cthulhu leans towards Coon at eye-level] Good, I have your attention. The superhumans I speak of are right now working on plans to destroy you! They reside in Colorado and they are fucking assholes, and they all deserve to be sent into a dark oblivion! You can do that, right? Send people into a dark oblivion? 'Cause that's what those buttholes deserve! [Cthulhu withdraws and walks away] No-Dude! Dude, Colorado is that way! Where are you going?? [runs back down the track] Goddammit, why don't dark lords fuckin' listen?!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends secret base. Mysterion and Hindsight remain, Hindsight sways, intoxicated"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"It doesn't matter. [takes a swig of Macallan] Even if the pictures are fake. I can't take it anymore. [turns away] Do you have any idea what a curse it is to have perfect 20/20 hindsight? [takes another swig] As soon as something bad happens, I immediately know how it could have been avoided. I can't take it anymore!"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"People need you, Hindsight! [Hindsight takes a swig of Macallan] Without you they feel helpless and stupid."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"Well I don't want the power anymore, alright?!"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"You think your power's a curse?! Let me tell you something about curses, buttlicker! [turns around. Hindsight, curious, turns to face him] Because there's some superpowers that make yours look like nothing! Trust me, I know."
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,Wha-? What is your power?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"[turns around] I can't die. [pauses] I've experienced death, countless times. Sometimes I see a bright light. Sometimes I see heaven. Or hell. But eventually, no matter what, I wake up in my bed, wearing my same old clothes. [turns away] And the worst part? Nobody even remembers me dying. I go to school the next day, and everyone is just like, ""Oh hey Kenny."" Even if they had seen me get decapitated with their own eyes. [faces Hindsight] You wanna whine about curses, Hindsight? You're talking to the wrong fucking cowboy."
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,Commercial
Mysterion Rises,Announcer,"And now, a special announcement from the president of BP and DP."
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"Hello, I'm Tony Hayward. The tragic spill in the Gulf is a disaster that should have never happened. And as head of the oil company responsible, I would like to say, what should I do? [looks at the camera to his left] Should I admit we've made mistakes? [the spill is shown again] Should I remind you we've done this before? What should I do? Should I find newer and better ways to say I'm sorry? [Jumps out of a giant three-tiered BP cake with stars on his nipples: ""We're sorry.""]"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[at a podium] Should I really believe I ruined my legacy? [behind him is a large banner that reads ""Captain Hindsight""] What should I do?"
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[voice-over] What should I do?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,[voice-over] What should I do? [shown getting a massage] Should I forget about the past and not care about my powers?
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,"Or should I tell you, ""I am not a role model."" [winks]"
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[on the steps in the alley side of a building drinking Macallan] Seriously, what should I do?"
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[in Western Outlaw getup] Should I accept my role as the villain?
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,[in a familiar alley] Maybe I should just... disappear.
Mysterion Rises,Tony Hayward,[at the rig inspecting the blueprints] Should I not have listened to my technicians who said a spill wouldn't happen? They're my technicians! [blinks twice]
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,"[on a darkened basketball court] Hindsight's a bitch, isn't it?"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,[thinking on the roller coaster track] Should I just apologize to my friends and ask them to take me back? Tell then that I was being a selfish jerk? [aloud] What should I do?
Mysterion Rises,Captain Hindsight,[in the chair that gave him his superpower] Should I get back in the chair? Remove my powers and just go back to being a simple reporter? [activates the chair]
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"[thinking on the roller coaster track] Should I admit I was wrong? Ask for everyone's forgiveness and go back to my original team? [aloud] Nah, screw that. I'm just gonna keep bein' a fuckin' dick! [jumps off the track]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Clyde's bedroom. Coon and Friends are at a desk, with Human Kite typing away on a computer keyboard"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"All right, superheroes, we've got to find out more about this Necronomicon thing!"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"Right, Toolshed!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Here we go: ""The Necronomicon contains an account of the Old Ones, their history, and the means for summoning them."""
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"""It is used by cults around the world, most notably the Cult of Cthulhu."""
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,"Aha! That's the cult the creepy man talked about, heroes. Uh, you okay, Mysterion?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"[away from the group, in deep thought] I'm fine."
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Ten arrested in South Park for cultish activity. This is from like, ten years ago."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,So these people have been waiting for Cthulhu a long time.
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Hey wait a minute. Dude. Mysterion, it's your parents."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"Uhh, what? [goes to see. He looks at the screen and his expression changes to one of dismay. His parents are pictured getting arrested along with the creepy man and Mr. Adler, shop teacher, among others. In his normal voice] What the fuck?! I m-I mean, [going into his superhero voice] Uh, I mean, what the fuck?! [takes over as Human Kite leaves the chair]"
Mysterion Rises,Betsy,"[knocks on the door] Clyde? Clyde, I told you this morning to take the garbage out. [Betsy knocks some more. Mosquito, Human Kite, and Mint-Berry Crunch look at each other] Clyde, do you hear me?"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"[pulls his vuvuzela off his face] Okay Mom, just give me two minutes. [puts it back on] Nag nag nag. [buzzes a bit]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"More comic book pages appear, this time with Coon on them"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Convincing a giant creature from another dimension to do what you want is no easy task. After days of killing and conquering, Cthulhu is at rest. Now is my chance to make a move. Perhaps last time I was too forceful with the dark god. Too demanding. To get what it wants, sometimes a coon must be on the attack and vicious. [a raccoon is shown aiming to grab a sandwich from someone's left hand] But sometimes a coon must be cuddly and cute. [the same raccoon is shown sitting on its hind legs begging for the sandwich] Time for me to try and manipulate the most evil thing in all the universe. [as Cthulhu sleeps, Coon gets on its belly and giggles, then pats its belly. Cthulhu makes some sounds, then goes back to sleep] Who's the sleepy little man? [pats its belly again. This time Cthulhu sneezes and blows Coon off. Cthulhu licks his lips and goes back to sleep. Coon, undaunted, climbs right back on its belly. Giggling, he scoots closer. Cthulhu opens its eyes. Cartman smiles broadly] My name is the Little Coon. What is your name? [Cthulhu moans a bit, then open its mouth wide and roars. Coon struggles to stay on this time. When Cthulhu closes its mouth, Coon mimics him] Craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! [Cthulhu opens its eyes wide as Coon giggles. Cthulhu moans] You're a sleepy man ne, Cthulhu? [scratches Cthulhu's belly] Who's a needs a tummy rub? [Cthulhu makes moans happily]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,The McCormicks' bedroom. Stuart smokes a joint while his wife looks on. He coughs
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"You're hoggin' it all, asshole! [she reaches for it, but he keeps it away]"
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"'Cause I paid for it, you stupid bitch!"
Mysterion Rises,Carol,[she keeps reaching for it] You paid for it with the money I made washing dishes at the Olive Garden!
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,[pushes her off] I told you to shut up!
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"[punches him] Give to me, you prick! [they fight over the joint, suddenly realizing Mysterion is at their window watching them] AH! AAAAH! [both of them fall off the bed and then peer up from the side] Oh God he's back! It's that mystery kid again!"
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Uh what the hell do you want this time? Hey look, w-we did what you told us! W-w-we treat our kids better and we don't beat each other up as much."
Mysterion Rises,Carol,And we gave our sons allowances and stopped gettin' high every night. [Stuart realizes he's still holding the joint and chucks it away]
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,I'm not here about that.
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Oh. Uhuh, sss-so now what?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Ten years ago you were arrested for being in some kind of cult.
Mysterion Rises,Carol,[looks at Stuart] We were?
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"We've been arrested lots of times, Mysterio."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Mysterion. What is the Cult of Cthulhu?! [the parents look at each other]
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Oh, that thing. Nooo, we weren't in that stupid group. They just used to offer free beer at their meetings, so we would go."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,What happened at those meetings?
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,"Trust us, we don't remember. Uh uh, I know it sounds hard to believe, but we were actually really drunk the entire time."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,I don't find that hard to believe at all.
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"I swear, we haven't been back to their meetings ever since, even though we always still get invited."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,These people still meet? Where?
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,Where they always did. Jim McElroy's house.
Mysterion Rises,Carol,"They used to meet every Friday night. I think they still do. [and with that, Mysterion vanishes. The window remains open, but no one is in it. Carol gets back on the bed. Stuart gets the joint back, sits next to her, and lights the joint] Did that really just happen?"
Mysterion Rises,Stuart,I don't think so. [takes a drag]
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,A news report
Mysterion Rises,Field Reporter,"Breaking news here in the Gulf, Tom. The dark ancient god Cthulhu has called for a press conference, The Old One told reporters in a statement released this morning that it has extremely exciting news."
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Ladies and Gentlemen, today we are pleased to announce the successful merger of Cthulhu, and the Coon. Cthulhu's track record for complete dominance and interdimensionary rule is without question. And now, coupled with the legitimacy and instantly recognizable brand name of The Coon, we intend to bring change and fight injustice. As the all-new Coon and Friends. And anybody else using that name for their benefit is breaking the law! Oh, what's that? There is another group using our trademarked name? Well, I guess we have a right to banish them to a dark oblivion, don't we?!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"Jim McElroy's house, night. In the basement a robed man leads a group of cult followers in prayer"
Mysterion Rises,Followers,ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"The Old One has awakened! [draws back his hood; it's the creepy man, or Man 2, from earlier] A lot of us have waited a long time for this day. Well for all our South Park Cthulhu members old and new, it is time to par-tay! [lukewarm response. Outside, Coon and Friends watch from a low window]"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,There must be clubs like this all over the world.
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"We know some of these people. There's Mr. Adler, from shop class. And those two geeky computer guys."
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"Oh my God, look! Back row. Aren't those the Goth kids?"
Mysterion Rises,Pete,I'm so freaking stoked that Cthulhu is gonna squash all the happy-go-lucky conformists.
Mysterion Rises,Michael,Yeah. I just hope he puts an end to the fucking Disney Channel.
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Dude, why would the Goth kids worship Cthulhu?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,Makes sense. Unrelenting despair and a thousand years of darkness sounds pretty goth.
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"Now let us read from the Necronomicon. ""That is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons"""
Mysterion Rises,Followers,"""Even Death may die."" [the boys turn away from the window]"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"""In strange aeons even Death may die?"" What does that mean, Human Kite?"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"I'm not sure, Toolshed. Could it be a riddle, Mysterion? M-! Mysterion? [Mysterion is gone]"
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mysterion is sooo... mysterious.
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,News report. Jack Brolin reporting. He looks familiar...
Mysterion Rises,Jack Brolin,"A horrific scene of destruction, despair and terror here in New Orleans. And still there's no sign of Captain Hindsight. Rumor has it he got sick of it all, went back to his chair, and removed all his powers."
Mysterion Rises,Injured Man,"[in the background, walking by with his left hand over his injured right upper arm] Where are you Captain Hindsight? Aggh!"
Mysterion Rises,Jack Brolin,Perhaps... he shouldn't have gotten back in that chair...
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,An alley in South Park. The Goth kids enter
Mysterion Rises,Pete,[kicks a can aside] Do you think the dark lord Cthulhu is gonna make us go to school?
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"No, assmunch. Cthulhu just wants chaos, bedlam, and madness."
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"Good, because if I have to go to PE class again, I was gonna kill myself. [they notice Mysterion looking at them from the edge of a roof] Who the F'n H is that?"
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,"[jumps off the roof and lands on the alley floor, on one knee] What does it mean? ""That is not dead which can eternal lie""?"
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"[takes a drag of his joint] ""And with strange aeons even Death may die."""
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,What does it mean?!
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"It means Cthulhu is gonna get rid of all the posers and make everything cool and black and stuff. It's gonna be like, a Nine Inch Nails concert that goes on forever."
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"Yeah, so go home and put your underwear back inside your pants, poser."
Mysterion Rises,Mysterion,[rises and walks towards them] You're going to tell me everything you know!
Mysterion Rises,Firkle,"[pulls out a switch blade and opens it] Nobody's stopping Cthulhu now! All will be sadness. Life will become death, and I will watch the crimson blood leak from your neck."
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"Dude, that little kid is hardcore goth."
Mysterion Rises,Pete,Hardcore goth.
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"[he and Nelson appear behind Mysterion, who turns around] The child is right, you know. Cthulhu sees all, hears all. The dark lord wants us to dispense of this one, kids. Give us a hand."
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"Whaaat? Dude, I don't wanna kill anybody."
Mysterion Rises,Michael,"We're dark lord minions now, wuss. What'd you think we'd be doing?"
Mysterion Rises,Pete,"Ugh, whatevs. [Mysterion is stuck between the two advancing cult members and the Goth kids.]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,"The Gulf sky, dark and stormy. Coon rides on Cthulhu. Upbeat music plays"
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"Cthulhu Cthulhu, Cthulhu Cthulhu."
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Yeeheah!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"The evil hate-filled Cthulhu, from a dimension far away.Flying through gates of madness and into your heart"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Yeah, fuck all o'you!"
Mysterion Rises,Singer,Turning dreams into nightmares
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Lick my balls!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,Destroying all he sees
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Now begins a new adventure for... MEEEE!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"You and the dark one, Cthulhu Sharing adventures and smiles, It's a magical bond two pals can share. Soon the whole world will be made aware of You and the death lord, Cthulhu Makin' the world a better place. Together you will have so much fun"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,Sending all my stupid friends to oblivion!
Mysterion Rises,Singer,"You and the dark one, Cthulhu"
Mysterion Rises,Coon,"Suck it, bitches!"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,The alley. There is no escape
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,"Just hold still and it will all be over quickly. [a buzzing sound is heard, and all look to see who it is]"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"Let him go! [he's on the roof of a building] Coon and Friends, ho! Mosquito!"
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,Toolshed!
Mysterion Rises,TupperWear,TupperWear!
Mysterion Rises,Iron Maiden,[behind the Goth kids] Timmeh!
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,Human Kite!
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,[behind the cult members] Mint-Berry Crrrunch!
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Let him go, dude, or else we'll totally tell our parents on you!"
Mysterion Rises,Cult Leader,Sorry kids. It's a little late for that. [takes the switchblade from the Kindergoth and stabs Mysterion with it. The cult members and the Goth kids disperse as Mysterion coughs and stumbles. Mysterion stops and then falls flat on his back]
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Oh my God. Oh my God, they- they killed Kenny!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,"You bastards! [a pool of blood appears under Kenny when someone knocks on a door somewhere. All of a sudden, Kenny is back in his room, in bed, in his same old clothes. More knocking]"
Mysterion Rises,Scene Description,Kenny's room
Mysterion Rises,Toolshed,"Dude, Kenny, what'd you run away for?! We've gotta fight these guys!"
Mysterion Rises,Mosquito,"Yeah, come on, get your costume on, lazy-ass!"
Mysterion Rises,Human Kite,[jumps in the air] Let's go. [the boys move on]
Mysterion Rises,Mint-Berry Crunch,Mint-Berry Crunch! [Kenny sighs]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"A new comic book. The speech bubbles give the hero away: this comic book is about Mintberry Crunch. On the page, two villains run from the flying half-man half-berry"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Sit back, justice believers, and listen to another edition of America's favorite superhero, Mintberry Crunch! [The camera pulls out to reveal the whole page, which is a cover of ""the AMAZING MINTBERRY CRUNCH""] Our story begins in a remote corner of the Gulf of Mexico. [a graphic of the BP oil rig is shown] The BP Oil Company drills into the ocean floor, [a graphic of a fire destroying the rig] but they drill too much, and the BP Oil Company accidentally unleashes Cthulhu, an ancient evil god from another dimension. Halfway across the country, [Coon & Friends in their normal outfit are shown, with Bradley as the leader instead of Stan] a mild-mannered attractive fourth-grader, Bradley Biggle, hears of the disaster on the news while with his friends. [the page flips over and Bradley is shown transforming] But Bradley Biggle is no ordinary fourth-grader! Not long ago, he realized he had superpowers he could call upon by turning in place and saying the magic word, ""Shablagoo!"" And in a flash, Bradley is transformed into the thrilling superhero, Mintberry Crunch! Joined by the other Coon Friends, Mintberry Crunch went to investigate the Gulf spill crisis! The superheroes came across a cult, in existence for years, that had been waiting for Cthulhu's arrival. They are the key to stopping Cthulhu from taking over the world! Sometimes, when everything seems hopeless, that's when you need to bring it all. [Mintberry Crunch stands at the corner of a roof in a heroic pose] That's when you need... to bring the Crr-runch!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Coon and Friends Secret Base. The Friends are there listening to Mintberry Crunch
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"[after a few seconds of silence] Dude, I'm sorry, but we still aren't getting it. You're half man and half berry?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Rrright!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,But then what exactly is your superpower?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,The power of mint and berries yet with a satisfying tasty crunch!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"...Nah, see, that's the problem dude, that's not really a superpower. Like, I have mental command over all power tools, Human Kite can fly-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,nd shoot lasers out of my eyes.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"And shoot lasers out of his eyes. And Mysterion can... [pauses and looks over at Mysterion.] Wait, what's your superpower Mysterion?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,[with his back to the group] I can't die!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"...Oh yeah, good one. Mysterion can't die, and Iron Maiden is indestructible-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"No, Stan, I'm being serious! I really, really can't die!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,...Woo-hat?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"[turns to face them] Like last night, in the alley, the cult leader stabbed me and I bled all over the place! And you screamed ""Oh my God,"" and you called him a bastard!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"[arms down and out, palms out] When was that?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,All the time! I die all the time! And you assholes NEVER REMEMBER!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"...Ah I think we would remember you dying, dude."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Well you don't! I die over. And over! Only to wake up in my bed like nothing happened!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"[notices Mintberry Crunch] Dude, you're freaking out Mintberry Crunch. He's peed his pants. [Mintberry Crunch notices that he has indeed peed his pants and covers his groin quickly]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Nono. Mintberry Crunch doesn't ever pee his pants!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,[turns away] I knew there'd be no point in telling you guys.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"[approaches him] Alright. dude, let, let's just say you're not crazy and it's true. What's the big deal? I mean, I think it'd be pretty cool not to be able to die."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,[confronts him] Pretty cool?! Do you know what it feels like to be stabbed?! To be shot?! Decapitated?! Torn apart?! Burned?! Run over?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Kenny Kenny, calm down."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"It's not pretty cool, Kyle! It fuckin' hurts! And it won't go away, and nobody will believe me! [walks away, then turns around] Remember this time! Try and fuckin' remember! [pulls out a gun and shoots himself in the head]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Oh my God! Holy shit, dude!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Dude!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Is he? Oh Jesus! [flees up the stairs and out of the basement]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,[draws closer] Kenny? No! No!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"The Coon comic book. On the cover, Cartman carries an American flag while Cthulhu stands behind him wearing a Coon and Friends shirt. The story unfolds with a few embellishments in the design of the secret base"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Gather around, believers in good, and listen to the newest installment of The Coon. It all began when the BP Oil Company drilled into the ocean floor and ripped open a hole into another dimension. Seeing the disaster on Coon-Vision, the Coon immediately called together his trusty Coon Friends. As the Coon explained how the disaster could be stopped, something terrible happened. Without warning, the Coon friends changed. Their superpowers morphed somehow, turning them into... supervillains. [the friends are depicted with evil grins] The Coon tried to reason with them, tried to bring them back to the side of good, [""Heroes must be good. Go with Christ!""] but it was too late. [Human Kite: ""GET OUT!!!"" Mysterion: ""WE ARE EVIL NOW!""] Their black hearts had been tainted by hate and rage. The Coon was alone, turn by the ultimate dilemma. [Coon is shown sitting on Lincoln's shoulder at the Lincoln Memorial] He had to put a stop to the evil villains, even though they had once been his friends. Sometimes, to fight the ultimate evil, you must make friends with enemies. [Coon is showing looking at Cthulhu] The Coon teamed up with Cthulhu, because even Cthulhu knows what evil assholes Kyle and Stan and those guys are! And that they are manipulative, uncaring, vagina faces! They're all planning to destroy the world. Only one thing can stop them: the Coon. With Cthulhu's help, I can try to banish them to a dark oblivion, for all eternity. [the Friends are shown surrounding a glowing globe of Earth with evil grins on their faces] I will not rest until that happens."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's street, day. Cartman is walking home and approaches the front door"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Bab-ay, I know you're askin' me to stay Say ""Please please please don't go away."" You say I'm givin' you the blues. [enters the house] Mayb-ay, you mean every word you say Can't help but think-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,[confronts him with her arms crossed over her chest] Eric Cartman!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Hi Mom.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"Where have you been, young man?!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Just doin' stuff Mom. Are my friends downstairs in the secret base?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"Yes they are, but you were supposed to be grounded in your room! And now you're more grounded, young man!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[turns around and thinks hard, to himself] The Coon's mother appears to be extremely upset. In order to get past her, I must use the LeBron James technique."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"Eric, are you listening to me?!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,[faces Liane] Mom... what should I do?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,[disarmed] What?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,What should I do? Should I admit I made mistakes? Should I say I've done this before? Should I write a song about how I should have stayed in my room? What should I do?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"What do you mean ""what should-"""
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Should I say I am not a role model? Should I not listen to my conscience? It's my conscience, Mom! What should I do? Go back to my room and pretend nothing happened? Not jump out the window and fly to New Orleans? What should I do, Ma? Tell me!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Liane,"[overwhelmed] I just, I- I'm gonna go make you kids some lemonade. [runs off to the kitchen]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Coon and Friends Secret Base. The Friends are at the table
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Alright Coon and Friends, what good deed should we do next?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,Perhaps we should make more lemon bars to raise money for people in need.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,TupperWear,Okay!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"You guys have no memory of me shooting myself in the head, do you?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Uh-what?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,What we need to do is talk to people in that cult! I wanna know where my powers come from.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Yeah cool let's talk about where our powers come from.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,I was bitten by a radioactive mosquito! Bzzzzzzt.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,TupperWear,"I was in a car accident, then put back together with Tupperware parts."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Iron Maiden,Tih-Timmieh!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,iill you guys listen to me?! I actually have a power that I actually want to know about!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[appearing on the basement stairs] Hey guys. [the Friends look at him] So, what's goin' on?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Go away Cartman. We kicked you out of Coon and Friends, remember?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"No, I, I know. That's cool, I understand. Even though I started it and the secret base is in my house. Yes, that's totally understandable."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"You just wanted to frame and blackmail people, then you beat up Clyde and Bradley for no reason!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"No you're right. For no reason. Clearly something is wrong with me. But you guys, what should I do?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"You should fuck off, that's what you should do."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[sees the LeBron James technique isn't working] Hm. Ah, all right, look. You guys were totally right, okay? That's all I wanted to say. That and... there's a double rainbow outside."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,A what?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Double rainbow, you guys. You don't see 'em often, but there's one outside right now. You've gotta come see! [rushes up the stairs and out of the secret base]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,A double rainbow? Shablagoo! [the heroes all leave their seats]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Wait, Mintberry Crunch ya you might not wanna go- [goes up the stairs with the others]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Professor Chaos,"Huhey, can I see the double rainbow, fellas? [softly] Uh, fellas?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, front lawn, day. Coon leads the friends out"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Isn't it beautiful you guys?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"There's no double rainbow, fatass!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"You are correct, Human Kike! Not that supervillains like you guys could ever see a double rainbow!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,What are you talking about?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Your evil-doing days are over, Mosquito! All of you shall now be dealt the swift hand of justice!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Cartman, you are the bad guy, not us!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Nuh uh, you guys are the bad guy. [whistles. A gust of wind blows leaves at the boys, and heavy footsteps follow. Cthulhu soon stands before the Friends, who look at him in awe]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Waaaaaaaaaah! [runs off]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,What are you doing with that thing?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,He's going to help me get rid of you guys so together we can make the world a better place!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Cartman, if you team up with the most evil thing in the universe, then clearly you are the bad guy!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"No, because it's for the greater good, like when Superman teamed up with Lex Luthor!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Superman never teamed up with Lex Luthor!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[thinks it over, then crosses his arms] Well, that's why Superman isn't around anymore, isn't it? Cthulhu! Banish them to a dark oblivion, please! [Cthulhu opens his right paw and sweeps it from left to right in the air. The boys scream and become deformed, then disappear] Aww! Dude, that was awesome! You're all like ""Mehhhh"" and they were all like ""Nooo!"""
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Night. Coon and Cthulhu sit in a valley somewhere with a large city in the distance.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"All right, now, we've taken out most of the synagogues, destroyed San Francisco, sent my friends into a dark oblivion, and so our next order of business will be Burning Man. [Cthulhu roars softly] Burning Man is the biggest hippie festival in the world, and tomorrow, we're gonna wipe them all out. Pretty soon, the whole world will be transformed thanks to the Coon! [Cthulhu roars softly] Yes yes, the Coon and Friend. Now after Burning Man we'll take down Whole Foods alright? [Cthulhu repositions himself to confront Coon and roars loudly. Coon thinks] The dark lord is agitated and the LeBron James technique might not work. The Coon will have to use an even more manipulative technique. Time to bust out: Cute Kitten. [aloud] Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. [climbs up onto Cthulhu.] Meow meow meow. [digs his blades into Cthulhu's back and massages him while at the same time making a comfortable place to nap in. Cthulhu's face softens and he giggles, then looks back at Cartman sleeping on his back. Cthulhu blinks several times, then walks forward softly]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,a strange place altogether
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Dude, where the fuck are we?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"I don't know, but... I feel like... I've... been here before. [huge butterfly-like creatures pop up from behind some plants]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,a new installment of the Amazing Mintberry Crunch. He remembers things a bit differently...
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"And so, the Coon had returned with the dark lord Cthulhu! Upon seeing Cthulhu in person, Mintberry Crunch heroically dashed off, to, to save the day! With Minty coolness he hurried back home! And heroically watched Judge Judy, knowing that his superhero friends were probably just fine without him!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,the strange place. The Friends run and scream until they reach a cliff
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Oh shit!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,[panting] We aren't going that way!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,"You guys, I wanna go home."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"We all wanna go home, Clyde. I don't think we're gonna last very long out here."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,"Look, maybe we should just a place to hid and wait for help."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"What help, dude? Nobody in the real world even knows we're here."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Alright, you guys hide as long as you can. I'll try and find help. [moves away from the cliff]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"How, dude?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Kenny, where the hell are you going?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"I'm going to try to get you all out of here. If this works. Or, I could be wrong. [runs towards the cliff]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mosquito,Kenny! [Kenny jumps off the cliff and impales himself on some big spiky plants ]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Ow! That fucking HURTS! [moans a few times and dies.]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Oh my God! Kenny!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"You... you crazy bastard! [the boys turn away from the edge, seemingly forgetting their dead friend below]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Kenny's room, night. Kenny is back in his bed and wakes up. He sits up and checks himself out. Satisfied that he's alright, he jumps off the bed and goes to his closet, opens it and pulls a curtain off a hidden chest of drawers. He opens the top drawer and pulls out a Mysterion costume."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"The living room. As his parents watch TV, Kenny runs past them and out the front door."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Burning Man Festival, Black Rock City, day. Dance music pumps along"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Man 1,[on a fish-cycle] It's burning Man!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Man 2,"[dressed as an angel] Biggest party in the world, baby! [more shots of the festival are shown. It's a carnival, but a roar changes all that. Cthulhu appears and throws an RV into the festival, and everyone scatters]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[on Cthulhu's back] Fucking hippies! Fuck all o'you! [Cthulhu raises his left paw and unleashes a lightning bolt upon a girl, incinerating her and leaving nothing but bones]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter,"The dark and evil Cthulhu is bringing his angry wrath down upon the Burning Man Festival, Tom. Cthulhu isn't behaving as most scientists had speculated, Tom, but the dark lord is wreaking havoc everywhere and-"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[walks up and interrupts him] No nonono! Excuse me! It is not Cthulhu, it is Coon and Friend! I'm a little sick of everyone giving him all the credit when I'm the one really making the world a better place!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter,"Tom, it appears that Bruce Vilanch has arrived on the scene wearing a rat costume."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"[greatly insulted by the reporter's comment] Oh, you motherfucker! [runs towards Cthulhu] Cthulhu, this guy too! [Cthulhu unleashes more lightning and the reporter is incinerated] Kewl. Oh get that fire-twirling hippie bitch."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Henrietta's bedroom, night. The Goth kids are sitting around on her red throw rug. Red Goth strikes a lighter and it lights up. He then blows out the flame. Kindergoth taps his cigarette onto an ash tray."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,"This freaking sucks! We worshiped and prayed to Cthulhu, went to all the cult meetings, but life is still totally freaking gay."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,I thought that when Cthulhu rose from the dead all was gonna be darkness and pain. I thought at least school would be canceled.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,How to I fight him? [the Goth kids look at the window and see him there]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,"Oh joy, it's Underwear Boy again."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,That god you pray to just took away all my friends.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,"Not our god. He promised everything would change if we worshiped him, but we're still sitting here smoking cigarettes like before [hair flip] It's like Obama all over again."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,How do I fight him?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,"Cthulhu isn't alive or dead, alright?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Tell me what that means! [the bedroom door opens and Henrietta's mom appears]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mrs. Biggle,"Henrietta, your little brother wants to play with you."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Go away Mom, I hate you."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mrs. Biggle,"Just let your little brother play with your friends, sweetie. He's lonely. Go on in, Bradley. [Bradley appears and enters the room]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Bradley,Will you guys play with me?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Fuck off, dork! I don't want you here!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Bradley,"Please, can I just- oh g'uh! [sees Mysterion in the window] Mu-Mysterion! Wuh what's goin'- Uh, that's okay, sis. I'll play with you another time. [leaves and closes the door]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,the hallway. Bradley round the corner and walks to his room
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Bradley,Mysterion is here! He must have come for my help. [enter his room] No time to waste. Time for Bradley Biggle to transform. [opens a drawer under his nightstand and sees his costume] Shablagoo! [turns in place]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Henrietta's bedroom. As Bradley transforms, Henrietta explains to Mysterion how to fight Cthulhu. She starts with the Necronomicon"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Alright, look. The Necronomicon is an account of the Old Ones, their history, and the means for summoning them. [the first page shows a Prince Abdul Al-Kazred in 700 A.D. The next one has the prince genuflecting before an Old One.]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,One Ones?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,Dark deities that existed before man.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"It was written by a mad prince who knew of the nightmare city of R'Lyeh, which fell from the stars and exists beneath the sea. And, in another dimension."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,That's it! That's the place I just was!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Michael,You've been to the nightmare city of R'Lyeh?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Pete,Luckyyy...
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Cthulhu and other beings are from this city, but for years cultists have tried to bring them into our world."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,And what about Cthulhu's power? Why can't Old Ones die?
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,The only thing that can destroy an immortal... is another immortal. [Henrietta's door opens again and Mintberry Crunch barges into the room]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Ahaaa! Don't worry, Mysterion. Mintberry Crunch is here to help you with these black cultists!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Henrietta,"Get out of my room, TWERP!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Mintberry Crunch isn't afraid of his fat sister! Grab her legs, Mysterion! [Mysterion is gone] M- Mysterion? [the Goth kids turn to look at the window.] Aw crap. [runs out of the room]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,The street. Mysterion walks down the street briskly when Mintberry Crunch opens the front door and sees him
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Hey Mysterion, wait up! [leaves the door open] Come on, wait uuup! [catches up to him] Us Coon Friends need to stick together remember? Where are you going?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,Wherever Cthulhu is!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,What? But he'll kill you.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Maybe, but with any luck I might find the reason for my powers."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Oh right. Maybe I can find the reason for my powers too.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,You don't understand!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"[turns away from Mysterion] How was it that mint and berry came together delivering full flavor in an intense crunch? [Mysterion leaves] We must find out answers Mysterion. [turns around, but doesn't immediately see him] Mu-Mysterion, I'm going with you."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"The Coon comic book, four pages in"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"After the triumphant victory over the evil hippies of Burning Man, Coon and Friends turned their attention to the next villainous scourge, bravely taking out every Whole Foods left in the country! No more organic crap for America! Thanks to Coon and Friends the country would soon be rid of all evil, but first, they would come up against their most challenging and most evil opponent, Justin Bieber. In order to save the Earth, this little butthole had to be stopped."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,Justin Bieber concert at Staples Center
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Justin Bieber,"[grabbing his crotch constantly, and singing badly off-key] Babih babih babih oooo! Babih babih babih oooo! Babig baibig woo woo, Bay-wooo [Cthulhu reaches down and grabs him off the stage] Wooooo-ooo-oo! [Cthulhu grumbles]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Yep, that's him. So long, Justin Bieber, you little douchebag! [Cthulhu crushes Bieber between his forefinger and thumb like a grape]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter 2,"The dark god Cthulhu continues his rampage of destruction and terror, and there seems to be no hope for man. I'm joined now by a supposed team member of Cthulhu, the Coon."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"It isn't just Cthulhu, Mr. Reporter. He's merely a small piece of Coon and Friends, who will continue to fight for good and justice."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Reporter 2,Good and justice? J-Justin Bieber and most of his fans have just been massacred.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Yes, Coon and Friends are happy to help. We do not need thanks for our deeds. We do not want gifts, all we want is for people to buy our Coon and Friends T-Shirts for $14.95."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Hey, fat boy!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Kenny? What the hell? I sent you to the-
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,To the sunken city of R'Lyeh fallen from the stars! [approaches him] You little fucking prick! What is wrong with you?! What kind of sick fuck does that to his friends?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"It's not my fault you guys turned evil, Kenny!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"You are the bad guy, fat boy! YOU!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,I'm going around making the world a better place!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,For you! You're making it a better place for you!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Right, that's what superheroes do."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,No! This is what superheroes do! [walks up to Cthulhu] You banished me but I'm back! What does that make me?! [that gets Cthulhu's attention] Bring back my friends! Take me!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"[gets through the police line] Mysterion, no! What are you doing?!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"[to Mintberry Crunch] Only an immortal can kill another immortal! [to Cthulhu] Here's your prize! Take this curse away from me, you big pussy!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,[stands next to Mysterion] Don't listen to him Cthulhu! We have more important stuff to do!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Go on! Kill me before I kill you! But bring my friends back, wuss!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Cthulhu, you are a Coon Friend, and I'm the Coon! You will listen to me! [Cthulhu picks Coon up and scolds him, then cradles him. Coon takes the hint and scrambles onto Cthulhu's back. Coon kneads Cthulhu's back again and Cthulhu is relieved. Coon is asleep on Cthulhu's back and Cthulhu turns and walks away]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,No! Come back! I have to know what I am! Come back!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Fuck you, Kenny!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Come back, you fat piece of shit! [notices something in the sky. Others notice too. A bright object descends onto the parking lot and dims enough to reveal a giant oval shaped light that serves as a holograph. An image of a man appears inside and begins to talk. Mysterion is puzzled]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Alien Man,"Hello my son. If you are seeing this message, then it must be dark times. And you must have many questions. Your true name is Gok'Zarah. The power given to you comes from a planet far away. You are from that planet, Gok'Zarah. It is for that reason you have a power that normal humans do not have. I know you must sometimes see this power as a curse, but you were sent here to stop evil from taking over the Earth and now, that time has apparently come. You must now harness and focus your power, Gok'Zarah. The power of mint and berries yet with a tasty, satisfying crunch."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"...Uh yes. Yes, please go on."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Alien Man,"Your home planet, K'oh Kajan, is known throughout the universe for its berry mines. Berries that have the power to fuel nearly anything. Needless to say, when the mint hunters of Kogenrah got word of them, our fate was already sealed, Gok'Zarah. But our two worlds collided and soon, mint and berry were one."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,Wow!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Alien Man,"Your mother and I sent you as far away as we could. Use your power, son. Save Earth. Shablagoo! [the orb rises up and away]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"I will, father. No more running away for... Mintberry Crunch! [jumps up in the air and floats up, then aims at Cthulhu and flies towards him] Hello, Cthulhu, I heard you haven't been ""berry"" nice! [unleashes a torrent of berries at him. Cthulhu shields himself, but doesn't go down.] Not enough, huh? Maybe the intense flavor of mint will freshen things up! [Cthulhu is soon enveloped in a tornado of mint leaves]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,The Amazing Mintberry Crunch. The following is illustrated in the comic book
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"I reached the Gulf of Mexico in no time, and with all my strength, I dragged Cthulhu back to the depths from whence he came! My trusty hero companions were there, still alive. I returned them to their world encased in a protective berry bubble. Then it's back down to fill up the hole created by the BP Oil Company, returning home only momentarily to flip off my fat sister. [""Fuck you! I have powers you fat bitch!""]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends Secret Base, later. The Coon Friends are all there"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Dude, thanks for getting us out of that dark oblivion, Mintberry Crunch."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Oh no, we worked as a team! All the Coon and Friends stopped the BP drilling spill crisis."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,And finally the evil Coon is right where he belongs. [the Coon is in his own holding cell with Professor Chaos]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"Come on you guys, this is fucking bullcrap! Let me out!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,You're not going anywhere for a long time!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,"This is inhumane! There's a big bucket with Butters' poop in here, and there's nothing to eat!"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Ya got poop, don't ya?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"Well, I'm off. There are still many more questions left unanswered. I need to know what happened to my parents."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,"Well, come back and visit any time, dude."
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mintberry Crunch,"I will. Shaaablagoo! [twirls in place and disappears in a streak of light, leaving behind berry cereal]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Coon,Fuckin' Mintberry fuckin' Crunch.
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,"Wow, can you believe it Kenny? Bradley actually had superpowers. Isn't that cool?"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Mysterion,"Yeah. I'm tired, guys. I think I'm gonna go to bed. [takes a gun out and just shoots himself in the head. The other boys jump back in shock.]"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Toolshed,Oh my God! Holy shit dude!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Human Kite,Kenny? No! Nooo!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Kenny's parents room, night. They're asleep, but something wakes Carol up. Stomach pains; labor pains. She sits up holding her belly"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Stuart,What? Whaaat?!
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Carol,It's happenin' again! [falls back on the bed and raises her legs in the air.]
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Scene Description,"Kenny's room, moments later. The parents enter. Stuart turns on the light. Carol holds baby Kenny in her arms while Stuart sets out a parka for Kenny to sleep in. Carol zips it up and the parents leave the room"
Coon vs. Coon & Friends,Carol,[before closing the door] We should have never gone to that stupid cult meetin'. [Stuart turns off the light and Carol closes the door]
Crème Fraiche,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room, night. Randy and Sharon are watching TV on the sofa, under a blanket"
Crème Fraiche,Reporter,"Passenger said the Carnival cruise line smelled like poop, but that that was an improvement."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[yawns] All right, it's late. I'm gonna call it a night. [leaves the sofa and heads for their room] You coming?"
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Aw, you know, I can't really sleep. I'm just gonna stay up a bit and have some me time."
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"[going up stairs, she stops and turns around] Randy, do not watch that no-no channel."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Ugh. I'm not staying up to do that Sharon, jeez!"
Crème Fraiche,Sharon,"Alright, come to bed soon."
Crème Fraiche,Randy,"Psseh... huh... [glances at the stairs to see if Sharon is gone, then quickly begins changing channels. He stops at a channel where music is playing] Ohhh... Whoahohoohhh... Man, that is hot... [starts masturbating under the sheet] Oh yeah. Fuck."
Crème Fraiche,Guy Fieri,"[showing off some ribs] Mmm, just look at that rack of ribs; now those are slow-cooked, and then braised to bring out the smokey flavor."
