Sexual Harassment Panda,Chef,How's it going?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,Bad.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Chef,"Well, they're about to get worse. All I can serve you for lunch is lumpy potatoes."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,"Lumpy potatoes?! Oh, no!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Chef,"Sorry, children. All my funding's been cut."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,Oh my God! You guys have to do something!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Chef, how can we stop all these sexual assment lawsuits?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Chef,"I don't know, children. [to Kyle] Why don't you ask your dad? He's a lawyer, ain't he?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"I've tried talking to him, but he doesn't want the lawsuits to stop. He's making too much money."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Chef,"Well, somebody else has got to know all about this sexual harassment whosafudge."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"Hey, what about that stupid panda?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Yeah, Sexual Harassment Panda. He's the one that started all this. We have to find him!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Chef,"Well, I hope you do. Otherwise, it's lumpy potatoes from here on out."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,Noooo! [runs out]
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,South Park School Board meeting
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Evans,That's thirty-two more lawsuits in the past twenty-four hours.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Woman,Oh my God!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Evans,Looks like we'll have to cut all counseling and nutrition programs.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Woman,The children have started suing adults. They could sue us next.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Evans,"Holy smokes, you're right!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"[enter with Kyle, Cartman, Kenny] 'Scuse me. We'd like to speak with Sexual Harassment Panda, please."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Evans,Ugh! [he and the other members hide behind their chairs] P-please! Don't sue us.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,[confused] Huh?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Man,We'll give you anything you want.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,We want Sexual Harassment Panda.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Evans,"Oh! Well, uh... We had to let him go."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,What?!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Evans,"[ducks and rises again] D'uh. I mean, he left."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Well, where is he?!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Woman,"We don't know! Honestly, I swear it! Please!! Let us go!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,What the hell is wrong with these people?!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,The Company
Sexual Harassment Panda,Company rep,"Well. Uh, your credentials are very impressive, and you do seem to have a lot of ambition, uh but I'm afraid there's no room for you at our company at this time."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"It's because I'm a panda, isn't it?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Company rep,"Well, i-it is because you're a panda. Euh, it's because you're a sexual harassment panda."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,I can't help what I am.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Company rep,"Now, have you ever heard of a retreat called ""The Island of Misfit Mascots""?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"Well, yes, but that place is for loser mascots that make no sense."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Company rep,"Well, uh, yes. They may be... just what you're looking for."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,I don't have to sit here and listen to this! How would you like a big panda punch in your puss?!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,Special Report: Sexual Harassment
Sexual Harassment Panda,Reporter,"As sexual harassment lawsuits increase all over the state, the mother of all trials is set to begin. The sexual harassment case of Everyone vs. Everyone begins tomorrow. No matter what the outcome, the public schools are sure to lose at least a whopping $30 million. Representing the side of Everyone is Gerald Broflovski, the lawyer from South Park who plans to make quite a commission. Representing the side of Everyone Else is Gerald Broflovski. So whatever the outcome, things look very bright for Kyle's dad. Personally, I think Kyle's dad is just a whore, taking advantage of everyone in town and... [a note is handed to him] This just in! Newscaster Kevin McCarty is being sued by Kyle's dad for slander. The newscaster has yet to be reached for comment. Wait..."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,"South Park Bar. Cool Beer In Here. A jukebox plays. Peetie sits at the bar, and three unsavory patrons, two of them seated, study him."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Jukebox,"Some days just seem lonely Still, there don't seem to be no end in sight..."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Another scotch? [Peetie nods affirmatively, and the barkeep serves up another scotch. Peetie sips]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Jukebox,So I'll drive this ol' 18-wheeler down the highway...
Sexual Harassment Panda,Standing Patron,Hey! Panda bear! [Peetie lowers his drink to look at him] We don't take kindly to your types in here.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Now, calm down, Skeeter. He ain't hurtin' nobody."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,"No! [approaches Peetie] I wanna know som'in' from Mr. Panda Bear here! If you pandas are from mountainous areas of China and Tibet, how come you eat bamboo, which is prone to grow only in drier, more arid regions?! [Peetie has no answer]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Sk-heeter, I don't want no trouble nu-how."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"It's okay. I get it. There's no room in the world for pandas. Well, you don't have to worry about me! I'm off to the Island of Misfit Mascots! [rises and goes out the door. Skeeter watches him go]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Damnit, Skeeter! How come every time a panda bear come in here you gotta go flappin' your jaw?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,"Broflovski residence. Now it has massive front doors, five stories, and a water fountain just to the right of the doors. The garage itself is bigger than the house next to it. And the icicles are bigger, too. More furniture arrives"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"[Kyle arrives] Well? What do you think, Kyle?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,Dad? Don't you think our last new house is big enough?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"Well, this one is bigger!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"Tomorrow's trial, Everyone vs. Everyone, is gonna make things a lot worse! We have to stop it!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"[kneels] Kyle, let me explain something to you."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"[annoyed, looks askance] Hoh God, here we go."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"You see, Kyle, we live in a liberal, democratic society. And Democrats make sexual harassment laws. These laws tell us what we can and can't say in the workplace. And what we can and can't do in the workplace."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,Isn't that fascism?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"No, because we don't call it fascism. Do you understand?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,Do you?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"[rises] Just look at how big this house is, Kyle. Just look at it."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,"South Park Bar. Stan, Cartman and Kenny enter. The three patrons are still there"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,[enters] 'Scuse me.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,Yeah? What can I do for you?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,Somebody told us they saw a big panda bear in here.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Big panda bear, big panda bear, hm..."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,Hey! Eight-year old! We don't take kindly to your types in here.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Now, calm down, Skeeter. They ain't hurtin' nobody."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,No! [approaches Stan] I wanna know som'in' from Mr. I'm Eight Years Old here! How come you types are always wearin' them funny padded shirts in the winter?!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,...Coats?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Now, Skeeter, I don't want no trouble."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Patron with hat,[pointing at Stan] We don't take kindly to your types around here!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Dude, what the hell is going in?!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,"Did you guys see a big panda bear in here, or not?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,[pounds the counter] We don't take kindly to panda bears!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Well, we don't take kindly to you!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Patron with hat,"[pointing at Stan] Well, we don't take kindly to folks that don't take kindly around here. [they look anew at each other, and nothing more is said among them]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Kids, there was a panda bear in here. He said somethin' about the Island of Misfit Mascots."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,Where's that?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"If I'm not mistaken, it's over near the Jenkins' place."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Come on, we'd better hurry. [the boys make their way past the men and leave]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,Whoa! Lookie her! [a blonde sits alone at the bar] Hey! Beautiful woman! [she sips a beer and lowers the bottle] We don't take kindly to your types around here!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Nu-how, Skeeter. She ain't hurtin' nobody."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,"Courthouse, next day. Everyone vs. Everyone begins. Everyone is chattering in the audience"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Judge Julie,"This is Case No. 47g, Everyone vs. Everyone. [gavels, and all fall quiet] Representing the side of Everyone is Gerald Broflovski."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"Thank you, Your Honor. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, Everyone has committed a crime here, and Everyone must pay for that crime. My client, Everyone, has been hurt by this crime and must be compensated."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,The Island Of Misfit Mascots Commune. The boys reach the front gate
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"[reads] ""Island Of Misfit Mascots Commune"". This must be the place. [they enter]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Worm,"Hello there, boys."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,Whoa! Who are you?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Worm,"I'm Willy, the ""Don't Stare Directly Into The Sun"" Worm. Now, you boys know not to stare directly into the sun, right?"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Boys,Yes.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Willy,"That can burn your retinas and make you blind. [pulls out some shades and a cane, puts on the shades, and sticks the cane out, to simulate a blind person, then puts his props away]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"...Thanks a lot, dude."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Pig,"[rushes up snapping two pairs of scissors around] Oink oink! Be sure to run around with scissors, says Oinky, the ""Run Around With Scissors"" Pig."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,I thought you weren't supposed to run around with scissors.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Willy,That's why he's on the Island Of Misfit Mascots. [Oinky walks away]
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,Have you seen any panda bears?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Willy,Hm...
Sexual Harassment Panda,Falcon,"[shows up behind the boys] Hey, kids! I'm Jimmy, the ""Don't Hold On To A Large Magnet While Someone Else Uses A Fan Nearby"" Falcon!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,What??
Sexual Harassment Panda,Jimmy,"Here, watch. [hands a large magnet to Kenny, then walks to a wind-generating fan and turns it on. As the blades rev up, the magnet tugs at Kenny]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kenny,"(You guys, come get this fucking magnet noooowwww!) [the magnet pulls him into the blades, and he's chopped up into bits] (Argh--!)"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Jimmy,See?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,Oh my God! They killed Kenny!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"You bastards! [looks further on] Hey! There he is! [Peetie, the Sexual Harassment Panda, seated on a bench while a whale and an octopus dance to his song]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"Who lives in the caves 'neath the willow tree? Sexual Harassment Panda [the boys rush up, and the whale and octopus leave]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Dude, are we glad to find you! You have to come back to South Park, quick!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,Why?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"Because! Everyone is suing everyone else, and you're pretty much the cause of it all!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,Seems all I do now is cause trouble.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Badger,"Hello, kidsh, I'm Hoppy, the ""Don't Do Stuff That Might Irritate Your Inner Ear"" Badger. [a long silence follows as the boys look at Hoppy] Well, I'll leave now."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"Please, Sexual Harassment Panda. People listen to you. You have to get them to stop suing each other."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"But, I'm just a panda."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"No you're not, dude! You're a guy in a panda costume! [All mascots within hearing distance turn to see the cause of this outburst]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Willy,"[rushes over to Peetie and the boys] Heeyy, I'm a real worm, pal!!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"Okay, sorry, sorry."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Cartman,"You're-you're a worm. That's that's cool, that's cool."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"[to Peetie] Okay, yyou are a panda. But being Sexual Harassment Panda isn't helping anyone right now. You used to use your panda powers to teach people about sexual harassment. But now you need to teach a new message. A new massage that people will find useful again."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,What message?
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,That people shouldn't sue each other all the time.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,...You know? You little cubs might just be right.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Willy,Yeah!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,[jumps up and stands] Okay!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,Courthouse. Closing arguments begin.
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"Your honor, I'd like to make my closing arguments."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Kyle,"[bursting in] Wait! [Stan, Cartman, and Peetie follow]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, it's Sexual Harassment Panda."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Stan,"[faces the audience] No! He's a whole new panda now, and he's got something to say."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"Hello, everyone. I'm Peetie, the ""Don't Sue People"" Panda."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Jimbo,"""Don't Sue People"" Panda? [the bar patrons are present]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,[stands up] Hey! We don't take kindly to folks that don't sue people 'round here!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"Nuhow, Skeeter, he ain't hurtin' nobody."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"Listen to me: when you sue somebody, it hurts everyone. You sue for money, but where do you think that money comes from? From the schools, from taxes, from the state. From you. [The courtroom is silent, listening] There's no such thing as free money. When you sue somebody, you take money away from parks and schools and charities, and put it in your own pocket. And that makes me a sa-a-a-a-ad panda. [reactions are seen in the faces of various people in the courtroom, even in Gerald's face.]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Bearded man,"I'm a sad panda, too."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Man 1,I'm a really sad panda. I didn't know we were doing all that damage. This is all that damn lawyer's fault! [people get angry at Gerald]
Sexual Harassment Panda,Man 2,[rises] Yeah! Let's sue the lawyer!
Sexual Harassment Panda,All,[rising] Yeah!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"[approaches Peetie and the boys] No! Don't you see? Th-the panda's right. Boy, what a great message he has! When you sue people, you just end up causing a lot of problems for society. Uhwell, I've really learned something today. All I could see was the millions of dollars coming to me and I didn't care about where the money came from. Well, I'm no longer doing sexual harassment lawsuits in schools! They're too vague and two easily corruptible. Thank you, Sexual Harassment Panda!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"""Don't Sue People"" Panda."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Gerald,"Yeah, well, whatever, sooo let's... not... sue anyone again. Okay, come on, guys. Let's go get some ice cream!"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie/Boys,Hooray!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"Pandas love ice cream. [Gerald, Peetie, and the boys leave the courtroom]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Judge Julie,"Well, seeing as we have no lawyers, I'm throwing the case out. Case dismissed! [gavels and leaves the bench]"
Sexual Harassment Panda,Skeeter,[people in the audience leave] Hey! We don't take too kindly to cases being dismissed around here!
Sexual Harassment Panda,Barkeep,"[passing by] God damnit, Skeeter, shut the hell up."
Sexual Harassment Panda,Scene Description,Public Service Announcement
Sexual Harassment Panda,Peetie,"Hello, cubs. I'm ""Don't Sue People"" Panda, with an important message for you! Lawsuits damage our society. I know it's tempting to make money, but just remember: that money has to come from somewhere. And usually, it ends up hurting a lot of innocent people. So, until next time, don't let frivolous sexual harassment lawsuits ruin our schools. Good-bye now. [walks off]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. Cartman's room. Cartman plays off-camera while his plush lizard, Rumpertumskin, sits on the bed. Cartman does all the voices..."
Cat Orgy,Rumpertumskin,[as Loveless] Heheheheh! Now I will kill the President and Salma Hayek!
Cat Orgy,Polly,"[as Salma Hayek, tied to a cross standing in for railroad tracks] Oh, save me! Who will save me?"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[in cowboy gear, and six-shooter] I will! James West, cowboy and rap star! [whips out Clyde from behind his back] Quick, Artemus Clyde Frog! We've got to save Salma Hayek!"
Cat Orgy,Clyde Frog,"[as Artemus] If we save her, I am going to take off her pants and play Slip'N'Slide!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Are you okay, Salma Hayek?"
Cat Orgy,Polly,"Yes, but I need to get out of here and eat some tacos and burritos. Me gusta tacos mucho!"
Cat Orgy,Rumpertumskin,"You cannot stop me, James West!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Look out, Artemus Clyde Frog! It's a giant metal spider! [tosses Clyde aside, aims at a plush spider hanging on the edge of his toy box and fires] Bang! Bangbang! [strafes and performs a cartwheel] Yoyoyo, jiggity jiggy with it! Bang bang bang! [tosses a baseball at the spider and knocks it out of the box] We saved the day! The Wild Wild West, The Wild Wild Wild West. Uhyo wicky wicky scratch, Uh wicky wicky scratch... [the door opens]"
Cat Orgy,Liane,"[nicely dressed, looks in] Eric. [he turns around and drops his shades and the gun] The babysitter's here. Come on downstairs."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[begging] But mmmooom, I'm playing Wild Wild West."
Cat Orgy,Liane,"I have to leave soon, Eric."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"But mom, me and Artemus Clyde Frog still have to do our love scene with Salma Ha-yek."
Cat Orgy,Liane,Come down as soon as you're done. [exits and closes the door]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[begins to rap] Well, I'm a badass cowboy living in a cowboy's Age wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save Salma Hayek from the big metal spider Wicky wicky wick, wicky wicky wick, Fresh Cowboy from the Westside-"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The kitchen. Liane fixes herself as Shelly looks on
Cat Orgy,Liane,"Thank you so much for babysitting little Eric, Shelly."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Okay.
Cat Orgy,Liane,All those other babysitters won't come back.
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"I charge $5 for the first hour, 5% bumps every hour after that up to six hours, which enters into golden time."
Cat Orgy,Liane,"Oh, that sounds fine. I'm going to a meteor shower party. The number where I'll be is on the refrigerator. Eric's nookie time is 9 o'clock sharp. If his little woogums get cold, you can turn up the heat over here. And if he gets cranky, just play tummy-rub-rubs with him, and make sure he wipes good after he makes bears."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Bears?
Cat Orgy,Liane,Oh! And don't mind the cat. She's just being loud because she's in heat.
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"The living room. Cartman is on the sofa watching TV now, and Kitty is near him"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meowrowr!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"No, Kitty! I don't have anything!"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,[starts rubbing her ass against the sofa] Meow rowrrowrrowrrowrrowr!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"What the hell is wrong with you?! Stop it, Kitty!"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,[looks at him with her ass up in the air] Rowrrowrrowrrowrrowr!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"No Kitty, that a bad God-damned kitty! [Kitty runs away]"
Cat Orgy,Liane,"[enters with Shelly] Okay, muffin. Mommy's leaving now. You do what the babysitter tells you, okay?"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,[absently] Uh-huh.
Cat Orgy,Liane,Be good.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,[huffs] Right.
Cat Orgy,Liane,Come give Mommy Eskimo kisses! [kneels next to Cartman]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Aw, Ma."
Cat Orgy,Liane,Eskimo kisses for Mom-my!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[mad] Jesus Christ. [drops to the floor, and they rub noses]"
Cat Orgy,Liane,"Bye, kids. [gets up and leaves the house]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[now approaches Shelly] Well, go put that pizza in the oven, bitch! I'm hungry! [she punches him into the wall, which leaves an impact site with paint fallen off] Ow!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Alright, turd, listen up! Now that your mom is gone, I'm in charge. I don't know how you treat your other babysitters, but when I'm babysitting, you're nothing but a little turd. You're a stinky dried-up stupid turd! Got it?!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"You can't hit me! Didn't you see those nanny videos on TV? [she punches him, sending him into the wall again]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"My boyfriend is coming over, so you go to the kitchen, and you make us that pizza before I snap you in half like the little turd-stick you are!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,You're not allowed to have people over!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[takes the remote] Move! [points towards the kitchen, and Cartman eventually rises and goes there]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The kitchen. Cartman walks to the refrigerator
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"This is bullcrap! [strains to open the freezer, but fails] I can't reach the freezer!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[from the living room] Figure it out, turd!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[huffs] God dammit! [goes for a chair and props it up in front of the refrigerator. As he hops onto the chair, Kitty walks in still pining] Shut up, Kitty! [turns and sees the note on the freezer door, then grabs it and reads it] Any problems, contact Eric's Mommy at 303... Aha! [hops off the chair, moves it back to the table, and sits on it. He grabs a telephone] I'm gonna call mom and tell her that the babysitter is having her boyfriend come over! Then we'll see who's the turd! [he picks up the receiver, only to find a familiar voice on the line]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"...So I said, ""you're a little turd!"" and he w-"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[hangs up] Dammit! [waits for a moment, then picks up the receiver again. Kitty now pines on the stove]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"...But when you've seen one turd, you've seen them all. [hangs up, waits, then picks up again] ...stupid turd! The one night-"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Ey! I need to use the phone!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Oh. Hold on a second, Carrie. [enters the kitchen and pulls Cartman's underwear over his back and head, blinding him]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Ey! Aaah! Uh-ow! Ah! [she leaves and he picks up the receiver again]
Cat Orgy,Shelly,I placed his underwear over his head.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[hangs up and puts his underwear back in place. Kitty resumes meowing] I'm gonna get her, Kitty! Mark my words!! [her meows are persistent] SHUT THE HELL UP, KITTY!! [Kitty screeches and dashes out of the kitchen]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The living room. Cartman watches TV
Cat Orgy,Announcer,"And now, back to the movie of the week, Aliens."
Cat Orgy,Newt,"[to Ripley] They mostly come at night, mostly."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[echoing Newt] They mostly come at night, mostly. [Shelly comes in and tosses Cartman off the sofa, then changes the channel to Friends. Cartman returns to the sofa] Ey, I was watching Aliens on TV!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Well, I'm watching Friends, turd! [the doorbell rings] That's my boyfriend. Go answer the door while I make sure I don't have food in my braces. [Cartman answers the door and looks at a young man in baseball cap and leather jacket]"
Cat Orgy,Dude,"Hey there, is Shelly around?"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Who the hell are you?
Cat Orgy,Dude,I'm the guy who's gonna put a boot up your ass if you don't tell me where Shelly is!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[appears at the door] Hey, Skyler."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,You know this guy?
Cat Orgy,Shelly,He's my boyfriend! [Cartman studies him]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Christ, he's like 50 years old!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,He's 22! [Cartman studies him some more]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Dude, that's not cool."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,You're a turd! You're the Turdman of Alcatraz!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Ye Yeah-ha.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Dude, when my mom finds out that my babysitters have their boyfriends over, she mostly gets really mad, mostly. [Skyler enters and pulls Cartman's underwear over Cartman's head. Shelly grins and Skyler drops him.] Yaaah. Eeyy! Ey, God dammit!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Turd wedgie. Come in the kitchen, Skyler. There's refreshments [giggles and takes his hand. They walk to the kitchen. As they pass the sofa, Kitty is looking at TV]"
Cat Orgy,Announcer,"And now, back to Wild Animal World"
Cat Orgy,Host,"[a lion follows a lioness around] Here in the more arid regions of Africa, the gold-coat lions are in the throes of mating season. [Kitty watches intently as the lion overtakes the lioness. The lioness lays down] The male lion positions himself behind the female and prepares to insert his lionhood. Notice his large swollen balls. [Kitty meows loudly with excitement as the lion does his stuff] The female lion relaxes her body and says ""hello"" to Mr. Winky. [Kitty continues meowing. The lioness rolls over on her back] The male lion is enticed by the female's supple breasts and firm backside. [The lion moves away] Quickly and suddenly, the male is finished. Now he wants to be alone, so he kindly asks the female to leave. He promises he'll call her tomorrow. But the female doesn't leave. Nope, she's moving right in. Looks like the male lion... is screwed. [lion and lioness relax as the sun sets. Kitty is almost beside herself, rubbing her ass against the rug]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The kitchen. Cartman cooked the pizza after all. Shelly and Skyler finish it
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Mmmmm. [tries to kiss her]
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"No, Skyler. Quit it."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Come on, babe. How long have we known each other?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Eight days tomorrow.
Cat Orgy,Skyler,And I still don't get any action.
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"I don't know, Skyler. It's just kind of strange to me that you're 22 and all."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,But I'm still in high school. I told you: I'm a very immature 22-year old.
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Well, maybe just one kiss."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Mmmmm [kisses her on the lips, but Cartman intrudes]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Hey, what are you doing? [Skyler pulls back quick]"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Beat it, chubby!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Go on, Astroturd!"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Mmmmm [a tongue-kiss]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,I'm gonna tell my mom on you.
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Turd Rock From the Sun!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Ey! You ate all the pizza!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,We left you some crusts! [tosses some to him]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"That does it! I'm calling my mom right now, and bustin' your ass! [she snatches the note from him and sends him into the wall with one jab]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Guess again, Richard the Turd!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Give me that phone number!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Come on, babe. Let's go to the living room. [they leave]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,[rises] I am not gonna be bossed around by a chick! [thinks for a moment] Maybe I'll just use my Wild Wild West techniques and get proof that Shelly had a boyfriend over.
Cat Orgy,Kitty,[walks in] Meow.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"God dammit, Kitty, you have to calm down! Here, I'll get you some catnip. [goes to the sink, opens the doors, and starts looking]"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meow.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Okay, okay, hold on, I'm finding the catnip. [pulls out a box of Playful Pussy Catnip and pours some onto the floor in front of Kitty]"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,"Meowrowrowrowrowrowrowrowr. [still longing for consummation, she jumps all over the kitchen knocking things over]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The living room. Skyler strums on the guitar as Shelly listens
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Red Rocket spills my icy soul. Demons from Hell seek the chosen one!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"You're such an amazing poet, Skyler."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"[putting the guitar aside] Isn't this guitar awesome? It's the best of its kind, and not a scratch on it. [reaches over to kiss Shelly]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[holding him off] Skyler, not here."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,I can't help it. I see your pretty lips and I want to kiss them. [draws her close]
Cat Orgy,Shelly,[giggles] Really?
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"I cherish you, almost as much as I cherish my guitar."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Wow!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"When I make it to the big time, I'm gonna take you shopping, and buy you lots of badass stuff."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"O Skyler, I love you. [their lips lock]"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Mmmmm. [A flash bulb goes off and Shelly stands up on the sofa]
Cat Orgy,Shelly,What the-?
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[with Polaroid camera in hand and a fresh picture] Aha, charade you are! Looks like you're the turd now!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,[lunges after Cartman] Give me that picture!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Aaaaa! [runs away, and she gives chase. He runs up the stairs, but she catches up and grabs him by the foot halfway up the stairs. He kicks her off, then hurries to his room, closing the door on her as she reaches him] Yes!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Open this door, Turdledove!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,I think not! I'm gonna show this picture to my mom when she gets home!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Your mom doesn't get home for three more hours! That's plenty of time for me to make a turd sandwich out of you. [Cartman is shocked at the possibility]
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,later that night
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[banging on Cartman's door] Give me that picture, turd!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,You're never gonna get this picture! Not until my mom comes home and I can prove you had a boyfriend over heuh!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,[in the hallway] I'm gonna bust this door down! [starts banging on the door again. Kitty is meowing]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[sees his toy frog on the bed and walks over] What should we do, Artemus Clyde Frog? [dons his cowboy hat]"
Cat Orgy,Clyde,[with his Wild Wild West shades on] We've got to get that picture to your mom so that she will come home and save us.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Oh, that's quick thinking, Artemus Clyde Frog. [doffs his hat and sees Kitty on his dresser rubbing her ass on the wall. He walks over] Listen very carefully, Mr. Kitty. I am putting this picture of the babysitter and her boyfriend on your collar. [the banging subsides] You have to take this picture to Mommy, Kitty, so that she can come home and save me. [walks to the window and sets Kitty on the sill] Now run, Kitty. Take this picture to Mommy, and lead her back here. When you return, be sure to bring Mom in through the back door. Hurry, Kitty! You're my only hope! [Kitty jumps from the window to the garage roof, then from the roof to the trashcan, then to the ground] That's it! That's it, Mr. Kitty! [Kitty ends up at the front door]"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meow. Meow. [the door opens and Shelly takes her in]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Oh! God dammit!
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The living room. Shelly takes the picture and the door bell rings
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Who is that?!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Oh, I invited the guys in the band over, so that we can practice. [moves to answer the door]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Skyler, your band can't practice here."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Hey, do you want me to make it or not?! Don't stand between me and my dreams, babe! [opens the door and the bandmates come in] 'Sup Mark? [carrying drums] 'Sup up. Jonesy? [carrying other drums]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Just keep the volume down! I have to go deal with Turdboy. [walks away]
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Cartman's room. Shelly knocks on the door
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Hey! Who was that?! Who came to the door?!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,[faking concern] Hey Eric! Your mom's been in an accident!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,[wary] You just want me to open the door!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,We need to run over to the hospital and identify her body! We'll be right back.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,What?? Ih- is she okay?
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Not really. She's dead.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Huh?! [quickly opens the door]
Cat Orgy,Shelly,[enters] Haha! That was a turd trick. Your mom isn't really dead!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Aha! I knew it was a turd trick, and I opened the door because Mr. Kitty is on his way right now to my mom's party with the picture!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"HAha! I knew you sent the cat, and that's why I went outside and got him!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Haaha! I saw you get the picture back from Mr. Kitty, and that's why I wrote a letter to the press! To be opened in the case of my demise! Should anything happen to me, that letter will go out, and you will never find it!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,[walks to a dresser] You mean this one? [hold out the letter she finds]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"O-kay! Let's see heuh. Haha! Um... Aw, dammit! [he turns away defeated, and she gives him another wedgie over the head] AAAAH! [she pulls him downstairs by his underpants and enters the living room. Cartman groans at every step he hits]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,living room. Shelly drags Cartman past the band and hurls him onto the coatrack
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Okay, check check, check, 1, 2, check. Okay, ready? All right, let's try the new song. This is a song I wrote for you, Shelly. [points at her and winks. She sits on the sofa, happy] 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4 When I saw her walking down the street, I thought she was Shelly, Shelly. [she dances in place on the sofa]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Aw, man, you guys suck."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Now that we're together I'm absolutely sure that she's Shelly, Shelly."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,You're the crappiest band I have ever heard!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Move into my mom's house with me, Shelly Shelly"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Outside. Kitty is at Cartman's window once again. The band is heard in the background
Cat Orgy,Kitty,"Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow."
Cat Orgy,A cat,[from a red house nearby] Meow. [Kitty looks to see where the meow coming from] Meow.
Cat Orgy,Kitty,[urgently] Meow?
Cat Orgy,A cat,"Meow. [Kitty looks to make sure there's no one around, then jumps onto a car parked on the driveway and runs away. A red van is parked on the street]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Living room. Skyler's band continues playing
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Bridge! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of Shelly Shelly!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[rocks back and forth on his hook, hands to ears] Oh my God, somebody shoot me in the head!"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Ey, shut up, tubby!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Don't call me fat! Now, you guys are not supposed to be in heuh! [Shelly walks to the coatrack] You get out now and respect my authoritah! [she pulls Cartman down a bit so the coatrack can act like a slingshot. She lets go and Cartman hits the ceiling] Ow! [lands on his feet as Shelly turns to walk away. She stops to watch the band and he picks her pocket to get his mom's note.]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Night. Kitty wanders the streets of South Park
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meow?
Cat Orgy,A cat,Meow.
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meow?
Cat Orgy,A cat,"Meow. [Kitty is near the source, but keeps looking]"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meow? [enters a small passageway between two buildings]
Cat Orgy,A cat,Meow.
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Meow?
Cat Orgy,A cat,Meow. Meow. Meow. [an obese orange cat on his back rolls over and inches over to Kitty. Kitty looks at the camera]
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, living room. The band finishes up"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Yah, dude, that was hot. This guitar rocks, man! It rocks! What do you think, Shelly?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Honestly? I think you guys need some work.
Cat Orgy,Mark,"Oh, really?!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,I just think your sound is kind of... last week.
Cat Orgy,Jonesy,"Oh, I'd like to see you do any better, bitch!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Well, I do have a song I wrote."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"O-kay, why don't you sing it for us?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Nnno, Skyler, I'm embarrassed!"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Hey man, don't be shy."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Uhwwell, okay. [hops off the sofa] I'll try. But I'm not promising anything. [Skyler moves to the keyboard as Shelly hands out her music and takes the mic] 1, 2, 3, 4 So much pain in the world today. Too many turds are headin' my way. But we can flush our turds together. Passing by turds whenever."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Don't you know? Isn't...
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Life so full of happiness? Feel free to mark my words. But me and you, will my love do in a world that's full of turds? TURDS! llama judgin finger-lovin' turds. TURDS!"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"Cartman's room. He's taken the phone upstairs with him, extension and all, and he's called Liane"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Mom! The babysitter has her boyfriend over!
Cat Orgy,Liane,"No no no, that's impossible, hon. I told her: no visitors."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Well, there's a whole crappy band here! [""TURDS! Llama judgin' finger-lovin' turds. TURDS!""] Can you hear them? Here. Can you hear them? [directs the receiver towards the music]"
Cat Orgy,Liane,"This party is very loud, boopy-kins. You'll have to speak up."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[""TURDS! Llama judgin' finger-lovin'...""] Dammit! Her boyfriend's here! Don't you believe me?!"
Cat Orgy,Liane,"Not really, hon. [Mr. Mackey appears behind her] Mom has to go now! I'll be home in about an hour! [Cartman just looks at the receiver] Oh! Oh, Mr. Mackey!"
Cat Orgy,Mr. Mackey,"Mhm, mkay? [upset, Cartman hangs up]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,I'll never be able to prove that son of a bitch was here! [looks at his Mr. Microphone-type radio] My Speak and Record bear. Of course.
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"Downstairs, Shelly continues her song"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,In a world that's full of turds. TURDS!
Cat Orgy,Mark,"[tiring of the song] Dude, this is gay!"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Shut up! [Shelly stares at Mark]
Cat Orgy,Mark,You shut up! Your girlfriend is not joining our band!
Cat Orgy,Jonesy,"Yeah, dude. What the hell is wrong with you, anyway? She's like, 12."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"You guys, get out! Don't question my love! My love is as pure as morning snow! Get out, I said! [his mates take their instruments and leave]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The passageway. Kitty and the fat orange cat face each other
Cat Orgy,Kitty,"Rowr! [quickly shows her ass to the orange cat, waiting for his move. The orange cat pounces on her and smothers her] (Rowrowrowrowr!) [she squeezes her way out from under him]"
Cat Orgy,Orange cat,Rowr!
Cat Orgy,Kitty,"Rowr. [this time, she rolls on her back. He jumps on her and smothers her again] Hrowr!"
Cat Orgy,Orange cat,Geuugh. [Kitty makes her way out again]
Cat Orgy,Kitty,"[angrily] Meowr! [the obese cat simply collapses and sleeps] Meowuh! [seeing that the cat won't move, she leaves] Oh meah!"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Cartman's room. He begins recording
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[softly] Testing, testing, 1 2. [stops and rewinds, then plays the tape. The recording worked] Sweet. [Shelly enters and Cartman hides his radio]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"We're going outside to watch a meteor shower! I'm locking you in your room 'til we get back in, turd!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Okay. See you in a while.
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Wha-?
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Will you tell me what they look like? The meteor shower. They mostly come every few years, mostly."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,What the hell is wrong with you?! How come you're not yelling and whining?!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Well, I just, I kind of like having you around."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,What?! No you don't!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"No. Um seriously. See, I never had a brother or a sister. I think people that have a brother or a sister don't realize how lucky they are. Sure, they fight a lot, but you know there's always somebody there, somebody that's family. [Shelly's face softens] I wonder if, well, maybe sometimes, I could pretend like you're my big sister. And you could kind of, watch over me. You know, like, we could watch a meteor shower together sometime. Heh, and I could pretend I'm somebody's brother, if only for a day."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"...Oh, all right, get your turd coat. You can come see the meteor shower with us."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Yuh, you mean it?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,But don't bug me and Skyler! Come on!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Hooray! [Shelly exits, Cartman speaks softly] Yes. I'm gonna have your and your boyfriend's voices on my Speak and Record bear, and then you'll mostly never babysit me again! Mostly."
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"The Cartman backyard. Skyler and Shelly sit on a bench, Cartman stands off to the side in front of them"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[recording] Yes, yes, what a beautiful night! It is Saturday the 12th at 10:45, and my mother is away at a party right now."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Shut up, turd!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"That, of course, is the voice of my babysitter, Shelly Marsh, who is twelve."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,What are you doing?
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"I'm just thinking out loud. [walks over to the bench and sits with his back to Skyler] Do you have anything to say, Skyler, Shelly's boyfriend who is sitting right heuh?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Go away, turd!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"I'm sorry. Did you say something, Skyler? [Skyler simply bumps him off the bench] Agh!"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,South Park. Kitty walks around looking for some action
Cat Orgy,Kitty,"Meow [a bunch of other cats answer her call. They are all sitting by some steps. She walks over, sticks her ass in the air, and the other cats jump her]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The Cartman backyard. Meteors flash across the sky. Skyler tries to kiss Shelly. Cartman stands close to the house with his Speak and Record bear in full view
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Yeah! Come on! Give it up!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,No.
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Give it up, babe!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,NO!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Come on, babih!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[pushes him off] No, Skyler, I'm not putting out for you!"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,Why the hell not?!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,'Cause I'm twelve! [Cartman moves up a bit]
Cat Orgy,Skyler,You're not putting out for me?
Cat Orgy,Shelly,No!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Well then, screw you, bitch! I've got plenty of other girlfriends that will!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,What?? But I thought you liked me.
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"If you're not puttin' out, then I'm movin' on! There's plenty of chicks like you out there! [she looks forsaken, Cartman draws closer] Screw you, prude bitch! Me and my badass guitar are going home! Hasta!"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Gotcha! [Skyler drives away in the red van]
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"The living room. Shelly sits on the sofa crying, her face buried in her hands. Cartman comes dancing in"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh wicky wicky Wild West! Shelly, guess who's busted! [Shelly continues crying] Hey! I said, guess who's busted! [Shelly doesn't seem to realize he's there] Eh, you're not gonna trick me, I've got the goods on you!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[between tears] I don't care. [cries some more, then pours out her emotions] He acted like he really liked me. Nobody's ever liked me before. [now Cartman softens] I can't believe I trusted him. I'm so stupid."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Well, Shelly, he's 22. What, what were you doing with him anyway?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Nobody my age would go out with me 'cause I'm too ugly.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,You're not ugly.
Cat Orgy,Shelly,You don't think so?
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Well, you're pretty ugly, but, you don't have to be dating 22-year olds. I mean, what kind of scumbag asshole dates 12-year old girls?"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,You're right! He is a scumbag! I wish I could get him back! I just don't know how.
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Weh-hull, I could ask Artemus Clyde Frog. He would know."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Huh?
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"If you want, I could help you."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Really? You would do that?
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Just let me get my cowboy hat.
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"Outside. Kitty returns to the house, opens the front door, and enters"
Cat Orgy,Kitty,Mreow? Mreow? Mreow! [the other cats come in and make themselves at home. Kitty turns on the stereo and music blares from the speakers. More cats come]
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"Skyler's pad. He sits on his sofa strumming his guitar. He hears a knock on the door. He gets up, opens it, and looks down. Clyde is there"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,What the hell is this?!
Cat Orgy,Polly,"Help me! Help me! This is Salma Hayek. Is anybody there? [she lies next to the bear, which is playing the voices]"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Salma Hayek? Whoa, she's hot. [goes into the woods to find her]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[dressed as James West, reaches the open door] Okay, it's clear. [Stands watch as Shelly makes her way inside]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The woods.
Cat Orgy,Polly,"Over here! Please, come quick! [Skyler moves towards the voice]"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Skyler's pad. Cartman stands watch as Shelly gets to work
Cat Orgy,Cartman,We don't have much time!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,This won't take me long!
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,"The Cartman house. The front door remains wide open as music blares from inside. Cats are all over the living room. Kitty bring a box of Playful Pussy catnip from outside and pours out the catnip. The other cats rush towards it and divide amongst themselves. One cat makes lines of it so he can snort it, another snacks on a slice of pizza. Others sip from beer bottles. Some cats come towards Kitty and she shows her ass again."
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Skyler's pad. Cartman grows impatient
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Hurry up in there!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,I'm almost done.
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The woods. Skyler is looking...
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Hello-o? Hello-o, Mrs. Hayek?"
Cat Orgy,Polly,Over here! Please help me! I am lost and I have no clothes!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"[to himself] No clothes, right."
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,Skyler's pad. Shelly finishes up
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The woods. The search continues...
Cat Orgy,Polly,I'm over here! Please help me! I will reward you greatly!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Right here, Miss Hayek!"
Cat Orgy,Polly,"Oh, please help me!"
Cat Orgy,Skyler,What the? [sees the Speak and Record bear and Polly Prissy Pants on the ground]
Cat Orgy,Polly,Please help me! I will give you tacos!
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"Dude, somebody tricked me! I'll make you pay for making me come out here, God dammit! [rushes home and enters] Stupid asshole stuffed animals trying to ruin my night! [gasps loudly. His guitar is in pieces and buried in kitty litter. Shards of wood are arranged to read ""King Turd"" in front of the neck of the guitar] My guitar! NOOOOO!"
Cat Orgy,Scene Description,The Cartman house. Shelly and Cartman return home
Cat Orgy,Cartman,That was sooo cool! I wish we could've seen his face!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"[faces him at the door] Thanks for all your help, Eric. You know, as far as turds go, you're okay. [opens the door, and they both are shocked at what they see]"
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Oh my God! [the orgy is well under way]
Cat Orgy,Shelly,They're having a cat orgy!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"You are all very bad kitties! That is a bad, bad kitty!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,Your mom's gonna get home soon. We're gonna get busted!
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[gets the catnip and holds it up high] Come on, kitties. Outside. Come on. [points the way out, then goes towards the door. The cats follow] That's it. Come on, come on. [opens the door, only to find Skyler waiting for him] Uh oh."
Cat Orgy,Skyler,"You two ruined my career! I'm gonna get you! [Cartman throws the catnip at him and scores] Umph! [the cats jump on him] Ogh! Oh! Owey! Owwey! Duewy! Oh! [horror and then glee appear on the faces of Cartman and Shelly] Oh, you ripped my pants off! Oh my God! Oohh my Goodd!"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Come on! We've got to get the house clean before your mom gets home. [they go back inside and close the door] You know, Eric. It's kind of cool that two people who hated each other can be friends."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Yeah. I think we get along okay.
Cat Orgy,Liane,"[enters] Hi, kids. I'm home."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,Heh. [all are afraid. Two cats hide behind Kitty] Mom! Uh I can explain. It was all Shelly's fault! She didn't watch the cat!
Cat Orgy,Shelly,No! It's Eric's fault. He let those cats in here.
Cat Orgy,Liane,"[holds on to the doorway] Oh, what a party that was! [walks towards the sofa] Hmm-hm-hm-hmm. Hmm-hm-hm-hmm. [Crashes onto it and falls asleep]"
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Wow, she passed out."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"Luckily for us, my mom is a total lush."
Cat Orgy,Shelly,"Well, let's clean up the house. Looks like everything turned out o-kay."
Cat Orgy,Cartman,That's how it goes in the Wild Wild West. [raps once more]
Cat Orgy,Cartman,"[Shelly watches him perform and grins, then joins him in the dance] Well, I'm a badass cowboy living in a cowboy's Age, wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang [End credits roll] Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save Salma Hayek from the big metal spider Wicky wicky wick, wicky wicky wick, Fresh Cowboy from the Westside. Wicky wicky scratch yo yo bang bang Me and Artemus Clyde Frog go save Salma Frog Polly Prissy Pants go down to... Well... mm-Rumpertumskin."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The Marsh car, night, Randy's driving. He and Sharon take Stan along with them. It seems Shelly has already been dropped off at Cartman's house to babysit him."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,I don't want to go to this stupid party!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Come on, Stan, you're gonna have a great time."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"No, you guys are gonna have a great time! Whenever there's a party, the adults get to hang out and have fun while the kids spend the night locked in the basement eating stale pretzels."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Well, your mom and I don't get out much, so you'll just have to bear through it."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The Mackey house. The Marshes arrive. Four other cars are there, one of them double-parked. The house is festooned with stars of various sizes, with two shooting stars among them. A banner reads, ""METEOR SHOWER PARTY"" while a sign on the door reads ""WELCOME SKYWATCHERS."" The Marshes reach the door and Randy rings the bell. Mr. Mackey answers."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Hello! Welcome, hmkay? This is already a wild party, hm."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah, well uh, sorry we had to bring the kid along. We had nowhere else to put him."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, that's okay. I've got a special kids' room down in the basement."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Awww!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"[leads the family across the room] Be sure to help yourselves to the crab soufflé, and uh, eh, Juanita? [clap clap] Juanita? [clap clap] We need some more finger sandwiches? [she scurries by]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,The basement. Mr. Mackey leads the family down the steps.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,I don't wanna hang out in the kids' room. I won't know anybody
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Well, it would be good for you to make new friends. You can't just hang out with your buddy Kyle all the time. People will think you guys are, you know, funny. Now I bet you'll have a great time."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"[opens a door] Here you go, it's right in here. [Stan enters and gasps. Before him are Pip, Butters, and Dougie.]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"We'll be upstairs if you need anything, Stan."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[soft but urgent, tugging at Randy's pants] Dad! You can't leave me here! These guys are total Melvins!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"You have fun, Stanley."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[soft but urgent, tugging at Sharon's dress] No! Mom, please! They're the geekiest kids at our school!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"We'll come get you kids when the meteor shower starts. [closes the door. Stan looks at it with hands in pockets, then he looks at the other kids. Pip, Butters, and Dougie smile at him. Stan tries to open the door, but it's locked. He turns to face his peers.]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Cheerio, Stan. I do say it's quite a nice surprise seeing you here."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Shut up, Pip."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Hey, Stan. Why I-I-I sure am glad you're here, 'cause then we'll have even more fun than we, why, than we was havin' before. Why, we wuh, we were havin' an awfully good time before you showed up, too, however."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Butters, is there any way out of here?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Nope. No way out. Buh, but there ain't nothin' upstairs but an old, stupid party anyways. It's better down here in the kids' room. [motions to the little boy to his left] Uh, this here is Dougie. He's not too old, but he sure is a hoot to hang with. Uhuh, he's in first grade, I think."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,I like math.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Oh my God.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,We were just playing a game called Wickershams and Ducklers. Do you want to play?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,No.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"I'm the head Wickerknicker. And you are all little Wickershams [Butters bows] We all sing the merry tune of Stratford until I yell, ""Turrah!"" and then you all fall down laughing, and I join you, as I find it funny too. Stan, would you be the Wickersham of Brumble Briar? [Stan just looks at them] And all right, here we go. Whippy-tippy tootoo, tralala-la."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,All three,"Whippy-tippy tootoo, tralala-la. Whippy-tippy tootoo, tralala-la. [Stan tries opening the door again]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Upstairs. The party is well under way. Mr. Garrison walks up to Mr. Mackey
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Garrison,"[quite drunk] Great party, Mr. Mackey. Mr. Hat just grabbed Principal Victoria's ass. [his right hand jerks to the right, pulling him] No! Mr. Hat, you get back here! [walks away. The Marshes and the Broflovskis stand in front of the punch bowl]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,Anyone for some meteor mai tai punch? It packs quite a wallop.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Oh, I'll pass. I don't drink hard alcohol."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,[offers the drink] Come on! Loosen up! Meteor showers only come once in a great while. [Sharon takes it]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"One little drink isn't going to hurt anything, honey. Come on, live a little."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Well, it is kind of a special night. I guess I could... experiment. [she takes a sip]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah, experiment."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The basement. Pip, Butters, and Dougie continue with Wickershams and Ducklers. Stan sits on the floor with his back to them, arms wrapping his knees"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,All three,"[dancing] Whippy-tippy tootoo, tralala-la."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"[all turn 'round] Wickersham tally-ho ugh. [all fall on their backs. Pip gets up] Are you sure you don't want to play, Stanley?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[looks back] Yes.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,What are you? A sourpuss?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uhuh, you uh really oughta play, Stan. It's an awfully fun game. Ah I've never been to England, but uh I'll bet the people there are really nice. [Pip walks off] Are people nice in England, Pip? I bet they are, huh? [annoyed, Stan covers his ears] They got those thick noses and all."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"[looks in a box] Hey, look at this!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,Uh what is it? Is it something neat? Uh I wonder what it could be. [he and Dougie reach the box and look in]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,[leafing around] It's a box filled with ladies' clothes.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,[pulls out a padded bra and checks it out] Neato.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Hey, you know what we could do with these lady clothes, huh? Wuh-y why we could play Charlie's Angels."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[incredulous] Oh, dude, you've gotta be kidding me."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"[hopping] Yes, let's! Can I be Jaclyn Smith? Can I?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"No, uh I get to be Jaclyn Smith. See, uh I thought of Charlie's Angels, and I get to be Jaclyn Smith 'cause I thought of it."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"[twirls with joy] Oh, this sounds as much fun as Wickershams and Ducklers! Come on, Angels. Let's get dressed. [walks over to Stan] Which ladies' garments would you like, Stan?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Dude, I'm not putting on ladies' clothes, and I'm not playing Charlie's Angels! You guys are Melvins, and I'm not one of you! So you go ahead and be Melvins, and leave me alone!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,Well. [turns and walks away] Alrighty then.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,The backyard. A hot tub sits just behind the house. Mr. Mackey leads the Marshes and Broflovskis to it
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,Here it is. I just had the hot tub put in last week.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Wow, neat!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sheila,It looks quite inviting.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, you can get a lot of action when you have a hot tub."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Oh Mr. Mackey, you nut."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Hell, we should get in."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Yeah.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Sure, go ahead. It's a-it's a party, isn't it? Mkahy?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Oh, I'm not hot-tubbing. I have nothing to wear."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Hm huheh, that's okay. [giggles]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sheila,No hot tub for me!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Well, screw you guys! [disrobes and jumps in]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"I'm getting in for a while, too. [disrobes and jumps in] Geronimo!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Oh, look at our boys, Sheila. [Randy and Gerald splash each other] It's just like they're in college again."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The basement. The Angels are dressed and ready for action, but..."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Okay, Angels, what's our mission this week?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Well, I don't know what our mission is. Do you know what our mission is, little first-grade kid?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,How should I know?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Oh, dear. We're Charlie's Angels, but we don't have a mission."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Hey, that's because we need Bosley. Uh Bosley always told the Angels what their mission was. Remember Bosley? Wah uhwhy uhwhy we need somebody to be Bosley. [strokes his chin. All three look around, but the silence alerts Stan]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[looks back displeased] What?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Well, we hate to trouble you, Stan, but would you mind terribly being Bosley for us?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[grudgingly] What do I have to do?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uh you just got- you just gotta tell us what our mission is, that's all. That's all Bosley does. Just give a mission, and us Angels will accomplish it."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Alright, alright. Here's your mission. In ten minutes this room is gonna fill up with water and drown everybody. You have to find me a way out of this room, fast."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Oh, that's a splendid mission!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Well, what are we waitin' for? We've gotta find a way out of this room, by golly, or else we're gonna get drowned. Come on, Angels! [they go in different directions, but Dougie pauses]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,Which Angel am I again?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,The hot tub. Gerald and Randy relax in its bubbling warmth
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Oh boy, it's nice to have a night out without the kids, huh?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Yeah, I know what you mean."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"I love havin' a family and all. I just... miss being able to party. Drinking and socializing, and experimenting with all kinds of different things."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Well, that's what being young is all about. Once you have a family and a career, your experimenting days are over. But tonight is the exception; that's why I'm gonna smoke this cigar. [brushes it under his nose and sniffs it] Only 'cause I've never smoked before. [picks up a lighter and lights the cigar, then sets the lighter back]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,Good idea.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,What haven't you tried that you've always wanted to try?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Hohn. [raises his elbows to the rim] Um, I don't know. Maybe I'll drink a few more beers and see where the party takes me."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Yeah! ...Was that your leg?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Huh? Oh, you mean, this?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Yeah.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah. That, that was me."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,The basement. Pip rushes up to Stan
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,Bosley! Bosley!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[in no mood for role-playing] What, Pip?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,Oh no no no. My name is Sabrina Duncan. Remember? We're playing Charlie's Angels.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,What the hell do you want?!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Well, we've completed our mission. Jill found a way upstairs."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,You did? [rises and walks to the way]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,[dressed as Jill] Air shaft.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Dougie pushed that big box out of the way and found this old ventilation duct. And I reckon it's got to lead somewhere, and and it's good 'cause, uh 'cause now we won't drown."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"So Bosley, what's our next mission?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,We're going upstairs.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,Upstairs? Uhwhy why there's ain't nothin' upstairs but adults. Uhwhy would we want to go upstairs for?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Because, you stupid Melvins, they have rad food and desserts upstairs! [crawls into the duct]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,The hot tub
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Hey, did you see Principal Victoria in there? She looks hot."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,She sure does. I wouldn't mind takin' that home.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"O-hoh, yehah, I'm sure your wife would love that."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,I wish. That's the one thing I've always thought of experimenting with. A threesome.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[eager to know] With two girls or two guys?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Huh, well, two girls, of course! I mean ...with another guy, you know, that'd be... [ends up staring at Randy]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"You, you never have a homosexual fantasy? Not that I have."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,You haven't?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"No, I mean... Well, they say everybody has at some point, don't they?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Well, I never really wanted to experiment with anything too crazy. You know... maybe just... I don't know... masturbate in front of another guy."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah well, that, that's not really ...gay, is it?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"NO, no, uh I don't think so."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,...Well it is a night for experimenting.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Sure is. [both of them wait for the other to make the first move, then...]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Okay, I'll start. [begins]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,some activity is going on out on the street. Someone is looking at the house through night-vision scopes and taking snapshots. One of those shots is of Liane talking to her son over the phone. Five ATF agents are now seen looking at the house from across the street
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,This must be the place. They've got all kinds of crazy stuff going on in there.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF agent,[talks into a communicator] Code 7. We believe we have found the compound. Request immediate backup. [the ATF lead looks at the house again]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Barbrady,"[immediate indeed, appears in the lead's sights] Okay, so just what is going on here, people?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,Get down! [pulls him into position along with the others]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Barbrady,What?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"It's just like we told you, officer! There's a religious cult in there that plans to commit mass suicide when the meteor shower starts. [resumes viewing, but is interrupted]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Barbrady,Are you sure?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"Of course we're sure! [points out the initials on his cap] We're the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms! It's our job to know what these fanatics do!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Barbrady,So what does the ATF do when religious fanatics are gonna commit mass suicide?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"Oh, don't worry! We won't let that happen! Even if it means we have to kill each and every one of them."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Out front, later. ATF trucks and tanks roll in and more agents arrive"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,What's the situation?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF agent,"[coming in from reconnaissance] Apparently, we've got at least five dozen men and women in there who intend to commit suicide when the meteor shower starts."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,Any luck talking to somebody in the house?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF agent,"We've tried calling, but there's no answer. I think we're gonna have to move in, sir."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,Alright. Johnson!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Johnson,"[a marksman, runs up] Sir!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,I'm sending you in. Watch your ass.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Johnson,"Yes, sir! [makes his way to the front door while stopping at various points for better views. He rings the doorbell with his elbow, but doesn't wait for an answer]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The Mackey house, living room. Johnson now looks around the living room, but no one seems to be alarmed at his presence. Mr. Mackey's face soon fills the view"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, come on in. Join the party, mkay? [Johnson, surprised, lowers his guard] Would you like a meteor mai tai?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Johnson,"Heeey, I love mai tais! [closes the door]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The living room, at the ventilation duct. Stan leads the others out"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"We did it! Great job, Angels!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"So what's our mission now, huh Bosley? Uh wha what do you want us to do now, I wonder?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[mischief flashing across his face] Alright, Angels. Uh, your next job is to get Bosley some cookies and a TV set."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"What kind of cookies do you want, Bosley?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"I don't care, just hurry! [the Angels walk away]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Well, hooray!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,The deck. Gerald and Randy have left the hot tub and are getting dressed. Things get awkward
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,[buttoning his jacket] So uh. Well. That was certainly... interesting.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[tying his shoes] ...Yeah.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Uh, you don't regret doing it now, do you?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"No no. ...Wuh what's there to regret, right? I mean..., all we did was watch each other ...masturbate. That's that's not gay or anything. We said so, right?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Thuh that's right. It's just harmless experimenting.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Well, let's get back into the party and see what everyone is doing. [turns to go in]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Hey. [Randy looks] Nothing changes between us, right? I mean, we're still friends."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,Um... Yeah yeah sure sure. [goes inside]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Outside, the ATF agents are armed and ready to fire. The lead agent reviews the situation inside with his scopes"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"Damn it, where is Johnson?!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF agent,"No communication, sir. It doesn't look good for him."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,Those bastards!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Inside. Johnson is dancing away. A couple is about to leave the party
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man,"Great party, Mr. Mackey. Thank you so much."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Well, are you sure you have to leave so early?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Woman,"We both have to be up early tomorrow, but thanks again."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,"Mkay. Drive carefully, mkay? [waves them off and closes the door]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Outside, The couple walks a few steps before two spotlights stop them in their tracks"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"[On a bullhorn] Hold it right there! Whatever it is you are intending to do, do not do it! [the man shrugs] Your freaky religious cult will not succeed in its plan!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man,What?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"Do not move, or we will be forced to shoot- [Shooting starts. The couple falls dead and the lead lowers the bullhorn] God damn it, who was that?! [most of the agents raise their hands] Did you see them move?!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Agent 1,...I did.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Agent 2,[next to floodlight] Yah.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Agent 3,"Yeah, they moved alright."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Inside, several men gather around Jimbo and Randy."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Jimbo,"Well, I tell you what: we may not have Elway this year, but Brister won every game he started in last year."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Burly man,"Eh that's true, but Elway was the heart of the team. Who's the leader now?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Blond man,I think the Jets are gonna be the team to beat this year in the AFC.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah. Hey uh, if you watch another guy masturbate, does that make you gay?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Jimbo,...What??
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Well I just... I have this buddy, uh, he, sat and watched another guy ...play with himself."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Burly man,Well... Let's go kick his ass!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Other men,Yeah!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Jimbo,Where is he?!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Oh he, he lives in, like, Florida."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Burly man,Aw! [the men disperse]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"[walks up] Hey, Randy. What are you doing? [pats him on the back]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[subdued] Nothing. Uh. I'm gonna go get some chips.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Can I come with you?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[softly] Okay. [rolls his eyes]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Mackey's bedroom. Butters leads Stan inside
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Come right on in here, Bosley. Huhwell, it was my idea. [Pip and Dougie are already inside, waiting] Uh I got to thinkin', ""Wuh, where do people keep TV sets?"" and then I remembered that lots of grownups have TV's ih in their bedrooms. So, so I walked into Mr. Mackey's bedroom and er and sure enough, here it was."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Rad! [hops on the bed and starts switching channels]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Okay, Bosley, we got you cookies and a TV set. So what's our next mission?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,There are no more missions. I have everything I want. [four shows and a commercial pass by as he channel-surfs.]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,Wwe ain't got no more missions? Uhwhawhat are we supposed to do? We're Angels. Whawhat do Angels do without a mission?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[annoyed] Just... play something else! God!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,Oh dear. We've angered Bosley.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Breaking news
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in front of a house where a religious cult is planning to commit mass suicide when the meteor shower starts."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Whoa, cool!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,I wanna be a reporter someday.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"Just moments ago, a couple emerged from the house. [footage of it is shown] According to the ATF, the couple refused to cooperate, then pulled out very big guns and started shooting everyone. The ATF had no choice but to shoot the insane couple, and now a standoff has ensued."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Oh, looks like that cult is about to be blown into tiny bits."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,The ATF commander tells us that he has reason to believe there may be children inside and that they are the primary concern of all. There are choppers here along with several tanks. [choppers and tanks are heard coming in] The commander is very concerned about what the mood is inside.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[as the reporter speaks] Wait a minute [hops off the bed and walks towards the window. He looks out and sees the ATF] Oh my God! [runs back to the others] Dude! That's this house. They think our parents are the religious cult!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,Do you think someday I can be a reporter?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,We just received a photo from the recon team of the action inside the house [Stan looking out the window just moments before] showing evidence that there are indeed innocent children trapped inside. Those sick cult fanatic bastards!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan:,Dude!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Hey, uhour parents aren't religious fantastics. Why, we gotta tell them that they're makin' an awful mistake, don't we?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"Yes. Come on, Angels. Looks like we have a new mission."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The living room. Everyone is carrying on, drinking and dancing, oblivious to the commotion outside. Randy sits on the sofa, his hands to his eyes, his mind in turmoil. Gerald walks up to him"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"[sits] Randy, you're making me feel unimportant. Talk. Talk, damn you."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,I'm just having a hard time with what we did in the hot tub.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"So, so now we can't be friends?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"I didn't say that. I mean, I don't know, I... I just feel so strange. I know it's ridiculous, but I can't help feeling like people here know. You know? Like, even though nobody could know, 'cause we said we'd never tell anybody."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,We said we'd never tell anybody?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"[now cross] Well, of course we wouldn't."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Oh, uh I didn't realize that. [looks away ashamed]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"[sensing betrayal] Yuh... You didn't ...tell anybody, did you?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Well, uh uh a few people, yeah."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[hushed] What?! Why the hell would you do that?!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,You didn't say not to tell anyone.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"[hushed] Well, of course! I thought it would be implied! When you masturbate with another guy in a hot tub, you assume that nobody is gonna tell anybody! [looks around in desperation to make sure no one else is listening]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Listen to you. You're yelling at me; you've never yelled at me before.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,AAAW!! [jumps up and hurries away]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[rushes out with the others in tow] Hey you guys! We've got a big problem! [sees everyone quite drunk. A naked man dances by with a lampshade on his head] The ATF is outside and they think you're all a religious cult. You've gotta go talk to them. [the adults didn't hear him]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Huh how come they're actin' that way, Stan, huh? Uh how come they're laughin' and fallin' down and such?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[sees his mom waddle by] Mom, go look outside."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"[drunk, with mai tai in hand] Mommy's little boopie-kins [falls down and out]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uh let me handle this, Stan. [walks forward] Uh now l-listen up and listen good, everyone! Why, I'm awful disappointed in you drinkin' and carryin' on this way! Why you uhyou should be ashamed of yourselves! Uh if you don't get outside right now, and tell those army guys you're not religious fantastics, there's, why there's gonna be heck to pay. Uh, heck, I tell ya! [The adults laugh and his face drops]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Come on, we're gonna have to go tell 'em ourselves. [walks to the door. The others follow]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Outside. The boys step out, the ATF agents reload, and the door closes. The spotlights come on and the commander takes up the bullhorn"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,Lay down your weapons!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,We don't have any weapons.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"Go back inside and tell everyone that they are surrounded! Tell them to come out peacefully, and we will not shoot them. [Shooting starts]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,Whoa!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Get back inside! [opens the door and the boys hurry in]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,I don't think they're gonna come out. Use the Ganz technique.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Barbrady,What's the Ganz technique?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF lead,"This is what we did in Waco. [two monster speakers are moved into place on either side of the front of the house. A technician readies the large CD player] Play really bad music really loud until it drives them nuts and makes them want to come out. [the technician presses a button and a garbled song plays] Nobody can stand this much Cher. This is her new album. If this doesn't drive them out, nothing will."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Living room, the stereo. Mr. Mackey turns on the very same song and starts dancing to it"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Garrison,"That's great music, Mr. Mackey. What is that?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Mackey,Uh this is Cher. This is her new album.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mr. Garrison,"Well, hell, turn it up."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Living room, away from the stereo. Randy is walking around. Two men talk in the foreground"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Goateed man,"Yeah, well, you know what I heard? I I heard that he's gay."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Other man,"Oh, is he?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[runs up] Who?!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Goateed man,Huh?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Who who did you hear is, is gay?!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Goateed man,"Ricky Martin, the singer."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,Oh. [the two men walk away as Gerald approaches]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Hey, Randy, what's up?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,[tenses up] What the hell is that supposed to mean?!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Huh?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,Ssh-shouldn't you be hangin' out with your wife right now?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Wulluh uh I just felt like talkin' to you.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,There's nothing to talk about.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"You're having regrets, aren't you?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"No, I-... I don't know."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Hey. Talk to me.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,No!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,I thought we agreed what happened in the hot tub wouldn't change our relationship.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,Will you stop it?! I don't... I just...
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"Hey, Mr. Withdrawn, you might not need to talk about it, but I sure do."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Aaww! [rushes away] Sharon? [finds her at a table and genuflects] Sharon, cuh can we go?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,[swaying] Go?? The meteor shower hasn't even started yet.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"[his voice grows urgent] Uh I know, but I want to make love to you right now. I have to make love to you right now."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Randy, relax. We don't ever get to party. Now come on! Loosen up! Experiment!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Ogh, I already did."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[rushes up with the other boys] Dad! Dad, they shot at us."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Not now, Stanley. [gets up and walks away. Stan watches him go, then turns to Sharon]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Mom!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Sharon,"Whoopee! [gets up, and the bowl of chips drops to the ground. She faints on the table. Stan looks around, not sure how he can rouse the adults to action, drunk as they are.]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"[panicking] Hey, what are we gonna do, huh?! Ughuh uh they shot at us! They really shot at us! They, they ain't gonna stop until we're all dead, I betcha. Huh us and all our families."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"[slaps Butters across the face with a backhand and grabs him by the collar] Get a hold of yourself, man!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"How come you slapped my face, Stan, huh? Why uhwhy on earth would you do that, anyways?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Come on. We have to find out what's happening. [leads the other boys to the bedroom]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Mackey's bedroom. The boys enter and check out the news again.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"I'm standing now with Danny Ganz, the commander of the ATF. Commander, what is the latest?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"We have not had any cooperation with the cult inside the house. They are refusing to come out, and apparently they still plan to commit mass suicide once the meteor shower starts, which should be any moment now."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,See how reporters get to wear those cool jackets? That's why I wanna be a reporter.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"So what are your plans, commander?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"Right now, our plan is to burn the house down. If we set it on fire, they'll have no choice but to come out."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Oh dear God, they're gonna set us on fire. Uhoh, great Jesus, son of Mary, wife of Joseph, what are we gonna do, huh? Huhoh, sweet Joseph, husband of Mary but not father of sweet Jesus-"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Sh!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"Setting them on fire seems a little dangerous, commander."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"It is, but we can't let them kill themselves."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,We have to let them know that this isn't a cult party.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,But we can't. They'll just shoot at us again.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uhuh, they're gonna burn us up and act like nothin' happened. Oh, sweet Jesus, Mary, mother of Jesus, wife of Joseph, father to Mary, well- Wait. Mary, wife uh... Oh, hold on."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Come on, Angels. We've got a new mission. And this time, it's for real. [walks off]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Outside. The reporter continues
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"For hours now, the ATF has tried to communicate with the religious fanatics inside this house. The meteor shower is expected to begin at any moment, and so time is running out."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Inside, the party continues."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mackey,"Hoh, look. Harold's doing it again, hm huh hnmkay? [Harold is wearing a lampshade, but he's fully dressed. The camera moves to the crowd, then to the ground, where Dougie is standing with microphone in hand]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,"This is Jill Munroe reporting live from inside the meteor shower party. [Stan is filming, Butters is cuing] As you can see, this is a perfectly normal party. Nobody is killing themselves. We tried to tell ATF people, but they shot at us. [aside] Anything else?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Tell them not to burn us down.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,"Oh yeah. Don't burn us, please. Jill Munroe, GFN news."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,Now what do we do?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,[removing the tape from the camera] Now we find a way to get this tape to the real reporters.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,"Hey, I'm a real reporter."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"You're right. You are, Dougie. You did an awesome job. [Dougie smiles]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Outside, Ganz is back behind the firing line with the bullhorn"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"Attention, cult people! Do not commit mass suicide! There are so many reasons not to kill yourselves! Flowers, for instance. And back rubs. [turns off the bullhorn and listens for a moment] Alright, I'm through trying to reason with them. Send in the Negotiator! [a large truck hauls a large cannon in. The barrel of the cannon reads, ""NEGOTIATOR""]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"[approaches] Excuse me, but what proof do you have that those people inside are religious fanatics?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,We know what we're doing. We did this all before in Waco.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"Uh yes, but you totally screwed up Waco. You killed a bunch of innocent people and then tried to say they killed themselves."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,[holds out a beanie baby] Look. You see this? You see this?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,Yes.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"You see it? You see it? Go get it. [throws it away to his left] Go get it! [the reporter soon moves in the direction of the throw] Alright, let's get ready to kick some religious fanatic ass!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Inside. Randy is scarfing down some nachos at the snack table, and Gerald approaches him. Randy sees him and gives him the evil eye, then moves to the mai tai bowl. Gerald follows. Randy glowers at him"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Having a good time?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah, swell! Could I just... have a few minutes alone?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,"I'm not gonna let you change on me, Randy. Just because we shared an intimate moment in the hot tub, I won't let it change our friend-"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"[irritated, interrupts] We did not share an intimate moment, okay?! That makes it sound gay! [walks away]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Outside. The front door opens and six guests exit
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Guest,"Good night, everyone."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"Look out! [Shooting starts. Screams are heard as the guests are hit. The guests die on the spot] Ho-old your fire! Okay, hrm. [on the bullhorn] People at the door! That was a warning! Go back inside and tell the others that they now have one minute to surrender! [the Negotiator is aimed right at the front door]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"The boys are in Mr. Mackey's bedroom. From outside, the boys are seen looking out the window"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Oh no, we're out of time! [hops down and moves away. He ties some rope around Butters' middle] Are you sure you can do this, Butters?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Wuh, no, I'm not sure. Uh-I'm not sure at all. Wha-what am I doin' again?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"We're just gonna slide you down this rope, and then you've gotta get our exclusive video to that reporter down there. [hands him the video]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,Tha-at sounds awful dangerous.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Can you hit a target, Pip?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,[with bow and plunger] I was archery-class esquire at Stratfordshire. [pulls back on the bow]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Hit something nice and solid now. [Pip releases the plunger, with rope attached, and it lands on the left side of Barbrady's head. Barbrady moves just a bit, then sips his coffee]"
