South Park is Gay!,Chef,"Oh, hello, Mr. Garrison."
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"[sadly] Chef, can I talk to you?"
South Park is Gay!,Chef,Sure. Come on in.
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Thanks. Come, Slave. [yanks Mr. Slave in by a leash around his neck. Both men sit on Chef's couch. Mr. Slave buries his face in his hands] Oh, it's just awful, Chef! I used to feel like an outsider, a totally different person who stood out in this town! Now every straight guy is acting gayer than me!"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Slave,[sobs] Oh Jesus! Jesus Christ!
South Park is Gay!,Chef,"Well, what do you want me to do about it?"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Chef, what did you do when white people stole your culture?"
South Park is Gay!,Chef,"Oh. Well, we black people just always tried to stay out in front of them."
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Slave,[straightens up] How did you do that?
South Park is Gay!,Chef,"Well, like with our slang. Black people always used to say, ""I'm in the house"" instead of ""I'm here."" But then white people all started to say ""in the house"" so we switched it to ""in the hizzouse."" Hizzouse became hizzizzouse, and then white folk started saying that, and we had to change it to hizzie, then ""in the hizzle"" which we had to change to ""hizzle fo shizzle,"" and now, because white people say ""hizzle fo shizzle,"" we have to say ""flippity floppity floop."""
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"[slumps forward] We don't have time for all that, Chef! Oh, if only those Queer Eye For the Straight Guy people understood what they were doing. [thinks] Wait. [rises] That's it! I know exactly what to do! [yanks on Mr. Slave's leash] Come on, Mr. Slave! Let's get back to our flippity floppity floop. [exits the front door with Mr. Slave]"
South Park is Gay!,Chef,Oh no! Damnit! Don't call it that! [the door closes]
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,South Park Train Station. Kyle approaches a ticket booth.
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,"One ticket to New York, please."
South Park is Gay!,Clerk,[handing a ticket over] You're going to New York alone?
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,I'm going to see the Queer Eye For the Straight Guy people.
South Park is Gay!,Clerk,"Oooo, great idea! They can help you with those dated clothes."
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Mrrh.
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"Kyle walks away, then unsheathed a sharp knife. He enters the train. Inside, he walks down the aisle until he sees a bench. He hops onto it and sits down. A few seconds later, he notices the two men to his left, then looks up in recognition: they are Mr. Garrison and Mr. Slave. Mr. Garrison is carrying his own knife."
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Mr. Garrison?
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Kyle, what are you doing here?"
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,I'm going to New York to kill the Queer Eye For the Straight Guy people!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,What?? That's what I'm doing!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Oh no! They ruined my life! I get to kill them first!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,They took gay culture from real gays and their asses are ours!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,I thought of it first!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,No you didn't! No you didn't!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Did so! Did so!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,I thought of it yesterday!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,I thought of it two days ago!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,I thought of it before you were born!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Slave,"Stop it, you two! Stop it! Don't you see how crazy this is?"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Oh. [sigh] You're right, Mr. Slave. We can both kill them together."
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Cool.
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. The boys are at a clothing store."
South Park is Gay!,Stan,"Wow, we look great!"
South Park is Gay!,Cartman,"Yeah, and let's see Craig out gay us now."
South Park is Gay!,Randy,Boys! Boys! Come on! There's a sale down in Express for Men! [leaves. The boys follow him out. Randy calls out to the other men in the mall] Hey guys! There's a sale in Express for Men! [their wives sit on benches in the center of the mall with nothing to do]
South Park is Gay!,Richard,Oh my God!
South Park is Gay!,Man,Let's go! Let's go!
South Park is Gay!,Ryan,[walking down the far side of the mall] You guys have got to see these shoes I bought!
South Park is Gay!,Gerald,"Hurry, you guys! The mall closes in seven hours!"
South Park is Gay!,Jimbo,"Oh, why can't we all live at the mall?!"
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,"You know, I'm starting to think this whole metrosexual thing isn't so great."
South Park is Gay!,Linda,I know what you mean. All my husband ever does now is look at himself in the mirror. He cares more about how he looks than how I look.
South Park is Gay!,Mrs. Tweek,I hope something happens soon to put an end to this whole fad.
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"HBC Television Headquarters, New York. The head of programming is with the Queer Eye guys."
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"Guys, you've done a terrific job. Queer Eye For the Straight Guy is our number one show! [the guys cheer]"
South Park is Gay!,Carson,What can I say? We're fabulous.
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"You guys are changing the world! And tomorrow, we're gonna have you make over the President of the United States!"
South Park is Gay!,Jai,"Oh my God, I think I'm gonna faint. [a knock is heard at the door, then it opens]"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,Room service. [a service cart rolls in]
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,What? We didn't order any room service.
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, well, the woman at the front desk sent it up."
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"Carol? [lifts the platter's lid for a brief peek, then lowers it] Well, I'll have to check on this. Excuse me a minute, fellas. [leaves. Mr. Garrison continues inside the office when the coast is clear. He takes the cart to the desk and parks it there. Kyle pops out and rushes to lock the door]"
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Clear!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"[whips out his walkie-talkie and speaks into it] Okay, Mr. Slave! [From a nearby building Mr. Slave swings down like Spiderman and crashes through the window, but passes out on impact. His body collapses on the floor]"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Slave,"Unh, Jesus [a chunk of window falls onto his ass] Christ."
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Well crap, that didn't work."
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. Stan and his group face off against Craig and his group at the center of the mall."
South Park is Gay!,Stan,"You'd better shut up, Craig."
South Park is Gay!,Craig,Everyone knows it's true!
South Park is Gay!,Stan,It is not!
South Park is Gay!,Craig,Is so!
South Park is Gay!,Tom,Craig! Behave yourself!
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"Yeah, Stanley. What are you fighting about?"
South Park is Gay!,Stan,"Dad, Craig is trying to say that his dad can out dress you!"
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"What? Son, that's a silly thing to fight about."
South Park is Gay!,Tom,Yeah. Everyone already knows I dress better than Randy.
South Park is Gay!,Randy,Oh really?!
South Park is Gay!,Tom,"I mean, you do have the fashion sense of a Japanese woman."
South Park is Gay!,Men,Ooooo.
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"Please, girlfriend. You look like some kind of Little Orphan Annie nightmare."
South Park is Gay!,Other men,"Oh no, errrr!"
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,"Oh, stop it! Will you all just stop it?! [the men fall silent] Look, you guys are carrying this fad too far! Will you please stop acting this way?!"
South Park is Gay!,Tom,You don't... like us being metrosexual?
South Park is Gay!,The women,NO!
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"Well, you know what I think? I think you're all metrophobic!"
South Park is Gay!,The males,Yeah!!
South Park is Gay!,Linda,What?
South Park is Gay!,Jimbo,"We shouldn't be fighting amongst ourselves, we should be uniting against metrophobes like these!"
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,This is crazy!
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"[steps forward, past the boys] Crazy? Different? Outcasts? Call us what you want. But us metros are real people, just like you!"
South Park is Gay!,Tom,"[steps forward, past the boys] You can metrobash us all you want, but we're here to stay!"
South Park is Gay!,Craig,"[steps forward, past his father] Yeah Mom! We're proud of who we are."
South Park is Gay!,Cartman,"[steps forward] That's right. Proud. You know what I think, guys? I think we should have a metrosexual pride parade."
South Park is Gay!,Ryan,"Great idea, Eric! Raise metrosexual awareness!"
South Park is Gay!,Stuart,We can make floats and decorate them with streamers and flowers!
South Park is Gay!,Kenny,(Woohoohoo!)
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"Come on, fellas! Out of the malls and into the streets!"
South Park is Gay!,The males,Out of the malls and into the streets! Out of the malls and into the streets! Out of the malls and into the streets!
South Park is Gay!,Mrs. Tweek,What the hell did that show do to them?
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"HBC Television Headquarters, New York. Police have been called in and have apprehended Mr. Garrison, Mr. Slave, and Kyle."
South Park is Gay!,Officer,You sure you don't want to press charges?
South Park is Gay!,Kyan,"That's okay, officer. I think they learned murder is wrong."
South Park is Gay!,Carson,Especially in those pants.
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"[the cops leave] Look, guys, we're sorry we tried to murder you, but... You have to stop what you're doing!"
South Park is Gay!,Jai,Are you crazy?! We're the hottest thing on TV!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"But don't you see the price? You're selling out your own kind. Look, us gays have created a lifestyle, a, a culture that is uniquely ours. If we keep trying to make straight people into us, well, we're gonna have no identity left."
South Park is Gay!,Kyan,"Sorry Charlie, no sale. [he and the others turn and walk away]"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Buh... but... this doesn't make sense! [grabs his head] How can gay men do this to their own people?? [the Queer Eye guys reach the exit] Unless... you're not gay at all... [the guys stop, turn around, look at Garrison angrily, then return]"
South Park is Gay!,Thom,"You just had to push it, didn't you?!"
South Park is Gay!,Jai,Just had to keep asking question!
South Park is Gay!,Carson,[locks the exit] Now you know the truth!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,They aren't gay? Then what are they?
South Park is Gay!,Kyan,For a thousand years our kind have lived beneath the earth's crust! Banished by man in the Kindling Wars.
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,Oh my God. [Kyan steps forward and begins to crumble. A walking crab pops out]
South Park is Gay!,Leader,We are the Crab People!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,AAAAAAAAAAAAH!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Slave,Jesus Christ!
South Park is Gay!,The Queer Eye guys,[they too crumble and advance] Crab People! Crab People! Crab People!
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,A subterranean cave. The crab people lead their hostages to their camp.
South Park is Gay!,Crab People,Crab People! Crab People! Crab People!.
South Park is Gay!,Crab Leader,"[entirely red] See now where we have been forced to live for a thousand years! But soon we shall rule the land above, and mankind will be gone!"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"Gone?? [""Crab People! Crab People!""]"
South Park is Gay!,Crab Man 2,"Crab people are too small and weak to take over man by force, and so we came up with our perfect plan! [another crab person walks over to a closet full of human shells, all of them replicas of the Queer Eye guys. The crab person climbs in a Carson replica and closes the shell behind him. Carson's replica comes to life]"
South Park is Gay!,Carson replica,"If you can't beat man, [drops down from his hook] change man!"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,I knew it! I knew gay people would never do this to their own kind! [some crab people restrain him and Mr. Slave]
South Park is Gay!,Crab Leader,"When all the world is metrosexual, the crab people shall finally reign supreme!! [raises his pincers and claps. The other crab people join him and clap]"
South Park is Gay!,Crab People,Crab People! Crab People!
South Park is Gay!,Crab Solo,"Taste like crab, talk like people."
South Park is Gay!,Crab People,Crab People!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,"You'll never turn ME into a metrosexual! I like being a dirty, filthy little boy!"
South Park is Gay!,Crab Man 2,"[approaches] Very well. If we can't make you into metrosexuals, then we will make you into crab people! Take them!! [the crab people swarm in and separate the hostages. Some of them take Kyle into Crabwear and select a crab outfit for him to wear. Then they take him to Crab Salon and put antennae on his hat, then they take him to get a facial, then they march him down the underground road]"
South Park is Gay!,Singers(Crab People),"All things just keep getting better You... came into my life (Crab People) and my world never looked so bright. Yeah. (Crab People) It's true. You bring out the best in me. (Crab People) When you are around, when you are around, (Crab People) All things just keep getting better. (Crab People)"
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A Metrosexual Pride Parade moves down the street in the background, and News 4 is covering it."
South Park is Gay!,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where the first Metrosexual Pride Parade is underway! [in a rainbow peacock float Randy, Jimbo, Skeeter and Stuart ride and cheer. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny ride in a banana float which features an ocean wave and a palm tree. On the tree waves a rainbow flag that says ""Here to Stay"""
South Park is Gay!,The boys,We're here! [clap clap] We're not queer! [clap clap] But we're close! [clap clap] Get used to it! We're here! [clap clap] We're not queer! [clap clap] But we're close! [clap clap] Get used to it!
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,[as the boys' voices fade away] That does it! I can't take it anymore!
South Park is Gay!,The boys,We're here! [clap clap] We're not queer! [clap clap] But we're close! [clap clap] Get used to it!
South Park is Gay!,Linda,"I should have never wished for a cleaner, neater husband."
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,"Ladies, get your things! I know what we have to do! [leads the ladies away. Randy's float hits a pothole and veers to the right. It hits the sushi restaurant as the spectators back away quickly]"
South Park is Gay!,Jimbo,"Whoa, look out! [the float hits the building and breaks a window. A small fire is heard]"
South Park is Gay!,Randy,"Oh my God, it's on fire! [the men jump out of the float and run to the other side of the street]"
South Park is Gay!,Skeeter,Put it out! Put it out!
South Park is Gay!,Randy,I can't do anything! These are brand-new pants!
South Park is Gay!,Skeeter,The heat could really damage our hair. We'd better let the police handle this!
South Park is Gay!,Officer Barbrady,"[seated on his patrol car, buffing his nails] Are you crazy? I just had my uniform pressed!"
South Park is Gay!,Jimbo,"[the float and building are now fully engulfed in flames] Oh Jesus, it's burning! Oh my God!"
South Park is Gay!,Skeeter,Eeeek!
South Park is Gay!,Randy,Put it out! Put it out! Fire!
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"HBC Headquarters, New York. The Queer Eye guys work on President Bush on their show."
South Park is Gay!,Carson,"Mr. President, it is such an honor to make you over!"
South Park is Gay!,Kyan,"Now, we've got to do something with your hair."
South Park is Gay!,Thom,And your nails are filthy. Let's get those clean.
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"This is gay gold! [Mr. Garrison, Mr. Slave, and Kyle look down from the sound booth]"
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,Stop them! They're crab people!
South Park is Gay!,Crab Man 3,"They cannot see or hear us, foolish man. Now stand by and watch as your pitiful race becomes helpless!!"
South Park is Gay!,Carson,"That is very good, Mr. President. Now, put on this silk jacket. [Kyan, Jai, and Thom remove the President's coat and Carson hands him the jacket]"
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,No Mr. President!! Don't do it! [the crab man holding him quickly covers his mouth] Help!
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,You bastards!
South Park is Gay!,Kyan,"That looks great! Now, how about some moisturizer. [Bush and the guys smile. The studio door bursts open and the women flood into the studio wielding bats]"
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,There they are! Get 'em!
South Park is Gay!,Kyan,What? [their smiles vanish]
South Park is Gay!,Linda,You turned our husbands into whiny little wusses!!
South Park is Gay!,Sarah,It's payback time! [the women rush in and start beating up the Queer Eye guys]
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"Oh my God, what are they doing?!"
South Park is Gay!,Crab Man 3,Oh noooo!! [Mr. Garrison and Mr. Slave react and crack the crab people in two in the booth as the women finish Queer Eye guys off below]
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,[kneeling at the corpses of Carson and Kyan] Wha? What have you done?
South Park is Gay!,Sharon,"We're sorry, but we didn't have a choice. You see, at first we liked having our men be clean and neat. We thought that having them use product in their hair and wanting facials would make them sexier. But it doesn't."
South Park is Gay!,Linda,"That's right. Event though my Steven sickens me out sometimes, it's his rugged manly grossness that I'm attracted to."
South Park is Gay!,Sarah,"We're sorry, but we knew that the only answer was tuh kill the Queer Eye guys."
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"Well you're going to jail for thi-! [Kyan's body begins to move, and the HoP looks down] Wait a minute. [a crab man crawls out] What is that?"
South Park is Gay!,Crab Leader,No! Our evil plans! Noooo... [dies]
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,Oh my God. They were crab people.
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,[enters the studio with Slave and Kyle in tow] Yes! They were trying to systematically make men into wusses so they could take over the world!
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,Mom!
South Park is Gay!,Sheila,Kyle!
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,I should have known they were crab people. They tried this before with The Jeffersons.
South Park is Gay!,Mr. Garrison,"So now, can you please change your network's programming?"
South Park is Gay!,Head of Programming,"Yes. Yes, I think this gay fad is over. Gentlemen, back to Studio 12! We're gonna bring back the Latin fad."
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,South Park. The sign has been redrawn with a barrio graffiti font.
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"The McCormick house, day. Randy, Jimbo, Skeeter, and Stuart are now dressed as cholos on the porch. Two six-packs of Coronas are on the ground. Some of the bottles are already empty."
South Park is Gay!,Randy,Hey eses.
South Park is Gay!,Stuart,Hey hefe. You want some cerveza? [hands Randy a beer.]
South Park is Gay!,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Kyle walks into view in the school hall."
South Park is Gay!,Stan,"Kyle. Hey, ese. You wanna come play catch with us?"
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,What? Y-you want me to hang out with you?
South Park is Gay!,Stan,"Yeah. It's cool, holmes."
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,"No, dude, it really isn't cool. You all turned your backs on me. You're supposed to be my best friends and you just... treated me like nothing! And now you all expect me to just forget it all and, and hang out with you again like nothing happened?"
South Park is Gay!,Stan,"Aw Jesus, Kyle, don't be such a whiny little gaywad! Come play catch with us. [turns and walks away]"
South Park is Gay!,Cartman,"Yeah, don't be such a fag, dude! [turns and walks away. Kenny just looks at him and walks off. Kyle looks away, then back at the boys, then walks away in the opposite direction. He stops, thinks for a while, then turns around and hurries to them]"
South Park is Gay!,Kyle,God-damnit!
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Stan and the boys are in the Marsh garage belting out tunes, but their musical styles are scattered. Cartman sings lead, Stan and Kyle on are guitars, Kenny is on the drums."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,God dammit! [hangs his head and lets the mic stand fall into his left hand. All stop playing and the side door opens]
Christian Rock Hard,Randy,"[looks in] Stan, are you okay?"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Yeah, dad. We're just rehearsing our band. [Cartman straightens up]"
Christian Rock Hard,Randy,"Ooohhh, I thought a group of Vietnamese people were having their intestines pulled out through their mouths. [steps back and closes the door]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,[cackling] Heheheheheh heheheheheh.
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"He's right, dude. We have to define our style if we're ever going to make a platinum album. I mean, ah I'm a fusion guy, but Kenny's background is more Latin Jazz."
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(What? Is it?)
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Yeah, and I'm more hip-hop and R-and-B oriented. [Cartman paces the floor with arms behind his back]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,I think out band better buy a whole bunch of music CDs to listen to for inspiration.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[stops] Inspiration. Wait a minute, [turns right and walks away from them] that's it. Inspiration, you guys. Don't you see?"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,See what?
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,[turns around] Our band should play Christian rock! [beams with pride]
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,Christian rock?!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[races back to the band] Think about it! It's the easiest crappiest music in the world, right? If we just play songs about how much we love Jesus, all the Christians will buy our crap!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"That's a retarded idea, Cartman!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[protests, takes a step towards Kyle] It worked for Creed!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,I don't wanna be in a stupid Christian rock band!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[steps towards Stan] You just start that way, Stan, then you cross over. It's genius!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[pointing to an exit] Just get the hell out of here, Cartman! You're not serious and you're a detriment to the band!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Oh yeah?! I will bet you ten bucks that if I start a Christian rock band that I can get a platinum album before you guys do!
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You're on, fat boy!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Okay, fine! Ready?! First one to have a platinum album wins! Go! [runs out as fast as his fat little body will let him, and pants]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,[after a few seconds of watching the door] What a stupid asshole!
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, day. Cartman runs through the streets. He appears over a rise on one of the streets."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Platinum album! Platinum album! Gotta make a platinum album before Kyle! [runs up to a house and pounds on the front door. The door opens up and it's Butters who answers]
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Oh, hi Eric."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Butters! Get your drum set and meet me at my house! We have to make a platinum album! Hurry, Butters! [dashes off]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,[watching Cartman run off] ...Ohhh!
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,Token's mansion. Cartman runs up to the front door.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,No time to waste! Platinum album! Must beat Kyle! [pounds on the door and Token answers] Token! Get the bass guitar out of your basement and meet me over at my house! [turns around and dashes off]
Christian Rock Hard,Token,What?! We don't have a bass guitar.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[spins around] Your family's black, Token! There's bound to be a bass guitar in your basement somewhere! [runs off. Token gets annoyed and shuts the door]"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Cartman's house. He and Butters are in the living room. Cartman is at the piano, Butters is on drums."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Whoa, you sure seem with it, Eric. You must have some... inspiration."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, the tears of Kyle Broflovski when he loses his ten dollars to me. [makes changes to the sheet music on the piano's sheet music holder]"
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"[arrives with a bass and a small amplifier] Hey, there was a bass guitar in my basement."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"I told you, Token."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"So, what are we doing?"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Gentlemen, we are about to embark on the most amazing, life-affirming, financially windfalling experiences of our young lives."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Wow!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,We are going to start... a Christian rock band.
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,[his smile vanishes and he slumps in his chair] Awww.
Christian Rock Hard,Token,[moves towards the front door] I'm out. [picks up his amp]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Wait! [Token stops, Cartman rushes over] Walk out that door, Token, and you'll regret it the rest of your life! Christians have a built-in audience of over one hundred and eighty million Americans! If each one of them buys just one of our albums at twelve dollars and ninety-five cents that would be- [points to Butters]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Two billion, three hundred and thirty one million dollars."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Still want to leave, Token? [Token thinks a bit, then resumes his place] Thank you."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, living room. Gerald and Sheila are on the sofa. Gerald reads a book, Sheila is knitting."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[enters and stands before them] Dad, can I borrow three hundred dollars?"
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,Three hundred dollars?? What in the world for??
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,Our band can't find a stylistic direction to go in. We need to go down to the mall to buy hundreds of CDs to listen to so we can define our sound.
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,"Sorry Kyle, we gave you your allowance already."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,Ugh. Can't you see this is my dream?? Music is my life!
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,It wasn't your life yesterday. [resumes reading]
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Hold it. [plaintive] Pops, I've got the music inside me. It's in my soul. And I know my place is up on that stage. I'm gonna make it to the top. And I just want your blessing, Pops."
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,"The answer is no, Kyle."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Aw, come on Dad, don't be such a Jew!"
Christian Rock Hard,Sheila,"Kyle, don't belittle your own people!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,[turns and walks off in frustration] Aaaargh! [heads for the front door and opens it. Stan and Kenny approach the entrance. It's night out.]
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Hey dude.
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,It didn't work! My stupid Jew dad won't lend me money for CDs!
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"No, dude, it's cool. Kenny says you can download music for free on the Internet!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,Really?
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,You got a computer?
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Stan's Dad's den, moments later. The boys are at the computer. Stan works the keyboard as Kyle and Kenny watch."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"See? Everyone on the Internet copies their music from their CDs, and then we can download them for free and play them on the computer!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"All right, cool. [takes over] Let's download some Metallica, and some Stevie Wonder. [with each name, he clicks on some songs and a download indicator shows download progress for each one. It's an extremely fast connection]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Oh you forgot to get some Judas Priest.)
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Kenny's right. We should download some Judas Priest, too."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[types in the search box] Judas Priest. [a two-tone bell sound indicates a successful download] Wow! Downloading music for free is awesome! [immediately, helicopters are heard coming and the light outside turns bright white. A night sun hovers overhead and stops at a position in which the helicopter pilots can see inside the den. Police sirens are then heard]"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,What the hell is that?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"I don't know. [drops from the bench and walks over to a window] Let me go check. [an FBI agent crashes through the window, falls and rolls into a standing position, then aims his firearm at the boys. The boys are startled and jump]"
Christian Rock Hard,Agent 1,Freeze!! FBI!! [a second agent crashes through the other window and rolls into position as well. A third agent leaps in through the second window]
Christian Rock Hard,Agent 2,Down on the ground! Down on the ground! [the boys are herded closer together. Three thumps are heard on the door and more agents break in with a battering ram.]
Christian Rock Hard,Agent 3,Hurry up! Let me see those hands! [the boys quickly raise their hands as more agents pour in. The boys are handcuffed]
Christian Rock Hard,Agent 2,[into his walkie-talkie] Tango Teamus to Point Bravo! Suspects in custody! [the boys are escorted out of the room]
Christian Rock Hard,Agent 4,"Move move move move move move! All clear, men! [to the boys] Get your ass going!"
Christian Rock Hard,Agent 5,Move move move move move move! Move!
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,"[appears at the door with Sheila] Kyle, what did you do?!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,[being herded into an FBI van with the other boys] I don't know!
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Cartman's house. He, Token and Butters begin to practice."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"All right, guys, this is gonna be so easy. All we have to do to make Christian songs is take regular old songs and add Jesus stuff to them. [some sheet music is shown. Cartman has already crossed out the original author's name] See? All we have to do is cross out words like ""baby"" and ""Darling"" and replace them with [writes next to ""baby""] Jesus. All right, Butters, give me a beat. [Butters doesn't understand, but starts drumming. It's rather good] Okay, nice. Very nice. All right, Token, give me a smooth bass line."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,I don't know how to play bass. [Butters stops]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[Sighs, has his left fist on his forehead, eyes shut] Token, how many times do we have to go through this? You're black. You can play bass."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,I'm gettin' sick of your stereotypes!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Be as sick as you want, just give me a God-damned bass line! [Token begins to play a bass line, then is surprised that he can actually do it, then realizes that Cartman is right]"
Christian Rock Hard,Token,God-damnit! [Butters joins in and their sounds flow together]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"All right. Nice, fellas. Nice. [begins to sing] I need you in my life, Jesus. I can't live without you, Jesus And I just want to feel you deep inside me, Jesus."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Well done!
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"United States Federal Bureau of Investigation, day. Inside, a detective reviews some reports on the boys' Internet activity. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny wait on the other side of the table."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[some seconds later] Um, sir-"
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"Shut up!! [the boys jump in their seats, then look down, chagrined] You downloaded a lot of songs! Says here you even downloaded Judas Priest? That's hard time you boys are lookin' at. You got anything to say for yourselves?"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,[rubs the table a bit] We d-didn't think it was that big a deal.
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,[pissed off] Not a big deal! You think downloading music for free is not a big deal?! Put your coats on! I'm gonna show you something! And I don't think you're gonna like it!
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"A mansion, unknown location, day. The agent has taken the boys for a ride and arrived here. He leads them to the main gate."
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"This is the home of Lars Ulrich, the drummer for Metallica. [they approach a bush] Look. There's Lars now, sitting by his pool. [he's seen sitting on the edge of a chaise longue, his face in his hands, softly sobbing]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,What's the matter with him?
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"This month he was hoping to have a gold-plated shark tank bar installed right next to the pool, but thanks to people downloading his music for free, he must now wait a few months before he can afford it."
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"[a close-up of Lars sobbing] Come. There's more. [leads them away. Next seen is a small airport at night] Here's Britney Spears' private jet. Notice anything? [a shot of Britney boarding a plane, then stopping to look at it before entering] Britney used to have a Gulfstream IV. Now she's had to sell it and get a Gulfstream III because people like you chose to download her music for free. [Britney gives a heavy sigh and goes inside.] The Gulfstream III doesn't even have a remote control for its surround-sound DVD system. Still think downloading music for free is no big deal?"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"We... didn't realize what we were doing, eh..."
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"That is the folly of man. Now look in this window. [they are at another mansion, and they look inside a picture window] Here you see the loving family of Master P. [He's shown tossing a basketball to his wife while his kid tries to catch it] Next week is his son's birthday and, all he's ever wanted was an island in French Polynesia. [his mom lowers the ball and gives it to the boy, who smiles, picks it up and drops it. It rolls away and he goes after it]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"So, he's gonna get it, right?"
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"I see an island without an owner. If things keep going the way they are, the child will not get his tropical paradise."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[apologetically] We're sorry! We'll, we'll never download music for free again!"
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"[somberly, dramatically] Man must learn to think of these horrible outcomes before he acts selfishly or else... I fear... recording artists will be forever doomed to a life of only semi-luxury."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Some bluffs by a beach, dawn. Cartman, Token and Butters scramble over some boulders to get to the beach. Seagulls fly overhead."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Almost there, you guys."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Ow...
Christian Rock Hard,Token,Why the hell did you tell us to dress nice to take us out here?
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Because, Token, we have to take pictures for our album cover. [sets up his camera on a tripod] The key to a hot-selling Christian album is a flashy inspirational album cover."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Wow, neato! An album cover! [walks out onto the sand]"
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"[follows Butters onto the sand] This Christian album better make as much money as you said it would, tubby!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[when Token seems out of earshot] I'm going to kill you one day, Token."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,[spins around] What did you say?! [Cartman is startled]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Nothing. All right, guys, stand over there and look wholesome and cool. I have a timer on this thing so I can get in the shot too. [begins to focus the shot. Butters and Token stand together]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Cheese!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"No no! Haven't you guys ever seen an album cover? You're supposed to be standing in random places, looking away like you don't care! [Butters and Cartman move apart. Token moves off to a boulder a little farther away, Butters moves a bit closer to the camera]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Cheese!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"No! Butters, you can't look happy on the album cover! That's not cool!"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Oh...
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Token, look away to the right. [Token looks off to the right] More. [Token turns his head to the right] More!"
Christian Rock Hard,Token,[turns all his body to the right] Why the hell would I be looking way over there??
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"So it looks like you're too cool to care that you're on an album cover, you black asshole! Now just hold it! [starts the timer, then steps into the shot] Our first album cover."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"He raises his hands and head in praise and closes his eyes. The first shot is taken. More album covers. First, the three boys looking down at the camera as if in a football huddle. Next, a shot of the three of them standing in line, frowning. Next, a shot of Cartman making more changes to sheet music, Cartman in his room/home studio making changes with a reel-to-reel player beside him, Cartman on a bus writing new lyrics onto his left palm: ""Jesus is awesome. I love him so much. Jesus is great."" Cartman playing his changes on the reel-to-reel player to his band-mates. At Butters' house Butters presents Cartman with a fresh print of their first album wrapped in cellophane. Token uses a hair dryer on the CD to shrink-wrap the cellophane in place, and the camera zooms in. While the scenes roll by, Cartman sings."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Don't ever leave me, Jesus. I couldn't stand to see you go. My heart would simply snap, my Lord, if you walked on out that door. I promise I'll be good to you, and keep you warm at night. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why don't we just... shut off the lights."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"The FBI building, next day. The parents have shown up to retrieve the boys."
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,"Thanks for releasing them to us, detective. Sorry for all the trouble they caused."
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,It's all right. I think these boys learned their lesson.
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Boy, I'll say!"
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"If you parents will just step over here, you can pay their four hundred dollar release and penalty fees."
Christian Rock Hard,Randy,Four hundred dollars? Just for downloading some songs off the Internet? It's not that big a deal.
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"Not a big deal, huh?! Come with me! I'm gonna show you something! And I don't think you're gonna like it! [leads the parents away]"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[walks off in the opposite direction] Wugh, dude. I can't wait to just go back home and get back to band practice."
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah)
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"No! Didn't you guys learn anything? Look, if we make an album, all that's gonna happen is that people are gonna steal our songs for free off the Internet. We won't make a dime!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Oh yeah.
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Until we get people to stop downloading music for free, I say we refuse to play!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. A reporter stands in front of it waiting to make his report. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny sit on the steps with a sign beside them: ""Musicians on Strike""."
Christian Rock Hard,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where the rock band, MOOP, has refused to play. The strike started yesterday and could go well into next week."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,[walks up] Oh hey guys. How's it going?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"We're not letting you back in the band, Cartman! Fuck off!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[brushes off Kyle's comment] I don't wanna be in your crappy band, guys. I just wanted to let you know, the album for my Christian rock band, [brings out the CD] Faith + 1, is about to go platinum."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,It is?? [Kyle's jaw drops]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"That's right. We already sold thirteen copies. You wanna pay me that ten-dollar bet, Kyle? Nyanyanyanya nya nya! [tugs at one of the lobes on Kyle's hat] Hahahaha ha ha!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You get a platinum album for selling one million copies, you fat turd!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"It's just a matter of time, my friends. This weekend is Christfest. The single largest gathering of Christians in the Midwest. Each one of them a walking, praying wallet full of cash. And I'll be there selling my album."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You'll never get a platinum album doing Christian rock, Cartman! It was a stupid idea then, and it's a stupid idea now!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Yeah, you don't even know anything about Christianity."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"I know enough to exploit it. Just get that ten bucks ready, Kyle. Ta-ta! [walks off]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,Go ahead! People will just download your songs for free on the Internet anyways!
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,What a dumbass. Our band is way cooler than his.
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Christ-fest, night. A stadium's parking lot is crowded with all sorts of booths selling stuff."
Christian Rock Hard,T-Shirt vendor,Psalm T-Shirts! Get a T-Shirt with your favorite psalm!
Christian Rock Hard,Bible vendor,Leather-bound bibles. Show your faith.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, it's really the best Christian album that's ever been produced, actually.."
Christian Rock Hard,Elderly woman,"Oh, this will be great for my grandchildren. They need hip cool music, but with inspirational lyrics."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[takes the woman's body and puts it in the treasurer's box] I think that's what the whole world needs, praise Christ."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Huh we're not really Christians, we're just pretendin' we are. [Cartman flashes an angry look at Butters. The woman looks deceived, but she takes the album with her anyway]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Butters, remind me later to cut your balls off."
Christian Rock Hard,MC,"[the boys look up] All right, everyone! Welcome to Christfest 2003! [the boys leave their booth and enter the stadium] are you ready for some live music? [the crown inside begins to move]"
Christian Rock Hard,A Man,Yeah Jesus!
Christian Rock Hard,MC,Then let's give it up now for one of Christian rock's biggest bands! Trinity! [the lights come up on them]
Christian Rock Hard,Trinity,"The Shepherd and the Light, and His Word lifted me up And I praise His Holy Name wherever I go."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[listening backstage, moves away a big] Dammit! If we're gonna sell our hot Christian album, we have got to get on that stage! [a group of men walk by]"
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,Hey is this the way to the backstage?
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Who are you?
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,"We're the band Sanctified. We play metal and punk, but with lyrics that inspire faith in Christ."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 2,Yeah. We proved that Christian music can be tough and hard core.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yeah, you guys are real hardcore."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,You bet your gosh-darned rear end we are!
Christian Rock Hard,Stage Hand,"[stepping in] All right, uhh, Sanctified, you guys are up next."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 3,Yeah! Let's do it!
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 2,Sent down from Heaven! The Spirit and the Glory!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Eh hey guys, wait, uh, ..we wannaaa play with you before you go onstage."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 2,"Well, that, that's cool."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,Always good to be praying before you're playin'.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[edges over to a storage room with an open door] Let's just go over here so we can hear ourselves better. [enters. The members of Sanctified follow him in] Lord, Father in Heaven, we thank you for all your blessings and we... [quickly runs out and locks the band in, then props a chair up against the doorknob so the band can't get out]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Hey, Eric, I don't think they can get out. [a shot of the stadium's exterior, then of the stands and stage]"
Christian Rock Hard,MC,"All right, Christians, how are you feeling tonight? [the crowd cheers]"
Christian Rock Hard,Fans,Praise Jesus! Praise him! My Lord!
Christian Rock Hard,MC,"Let's keep this salvation train going with the hot band, Sanctified!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stage Hand,[walks up and whispers] That's Faith + 1.
Christian Rock Hard,MC,Uh. Uh apparently there's been a change. Give it up for ... Faith + 1! [steps away as the house lights converge on the group. They begin to play]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"You know, Jesus? I've been thinking a lot about you lately and, well, that's why I wrote this song. I love you, Jesus. I want you to walk with me [the fans sway back and forth] I'll take good care of you baby. Call you my baby, baby! You died for my sins, and you know that I would die for you, right? What's the matter, baby? You tremble at Jesus, baby! Your love... is my life! You know when I’m without you, there's a black hole in my life! Oo-ohhh! I wanna believe. It's all right, 'cause I get lonely in the night and it's up to you to Save me! Jee...sus...bay-by!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. The MOOP boys are still sitting on the steps, sulking, striking."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[sighs] Dude, I didn't know being in a band was gonna be this tough."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Yeah, it's tough. But it's times like these that... you see what your band is made of. We've gotta fight through the rough times like Journey!"
Christian Rock Hard,Field reporter,"[the News 4 crew is still there, too] Tom, we're now entering the second day of the rock band MOOP's refusal to play, and the second day of absolutely no other news to report on. In a recent poll we asked people if MOOP's refusal to play would stop them from downloading music off the Internet. One percent said yes. Two percent said no. And ninety-seven percent said, ""Who the hell is MOOP?!"" Back to you, Tom."
Christian Rock Hard,Lars Ulrich,"[the guys from Metallica approach] Hey, are you the guys protesting free Internet music downloading?"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[awed] Hey, it's that Lars Ulrich guy!"
Christian Rock Hard,Lars Ulrich,That's right. Metallica is behind you dudes a thousand percent!
Christian Rock Hard,James Hetfield,"We're gonna sit here and protest with you until free downloadin' stop, hyeah!"
Christian Rock Hard,Field reporter,"Tom, it appears now the musicians' strike is growing! As I'm speaking, more musicians are arriving! It looks like Alanis Morissette, Blink 182, Britney Spears, and dozens of others are going to join MOOP in not playing music. This is a veritable Strikapalooza!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,Faith Records. Doves fly across the view. The building is bathed in bright sunlight.
Christian Rock Hard,CEO,"Guys, we here at Faith Records were very moved by your performance at Christfest. You're one of the most talented Christian rock bands we've ever heard!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Thank you so much. Christ has really blessed us with talent.
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,[tickled by Cartman's line] Heeheeheeyeah.
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,"[looking at some papers, starts off hesitantly] We just have one question, though. We were looking over some of your lyrics, uh... ""I want to walk hand-in-hand with Jesus on a private beach for two./I want him to nibble on my ear and say 'I'm here for you.'"" It...it seems you really love Christ."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, we sure do."
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,Eh no but it appears you are actually... in love with Christ. [the boys look at each other confused]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[turns the tables] Well what are you saying? That, that you don't really love Christ??"
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,[on the defensive] Well uh of course I do. I mean I just-
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Well what's the difference?! You love Christ, you're in love with Christ, I mean, uh, what the heck is this??"
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,"Uh, we'd just like to make sure the bands we sign are in it for God, and not for the money."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"I resent that, sir! I have never in my life done anything just for the money! If I'm lying may the Lord strike me down right now."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"[slowly moves away] Uhm, oh. [leaves his chair]"
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,"That's- all we needed to know. Just, sign here and we'll get your album sold."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,Commercial. A partly-cloudy sky is shown.
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"K-tal Records [its logo descends from the sky and drops below the screen] presents the most inspirational Christian rock band in the world! Faith + 1, [The CD cover appears] featuring the very best in good, wholesome Christian music."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Oh Lord you are my Savior! You know I miss you so much when you are gone.
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[speaking over Cartman] With great inspirational songs like ""I Wasn't Born Again Yesterday,"""
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes I may be born again, but I was wasn't born again yesterday."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,I wanna get down on my knees and start pleasing Jesus! I wanna feel his salvation all over my face!
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[a shot of a home library, with fireplace and the CD propped on an end table] The CD is filled with instant classics. Who doesn't remember... [the titles scroll by: ""The Body of Christ,"" ""Christ Again,"" ""A Night With the Lord,"" ""Touch Me Jesus,"" ""I Found Jesus (With Someone Else),"" ""Savior Self,"" ""Christ, What a Day,"" ""Three Times My Savior,"" ""Jesus Touched Me""]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"The Body of Christ! Sleek swimmer's body, all muscled up and toned! The Body of Christ! O, Lord Almighty, I wish I could call it my own! You're one time, two times, three times my Savior... Whenever I see Jesus up on that Cross I can't help but think that he looks kinda hot..."
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[""Quantities Limited!!!"" cycles on the screen] This album is not available in stores and limited quantities are available, so order now!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Various musical acts, some of them from Chef Aid, have gathered to strike against free music downloads with MOOP, including the Lord of the Underworld!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"I can't take this much longer. Maybe we're just, not cut out to be in a band."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You guys, we can't give up on our dreams now! As soon as this strike ends, we're gonna be the biggest band ever!"
Christian Rock Hard,Lars,"Yeah, if we all give in now, people might never stop downloading our music for free!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,I'm sure we're gonna get word any minute that people have agreed to stop. [a vehicle is heard pulling up. It's a U.S. Mail van. The driver steps out and approaches the crowd]
Christian Rock Hard,Driver,Certified letter for the rock band MOOP?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[steps down to get the letter] That's us! [the driver hands him the letter and leaves. Kyle opens the envelope and reads] ""Dear MOOP. This letter is to inform you that Faith Plus One's debut album has just sold one million copies."""
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,What??
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"""We cordially invite you to attend the platinum album award ceremony, which will be held tomorrow morning at ten. Details and proof of sales enclosed. P.S. Nananana na na. Hahahaha ha ha."" [stands silently for a moment, then hands the letter to Stan and walks forth a bit] He did it. Cartman got a platinum album."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Is this for real?? This is for real!
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,He beat us. Because all this time we've been so caught up with how to protect our music that we forgot to just play.
Christian Rock Hard,Lars,But why play if we're not gonna make millions of dollars?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[turns around and addresses the crowd] Because that's what real artists do. People are always gonna find a way to copy our music and swap it for free. If we're real musicians, then we should just play and be stoked that so many people are listening."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[joins Kyle and faces the crowd] Besides, maybe our songs would have gotten downloaded for free, but if they were good songs then people still would have bought tickets to see our band in concert. [shots of Rick James, Ozzy, Britney and two other acts.]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"From now on, MOOP isn't about money. MOOP is about music! We're not striking anymore! Who's with us?! [grins, but gets no response]"
Christian Rock Hard,Britney,...We're just about the money.
Christian Rock Hard,Other acts,"Yeah, yeah."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,[casts his eyes down] Oh.
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"So... Dude, what are you gonna do about your bet with Cartman? Are you- gonna pay 'im?"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"I don't have a choice, dude. I'm gonna swallow my pride, face Cartman, and say ""Congratulations. You were right."" And I'm gonna give him the ten dollars. And hopefully, he won't make a big deal out of it."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Platinum album award ceremony, South Park, next day. Cartman has spent plenty of money to make this possible. He brings forth a parade complete with elephants, clowns, jugglers, a marching band, carnival rides, the works. Cartman stands on stage with Token and Butters before a curtain with a large image of his album cover printed on it."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Welcome! Welcome everyone! Please enjoy! The presentation should begin shortly.
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"Cartman, what the hell is all this?"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Our platinum album ceremony. I spared no expense.
Christian Rock Hard,Token,But you spent all the money we made!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"We're Faith Plus One, Token, there'll be plenty more money. Relax and enjoy, black asshole. [addresses the milling crowd] There's hors d'oeuvres and drinks by the Ferris wheel, everyone! [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny arrive and join Cartman onstage] Oh Kyle, guys, so nice to see you!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Let's just get this over with, Cartman. You won the bet, here's ten dollars."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[deferring] Oh nonononono, not yet, Kyle. Hold on. [grabs the mic and addresses the crowd] Everyone! Everyone, can I have your attention please? [the crowd cheers wildly]"
Christian Rock Hard,A fan,We like to praise Christ!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, yes, thank you thank you. Praise Him. I think we're ready to start now. [Kyle is awfully pissed. A technician lowers a lever and stage lights bathe the boys]"
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[a power chord is played, with angelic accompaniment added] Welcome to the presentation ceremony for Faith Plus One. [the crowd cheers] And now to present the award, here's Michael Collins. [he walks up with a plaque]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,This is the worst day of my life.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Ahhh, this is the best day of my life. [basks in the moment]"
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"Boys, in recognition for over one million records sold, the Christian Recording Industry is pleased to present you with this Myrrh album. [presents the album plaque to Cartman. The crowd cheers]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,[takes the album] Thank you very uh- wah? Myrrh album?
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,I thought albums win either gold or platinum.
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"Nono, in Christian rock, our albums go gold and frankincense and myrrh. Congratulations!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Ha! Our bet was that you would get a platinum album, not a myrrh album! I don't owe you anything, fat boy!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,You mean to tell me I can never get a platinum album with a Christian rock band?!
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"No, but you can go double myrrh. [Kyle walks off and Cartman gets pissed]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"GOD DAMMIT!! [throws his plaque onto the ground, where it shatters. The myrrh album falls away and the crowd is stunned]"
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"[tries to calm Cartman down] Oh, please don't take the Lord's Name in vain."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Who cares?! I can never win my bet because you stupid assholes don't give out platinum albums!
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,But you spread the Word of the Lord. You've brought faith in Jesus.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"OH, FUCK JESUS!! [deep gasp from the crowd. A woman screams loudly in disbelief]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Eric, I-I'm pretty sure you shouldn't say the F-word about-uh Jesus."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,Yeah. You're gonna hurt the band.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[pounces onto him] Who fuckin' cares, Token?! I can never beat Kyle now! I'll say it again! Fuck Jesus! [The crowd screams in disbelief and scatters about]"
Christian Rock Hard,A Man,My ears are bleeding!
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"Good job, dickhead! You lost the entire audience!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Ah, fuck you, Token! You black asshole!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Token has had enough of that. He smacks Cartman with a left fist, a right fist, and a kick to the head. Cartman is laid out on his back and Token walks away. Cartman rises, but ends up on all fours coughing. A shot of Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. They turn to leave."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Hm. Guess he got what he deserved.
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"They walk away, leaving Butters. Cartman is still coughing and Butters is unsure what to do. He rubs his fists past each other tentatively. Then he farts on Cartman's head and flips him off."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Fuck you, Eric. [He walks away.]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"South Park Farmer's Market, Day. A crowd is gathered under this banner and listens to Father Maxi as he delivers a service."
Grey Dawn,Father Maxi,"Friends, we gather in this place to mourn the victims of yesterday's tragedy: nine good people who were run over in the street by an elderly woman driver. [the four boys are shown in their funeral best]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"[yawns] Oh God, memorial services are sooo boring."
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"[jabs Cartman and says in hushed tones] You insensitive asshole, Cartman! Nine people died!"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Yeah, but like, eight of them were hippies. Mostly hippies go to farmer's markets. Mostly."
Grey Dawn,Father Maxi,"It is sometimes hard, in times like these, to understand God's way. Why would he allow nine innocent people to be run down in the prime of their lives by a senior citizen who, perhaps, shouldn't be driving? It is then that we must understand, God's sense of humor is very different from our own. He does not laugh at the simple ""man walks into a bar"" joke. No, God needs complex irony and subtle farcical twists that seem macabre to you and me. All that we can hope for is that God got his good laugh and a tragedy such as this will never happen again. [screeching tires are heard]"
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,[rushing into the crowd] Look out!! [everyone turns to see. An elderly driver approaches them]
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,"[somewhat short, nearsighted] Huh? Was that a stop sign back there? [the banner recedes behind him. Everyone screams and the driver begins mowing people down. He crashes into a light standard at the other end of the market] Ooooh, I think I hit a pothole."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. The family is eating dinner."
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Hey Dad, how come they let old people drive?"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well, Stan, it's a very fragile issue."
Grey Dawn,Stan,But they kill people.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Sometimes, yes, but senior citizens have to be dealt with very gingerly, Stan. We can't just take their licenses away."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,[enters in his motorized wheelchair] I'll be Goddamned if they think they can take my license away! [stops at his place at table]
Grey Dawn,Sharon,"Oooh, Hi Dad."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"[to Randy] I heard what you said! You wanna take drivin' privileges away from seniors! Well let me tell you something, peckerface! I worked fifty five years in the steel mill!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,Yes Dad.
Grey Dawn,Marvin,And I flew Spitfires over Germany in World War II!
Grey Dawn,Randy,Yes I know.
Grey Dawn,Marvin,And I will be God-damned if the government thinks it can step in and take away my right to drive!
Grey Dawn,Stan,"I think old people should have rights, Grandpa. I just don't wanna die."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Stark's Pond, night. A lone man is fishing in the middle of the pond. He senses something ominous and looks around. On the road nearby, a brown Buick drives by slowly. A short old woman is at the wheel."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,"Damnit Mona, this isn't the fastest way to Country Kitchen Buffet!"
Grey Dawn,Mona,"No, but it's the shortest. I save the most gas that way. [back at the pond the fisherman casts his line and looks back at the car]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,You save the most gas if you take the highway to Country Kitchen Buffet!
Grey Dawn,Mona,"Less miles means less gas, you old fool. [back at the pond the fisherman catches something and is reeling it in, but looks at the car in doing so]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,There's Country Kitchen right there!
Grey Dawn,Mona,Where?
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,"Right there! You're gonna miss it! [the woman steps hard on the brake and spins the car out of control. The fisherman is about to put his catch into his little boat. The car smashes through the guard rail over a bridge and lands directly on the fisherman, killing him.]"
Grey Dawn,Mona,Is this the parking lot?
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,I think so.
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"News 4. A splash screen shows various correspondents and anchors, and a globe spins in front of the Montage."
Grey Dawn,Anchor,"Another death tonight by a senior citizen motorist. Carl Zorn of Pine Junction was killed instantly when struck by a vehicle driven by Pete and Lydia Malman, who were trying to find Country Kitchen Buffet. This latest tragedy comes only two days after the accident in Deer Creek, where three construction workers and a bulldozer [shown] were run down by senior citizen Paul Thom [shown, irate], who was trying to find Country Kitchen Buffet. Public outcry is forcing the DMV to consider suspending the licenses of all seniors over seventy, though no decision has yet to be made."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. The seniors have gathered there for a meeting."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Seniors of South Park, I don't know about you, but I am mad as hell!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,[randomly] Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,[rises] I'm sick of having my mental condition come into question!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 1,"[waving his cane] We need to let everyone know we're pissed off, and we're not gonna take it anymore!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,"[randomly] Yeah! Yeah! That's right, Pete!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"That's right! Now, ...can anybody remember what we're pissed off about? [everyone seems to have lost a clue] Now, remember we're all pissed about something and uh... that's why we had this meeting, but I... can't for the life of me re-"
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 2,[rises] Oooo. Was it the kids skateboarding on the sidewalks? No? [sits down]
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 2,"[seated behind a walker] Oh, I remember! They're gonna take our licenses away!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,"[randomly, suddenly animated] Yeah! Yeah! That's right!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"That's right! They're gonna try and take our licenses away! And I, for one, am mad as hell!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,"[randomly] Me too! Yeah, that's right! And mine too!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,I'm sick of having my mental condition come into question!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"So now, what are we gonna do about it?"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 3,Do about what?
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 3,They're gonna take our licenses away.
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,They are?? They can't do that! [brief argument ensues]
Grey Dawn,Marvin,That's right. So you know what I think we should do? I think we should have a senior citizens' meeting! Get all the seniors together at the community center and unite!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 3,"Great idea, Marvin!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 4,"Wait, ah I think we're having that meeting right now."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"...Oh, right, this is the meeting."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 4,Right. To get those damn kids to stop skateboarding on the sidewalks!
Grey Dawn,Seniors,[randomly] Yeah! Yeah! That's right! Someone's gotta stop them!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Sharon and Shelly are making construction paper cutouts in the kitchen. Shelly has finished some eyes."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[steps into the kitchen] Sharon, have you seen Dad?"
Grey Dawn,Sharon,"He's not here, hon. He's having a meeting with all the seniors in town at the community center."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Oh. [steps back out] Wait a minute. If all the seniors in town are at a meeting, that means that when the meeting gets out..."
Grey Dawn,Sharon,Every senior in town will be driving home...
Grey Dawn,Randy,[with rising alarm] At the same time. [closeup] Oh My God!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,Downtown South Park. People are milling around. Randy runs into the scene.
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get inside! Get inside! [people begin taking heed] Seniors' meeting getting out! Get off the streets! [everyone moves off the streets in panic]
Grey Dawn,Someone,Oh my Goddd!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. The seniors exit the center and head for their cars."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"[amid the crowd] All right, great meeting everyone. Let's do it again sometime."
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,"So long, everybody."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 5,"Goodbye, Missy. [other seniors say their goodbyes. They drive off slowly, some bumping into other cars on their way out]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, at the farmer's market. Randy runs in."
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get off the streets! Get off the streets! Old people are driving! [everyone runs off in a panic. Randy finds Gerald and grabs him] Gerald! Where are the boys?!
Grey Dawn,Gerald,We've gotta get out of here!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"The boys, Gerald! Where are they?!"
Grey Dawn,Gerald,"They, they're... they're playing street hockey!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,[closeup] Oh My God!! [lets Gerald go and runs off]
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. Stan and the boys are playing street hockey. Cartman is the goalie, a trashcan his goal."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"[providing his own play-by-play] With just ten seconds to go, the offense makes its move. Marsh heads for the goal and passes the ball to the poor kid. The poor kid hands it out to the Jew! The Jew shoots. Awww, and the shot is blocked again [the ball bounces off Cartman's girth], proving once and for all that Jews cannot play hockey!"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,It isn't fair. Cartman's fatter than the goal.
Grey Dawn,Cartman,I'm not fat. I just have a sweet hockey body.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[in the distance] GET OFF THE STREETS! [Cartman perks up a bit] GET OFF THE STREETS! [the other boys listen, then turn to face the source of the sound]"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"Dude, look!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,[running across empty fields] GET OFF... THE STREETS! GET OFF THE STREETS!
Grey Dawn,Stan,What is that?
Grey Dawn,Kyle,I don't know.
Grey Dawn,Randy,[coming closer] GET OFF... GET OFF THE STREET!
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"Dude, is that your dad?"
Grey Dawn,Stan,I think so.
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Looks like Stan's dad's been hittin' the bottle again.
Grey Dawn,Randy,-STREETS!! OFF-
Grey Dawn,Stan,What is he saying?
Grey Dawn,Kyle,I can't understand him.
Grey Dawn,Randy,GAAAAAH!!
Grey Dawn,Cartman,[slowly] Calm down! We cannot understand you!
Grey Dawn,Kenny,"[Looks to his right] (Ohhhhh, look!) [a phalanx of slow-moving cars cruises down the street towards them] (You guys!)"
Grey Dawn,Stan,Oh! [drops his hockey stick and holds his hands to his face]
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Old people!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[scoops them up and away] Come on! [the cars get closer, Randy and the boys head for a an abandoned lodge]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Oh God, they're coming! [the other boys mutter other things]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"The Lodge. The group enters, Randy shuts and blocks the doors."
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get over there! Stay low! [the boys go to the far wall and turn around]
Grey Dawn,Kyle,Why are they all out driving at the same time?
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Shhhh! [lowers the blinds, closed them, and peeks out. Seeing nothing, he closes the blinds and sighs in relief] It's okay, boys. They're gone. Let's just lay low for a minute until we can find- [a blue car crashes through the large picture window the blinds were covering and stops. Randy jumps in alarm] AWWWW!!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,[a man] I don't remember there being a building here.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"RUN! [they all gather at a corner, but another car crashes through the wall]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly passenger,"[a woman] I told you to turn left, Larry."
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get up the stairs! Up the stairs! Come on! Come on!! [he and the boys run up the stairs]
Grey Dawn,Kyle,Aah! There's another one!
Grey Dawn,Randy and the Boys,AAAHH!!
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,"[follows them up the stair in her car] Excuse me, is this Costello Avenue? [Randy and the boys reach the second floor]"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"In here! [Randy opens a door and a bloody body drops down, dangling by its feet. They move on to the next room and close the door]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,They're not gonna stop until we're all dead!
Grey Dawn,Randy,Quiet! Keep quiet! [a few seconds of silence pass]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Dad, I'm scared."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Just, keep your voices down. We'll stay the night in here. We'll stay the whole winter if we have to. [looks for a light switch to flip on]"
Grey Dawn,Stan,I'm not staying the winter in this room! We just need to tell old people they can't drive anymore!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Awgh. Stan, it's not that simple! Just relax while I find the lights. Here we go. [finds the switch and flips them on, revealing a car]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,How the hell did we get up here?
Grey Dawn,Randy and the boys,AAAAAAAHH!! [quickly exit the room]
Grey Dawn,Elderly passenger,I told you this was the wrong way!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"News 4. A splash screen shows various correspondents and anchors, and a globe spins in front of the montage."
Grey Dawn,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing outside of the Department of Motor Vehicles, where senior citizens have until three p.m. to hand over their driver's licenses. The new law was passed just three days after the Night of Horror, in which all seniors were out driving at the same time, causing fourteen deaths and three million dollars in damage."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"DMV, inside. A poster on the wall says ""Drive 65 MPH. Stay alive."" Two men and a woman sit at a table taking the licenses seniors standing in line give them."
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"[seated in the middle, takes a license from an elderly man] Alrighty. [cuts it in two and drops the halves into a box] There we go. Next? [a fat elderly lady approaches, then the elderly man with the walker]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 2,It ain't right what you're doin'! I never had an accident in my life!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 6,That's right. You shouldn't punish all of us. [the senior with the walker leaves the table]
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"We're sorry, but this is the only way to be sure. Next please. [cuts up another license] There we go."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 6,But how am I supposed to get to the grocery store? Or the pharmacy to buy medicine?
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"Well, maybe you should be in a nursing home. Hmmm?"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 7,Some of us would rather die!
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"Well, we can certainly help you with that, too."
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 7,We aren't second-class citizens!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 8,"That's right! You can take our licenses, but you'll never take our pride!"
Grey Dawn,An Elderly Man,Yeah...
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. The boys leave the house."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Ooooh, isn't this great you guys? Being able to walk the streets now that old people are confined to their homes where they belong?"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Billy, get in the car! I need you boys to help me pick up my new Hov-Around."
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Uh, Grandpa, I don't think you should be driving."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"God-damnit Billy! You're supposed to listen to your dad, right?! Well I'm your dad's dad, and that means you get in this car before I tan all your hides!"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"[to the other boys] Well, look at it this way: statistically speaking, we're safer inside a car with an old person driving than outside."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"My God, he's right. [the boys climb in, strap themselves in, and Cartman offers a quick prayer] Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, even though I walk through the valley of death. [Marvin starts up the car and groans a bit] Guys, I don't know if I ever told you this, but, well, I love you guys. [a few moments later] Except for you, Kyle."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Okay, all set? [he backs out of the a driveway, and an oncoming car honks at him. The driver screams something at him. Pretty soon, other cars and trucks are doing their best to avoid him. Cars begin crashing and flying through the air. The boys wince at every accident]"
Grey Dawn,Kenny,(Oooooo my God!) [a police cruiser catches up to them]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Ah, I think there's a police car behind you, Grandpa."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Eh? [signals to the officer] Go around. Go around, you moron!"
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"Blue Impala, pull your vehicle over!"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,I believe that's us... thank God. [Marvin pulls over to the side and stops. Barbrady stops as well and approaches the driver side.]
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"Could I see your license, please?"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,I ain't got one! You peckers took it!
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"Well then, I have to take you to jail."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"You just try taking me to jail, scrotum-head! You just try!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,The police jail. Marvin sits behind bars with a cane.
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Stupid son of a- God damnit!
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"I just got him right here, Mr. Marsh."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Oh brother. Well, good job, dad! Look at you now!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Oh God damnit, don't you lecture me you son of a bitch!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"You just had to be so damn stubborn, didn't you?!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Now my son is gonna talk to me like I'm twelve.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"We're not treating you like children, Dad. All right? Now I think you owe Mr. Police Officer an apology. Who needs to apologize, hm? [wags his left index finger at Marvin] Who's the sorry-sorry?"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Kiss my sagging ass!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well fine. I was gonna bail you out, but maybe you can just sit here for a bit and think about what you did!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Well I won't be sitting here long! I've already called the AARP!
Grey Dawn,Stan,What's that?
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"The American Association of Retired Persons! The largest political group in the country! When seniors like me are bein' discriminated against, the AARP comes and sets it right! [points to Randy] And you're gonna be sorry when they get here!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Mr. garrison's Classroom, day. He is giving a history lesson to the class."
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,"And so you see, children, Genghis Khan was a ""Mongol,"" not to be confused with a ""mongoloid"" like the actor, Nicolas Cage. Okay now, who can tell me in what [notices something outside and goes to the window, his voice fading off] the ...first ...film by a... mongoloid..."
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,[What he sees is elderly paratroopers drifting down onto the school grounds. The kids' eyes follow him and then the kids gather at the window with him] That's odd. [the AARP has landed] Those ROTC guys are way off course. [the paratroopers open their cargo boxes and unload some firearms]
Grey Dawn,Cartman,More old people!
Grey Dawn,Stan,The American Association of Retired Persons.
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,"Stay in your seats, children. I'll be right back."
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,Set up a perimeter! Bring Bravo Team to Point Delta!
Grey Dawn,AARP member 1,[a heavyset woman] Bravo Team is go.
Grey Dawn,AARP member 2,[a light-skinned black man] Move! Move! Move!
Grey Dawn,AARP member 3,[a woman in purple dress] Let's go! Let's go! [Mr. Garrison comes out to meet them.]
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, can I help you folks find something? [the woman smacks him across the face with the butt of her semi-automatic.] Oowww! [goes down in pain on one knee. The seniors begin firing away, with rifles, semi-automatics, whatever. The kids look on and gasp]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Old people gone mad!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,U.S. Geological Service. Randy sits at his desk making notes when he hears the soft rustling of tarp on snow. He spins around in his chair to see more AARP paratroopers. He rises in disbelief. A gas canister flies through the window and unleashes its fumes. Randy starts coughing. The door flies open and some AARP paratroopers walk in wearing gas masks.
Grey Dawn,AARP member,"[woman wearing a flower-design dress] Contact. [quickly aims her machine gun at Randy] Put your hands up, young man!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,South Park Jail. Marvin is looking out his small cell window when the AARP enters the jail and approach the cell.
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,Marvin Marsh?
Grey Dawn,Marvin,[turns around] Yes?
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,"I'm Bill Stewart, President of the AARP. Hu-we've come to help the seniors in this town fight back."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Oh, it's nice to meet ya, Bill."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,Huh?? We came as fast as we could. We just had to stop by Country Kitchen Buffet first.
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Shady Acres, a Retirement Community. The AARP has arrived."
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,[a black man] It's the nursing home! Liberate our comrades!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Shady Acres, inside"
Grey Dawn,Male nurse,"There now, Mr. Johnson. [wheels a senior across the room] We can go to the cafeteria and get you some creamed corn and toast. [the front doors swing open and the nurse stops in his tracks. The AARP members swarm in] Can I help you?"
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,"Help this! [jams the butt of his gun into the nurse, and the nurse falls.] The revolution is on, brother! [hands Mr. Johnson a semi-automatic] We're taking control of the town!"
Grey Dawn,Mr. Johnson,"Well, alright, well it's about damn time! [addresses the nursing home residents] Hey everyone, we're taking the town. [other seniors look at him and express their approval]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,The television room. More seniors there are watching TV.
Grey Dawn,AARP member,"[enters with the black leader] Seniors, we're taking the town over."
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,The revolution is on! [walks away]
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,The revolution?
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,"Oh, I'd better get my other sweater. [goes to change while the others leave the room]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,A convalescent room.
Grey Dawn,A nurse,"[distributing weapons] Mrs. Wyland, seniors are taking over the town. Would you like a gun?"
Grey Dawn,Mrs. Wyland,"Oh, I suppose so."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. One of the members brings Randy forward."
Grey Dawn,Randy,What the hell is going on?!
Grey Dawn,AARP member,Shut your piehole and get over there! [Randy joins Gerald and other adult hostages]
Grey Dawn,Gerald,"Randy, what is this?"
Grey Dawn,Stewart,Hey! You are now under the authority of the AARP!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Ha! There you go, Mr. Smartmouth! Look at you now!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Dad, what are you doing??"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,The AARP is gonna help us take this town until we get our licenses back!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,"[in dark-blue dress] Yeah, and we're gonna ask for more money in Medi-Care, too!"
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,[black] That's right.
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,Yeah.
Grey Dawn,Man in Vest,[handcuffed in front] Have you all got Alzheimer's? The-they're not gonna listen to a bunch of whacked out senior citizens.
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"[puts hand to ear] Heh?? [lowers his hand] We'll tell them if they don't give us our demands, we'll start killin' hostages!"
Grey Dawn,Man in vest,"Huh, right. They're gonna really believe that. [the elderly woman next to him simply lifts her gun and fires at the man point blank. The man falls down dead]"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Isn't that a little extreme, Bill?"
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"[puts hand to ear] Heh?? [lowers his hand] No, we gotta be tough! Just like with those damned Japs!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"This is insane, Dad! You all need to stop right now before more people get hurt!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"The time when you can tell me what to do is over, pucky-boy! We're in charge now!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The town is now an encampment, protected by barbed wire, sandbags, and metal shields. Mrs. Wyland stands behind some sandbags with her IV unit."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"All right, we've got control of the Mayor's office and the fire station."
Grey Dawn,AARP member,Reinforcements have arrived from the nursing home in Conifer.
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"Good! Hell, us senior citizens could take over the entire country!"
Grey Dawn,AARP lookout,[a black woman] We've got company! [the military arrives]
Grey Dawn,Tank driver,[over a PA system] Attention seniors: lay down your weapons and turns yourselves over!
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"Mrs. Applegate, show 'em we mean business."
Grey Dawn,Mrs. Applegate,"[holding an RPG launcher] All right. [fires the rocket and falls back from the recoil. The rocket heads for a Jeep full of troops. The troops scramble off. The rocket strikes and demolishes the Jeep, killing one of the soldiers]"
Grey Dawn,Tank driver,What do you want?
Grey Dawn,Stewart,[puts hand to ear] Heh??
Grey Dawn,Marvin,We want our licenses back!
Grey Dawn,Other seniors,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,That's right. And we want more money in Medi-Care!
Grey Dawn,Other seniors,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,And we want those damned kids to stop skateboardin' on the sidewalk!
Grey Dawn,Other seniors,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Nighttime, the drive-in. All adults who are not senior citizens have been gathered into an enclosure around the massive screen. Two seniors stand guard at the gates, other seniors keep the adults in line. The adults are cold. Some cough, some try to keep warm by burning tires inside empty gas drums. Randy is one of those warming his hands over a fire. He moans. The boys arrive, having not been arrested."
Grey Dawn,Stan,Hey Dad.
Grey Dawn,Randy,[runs to the fence] Stan! Boys! You're safe!
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Dad, why is everyone letting old people do this? Why doesn't somebody stop them?"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"They've tried to stop them, son, but... the seniors get up so early in the morning they... get everything done before everyone else is even awake!"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,They're saying something about taking over the entire country.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[exasperated] Yes. And now seeing how early they get up, I don't see how anyone can stop them. Wait a minute. You boys! You get up almost as early as they do! You can fight them!"
Grey Dawn,Stan,"No. Come on, Dad. Can't you guys do it?"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"No, son. We... like to sleep in."
Grey Dawn,An elderly woman,"Two hostages come front and center! [Randy looks back, alarmed]."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"They're coming!! Get out of here before they see you! Run to the hills and find a way to fight them! Go!! [the boys turn and leave] Boys, avenger me! AVENGE ME!!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,The woods. The boys have set up a little camp there for the night.
Grey Dawn,Stan,"All right, check it out. Kenny did reconnaissance on the town. The old people have blockades here [south entrance] and here [west entrance]. The old ladies are keeping watch in towers around the perimeter, and the leaders along with my grandpa are most likely in the Mayor's office."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,So our only solution is to cut off their life force.
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"We can't fight them, Cartman."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,No. But we can sneak into town and shut down their food supply. [runs his finger along the map to its destination] Here.
Grey Dawn,Kyle,Country Kitchen Buffet?
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Yeah. You take out Country Kitchen Buffet, and old people won't know what to do."
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"That's a retarded idea, Cartman!"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Is it? Two years ago they closed the Country Kitchen Buffet in Steamboat Springs. And all the old people died of starvation in less than a week.
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Yeah, I remember hearing about that."
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"Even if it could work, how would we go about shutting it down?"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"I think I have a plan, though we'll have to do it tonight."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"We'll start by sneaking into town, cleverly disguised as black people. [they appear from the sides of buildings dressed in black and then gather in front of one of them] At 5:45 Kenny and Kyle split off and set a diversion on the east end of town. [they head for a train at the South Park Train Station and climb into a caboose. Kenny pulls on the horn] Meanwhile, Stan and I sneak into the Mayor's office[the elderly guards sleep standing up and fail to take notice of any sound] and steal some of the explosives the old people have stashed."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Nine o'clock: we rendezvous at the Country Kitchen Buffet, where we strap the explosives and the timer to Kyle's chest. We say our tearful goodbyes to Kyle, and then we send him inside."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Cartman does all the strapping, and he brings out a remote-control trigger as Kyle approaches the restaurant's front door. He presses the button and the buffet blows up. Kyle's charred hat drops back in front of the boys. The boys cheer."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Stan,All right!
Grey Dawn,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Aw yeah!
Grey Dawn,Stan,We did it! [Cartman is finished and the others look at him like he's crazy]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"...Yeah, or we just go to Country Kitchen Buffet and lock it from the inside so the seniors can't get in."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Well, right, or we could always do that."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The old people have the run of the town, and they're bringing in heavier artillery."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"All right everyone, round up your ammunition and get ready to move! We're takin' this war further out!"
Grey Dawn,AARP Members,[amid other cheers] All right!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Uh, I appreciate what the AARP is tryin' to do for us, but uh, all we want is our licenses back."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,[puts hand to ear] Huh?? [lowers his hand] Heck no! This is goin' too well.We're gonna take the whole country back. Wipe out everyone below the age of sixty five!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Wipe 'em out?? What are you? Senile?
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"[approaches the front door of Country Kitchen Buffet] Come on, everyone! It's time to plan for Phase 2! [tries to get the doors open, but finds they're locked. He scratches his head] What the heck? [checks again, but the doors remain locked] Huh? What is this?! It's 6 a.m. C-Country Kitchen should be open!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 9,"It's not open? It has to be! [each man takes a door and tries to open it, but the doors won't budge]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 10,Try a window.
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 11,"[bangs on a window, to no avail] They're blocked from the inside."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,No... [bangs frantically on the double doors] Let us in! Let us in!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 9,Open the door! It's six a.m. [the other seniors come up and bang on the windows]
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,Open the Country Kitchen Buffet for us!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,You have to let us in! [a few hours later and all the seniors are sprawled out on the snow. One of them is still trying to crawl. A few more hours and all movement has stopped]
Grey Dawn,Army official,"All right everyone, area secure. Collect their weapons and free the hostages. [walks up to the boys] That was a great strategy, boys. You may very well have saved this entire country. [Randy and Sharon arrive rubbing their eyes. Gerald and Sheila arrive also]"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Whoa-ho-ho-ooh, what happened? Is it over?"
Grey Dawn,Army Official,Everything is fine. Control of the town is back to you folks.
Grey Dawn,Stewart,[two soldiers escort his fatigued self away] Country Kitchen... wha-what happened?
Grey Dawn,Soldier,"[one of two escorting Marvin] Sir, what should we do with this one?"
Grey Dawn,Army official,It's up to the townspeople.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well, I think he learned his lesson. Huh? Don't you feel silly now, Dad? I think somebody owes us all an apology. Yes he does."
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Oh, stop it, Dad! This is partly your fault!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,Huh?
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Look, all Grandpa wants is not to be talked to like a child. I think half of what he was angry about wasn't what you were doing, but how you were doing it."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,That's right.
Grey Dawn,Stan,"And Grandpa, you should be proud that you made it through life to be a senior, but you should also realize that, when you're behind the wheel, you're a killing machine."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,I know. I guess sometimes us seniors need to know when to stop driving so we don't put the responsibility on our families.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well, I think this has been a real learning experience for the Marsh family. People died, but we all grew a little. Let's just go home."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Sure. I'll drive.
Grey Dawn,Randy,[laughs and goes to wheel Marvin off] That's our Grandpa. [both men and Sharon laugh]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"[to his friends] Dude, I hate my family. [looks down embarrassed and walks away]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan, Kenny, and Cartman watch TV from the couch. Cartman is eating a bowl of chips."
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Dude, I wonder where Kyle is."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Maybe he caught a disease and died. That'd be so awesome.
Casa Bonita,Stan,Dude that's not funny. You shouldn't joke about that.
Casa Bonita,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Who's joking? [a door opens and closes offscreen]
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[enters excitedly, his arms up in the air] You guys! You guys! I have awesome news!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,You have AIDS?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"No. This Saturday, for my birthday, my Mom says she's takin' me to Casa Bonita, in Denver, and I get to invite three friends!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[stands up] Wow! Casa Bonita?!
Casa Bonita,Kenny,[stands up] (Woo-hoo!)
Casa Bonita,Stan,[stands up] What's Casa Bonita?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Dude, haven't you ever been there?! It's a big Mexican restaurant where they have, like, cliff jumpers and Black Bart's Cave and [holds out his hand wide] all kinds of stuff!"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,It's like the Disneyland of Mexican restaurants.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"This Saturday! Awesome! [begins to sing to ""La Cucaracha""] Casa Bonita! Casa Bonita! Food and fun in a festive atmosphere. [begins to snap his fingers] Casa Bonita!"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Who said I'm inviting you? [this freezes Cartman for a few seconds]
Casa Bonita,Cartman,You... your Mom said you could take three friends.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Yes. Three friends. You're not my friend.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Wuh ih uh... Weh come on, Kyle, who the hell else are you gonna take besides Stan and Kenny?"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"I'm gonna take Butters. He invited me to his birthday party last month, so I owe him one."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Butters?! You're gonna take THAT butt hole?! Why?!
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Because Butters isn't a total dick to me!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,I have never been a dick to you.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] Oh please! All you ever do is call me names and rip on me for being Jewish!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Kyle, when have I ever ripped on you for being a Jew?"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[thinks back and counts the number of times Cartman has ripped on him for being a Jew][in the playground. Craig is there instead of Kenny] Oh yeah?! Well you're a stupid Jew![in the playground, by the school's back doors] You're a Jew![in Cartman's room. Cartman is wearing a crown] Shut your God-damned Jew mouth![at Kyle's house, on the front steps] Good job, Jew![singing the Dreidel song with Kyle's family and Stan] Jew...[leaving his seat in class] Shut up, Jew![at Cartman's house, with outfits] You're Jewish!![seated on a curb with the other boys] Dude, he's Jewish![staking out a house] Jew![on Nightline, seated next to Stan] Jew![in Cartman's dining room] Jew![at the side of a road, with Tweek and with their parents] Jew![next to stacks of lumber, as Kyle is about to whack him] Jew![at a barn, through a hole on the roof] Jew![Stan's room. Kyle reads a Bible] Jew?![At the Costa Rican rainforest, during practice] ""I told you Jewish people don't have rhythm."" ""Fuck off, Cartman!"""
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[Cartman thinks back as well] Okay, except maybe for that one time."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"You've always been a dick to me, Cartman, and I'm not inviting you. [turns and walks away, but Cartman stays close]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Kyle, you don't understand! Casa Bonita is my most favorite place [Kyle turns around] in the whole world. I'll just, I'll just die if you don't take me! Please! [holds his hands together in a sign of pleading]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[crosses his arms and avoids Cartman's eyes] Sorry, my mind's made up."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[turns irate and flips him off] Well fuck you, Kyle!! I don't wanna go to your faggy birthday party anyway! I'd rather hang out at home than have to be around you and your Jew mom for a day! [shoves the middle finger close to Kyle's face] Kiss my balls, asshole!!! [turns and walks away. The front door opens, closes, and opens again. Cartman returns and apologizes] Dude, I totally didn't mean that, Kyle. I really really wanna go to Casa Bonita. I'm sorry we had that fight just now. You know, I mean, I said some things, you said some things, but, I think it was good and we-we've moved past it."
Casa Bonita,Kyle:,[clearly annoyed now] I'm not inviting you to Casa Bonita.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[turns irate and flips him off again] Well fuck you, Kyle!! I hope you die! I hope you fucking die!! [turns and walks away. The front door opens, then closes]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. Cartman sleeps..."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Casa Bonita! Come on, you guys! [waves them on. Next scene is him getting a large platter of food] Oh, awesome!! [next scene is him waving his friends to a cave] Come on, you guys! Black Bart's Cave! [next scene is him by a waterfall] Wow, cliff divers! [a cliff diver takes a dive from the top of the waterfall. Next scene is Cartman on his third dish] More sopapillas, please! [next scene has him dancing in front of a low stage, on which a mariachi quartet plays its songs. An image of Kyle floats through his dream]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"I'm not inviting you, Cartman. You can't go."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[with more foods on his plates, the dream dissolves. He's pulled up and away] No! Noooo! [he's pulled out of Casa Bonita and floats away] Casa Bonita! Noooo! [startled out of his dream] AAAAH!! [catches his breath] Oh... God-damnit, I have to get invited to go! I'm just gonna have to start being nice to Kyle!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, next day. Cartman approaches the front door in a nice sweater and rings the bell. Kyle answers."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[looking quite presentable] Hi Kyle. [smiles]
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[studies Cartman a bit, but isn't impressed] That isn't it, Cartman."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,What isn't it?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,That's not being nice! That's just putting on a nice sweater!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,...I don't understand the difference.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,I know you don't. [steps back and slams the door on Cartman's face]
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids head for class: Bill, Craig, Wendy, then Jimmy. Cartman enters and rounds the corner, sees Jimmy and runs up to him."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Jimmy! Hey Jimmy, wait up! [Annie and Red walk by at the far end of the hall. Jimmy stops] Dude, uh I need your help on something."
Casa Bonita,Jimmy,"Well, sure, Eric. W-w-what seems to be the p-p-p-problem?"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Well, everybody likes you, Jimmy, a-and you seem to be really good with people, so, I was wondering if you could tell me, how ""do"" you act nice to people?"
