Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kenny,"(Huh?) [Connelly takes Cartman and Kyle, Sphinx takes Kenny and Stan. They then carry the boys out the door. Sphinx reaches back to close it]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Mr. Garrison,"I hope you give them the chair! [turns back to the chalkboard] Anyway, children, as I was saying, Hare Krishnas are totally gay. [writes ""Hare Krishnas"" on the board.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"A military complex. The boys are seated inside a hangar, with a lamp shining on them."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Oh, dude, this is not cool!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Relax, fatass."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"No. Dude, I've seen this on TV. They shine that light in your face, and then they try to get you to tell them stuff by squeezing your balls really hard."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,What??
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Dude, I've seen it! They grab your balls with their leather-gloved hands and they squeeze 'em as hard as they can until they pop like little grapes!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,"Stan, Kyle","Ow, dude! [the hangar doors open and the two agents enter]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,[pointing] Start with Kenny! Start with Kenny! [Kenny looks at him]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Relax, boys. We just need to talk with you."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"* I told you, fatass."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Approximately 31 hours ago, an ethnic-looking child was spotted flying some kind of state-of-the-art space craft over Chinese air space."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Whoa, cool."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,Cool? That craft appears to have enough plutonium fuel on board to blow up a large city! Do you think that's cool?!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Totally!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Alright, children, we just need to know one thing: Do you know this person? [holds up a picture of Marvin]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Heeyy, that's Starvin' Marvin."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Sshh!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Who?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"You dumbass, Cartman! Now they're gonna go squeeze his balls!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Oh. We don't know him.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"We already know you know him. We have this! [a picture of the boys standing behind Marvin outside King Jimmy's Buffet] Now, who is he?! [Kyle farts, and the boys laugh]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Kyle's makin' mudpies; you guys want one? [the agents walk away and talk with each other. The boys laugh for a long time...]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,This is getting us nowhere. We'll have to resort to more drastic measures.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,But they're just kids. We can't torture them.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Look, we don't know what that craft is capable of, but the kid is going to have to land it somewhere. God only knows what sadistic backwards Third-World country could get their hands on that ship!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Australia. The ship heads towards it, with a song playing in the cockpit. Marvin is enjoying his flight, but the screen tells him to debark"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Singer,"Soaring so high above the world,Never thought I could be so free.I'm one with the birds, and magic is all I see."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man 1,"[pointing] Oy, look up there! [the ship descends and the engines turn off]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man 2,It's a UFO! [the windshield rolls back]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Crowd,[start backing up] Oohh?!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,[appears] Dogom * Dommm * *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man 3,"Boy, that's one creeepy alien."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Gmm * Mmm-mm * *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man 4,"[prodding] Talk to 'im, Mayor. [the Mayor walks up to Marvin and speaks]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Mayor,"Great and noble alien creature. As Mayor of the fine planet of Australia, I welcome you to our fine... planet of Australia. Chippy chip"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Crowd,Churrah! [Marvin pulls out pencil and paper and starts drawing...]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Mayor,"Look out, he's got a gun! [shields his face. The others cower]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man 5,"Wait, it's not a gun. It's a piece of paper."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Mayor,"Oh. [the paper has a drawing of Australia and of Marvin's people. Marvin draws an arrow from his people to Australia] Oh, I think he's tryin' to tell us that he wants to relocate all his species here to Australia."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,* * Muogleblabla mb'g * *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Mayor,"Well, you certainly are all welcome 'ere, alien. In fact, there's a mission right over there that will take all your people in. [it looks just like the one he left in Ethiopia. A woman is at the door.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Woman,"Hello-o. [Marvin looks, and the smile leaves his face. He hops back into the craft and takes off]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Mayor,Guess the little pecker doesn't like missionaries.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The military complex. The children are being tortured, but not physically. They moan and grunt"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Now, I'll ask you again. Who is the little boy that took our ship?"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,We don't know. [some scratching is heard]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,The Boys,Aaaaaaaa! [Sphinx is scratching at a balloon] Aaaaaaaa!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,[holds up a picture of Marvin in the spacecraft] Who is this person!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,[gasping] K-kill me.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Do it again. [Sphinx scratches the balloon...]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,The Boys,Aaaaaaaa!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"No wait. I'll tell you. [the agents take off their ear muffs] He's, he's a little starving Ethiopian kid. We adopted him."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Cartman!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,Adopted from whom?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Sally. Sally Struthers. The lady on TV. She knows everything. Sally Struthers.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Sally Struthers!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,Where can we find her?!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,I know exactly where Sall Struthers is. Let them go.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Good job, fatass!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Dude, I couldn't take anymore of that balloon. Another couple hours of that, and I would've been totally pissed off."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,[moving past Kyle and Cartman] Whatever. Let's go see what's on TV.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Ethiopia, the FEED THE CHILDREN FOUNDATION building. The agents sit in the lobby reading newspapers"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Receptionist,"Gentlemen, Ms. Struthers can see you now. [the men rise and go for the door, but before they enter Connelly stops and closes the door]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"I'm warning you, Bill. Sally Struthers is a bit heavy. But don't say anything, because she's pretty sensitive."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Oh, I would never say anything. I saw some show where they made fun of Sally Struthers' weight, and I thought it was totally cruel. I mean, she helps people, you know. [they enter. The storage room has been transformed into awfully dark living quarters for her]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Ah, Ms. Struthers."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Oh ho ho ho. [she now has the shape of a Hutt] Un chaka solo david. Saime no Chewbacca dakaiminbi? ho ho. [""Hello gentlemen. How can I help you?""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Ms. Struthers. We understand you have helped raise millions of dollars to help starving children in Ethiopia.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Oh? Makarendae bi cho. [""I do my best.""] Ho ho ho."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,We need information on one of the Ethiopians. You must tell us everything you know about him. [waves his hand in a Jedi fashion]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Do ba kim.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Uh, heh-his name is Starving Marvin."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"[begins to sniff around] Jonoba unko chocolate Yum Yum bar ancho? [""Is that a chocolate Yum Yum bar in your pocket?""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Why, yes. It is a chocolate Yum Yum bar, Ms. Struthers [removes it from his coat pocker and waves it around], and there are several more where that came from. [Sally licks her lips. Connelly sees a trash can nearby and opens it, then dangles the bar over it] Of course, if you don't want to tell us about the Ethiopian boy..."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Mmmmo na ka!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,[closes the trashcan and walks over with the candy bar] I'm... glad we can do business.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The boys are on the sofa watching TV. Cartman has the remote"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Come on, dude. There's gotta be somethin' about Starvin' Marvin in the news."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Well, I can't find anything- wait. What's this? [a shot of Pat Robertson asking for pledges on the CBC channel.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"Uh, God wants you to send us money. He needs you to send us money so we can help others."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Oh, my God, this guy again. [""What we do is- ""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Why would anybody send this asshole money? [""-we go all around the world and-""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kenny,"(To pay for the pockets on his peehole) [The boys laugh. ""-we give Bibles and and, and...""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Yeh-hah. [They hear noise outside, and soon Marvin's ship crashes through the front wall of the house.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,Whoa! [They rush outside to see the rest of the ship. Cartman goes to see the damage]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Oh! Aww! [Part of the second story of the house falls away.] Oh, weak! [Marvin hops down from the ship]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Starvin' Marvin!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Bongi groinit * *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,He did take a ship.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Well nice job, Marvin! I hope you got about a thousand dollars to pay for my house!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Ingan *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Dude, you're gonna get busted for taking this thing."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Chede gwodum * * godom.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,I think he wants us to get in.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Kick ass! [Marvin returns to the pilot's seat; the others hop in and stand around him.] Wow, this thing is awesome!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Let's go somewhere. [Marvin pulls the ship out of Cartman's house and flies low over the ground]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Singer,"Soaring so high above the world,Never thought I could be so free."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"[the ship goes higher, over other cities] Wow!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Yes!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Singer,"I'm one with the birds, and magic is all I see."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,This is great!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Yeah, but where's that crappy song coming from? Could you turn that off? [""And it's a wonderful day 'cause something-""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,[turns off the music] Gmmm?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Yeah, that's better."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Ethiopia, day. A man tries to rise, but doesn't have the energy to do it"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man,Oooh. [falls back on his pillow. Sister Hollis comes up]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,Hello? Howare we doing today? Look what I got for you.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Man,[quickly rising] Nn * wohg *?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"No, it's not food. It's a cross. [hands it to him] And it has your Christian name printed on it. From now on, you are Michael. Can you say ""Michael""? [the man clicks and holds up the cross] Mmmi-chael. [the man clicks again] Oh, well. You'll get it. [walks away and heads over to a family of four] Hello, brother David. Do you have any sins to confess? [David does not respond, but a fly lands on his eye] Anybody? Sins to confess? Joshua? [he just looks up at her] You know, today I'm reminded of Psalm 46, line 39: ""Though the mountains shake and th-"" [the CIA agents walk up]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Here they are!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,Who are you?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,We're with the American government! Sally Struthers told us where we'd find Marvin's parents!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Hello there, Mr. and Mrs. Clickclickderk. I think you know why we're here. [the family stares in horror]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The Marklar ship, night. The boys are flying over a desert"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"No, dude, you don't wanna bring your people to Mexico, there's missionaries there, too."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Blubedegub? [points to Utah on the map]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"No way, not Utah. Utah's nothin' but missionaries."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Dude, it looks like he's tried everywhere in the world. [the world map is shown]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Well, he hasn't been here yet. Where's this? [presses a big red button on the left side of the display panel. The ship bucks and heads into space.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,Whooaaa! [the ship rolls sideways for a moment]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"What the hell did you hit, Cartman?! [a wormhole appears before them, and they head for it]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Oh, my God! What the hell is that thing?! [the ship races into the wormhole]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa! [everything inside the ship begins to twist and warp] Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa! [more twisting and warping, and the ship races out of the wormhole into a star system with a green planet. Everything inside the ship is normal again]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,[gasps] Where are we?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Gobin gobedo * * gowog. [the ship heads down into the atmosphere and then towards an island]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"We're on like, some foreign planet."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,This place is rad. Look at all the trees and stuff.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,"Gewhit * * Gewit um hebed wabaduh. Gabalah. [the ship descends to a plain next to a waterfall, and lands]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Planet Marklar, day. The ship's windshield rolls back. The boys climb down and look around"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Badak bladla buk.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar Leader,Greetings. Welcome to Marklar.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Uh, thanks."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar Leader,"I am Marklar, leader of the Marklar."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"U-uh, cool. My name is Stan, and a-uh, I'm the leader of Earth."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar Leader,[bows] Marklar to you.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Cool!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Ey! I'm the leader of Earth!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sta,"Screw you, Cartman! I called leader first!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Well, you can call leader 'til your ass bleeds, but that doesn't make it true! [the Marklar leader looks a bit confused. Marvin steps forward and smiles. The land around the group is green and lush, water is plentiful...]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar Leader,We are very thankful to you for bringing our marklar back to us.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,[joins Marvin] Wait. I thought you called your planet Marklar.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar Leader,"Oh, here on Marklar, we refer to all people, places, and things as marklar."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Well, our friend Marvin and all his people have to live on a part of Earth that sucks ass. They can't grow food or nothin'."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"[Cartman looks in pleasant wonder] Yeah, so it would be really cool if you would let Marvin and all his people come live here."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar Leader,"Well, there is a lot of room on Marklar. If Marklar here wants to bring his marklar to Marklar, that would be fine. Just take our marklar back to Marklar and bring all the marklar back with you."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Uuh. Thanks.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,* *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Ethiopia, day. The agents are still drilling Marvin's family"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Let's go through this one more time, Mr. and Mrs. Clickclickderk! Your son Marvin has the ship that we want! How can we get it from him? [the family sits still]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"[switching places with Connelly] We are the CIA. That ship needs to be with us! Maybe we should just take something precious of yours, huh?! [lifts his shades and scans the area] Daha! [picks up a gourd and dangles it] This! This gourd-thingy, for instance. How do you like that, huh? If you ever wanna see this... little... thingy again, I suggest you contact your boy! [the family just looks at him. At that moment, the Marklar ship zooms over the little village, and the villagers raise a ruckus over Marvin's return. The ship stops and descends, engines roaring]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,There it is! [Hollis covers her ears. The ship lands and everyone moves towards it. The windshield rolls back and the boys scramble down from the ship]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Muwuhbuh * * mlamleblubluh mjek.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Back away from the space craft, children!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Nno. No, it's okay. The ship took us to another planet. A beautiful, lush place called Marklar."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Yeah. And the leader, he said that all the Ethiopians can go live there. [the Ethiopians all begin to speak]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,Alien race? Have they... heard the word of Christ?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"No, never. It's perfect."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"Ooh, no. Those poor souls. We must spread the Gospel to them. [hurries away]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,What??
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,*. [walks to Hollis] Mluglu dja mugm blugabeb * * *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Come on, Marvin! We've gotta get your people to Marklar before the missionaries do!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,You'll do nothing of the kind! This ship is now property of the United States Government!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,No! [agents rush in from all sides and some black helicopters appear over the space ship. Two FBI agents come and stand behind the boys.]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,[tugs at Hollis' dress] Dor dor binor hm ghm.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,Call those boys' mothers. [Connelly starts dialing] I'm sure they'll be very interested in the trouble their boys have been up to.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Oh, no, dude!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"CBC television studios. The CBC logo, a pair of angel wings topped by a halo, and CBC printed in front of them, fills the screen. Next comes ""Christian Broadcasting Channel"""
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"[""TO PLEDGE CALL: 1-800-555-2717""] You know, Susan, the uh-there are so many great missionaries doing work, out there in in in-in parts of Africa, and uh we're trying to get Bibles to people all over the world. And what we need, is the help of everyone out there so that we can continue these, these projects. Now, listen to this, Susan. [a picture of Hollis with two Ethiopians appears over his right shoulder] Wha-one of our missionaries in North Africa has made an amazing discovery. U-u-uh a new planet, in the in the galaxy Alpha Seti VI, that has intelligent life on it."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Susan,Amazing.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"Yeah. We're not sure what these hyper-intelligent beings look like, but one thing is for sure: they've never heard of Jesus Christ."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Susan,What can we do at the 600 Club to help those poor aliens?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"Well, what we need, Susan, is we need money to build an interstellar cruiser. [a diagram of said cruiser appears over his shoulder: the XT-9000] Now, this space ship will be able to travel through a wormhole and deliver the message and guh-glory of Jesus Christ to those godless aliens. S-send your money now. Amen."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,Ethiopia. The agents are still investigating...
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,I want everyone to keep a safe distance from the craft until we can run some tests.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,FBI agent,"[walks up] E-excuse me, gentlemen, uh Tom Brokaw is here to see you."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Tom Brokaw? Oh no, the press already? [the CIA agents walk over]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,"""Brokaw""","[sounds like Cartman] Oh. Good day, gentlemen. [the yellow headband and the shape of the pant legs look familiar...]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Uh huh. [FBI agents gather behind him and Connelly] Mr. Brokaw, I presume."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,"""Brokaw""","You presume wisely, sir. I'm here to get the big story, the big scoop. [Marvin tip-toes to the ship unnoticed] I understand that you've found some kind of ship from an alien race. [Marvin opens the cargo door and signals for his people to enter the ship. They start doing so] Seeing as though I am Pulitzer-prize-winning Tom Brokaw..."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Look, kid. Did you really think this was going to fool anybody? You don't look anything like Tom Brokaw."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,"""Brokaw""",What?! Do you question my integritah?!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"[from the pants] I told you Tom Brokaw doesn't have a mustache, fatass!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,"""Brokaw""","Buh-eh, ugh. I had some bad burritos today."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,"* * wughum chughum * *, * *."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,[he and Sphinx remove the men's clothes from the boys] Alright boys. Time to get back to your quarters.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Oh. [the cargo door closes and Marvin is ready to take off]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Son of a bitch!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Run for it!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Get 'em! [two FBI agents move]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Wah-ey. Come on you guys, wait!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Watch out! Here I come!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kenny,"(Hey, you guys, I'm a little bit be-) [trips over a rock and lands on his face] (Oof.)"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Kenny!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Forget him! He's done for! [Stan climbs up and looks back]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"He's not done for, he's standing right there."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kenny,"(You guys, just fly away!)"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"No, no, he's done for. Come on! [the windshield rolls down and the ship takes off. It zooms into the distance, then straight up into space. The helicopters could not catch up]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,[holding Kenny] Nooo!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Damnit, damnit, damnit!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The Marklar ship, space. The ship speeds away from Earth."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Alright, we made it!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Okay, Marvin. Time to take your people to their new home!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Gakchak ghm. [a blast is felt inside. Its impact site is near the cockpit]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"What was that? [the CBC's XT-9000 appears behind them. Inside, Sister Hollis is manning the bridge, with another woman and four men.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"This is the Missionary 600. We have you locked on ""fire: ready."" Turn back right now. [another shot is fired, and the Marklar ship is hit again.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,Aaaa!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Ethiopians,[tossed to one side of the cargo bay] Whoa!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,They're shooting at us.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Quick, Marvin. Get us to Marklar."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,"[tries all the buttons, including the red one, but to no avail] Midik, gmanjaum * *."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Well, how'd we do it last time??"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Cartman just hit the button, and the ship flew itself."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Which button did you press, Cartman??"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,U-u-huh. I don't remember.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,You don't remember?!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"You dumbass, Cartman!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Hey, I was under duress! Maybe it waaas this one. [presses the big red button]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Singer,Soaring so high above the world.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,The boys,Aawwww!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Singer,Never-
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The Missionary 600, still pursuing the Marklar ship"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,The ship seems to be made out of a... super-strong alloy. These lasers aren't powerful enough.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The 600 Club, Pat Robertson reporting"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"Everyone, the Word of God is going around the world and all your help is so greatly appreciated. Eh-oo What we need now is an argon crystal laser. [the 900txl] Eh you see, an argon crystal laser can pierce thick space holes in a way that other lasers just can't. Send your money now. Uuh-I th-thank you."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"Ethiopia, day. Feed The Children Foundation. The agents are talking to Sally Struthers"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,[eating her way through a box of food relief] Onadonakami?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Ms. Struthers, we understand that you have a ship of your own. One capable of interstellar travel."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Chewmbacca vije dai gwo. [""Maybe I do, and maybe I don't.""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,We need to use your ship to catch those boys. We will do anything for that technology.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Juodo nakahobi? Ho ho ho ho. [""Why should I help you?""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Ms. Struthers, if those Ethiopians make it to another planet, who will send money to your foundation? Without Ethiopians, you have no food."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Wo? Wo chaka gom??
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,"Oh, that won't be a problem, Ms. Struthers. We have... collateral. [steps aside and brings Kenny in]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kenny,"(Oh my God, I get it.)"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho. [a small creature pops out and laughs]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The Missionary 600, still pursuing the Marklar ship"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"I have the infidels in my sight. [the Marklar ship tries evasive maneuvers, but it is hit again.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Holy shit!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Ethiopians,[tossed to the other side of the cargo bay] Whoa!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Doye dondabuh. [swings the ship around and fires two blasts at the Missionary 600]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Crew,Aaah.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"Holy crap, they have photon torpedoes."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The 600 Club, Pat Robertson reporting"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"Uhnow, our deflector shields are useless against phorton torpedoes, and we really need your support on this one, folks. Here at the 600 Club we need your money to spread the Word of Jesus, and build more advanced deflector shields for our galactic cruiser. Call now, and we'll give you this free pin. [a CBC logo pin]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,Space. The Missionary 600 and the Marklar ship now do battle. Marvin fires at the Missionaary 600 twice more.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,600 Crew,Aaah.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"You got 'em, Marvin."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Yeah, now finish 'em off! [a huge junker comes up behind and fires at them]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Computer,[female voice] Warning. Deflector shields failing.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Where did that come from??
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Ho ho ho ho. [the CIA agents stand behind her, and two other men are at the helm]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Connelly,Good! Now get them in our tractor beam! [the beam is activated and holds the Marklar ship in place. The Missionary 600 comes around and faces the Marklar ship]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"Now we've got 'em! [in the Marklar ship, the boys look at the screen...]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Ho ho ho ho.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,It's Sally Struthers!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"Well, it appears they'll be going back to Ethiopia, so we can go on to the aliens."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"Sorry, Marvin. We tried."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,Wait. Ms. Struthers? Ms. Struthers!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Wo?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Ms. Struthers, please. Just listen to me for one second. You started the Feed the Children Foundation for wonderful reasons: to help starving, helpless people who live in a rotten part of the world. Well, it's for those reasons we wanna help our friend Marvin now. [Sally looks moved]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Holna chewbacca? [""Because of me?""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,"Ms. Struthers, don't forget the gift we gave you: the child in carbonite. [points. The camera pans over to a panel which shows Kenny encased in carbonite]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Dama doko nou na oh. [""Let him speak.""]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Ms. Struthers. You helped so many people, and you've taught us that helping people is what life is all about. All we wanna do is... be like you. [Sally considers Cartman's statements for a moment, then...]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,"Oh, foada! [""You're right!"" She presses a button, and the tractor beam switches off the Marklar ship and on the Missionary 600]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,600 Crew,[the bridge jerks a bit] Whoa! [the beam pulls the Missionary 600 closer to the junker.]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,She bought it.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Sally Struthers is saving us!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,"The 600 Club, Pat Robertson reporting"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Pat,"Uh, now, now, stay with me on this one, folks. Uh, Sally Struthers has a Tiberian junker [pictured in a window], which is uh the favorite ship of the Hutts, and she has trapped oureh, our our new CBC ship in an uh [struggling] poe-sitronic tractor beam. [a stage hand holds up this cue card that reads: Tractor Beam, so we're gonna need a Ionic Tractor Disruptor] Uh, so we're gonna need an ionic tractor disruptor. Now now, not a regular ionic di- tractor disruptor, but a negative ionic tractor disruptor to uh, help spread the Word of Jesus. [to Susan, softly] I don't have a fucking idea up here."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,Space. The junker is busy pulling the Missionary 600 in. The Marklar ship is free to leave
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Now's our chance!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Wait. I remember. It was the red button! [presses it, and the ship zooms away. The wormhole appears again and the ship head for it]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,They've opened the wormhole!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"It's pulling us in! [the junker and the Missionary 600 give chase. All three ships enter the wormhole, and all experience its warping effects.]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,Aaaah!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,600 Crew,"Aaaah! [the ships rush out of the wormhole and into Alpha Seti VI, near the Marklar planet]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Scene Description,Marklar. The ship land. The Missionary 600 has to lean to one side. All parties are out of their ships
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Marvin... [everyone talks at once]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,"Please, please, please. We are confused. You must explain one at a Marklar."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"Alien friend, we are here to spread the Word of Jesus. He died for your sins."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,Who? Marklar?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"We brought Marvin and his people to live here, but these buttholes followed us."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,Brought m- marklar??
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,"What is ""marklar""?"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,Yyou're marklar; everyone and everything is referred to as marklar.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sphinx,Doesn't that get confusing?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,"Oh no. Watch this. Hey, Marklar!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,[in orange robe] Yes?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,You see?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"[steps forward] Wait. Wait. I think I can explain this whole thing. Marklar, these marklars want to change your marklar. They don't want Marklar or any of these marklars to live here because it's bad for their marklar. They use Marklar to try and force marklars to believe they're marklar. If you let them stay here, they will build marklars and marklars. They will take all your marklars and replace them with Marklar. These marklar have no good marklar to live on Marklar, so they must come here to Marklar. Please, let these marklars stay where they can grow and prosper without any marklars, marklars, eh or marklars."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,"Young marklar, your marklars are wise and true."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,What the hell did he say?
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"[hushed] Wow! Good job, dude!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,Thanks.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,The marklars can stay!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Ethiopians,Wooo!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,Alright!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Alright,"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,You marklars must leave.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Hollis,But you will all burn forever in eternal hellfire. [she and the other woman are taken away]
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marklar,"Yes, that's nice. Thank you for stopping by."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"Well Marvin, it was sure cool seeing you again."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Chak chak glika gm gm guchab mglup.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Kyle,"No, we gotta go. Sally Struthers is gonna give us a ride back to Earth."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Sally,Bwo chaaga bi.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Boys,"[leaving] Goodbye, Marvin."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Marvin,Chak chak m geteaub m * *.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Maybe we'll come and visit sometime.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"Yeah, and maybe Jesse Jackson will be President, heh."
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,Dude!
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,What? We're not gonna come visit him.
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Stan,"I know, but you don't tell him that!"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,Cartman,"T'heh, whatever. [the Ethiopians chatter over their new home and head for the lake at the foot of the waterfall]"
Starvin' Marvin in Space,DVDA,[Over end credits] I am Chewbacca I am a Wookie I am Chewbacca I have no home My home is where My spirit goes
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"The bus stop, morning. The boys are dressed in Union blue. Stan bears the flag, Kyle and Kenny have fifes, and Cartman carries a drum."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,Ready? 1-2-3-4. [the boys begin to march forward and play.]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Hey, dude. Do you like to rock?! [answers himself] Yes, I like to rock! Helloo, Baltimore!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,I'm playing the drum.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Well, you have to hit it softer!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"You can't just ""hit"" a drum, you have to beat the shit out of it! [to the drum, hitting it once in a while] Shut you butthole, or I'll kick your ass, you fucking drum!! [to Kyle] That's how you rock, dude."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"You're not supposed to rock, you're supposed to keep the beat!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,I am keepin' the beat; your flute-playing sucks!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"That's it, Cartman, you can't be the drummer!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Ey, I'll get it!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Dude, the Civil War reenactment is tomorrow! You're not gonna get it by tomorrow!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Yes I will!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Alright alright. Let's just try it again. 1-2-3-4. [again, the march and play. Cartman gets carried away and the others glare at him]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Go!!! Does Cleveland like to rock?! Go!!! Yes, damn it!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Cartman!!! [Cartman stops]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,What?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Give me the drum, and you play the flute."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,No way! Flutes are totally gay!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kenny,[inspects his flute] (Flutes are gay?)
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Cartman, I'm the leader of the Reenactment Fife and Drum Squad, and I say you play the flute!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Oh! Well, you know what I say?! [drops his drum and jumps on it] Screw you guys, I'm going home! [walks away, leaving the drum split in two]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,You dick!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Later.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"The South Park Banquet Hall, 8:04 A.M., morning of reenactment. ""Welcome Reenacters."" People inside chatter away"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Alrighty everyone. We just have a few things to go over before we head out to the reenactment battlefield. [the townsmen are dressed in the Blue and the Grey] First of all, I have great news. There are over 200 folks from around the state that have come to see this year's reenactment, and that's the best turnout ever!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Men,"[jump and cheer] Yes! Woohoo, yea!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Where the hell is Cartman? If he misses the orientation, they're not gonna let him in the reenactment. [Kyle and Kenny are also present]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,He'll show.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,He'd better!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"I'm also very proud to announce that this year's alcohol sponsor, Jagermin's S'more-flavored Schnapps, the schnapps with the delightful taste of s'mores."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Men,Whoa. Mmm.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,Mmm. It does taste like s'mores.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stuart,"[coughs] Hih yeah, and it's got quite a kick, too."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"And now, to clarify how the reenactment should unfold, let's bring up our master historian, Grandpa Marvin Marsh, [Grandpa rolls up in his wheelchair amid applause] the only man old enough to have actually seen the Civil War... reenactment of 1924."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Wow, dude! Your grandpa still isn't dead?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Dude, that's not cool."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[arrives dressed in the Grey] Good morning, gentlemen."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Yeah! You're dressed up like the South.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Yes. This year, I've decided to fight for the glorious South. Screw you guys, home. And may I say that we're going to whup your ass this time."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"You can't just come to a Civil War reenactment dressed up like General Lee, fatass!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Oh, really? I'm pretty sure I just did."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"Okay, you all know the rules. You must fire your blanks into the air, and if someone says they killed ya, you gotta play dead."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"The South loses this battle, Cartman. They lose the war!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Nuh uhn, the South is gonna win."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"No they're not, stupid!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Yes we are!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,How much do you wanna bet?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Now remember, everybody: for a good reenactment we've got to pretend down to the last detail that we're really in the Civil War. So when the North wins, all of us on the Confederate side should act all bummed and depressed. [continues as the boys speak]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Come on, Cartman! How much do you wanna bet the South doesn't win?!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Well, this war is about slavery, so how about if the South wins, you two assholes have to be my slaves for a month."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,And if the North wins you're our slave for a month??
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Right.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,You're on!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Then I shall bid you good morning, gentlemen, and see you on the battlefield. [walks away]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,Hoohoo what a dumbass!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Yeah. He doesn't even know that the South loses the Civil War.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,It's gonna be rad having Cartman be our slave.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"...And with that, let's all go to Tamarack Hill and put on a good show!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Men,"[jump and cheer] Yes! Woohoo, yea!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"""Tamarack Hill,"" 9:00 A.M. The Reenactment. Bleachers flank Grandpa on either side as the North and the South face off before him. Each side has set up its camp"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Announcer,"Welcome to the South Park reenactment of the Battle of Tamarack Hill. The men in gray are the Confederacy, from the South [Butters is there]; in blue are the Union, from the North [Chef is there, and Kenny has the drum]."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"[addressing the spectators] It was a cold morning in 1862. The Union Army had to get the bell of Appomattox down from Tamarack Hill. What ensued was a bloody battle, but after many hours, the Union Army prevailed. Here now is the reenactment of that great battle. [blows the whistle]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,[leading the South] Forward! [The South advances]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"[leading the North] Let's bring those Confederate bastards down! [the North advances, the boys play their tune]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Fire! [some guns go off]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Confederate Reenactors,Yeah!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Alright men, fire! [some guns go off]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Union Reenactors,"Yeah! [the battle is joined, and men left and right begin to drop away. Others scream]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Hey, uh, I shot you, Ned. You have to fall down."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Ned,[Jimbo fires a few shots] Ow.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Yeh-hah! [the battle continues, and even a cow gets into the act]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Man 1,"[in the stands] Oh, so this is what it was like. [the battle continues, but now it's hand-to-hand combat. Cartman reaches the bell and starts to push it down the hill]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Man 2,Hey! What's that guy doing?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Yippie! Long live the Confederacy!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactors,[on both sides] Huh? Wha-?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,What the hell?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,He took the bell!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,He can't do that!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,The Confederacy doesn't take the bell!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[skating by on the bell] Hooray for the South!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Cartman, you can't do that!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,God dammit! Now we have to start over!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"10:24 A.M., reenactment - second attempt."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Alrighty everyone. [Cartman walks up] We're going to do the entire reenactment again, because of some confusion over the bell. Now, I know you're just trying to help Eric, but we have to let the Union capture the bell this time."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,But why? Why should they get the bell?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Wuh. Well, 'cause we're supposed to lose."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,But we don't have to lose.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,What??
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[assuming command] Gentlemen, we can win this battle! [paces] Sure, we could lose, and tonight we can go back to our families and say, ""We did it! We lost like we were supposed to! Aren't we proud?!"" Or, or we take that hill. We take that hill, and when we stand tall upon it, we hold our heads high, and we yell, ""Not this year! This year belongs to the Confederaseh!"" [some of the men drink schnapps]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[takes a swig] By God, he's right!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,Jimbo!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Yeah, I've been reenacting this war for 22 years now. And for 22 years us Confederate reenactors have had to spend the evening being ridiculed and made fun of by the Union reenactors! Well, I'm sick of it!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,Yeah! Why do we have to be their bitches every year?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stuart,I'm tired of losing this battle!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,And I say it's high time we kicked some ass! Who's with me?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactors,Yeah!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor,Yeah! [drops down drunk. Cartman grins]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,The battlefield
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"Alright, folks. Sorry for the false start. We're ready to go again. It was a cold morning in 1862. The Union Army had to- [turns at the sound of a gun shot and looks as the Confederates charge down the field]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Confederate 1,Yaaaaah!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Confederate 2,Come on! Just give up! We're not gonna let you live another day!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,"Uh, what are they doing?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,[drunk] You Yankee sons of bitches!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,[a Confederate shoots him on the belly] Ow! That hurt!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"God dammit, what the hell are they doing?!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,What do we do?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Run for your life, dude! [the boys run off. Cartman watches from the hill as the battle rages on]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,God bless those men that fight for their freedom. God bless those men! And God bless the Confederasah!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor,Come on!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,[tackled by Jimbo] Oh?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[pins Randy to the ground] Surrender your men, general!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Jimbo, have you lost your mind?!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[yells] SURRENDER YOUR MEN, GENERAL!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Alright, alright. We surrender. [the Union soldiers drop their guns and raise their arms. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk out from behind a tree with their hands up.]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Barbrady,[in the stands] The South win?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,The South wins!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactors,"Yeah, woohoo!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,God dammit!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"South Park Banquet Hall, 3:45 p.m. Reenactment after party. The men are all in conversation"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[walks up to Randy] Well, we can all be friends now. [nudges him] Come on, Randy. Have some s'more schnapps. [hands Randy a bottle]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Uh, I can't be happy. You ruined the reenactment."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Aw, come on. Have a little sip. [Randy sips]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[walks up to Stan and Kyle] So, you guys about ready to start being my slaves yet?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"You cheated, Cartman!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Yeah, but it doesn't matter, because the bet was that the South doesn't win the war! And the South still didn't win the war, dipshit!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Yeah. Too bad you're such a dumbass in history, or you would have known that!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[sighs] I hate you guys so much. So very very much. And this is not over. Not by a long shot. [the men are getting more drunk]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,[talking to Stuart with slurred speech] All I'm saying is that... is that the Confederates would have just gotten their asses kicked in Topeka!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,"That ain't true! The Confederates would have whupped ass in Topeka, too!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Bartender,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,You're dreaming!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[walks up to Jimbo] Perhaps we should take Topeka.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Huh?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"They mock us in Kansas, soldier. They think the South is a joke. They don't respect our authoritah."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,They don't?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,No. I say we take Topeka.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,[to the crowd] You know what? I'll bet we could take Topeka right now and clear them all around!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,Huh?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stuart,That's right! Maybe we should do what the Confederates would've done and march on to Topeka!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,I'll bet we could!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"I'll bet we could, too! [pounds on the podium]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[throwing his voice] I'll bet you can't.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,[jumps back] What?! [then walks and stands in front of the podium] Is that a challenge?! I'll bet we can!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[fake voice] I'll bet you can't, because you guys are all pussies!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Pussies?! Oh yeah?! Men! It's time to show the world what the Confederate Army has got! We're gonna take Topeka once and for all!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor 1,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor 2,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[walks to the Union soldiers] All o' you men. You may have lost in the Union today, but join us now and win back your pride!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor 3,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactor 4,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Well, the Union be damned!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Let's go!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Men,Yeah! [all walk out]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[trailing, stops by his friends] Oh! What was our bet again? Let's see... Yes, I remember. If the South wins you have to be my slaves for a month."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"They're just drunk, Cartman! As soon as they sober up, they'll stop."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Yes. E-e-enjoy your freedom, gentlemen. Soon, you will be my properteh. Come, Kenny. Come fight for us, and I'll make sure you get lots of plunder and womens."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kenny,(Woohoo!) [exits with Cartman. The men charge out of the banquet hall growling]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Topeka, Kansas, 7:53 A.M., next morning. A rooster crows. The town goes about its business. A mailman delivers some mail. A woman opens the school door. A traffic cop directs traffic. Two kids play catch in front of the school. The woman returns with the flag and hoists it up on the flagpole, and the mailman drops by."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mailman,"Oh good morning, Mrs. Hollis."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mrs. Hollis,"Hello, Ralph."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Ralph,Did you happen to catch that ball game last night?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mrs. Hollis,I'm afraid I was grading papers pretty late and- [both turn in the direction of a rumble. Everyone stops and looks in the same direction]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Driver,"What's that noise, officer? [the officer looks, and the South Park men rise over a hill and charge towards town.]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,South Park Men,Yeah! Yeah!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Ccchhhhaaaarrrrggggeeee!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Randy knocks Ralph down with the butt of his gun. Gerald tackles Mrs. Hollis. Another man prepares a Molotov cocktail and throws in into a house, then salutes the resulting fire. Jimbo and Med head for the church, and its congregants rush out screaming. Stuart aims at the officer and shoots him"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Officer,[soothing his ass] Ow!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stuart,"Freeze, buddy. These are blanks, but they still hurt like hell! [the church bell rings. Jimbo is pulling at the rope]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"It's ours, it's ours! We've taken Topeka!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reenactors,Yeah!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"[still holding Ralph] Alright, Yank, tell us where you keep your Jagermin's S'more-flavored Schnapps?!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Ralph,"Uh-uh-uh schnapps? Uhm, uh-uh-I guess that would be at the liquor store."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,WHERE?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Ralph,"[desperately] At the liquor store, at the liquor stohohohohore!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"[drops Ralph] Come on, boys! [they all rush the store]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mrs. Hollis,[looking on] This is the most bizarre thing I've ever seen.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[walks by] Excuse meh.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,South Park. Stan and Kyle wait at a regular bus stop
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Dude, my mom is sooo pissed at my dad for going to Kansas."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"I know, but—why do they have to take it out on us? Why do we have to wait around for them to come back?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,Oh here comes the bus. [a tourist bus. Butters is behind the doors waiting to come out. The doors open and Butters exits. The bus leaves] Butters? Are you the only one that came back?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Butters,"Uh, conuh- [salutes] Confederate Messenger Butters reporting, sir. I have a message for you from the battlefield. [offers it]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,What battlefield?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Butters,"Uh Topeka. We're raisin' all kinds of hell, see? [hands the message to Stan] Eh, it's probably the most fun I've had in several months. Wuwell, you gonna read your message or not? [Stan opens and reads the message. A Ken Burns effect sequence starts using a 19th century sepia image of Cartman as General Lee]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Dear guys. Words cannot express how much I hate you guys. As we fight our way northward into the great unknown, only that one thing remains certain: that I hate you guys with every tired muscle in my Confederate body. We have taken Topeka, and now I must lolly the men over to Missouri. Because I will not stop until we have won it all, and you guys are my slaves. Because, I hate you guys. I hate you guys so very very much. Yours, General Cartman Lee"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"[crumples the message into a ball and throws it away] God dammit, that fat piece of shit!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Dude! What if Cartman really does succeed? And we really do have to be his slaves??
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,That would suck so much ass.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"We have to stop him, dude."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"I'll go get my grandpa. He'll help us. Where's the Confederate Army now, Butters?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Butters,"Uh-uh, wuh-I ain't supposed to tell you that. If I told you that, well, why I'd be a, a no-good Yankee son of a bitch."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,We'll give you 10 bucks.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Butters,"Oh. O-oh, okay."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,News Report
The Red Badge of Gayness,Reporter,"...And she was forced to live off her own feces for several days. In national news, [the group's entry into Topeka is shown] a frightening radical group from Colorado is making its way across the Southern states of America. [the guy throwing the Molotov cocktail is shown] The group is recruiting new members in every town they pass through, and rapidly growing in number. [one last attack is shown] So authorities have decided to call in the National Guard. The groups seems to be led by military mastermind and right-wing radical Jimbo Kern [he is shown armed], who is known for his guerrilla-fighting and leadership skills."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,Somewhere...
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,[now bloated and sluggish] Give me some more s'more schnapps! I'm gonna be sick. [vomits] Blouach.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Chattanooga, Tennessee, 2:35 P.M. The town is destroyed and in flames. The men revel in their victory. Stan and Kyle approach the city with Grandpa and look over it from a hill"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Oh, boy. This is worse than I thought."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"Well, come on Billy, we've gotta make these little peckers stop before they get themselves killed."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Man,[running] Aaaaa!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Brunet,They say you can either fight them or join them.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Blond,Well I'm joining them. Those blanks hurt!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"[now in town] Dad, Dad. [Randy appears and stops] Mom wants you to come home."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Not now, uh Stan, I'm pillaging. [a resident runs by] Get over here!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"You've got to stop, Dad. If the South wins, me and Stan have to be Cartman's slaves!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,"This is a reenactment, Kyle. My name is Pvt. John Fugasol, and I have to do what my general tells me!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Hey! There's some more schnapps over here!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,More schnapps! [moves towards it]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Sgt. Larsen,[the National Guard arrives] I'm Sgt. Larsen of the National Guard. We're here to stop the terrorists.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"They're not terrorists, they're just a bunch of drunk wankers from Colorado."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,"Well, we can't just shoot 'em; there's innocents and children about. Dawkins!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Dawkins,Sir!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,Fire a warning flare!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Dawkins,"Yes sir! [launches the flare. The flare goes up in the air, lands right on Kenny and burns him to a crisp.]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Medic! [amid the panic, a medic comes and extinguishes Kenny.]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,Woops.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Oh, my God! They killed Kenny!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,You bastards!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Hey!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Soldier,"[off camera] We can't fire at them, sir. There are too many children."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,Then how do we stop them?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,I know! But we'll have to wait until dark.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"South Park, Kenny's house, morning. Mrs. McCormick comes out to pick up the day's mail. She finds a letter, opens it, and reads... (Another Ken Burns effect sequence starts with Cartman as General Lee"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Dear Ms. McCormick. It is with a very heavy heart that I must inform you that your son Kenny was killed in battle [her brows rise in surprise] on the morning of November 18, at Ruby Hills Funland in Chattanooga. This war has taken something from all of us, and, although your son seems to be the only casualty so far, know that we all share your pain. Your son did not die in vain. I shall persevere and make Stan and Kyle my slaves. Because I hate those guys. I hate them so very very much. Yours, General Cartman Lee."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"The Confederate camp. The men relax and talk. Stan, Kyle, Grandpa, and Larsen sneak in..."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"There, you see? We take the s'more schnapps, and by morning they're all gonna wanna go home."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"Nice thinkin', Billy."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,Let's go. [they proceed to carry the schnapps away]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[enters Cartman's tent] Where to next, General?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[with pipe in mouth] Where did the Confederates go, son?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Well, I guess uh Fort Sumter in South Carolina. That's where the Civil War really escalated."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Ah, splendid. Then to Fort Sumter we shall go."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Welluh, that sounds great. I'm gonna get some s'more schnapps. You want anything?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[turns around] Yeah. Can I get some of those animal cookies? Those frosty ones with the sprinkles on 'em.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Um, sure. [exits to get some schnapps. He lifts a case and removes the lid, but finds the case empty. He takes a second case and again finds it empty] What the-? Ey, where's the s'more schnapps?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,[with a guitar] We're out of s'more schnapps?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,[checks his empty bottle] That can't be.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,I guess we drank it all.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Dawkins,Now what?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Now we just wait until morning. Check-mate, Cartman. Pretty soon, you're gonna be our slave."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Yeah.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"The Confederate camp, 7:29 A.M., next morning, 7 hours without schnapps."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Soldier 1,Uugh.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Soldier 2,Ouch.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"[exits his tent] Oh, my head."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,Where am I?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[sits next to Ned on a bench] Ned, I think I can say without any doubt that that was the longest drinking binge we've ever had."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Ned,"Mmm-oh. Gmm-oh, my head."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,"[rises in his sleeping bag behind Stuart] Oh no, I'm supposed to be at work today."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stuart,"Me, too."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[stands] Well, come on everybody. We've got to get to the nearest bus station, quick."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[at his tent entrance] Where are you going?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,We're goin' home kid. Come on. [walks off]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"We can't go home, we have to take Fort Sumter! [Randy stops by]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Uh, the only thing we have to do is get home before our wives leave us."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,[watching the sober Confederates walk away] No! What about the Confederasuh?! What about freedom?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"[rushes up with Kyle and Grandpa] Haha! You lose, fatass!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"God, I hate you guys!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Yeah, but you know? I think you've learned something today. You've learned that you can't rewrite history. [Cartman eyes a phone...] You see, history is forever, [...and an empty schnapps case next to it] and everything happens for a reason. [Cartman turns and walks] Sure, you can try and change the past, but usually you kno-"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,Where are you going?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"This isn't over! Oh no! Oh no, not by a long shot! [Stan and Kyle just look at each other]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,The long march home... The group is in a meadow.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,Ogh. I don't believe we came all the way out here.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Yeah? Well, I don't think the bus station is too far from here."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stuart,"Uh, how much do you think a bus ticket back to Colorado is gonna run? [two schnapps trucks pull up and the drivers drop down. They head to the rears of the trucks and start unloading case after case of Jagermin's]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Suzette,"Allo, I am Suzette, the S'more Schnapps girl. [Cartman gets out of the truck and walks up behind her] We are pleased to sponsor you with all the S'more Schnapps you need."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Awgh, I can't drink anymore of that stuff."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,Me neither.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Uh uh come uh, come on, guys. Just one little drink. Uh a toast to how far you came and all that you saw."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Suzette,"Yes, please. Do a shot out of my breasts. [pours two bottles into her cleavage]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Well, uh I guhess one little cheers is in order."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Soon, the men are drunk again and having a good time."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Hey, look! Ned's doin' his trick again! [Ned tumbles by wearing a fancy lampshade]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,"[rushes up] Hey, guys. Let's all play a game of ""grab ass."""
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,"What's ""grab ass?"""
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,You know. We just run around in circles and try to grab each others' asses.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,"Ey, that sounds fun. [grabs Mr. Garrison's ass]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Mr. Garrison,Hohoho.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Solders,I got you. Oo-oh. [the men laugh and chase each other around trying to grab asses here and there]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"[intervenes] Gentlemen! I hate to break up the party, but I believe we have a fort to take."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,You heard the General.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Soldiers,Yeah! [all charge out. Empty schnapps cases litter the field]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"[reaches the scene a bit late] Oh, no."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,We'll never stop them now.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"The March of War. Chattanooga, Tennessee, is struck, then Atlanta, Georgia; then eastern and southeastern Alabama, then Orlando, Florida. The group is on a log ride"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Soldiers,Woohoo!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Yes! Yes!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Southeast Georgia is struck, then Darling County, South Carolina."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Fort Sumter, day. A tour is taking place."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Guide,"Throughout 1861 the Confederate authorities tried to drive out the Union occupants of Fort Sumter peacefully. But Abraham Lincoln's administration would not surrender the fort to the Confederates, so Jefferson Davis decided to take action."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Tourist,And the Confederates won the fort?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Guide,"Yes. [turns and leads the group to the gates] Imagine what it must have been like: you're a Union soldier stationed at this fort, and one day, you look out and see thousands of Confederates ready to pounce on you. [the group stares in awe at the seemingly thousands of Confederates just outside the gate. The guide turns to see...] Uh..."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Take the fort!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Charge!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Men,"Yeah! [they enter] Woohoo, yeah, come on!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,We got it! The fort is ours! [a cannon blast knocks Randy down]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,What was that?? [the National Guard has caught up with the Confederates and now surrounds the fort.]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,"[on the bullhorn] Attention political activists: you are on government historical monument property! Surrender the monument with your hands up! If you would like a tour of the fort, one can be arranged through the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"[takes the bullhorn] Give up, fatass! There's over a hundred National Guards down here."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Suck my ass!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"What do we do, General? We're outnumbered."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,We asked the State of South Carlina for recruits. The reinforcements are bound to show up.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,"Alright, that does it. Blow the whole thing up."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"No, you can't do that. Our dads are there."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Larsen,"Sorry, son. We tried it your way; now we do it our way. Prepare the mortar."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Elderly Voice,"Hold it right there! [The camera zooms out to show the rowdy reinforcements converge on Stan, Kyle, Grandpa, and the National Guard]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Wow, look at that! The entire state of South Carolina showed up! [other men grin with joy]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,I knew they would!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Aw, dammit!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Leader,[saluting] We're ready to fight with ya. Long live the Confederacy!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Men,Yee-haw! All right!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Now our numbers are truly great. It is time. It is time to march to Washington D.C.!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"Washington D.C., 7:45 A.M., next day. The group has entered the city and are protesting outside the white house. The Million Confederate March?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Hey, government! You can't ignore our anguished cries anymore! You hear that?! You Government?! [Clinton looks out the window with two advisors]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Al Gore,"Oh boy, this doesn't look good."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,the three men turn away from the window
The Red Badge of Gayness,Advisor,"It's just like the Million Man March, except that there actually are a million people."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Aide,Mr. President! A message for you from the extremists! [Clinton reads:]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Dear Mr. President. There are times when humans can no longer endure their government's authoritah. You must declare the Confederaceh its own nation so that we may enter into a new millennium of prosperitah. If you do not meet our demands, we will be forced to show the videotapes we have of you with Marisa Tomei."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,"Oh, dear God! Wuh-we have to meet their demands."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Advisor,"What?? Sir, there's- there's not that many of them."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Al Gore,"As Vice-Persident, I think we'd better give them what they want. It's just the Southern states; who really needs them?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,My hands are tied. Tell General Lee that I'll meet him in front of the Capitol.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Aide,[salutes] Sir!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Al Gore,I'm so glad I don't have your job. [Clinton is surprised]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,back outside in the raucous crowd
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Dude, let's just give up right now and accept that we have to be Cartman's slaves."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"Dammit, Billy, this isn't about you havin' to be slaves! This is about history! We can't let them change it!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Well, we've tried everything, Grandpa. What else can we do?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Grandpa,"Wait a minute! They're all still doing a reenactment. What we have to do is play into that. Come on, Billy. You boys need a quick history lesson! [wheels away]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Scene Description,"The Capitol, later. President Clinton is at a table on the Capitol with Gore and others"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,"All right, I'm gonna sign the document declarin' the Confederacy winners of the Civil War."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Confederates,[exulting] Hooray!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[to Cartman] Boy, we really got the President by the balls. Good thing you have that videotape of him and Marisa Tomei."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"I don't. I made it up. [Kyle and Stan approach Clinton as Lincoln and Davis, respectively]"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,Hey! Who's that?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Hello. I'm Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Yes, and I'm Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederacy."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,"Boy, this just keeps getting weirder, doesn't it?"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,What the hell are you guys doing?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"Ey, General, he's reenacting Jefferson Davis! You can't talk that way to a superior officer!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Men, I want you all to know that as President of the Confederacy, I am hereby surrendering."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,What?!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Well, as Abraham Lincoln, I accept your surrender, and agree to your conditions. You and all the Confederates will have all the S'more Schnapps you can drink for a year."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Confederates,Wow!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Randy,A whole year?
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"All right! Well, I think we got what we wanted."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,That's it? I-I don't have to sign this thing? [Kyle and Stan turn to each other and shake hands]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Gerald,"Hey, come on. We should take a tour of the Smithsonian before we head back."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,No! We still have to fight!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Jimbo,"[stops] Lincoln and Davis signed the treaty, General. The war is over."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,NOOO!!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"[walks over with Kyle] It's finally over, Cartman. You lost!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,Yeah. And now you can take that stupid beard off! [tugs at it until it pulls off]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA- [the camera zooms out for a view of the city, then the planet, then the Milky Way, then the binary-star system of Marklar, the Marklar themselves, then another planet, then the Visitors are seen...] -AAAH!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,"[walks up and genuflects behind Stan and Kyle, patting each of them on the shoulder] Boys, as President of the United States, I want to commend you for stopping the rebel uprising."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,Don't touch me. [Clinton stands up]
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Well Cartman, the South lost! That mean you're our slave for a month!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,"Dammit! Dammit, I was so close! Dammit!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Now, the first thing I want you to do for us is-"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Wait a minute! I don't have to be your slave.
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,What??
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,The North still won the Civil War! That means slavery is abolished!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Clinton,"Eh, he's right, boys. Slavery is illegal and immoral, partially in thanks to the North winning the Civil War."
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,Awwww!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Cartman,Hahahaha haa ha!
The Red Badge of Gayness,Stan,"Aw, the hell with it. Let's go home. [he and Kyle walk away with Grandpa] Thanks a lot, Bill Clinton!"
The Red Badge of Gayness,Kyle,"Yeah. Thanks, dick!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,A WSPK Channel 2 news anchorman appears
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Anchor,"Fighting the frizzies, at 11."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"Intro. Mailman, tall and lanky with a very long cheek, walks into view"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,We've all heard of Rudolph and his shiny nose And we all know Frosty who's made out of snow But all of those stories seem kind of... gay Cuz we all know who brightens up our holiday!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Robert T. Pooner Presents. Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics. A Collection of 10 Holiday Songs
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,"Small and brown, he comes from you."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,Sit on the toilet; here he comes!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,"Squeeze in 'tween your festive buns. [A boy dances on his ass on the toilet] A present from down below, [Timmy dances with some kids] Spreading joy with a"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,Mailman and Kids: |[the kids wave] Howdy Ho!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,"[a kid holds up a Hankey X-ray] He's seen the love inside of you, 'cause"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,Mailman and Kids|[Mailman leads them] He's a piece of poo!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,"Sometimes he's nutty [a girl holds a drawing], sometimes he's corny [she shows the next drawing]. He can be brown or greenish brown [Mailman holds two sheets of construction paper]."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kids,Mmm-mmm.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,"But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve, He might come to your town. [a boy has made a Hankeyman and added smudges of real poo]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,"Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,"He loves me, I love you. Therefore, vicariously he loves you"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Bradley Biggle,"[has pants pulled down behind a bush] I can make a Mr. Hankey, too! [craps]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"[pops out from behind the bushes] HOWDY HO! I'm Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo. Season's greetings to all of you. Let's sing songs and dance and play [moves in between two kids and holds hands with them] Now, before I melt away [throws himself onto the Mailman's head] Here's a game I like to play: [skips onto every open mouth] Stick me in your mouth and try to say,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,All,"""Howdy ho ho, yum yum yum."""
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,Christmastime has come!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Girl 1,Sometimes he's runny.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Boy 1,Sometimes he's firm.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Girl 2,Sometimes he's practically water.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Man on Porto Potty,[opens the door] Sometimes he hangs off the end of your ass And won't fall in the toilet Cuz he's just clinging to your sphincter And he won't drop off and so you ...shake your ass around And try to get it to drop into the toilet And finally it does.. [Timmy closes the door and clears his throat]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,"[Mr. Hankey now leads them] Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman,When Christmas leaves; he must leave too. [Santa lands with reindeer]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mailman and Kids,"[Mr. Hankey hops on and waves good-bye. They wave good-bye back] Flush him down, but he's ne-ver gone! [normal. Santa takes off] His smell and his spirit ling-ers on!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kids,Howdy Ho!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey is now shown seated on an armchair next to the crackling fireplace. Next to him is a small table with a gifts on it. Behind him is a Christmas tree with gifts at its base
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, folks. We're gonna do somethin' a little bit different tonight. Instead of our normal thing, we're just gonna sit back and enjoy some holiday songs. And if ya don't like it, well, I guess you can suck my tiny little balls. So let's start off with a festive Hanukkah song, sung by my favorite Jewish person in the whole world."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, decorated for Channukah. A dreidel spins on the living room rug. Kyle and Ike watch it spin and fall"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Okay, Ike. You're my little brother, so I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah. [picks it up] This is called a dreidel. You spin it and see where it lands. And you sing this song: [begins to dance] I have a little dreidel; I made it out of clay. And when it's dry and ready, with dreidel I shall play. Oh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay. Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I shall play. [gives the dreidel to Ike. Cartman walks in]"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,"Hey, what the hell are you doing?!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,Oh! Hey Cartman. We're playing dreidel; you wanna try?
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,"Sure. [takes it and walks up to the camera. Kyle sways to the song] Here's a little dreidel that's small and made of clay. But I'm not gonna play with it, 'cause dreidel's freakin' gay."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"[stops] Hey, shut your mouth, fatass!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,[moves to block Kyle from view. Kyle moves to the other side of the screen to be seen. They go back and forth like this for a while] Jews.. ...play stupid games Jews... that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,"[Enters] What's going on? ...Oh, it's that Hanukkah thing."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,It's sooo amazing! [shows the dreidel to Stan] You spin this thing on the ground and it goes 'round and 'round. I could watch it aaall day!
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,Let me try. [takes it and spins it on the rug] I'll try to make it spin. It fell; I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,together. Cartman remains still between Stan and Kyle as Ike dances on the sofa behind them
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Oh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try to make it spin.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, with dreidel I shall play."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,It fell; I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"together, alternate with Cartman. Cartman walks behind the sofa, then pops up from the back. Above him is a string of Stars of David. Stan keeps trying..."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Oh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews..
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,to make it spin.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,It fell;
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try again.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Hoh, Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,Cartman takes a Star of David down from the string and carries it out front
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,to make it spin.,Dialog
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,"It fell,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,with dreidel I shall play.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try again. </poem>
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,that's why they're lame.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,"Hello, boys!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Hi, Mom!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,"Oh, how precious! You boys are all playing dreidel. Now, you know that dreidel is a time-honored tradition for the Hebrew people."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,"Yes, we know, Ms. Broflovski. It's so very interesting."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,Now when you learn to make the dreidel spin [spins herself] You'll know our people always win. Keep spinning: Learn
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,to make the dreidel spin [spins herself]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,You'll know [high kick]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman:,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,our people always win.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,[hushed]] that's why they're lame. [Gerald enters]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Oh, hi Dad."
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Hello, everybody. Say, can I join in?"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Sure! I have a little dreidel; I made it out of clay. And when it's dry and ready, with dreidel I shall-  everybody!"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Scene Description,"together, alternate with Cartman. All five break into song and dance. The boys dance in figure-8 form"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,I'll try
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,Now when you learn
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,"Courtney Cox,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews...
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,I made you out of clay.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,to make it spin.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,to make the dreidel spin [spins herself]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,I love you.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,...play stupid games.
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Kyle,"reidel, dreidel, dreidel,"
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Stan,It fell;
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Sheila,You'll know [high kick. Gerald holds her]
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Gerald,You're so hot
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics,Cartman,Jews…
