Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"This is going to be very jarring for you, but, there has been a malfunction with the headset you ordered from us. Right now, you're actually in your room at your computer wearing an Oculus headset, but, you're in a coma-like trance, my friend."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,[slowly] Fuck you!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"I understand your shock, my friend, but you have simply been in the virtual world so long you have forgotten."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"You should probably listen to him, dude."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Uh huh. 'Cause I thought I was messing with Butters, but I'm actually the one trapped in virtual reality."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"The people you are talking to are just computer programs, my friend."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Guys, tell him you're not computer programs."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,[glances at Stan and Kenny] Maybe we are.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[sighs and squeezes his eyes shut for a moment] Kyle, just- don't be a dick right now."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"I know this is very hard for you, but we don't have a lot of time."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Do you really think I'm that stupid?! That I believe all of this all along has been me living out some kind of virtual reality fantasy? Fuck you! [Well...]
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, day. Liane has prepared a glazed burger for Cartman and takes it to his room. She knocks on his door."
Grounded Vindaloop,Liane,"Eric? Poopsiekins? [hearing no reply, she opens his door and goes in] Eric? [Steve was right. Cartman is at his computer wearing the Oculus headset, in a coma-like trance] Honey, maybe that's enough computer time. It's been about nineteen hours now. [Cartman's left foot twitches] I know you said not to disturb you with your new toy, but Mommy thought maybe you needed to eat? [this time Cartman moves his whole body] All right, I'll just leave it here, hon. [sets the burger next to the computer] I'm turning in for the night. Mommy loves you.[exits and closes the door]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Butters' house, next day."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"What kind of person did we raise you to be?! You think this world is just there for your amusement?! You are not to leave this room, and you are not allowed to use the phone or the computer!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Please! You can't do that! I have to find a way out of this!
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"Oh no, mister. You are GROUNDED! [Butters recoils and Stephen slams the door shut. Butters turns around and goes to sit on the floor beside his bed. The door opens and Cartman enters]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Are you fucking with me?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,...What? What do you mean?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Butters, I'm seriously! Are you fucking with me?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I don't know what you mean.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Because if you are, it's not cool!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Eric, you said you were going to get me out of this virtual world!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Butters, I talked to Oculus Customer Service, and they said I'm the one who's wearing a headset and has forgotten he's in virtual reality!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Oh really? Oh, that's a relief."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Oh it's a relief, huh?! Well guess what, Butters! If I'm the one trapped in virtual reality, that means you're nothing but a computer program!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Oh gosh!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,That's right!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,OH GOSH!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"THAT'S RIGHT! And you'd better stop messin' around, Butters, so I can help you out of this! Because you know how I said if you die in virtual reality you die in real life?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Yeah.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Well if you get grounded in virtual reality, you get grounded in real life too... FOREVER! [Butters is alarmed]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. Stan and Kyle are playing tether-ball near the restrooms. Kyle's phone rings"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,[answers] Hello?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Kyle, it's Butters. I've been grounded!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Again?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"No no, you don't understand. This time I've been grounded for no good reason! I didn't do anything, Kyle!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Uh huh.
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"I think there's somethin' supernatural goin' on. I asked my dad why I was being grounded, and he said that for asking him, that I was more grounded! It doesn't make sense!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Butters, Butters, I'm, I'm kind of super busy right now."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,PLEASE! Just go to Cartman's house. I think the answer might be within the-
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,Butters?! Who is that?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Ahhh! Wuhhhh! Ahhh- [Kyle looks concerned and hangs up]
Grounded Vindaloop,Kenny,"[runs up to Stan and Kyle, panicked] (You guys! You guys, oh shit, come check this out!)"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Cartman's room. Kenny leads Stan and Kyle inside over to Cartman, who is still passed out wearing the Oculus headset"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kenny,(You see? Look at all this dried up food. He must have been here for days!)
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,You found Cartman like this and you think he's somehow trapped in virtual reality?
Grounded Vindaloop,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,[slowly] Fuck you!
Grounded Vindaloop,Kenny,[taken aback] (What??)
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Get up, Cartman!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kenny,"[angry] (This isn't a prank, Kyle!)"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Okay, then let's take him to the hospital. You hear that, fatso?! [shakes Cartman's chair] You're goin' to the hospital!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"Kyle, maybe this is for real."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"[looks back at Stan, then turns around to face him] Fuck you if you're in on this."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"In on what? [thinks a moment...] Ohh, [slowly] Fuck you!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,The customer service center in India
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Yes, no, sorry, but because you bought two business-class tickets I can NOT refund the fares. [listens to the response] That's right, there is nothing we can do. All right. Have I answered all your customer concerns in a timely, polite manner? Thank you for calling Korean Airlines Customer Service. [clicks to the next caller] El Pollo Loco Customer Service, this is Steve."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Oh. Ah, we're trying to reach Oculus Customer Service."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Oh, yes, ah, yes my friend. [clicks again] Oculus Customer Service, this is Steve."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Yeah, our friend has been missing for a few days, so we went and checked on him, and he's in a coma wearing your headset."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Ohh yehhs, yes. What is your name please?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Kyle.
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,Kyle. I need to advise you that this call may be recorded to help with better customer service in the future. Is that agreeable to you?
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,I don't care!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"He doesn't care! I can continue! All right, listen very carefully my friend. The headsets we sold you are having some minor problems."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,You mean he's actually stuck in virtual reality?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,Yes. And that is why we are trying to locate all the headsets and do a recall. Do you understand? It is a Total Recall.
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"[rolls his eyes, then slowly] Fuck you!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"""Fuck you"" what?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,He said they're doing a Total Recall.
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,Oh fuck you!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"All right, did I take care of all your customer needs in a timely and satisfactory fashion today?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,You haven't done anything yet!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,But the customer service - was that reliable? And did I accurately and politely respond to your concerns?
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,We need help! Our friend is in a coma!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Uhhh let's see, ah, it looks like... one of you is going to have to put on the Oculus headset and go into the virtual world and convince your friend to get to an access point. Could you try that, my friend? [Kyle looks at his phone, then at the user's manual]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. A signal interrupts the scenery twice, but is quickly gone"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, living room. Cartman is pacing the living room trying to calm himself"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"It's okay. Everything is cool. Don't let anyone mess with your head, and it's all going to be fine. You're cool, Eric. You're cool. [the doorbell rings and he answers. It's Kyle.]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Hey, Cartman, I need to talk to you."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,I know. Let's go to the backyard. [turns and walks to the backyard. Kyle is quite surprised by Cartman's reaction. Moments later they takes seats at the picnic table out back. A butterfly floats by]
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Cartman, I'm going to tell you something, and I need you to believe me, even if it seems impossible."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Okay Kyle.
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Alright, here it goes. Cartman, you aren't really here."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Mmm. And why do you know that, Kyle?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Because I saw you. Okay? In your room, passed out, with a VR headset on. Customer Service said that one of us needed to put on the headset and come get you, and that's why I'm here."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[laces his fingers together, with his index fingers making a steeple in front of his lips] Mmmhmm."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"I know it's hard to believe, but you have to trust me."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"And why did the guys send you, Kyle?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Www-what do you mean?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Kyle, I want you to brace yourself. This is going to be extremely hard to believe, but you are the one that has been in a coma with a VR headset on."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Fuck you!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"I know it's hard to grasp, Kyle, but I was the one sent by customer service to try and convince you that none of what you've seen is real. You bought the Oculus Rift headset, Kyle."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Don't... do that!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Calm down.
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"NO! I put your headset on, and came here to-"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"In virtual reality, yes you did."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,No. Then I came into this virtual space.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"You've been in a virtual space all along, Kyle! Think about it: we're arch-rivals! Why would the guys send you in to convince me of anything?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Fuck you! Why would they send you in to convince me of anything?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,[defeated] Fuck!
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Best Buy, day. A Best Buy rep answers a phone"
Grounded Vindaloop,Best Buy Rep,Thanks for callin' Best Buy. How can I direct your call?
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Yes. My name is Kyle Broflovski. Can you tell me if I purchased an Oculus Rift headset there?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Or if I did?
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Or if you sold one to an ""Eric Cartman""?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Best Buy Rep,"Sir, I'm gonna have to connect you to Customer Service. Hang on a sec. [transfers the call and hangs up. The call now reaches ... Steve!]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Best Buy Customer Service, this is Steve."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,[stunned at the familiar voice] Dude... What?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,What? [takes the phone from Kyle] Hello?
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Yes, hello. This call may be recorded to ensure good customer service in the future."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Dude. NOW this is getting weird!
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, night. Stephen and Linda sit down for dinner"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"[loudly] Well, this looks like a lovely meal. Too bad Butters won't be enjoying it. You hear that, mister?! No dinner for you! While you're grounded you can just GO TO BED HUNGRY! Linda, do you remember why Butters is grounded? What, what did he do?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Linda,"Oh. I don't know, Stephen, I let you handle all the groundings."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"It's strange. I don't recall him really doing anything particularly bad, and yet... and yet he is grounded. [hears something upstairs] And no bouncing the racquetball either!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Cartman's room. Stan and Kenny are the only two in the room, and Kenny's wearing the Oculus Rift. Stan is talking to Customer Service"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"No, listen, I called Customer Service because I need help! [the door opens and Cartman and Kyle walk in]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Wait. Stan? [walks up to Stan] Hold on, is this my virtual reality, or Cartman's virtual reality?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"It's neither. I know this might be hard for you to grasp right now, but this is all actually real."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Nono, after we found Cartman, I put the headset on and then-"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"No dude, dude. We've all been here the entire time."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Holy shit. Then this is all real. We've all been here from the beginning. Taking turns on the Oculus Rift headset.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[still lost] No, you guys. This is virtual reality."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,How do you know?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Because... I'm a computer program.
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,God damn it Cartman!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"I'm telling you guys, I swear, you have to believe me, I am a computer program. I'm not real."
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,He's lying.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,I'm not lying. Go ahead and ask Customer Service.
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,What was the name of the first person who called you for customer service?
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,Ohhh yes yes yes! That I can answer! His name was... But-ters!
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,Butters called Customer Service first?
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,Have I answered all your questions in a satisfying and courteous manner?
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"Come on, we're going to Butters' house! [they leave Kenny behind]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Hello? My friend? My friend, I believe we are having some technical issues with our phone line. Please hang on, I'm going to call Customer Service."
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,Steve talks to himself
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Hello, Customer Service, this is Steve."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Hello, this is Steve with Customer Service."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Uhhh, nononono my friend. I am Steve with Customer Service."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Listen, my friend. This is gong to be very hard to comprehend, but none of what you are seeing is real."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"...Ohhh, nohhh, nonononononono."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"My friend, my friend, a customer who is in virtual reality called Customer Service, and it has created a customer feedback loop. Okay? Here in India we call it a customer feedback vindaloop."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"[slowly, wagging his left index finger] Ohhh, fuck you!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Nononononono, do not fuck me, because I am you and then we will just be fucking ourselves. Now, have I provided answers to your questions in a courteous and prompt fashion?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,What do you mean have you answered all my questions?! NO! You have not answered ANY questions at ALL!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Nonononono no, listen, listen: if I didn't answer your questions, then we have given bad customer service!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,But you didn't answer any of my questions!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Well what is more important, my friend? The result, or good customer service?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Butters' room, day. He sits on the floor by his bed playing a child's xylophone. The curtains are drawn, but leave a small gap through which the sun shines in"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[singing a spiritual] I'm troubled, I'm troubled in mind. If Jesus don't help me I surely will die. [his door opens and Stan, Kyle, and Cartman come in]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,Butters.
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,[startled] Huh. But... [stands up] you guys can't be here.
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Why not?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Because I'm grounded. That means no visitors.
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,Butters! When did you call Oculus Rift Customer Service?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"When we were playing with the Oculus headset. Wuh don't you guys remember? [goes to the bedroom door] We were all messin' around with it. I played with it first, and, and went a little nuts. Uh I forgot I was in virtual reality and I got grounded, and now I'm grounded in real life."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,So now we are in the real world.
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,YES.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"You guys! [the boys look at him] I have accepted the reality that I am just a computer program. The fact is that one of us right now is in a room wearing a VR helmet seeing all this, and it's not me!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,[appears behind him] Butters!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,[really startled] AAaaghagh!
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,What are your friends doing here?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Huh I'm sorry Dad!
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Hello, hello my friend, are you still there?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"Yes, we're here."
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Listen carefully, my friend. You are stuck in a paradox. It turns out there are three things you cannot do in virtual reality. You cannot die, you cannot get grounded, and you cannot call Customer Service. This is why you are having problems."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"You just don't get it, do you?! What is wrong with you?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"[as Stephen chews Butters out, puts some distance between them and himself] Well then how much of what just happened was in virtual reality?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,That does not matter! There is only one thing that matters!
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"What?! [Stephen unbuckles his belt, Butters holds a hand up]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,Have I answered your questions satisfactorily and offered GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"That doesn't make sense! [Stephen takes his belt off. Butters closes his eyes, knowing what's coming]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"That's the paradox! Please my friend, please! I am not real! You are not real! Have I answered your questions and provided good customer service?! This call may be recorded! [the boys look at Stephen and Butters as Stephen prepares his belt for a whipping]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"Well, you're getting it now!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"Yes! Yes, you have answered all my questions and I am pleased with the customer service I have been provided!! [Stephen disappears, then Butters, then Kyle, then Cartman] You guys? Are you there?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,[from a walkie-talkie] We're right here dude. Do you remember now?
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,Yeah I remember. I'm heading back to the access point. [leaves Butters' room. Stephen and Linda never really left the dining room table/ Stephen senses a change in mood]
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,Oh my gosh! Linda!
Grounded Vindaloop,Linda,"What is it, Stephen?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,It's Butters. He's not grounded anymore.
Grounded Vindaloop,Linda,He's not?
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"No. I've I've got to tell him! [leaves his chair and runs up to Butters' room] Butter? Butters! [Butters is on his bed, with the curtains open, asleep]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[wakes up] Ahhh, huh?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"You can go outside and play, son."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"You... you, you mean ih... [sits up] I'm not grounded?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"No. I don't know why or how, but... it's over."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,They did it! [hops off his bed] They figured it out! [heads out the door] Whoopie!
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. Stan walks up to the house"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"Alright, I'm nearing Checkpoint Alpha. You guys still there?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"We're here, dude. Just a little further and we can finally end this."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"[goes upstairs and enters Cartman's room] Okay, I'm back in Cartman's room."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Alright, Stan, just sit down at the computer. [Stan does this]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Alright, dude, take off the headset. [Stan reaches up and removes the headset. At this point the animation switches to live-action. Stan finishes taking off the headset as Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny watch]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Sssoo aside from all the bull crap, what do ya think of the Oculus?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"[thoughtfully looking at the headset] It's pretty cool, but the graphics suck."
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,Credits start rolling but after few credits roll there is shot back at Stan's room
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[hops in like a bunny] Fellas, I'm not grounded anymore."
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway, day. The students are going about their business when several girls arrive with fliers in hand."
Cock Magic,Girl 1,[handing out fliers] Hey guys. [Clyde takes one] Thanks. Support your team? Thank you. Hey guys. Did you get one of these? [walks up to Cartman and Craig] Hope you can make it.
Cock Magic,Cartman,[takes a flier] What's this?
Cock Magic,Girl 1,The girls' volleyball team has a big game tonight and we're just asking for people to come cheer us on.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"[looks at Craig.] Girls volleyball? [they both laugh at the thought] Uhhh, sorry, we're actually busy."
Cock Magic,Girl 2,What's wrong with supporting girls' athletics?!
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, girls should totally be allowed to play sports, you just can't expect people to want to watch. Okay? [hands the flier back to girl 1] All right."
Cock Magic,Girl 3,"[walks up to Stan, Kyle, and Kenny] You know, we're actually in the playoffs, and all we keep hearing is ""We're too busy."""
Cock Magic,Kyle,But we actually are busy. Tonight's the big fight.
Cock Magic,Girl 3,What fight?
Cock Magic,Stan,"Dude, Kenny is fighting Slaughterhouse tonight. I mean, no offense, but, we're not gonna miss the fight for... girls' volleyball. [he, Kenny, and Kyle laugh]"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Yeah so, sorry you're not getting any spectators, but there's hardcore dude shit to watch."
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"A shop in South Park. A board on the sidewalk says ""Magic the Gathering Tournament Today."" Inside, Kenny and a heavy-set player, Slaughterhouse, are sat at a table already playing against each other, The player shuffles his cards around looking for the best ones to play"
Cock Magic,Slaughterhouse,"Alright, I'm going to play a fifth mana card... and then I'm going to attack with my Elderbeast- hold on. Wait. Hold on."
Cock Magic,Kyle,Can Kenny block his Elderbeast?
Cock Magic,Stan,Not with his Shapeshifter. It already attacked.
Cock Magic,Cartman,This asshole needs to make a move already!
Cock Magic,Referee,"Quiet in the peanut gallery, please."
Cock Magic,Slaughterhouse,"I am attacking, but with a newly summoned Spark Ghast who has Trample. Four damage to your planeswalker."
Cock Magic,Boys,Ohhhh!
Cock Magic,Butters,Oh no! Kenny!
Cock Magic,Stan,Shhh!
Cock Magic,Butters,But he's dying! [Kenny lays down a card]
Cock Magic,Stan,What's that?
Cock Magic,Cartman,He's playing an enchantment.
Cock Magic,Stan,This late?
Cock Magic,Kyle,He just stacked his Shapeshifter with an Elven Blade!
Cock Magic,Slaughterhouse,I can block that with Uprooted Minotaur. [Kenny lays down his next card]
Cock Magic,Boys,Ohhhh!
Cock Magic,Referee,Serendib Sorcerer unblocked. Winner: McCormick!
Cock Magic,Boys,Yeeahhh!
Cock Magic,Slaughterhouse,Nnoohhh!
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman recounts the previous day's events to the kids in the hallway. In the distance, a new janitor listens in while mopping the floor"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, it was complete brutality!"
Cock Magic,Kyle,You've never seen anything so ruthless!
Cock Magic,Stan,It was seriously almost hard to watch. [Wendy appears in the distance and walks over to the boys]
Cock Magic,Cartman,"At one point, Kenny actually polymorphed the dude into a blue frog with an instant attack card. It was carnage, bro!"
Cock Magic,Stan,"[sees Wendy] Wendy, did you hear about last night?"
Cock Magic,Wendy,"Yeah, I heard the girls' volleyball team won by like 20 points."
Cock Magic,Stan,Not that. Did you actually go to that?
Cock Magic,Wendy,Yeah. You should show your support too sometime.
Cock Magic,Stan,"Pfft, whatever."
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, I don't think people are appreciating this! [the janitor finally looks at the group] It was such pwnage it was almost repulsive!"
Cock Magic,Janitor,"Hey! Pssst! [the boys see him] Come over here. [the boys walk over to him while the other kids disperse] You guys like hard-core stuff, huh?"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Yeah we like hardcore stuff, we're fuckin' dudes, bro."
Cock Magic,Janitor,"Yeah well, you boys wanna get in on some real action? If you like excitement. I'm not talkin' about the little boys stuff. I'm talkin' about real man shit."
Cock Magic,Stan,We're men.
Cock Magic,Janitor,"Well then, if you wanna see REAL fights with REAL brutality, go here. [hands them a sheet of paper with an address on it, and Kyle steps forward to take it] This is the underground stuff, so keep it quiet. [turns right and leaves] And you might wanna pack a barf bag."
Cock Magic,Cartman,[steps forward and watches him leave] Kewwwl!
Cock Magic,Scene Description,South Park After Dark. The boys walk to a familiar place.
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Should be the next one. 2778 Mala Vista Drive. Wait, this is City Wok."
Cock Magic,Cartman,What's hardcore and exciting about Shitty shrimp? [they approach the doors]
Cock Magic,Kyle,It doesn't even look like they're open. [tugs and knocks at the doors]
Cock Magic,Mr. Tuong,[unlocks the doors and answers them] We crosed! We crosed for the night! Go away prease! [waves them away]
Cock Magic,Stan,"Uhhh, Mitchell the Janitor sent us?"
Cock Magic,Mr. Lu Kim,You purice?
Cock Magic,Kenny,(What?)
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, do we look like police?"
Cock Magic,Mr. Lu Kim,"Okay, come on, come on, five dorrah, five dorrah each! Come on, five dorrah!"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Five dorrah?! [Mr. Lu Kim hushes them quickly and leads them to the back room, which leads to the basement. Lu Kim opens the basement door]"
Cock Magic,Mr. Lu Kim,"You go down! Go down, find seat! We in sixth fight! Gogogogogogogo! [the kids go in, then Mr. Tuong, who closes the door behind him.]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,City Wok basement. Lots of activity going on down there. Two roosters are set to fight each other with cards. The boys make it to ringside. An announcer calls the play-by-play
Cock Magic,Announcer,Scrambles plays a Black Swamp mana card. Fluffy counters with a mana card of his own. And he plays a Fugitive Wizard!
Cock Magic,Crowd,Ooooooo.
Cock Magic,Announcer,"More mana from Scrambles! And yes, that is Crippling Blight! Crippling Blight to the Fugitive Wizard! Creature now has -1 to strength and defense! More Mana from Fluffy. Now he'll attack with Fugitive Wizard, and there's an instant attack from Scrambles! That is Peel from Reality! Fugitive Wizard is literally torn apart from the battleground!"
Cock Magic,The boys,Whoa!
Cock Magic,Announcer,The mana is flying now as both roosters play sorcery spells! It's Mass Calcify against Into the Void!
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"M Burger, next day. The boys are eating"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, that was total carnage!"
Cock Magic,Stan,That was freakin' hardcore.
Cock Magic,Cartman,Can you believe that rooster played a Kalonian Twingrove with half his mana tapped?
Cock Magic,Stan,It was just decimation.
Cock Magic,Kyle,It was really about the most man thing I think we've ever been a part of.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"We're going again on Friday, right?"
Cock Magic,Stan,"Hell yeah! [Kenny lowers his head, and Cartman notices]"
Cock Magic,Cartman,What's the matter Kenny?
Cock Magic,Kenny,(I don't know. It just seems kind of... mean)
Cock Magic,Stan,What's mean about it?
Cock Magic,Kenny,[mumbles]
Cock Magic,Cartman,You feel bad for the roosters?
Cock Magic,Kenny,"(Yeah, I feel bad for the roosters.)"
Cock Magic,Stan,"Look, who's to say the roosters don't wanna play? I mean, they were goin' at it pretty hard."
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Yeah, maybe that just kind of what they do naturally."
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Guys, I think maybe Kenny's a little hurt because he was the big Magic champion, and now chickens are stealing his thunder."
Cock Magic,Kenny,(No.)
Cock Magic,Cartman,Huh? A little bit?
Cock Magic,Kenny,(NO.)
Cock Magic,Stan,"Dude, you know what we should do? We should all go in on a rooster."
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Dude, totally. With Kenny's Magic skills, we could probably kick serious ass!"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"What do you think Kenny? Would that make you feel better? Huh? Come on, where's that smile? Where's that smile, Kenny? I think he's smiling you guys. [Kenny just looks at his meal]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"The McCormick house, day. Two officers stand at the landing as one of them knocks"
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Hello, Mr. McCormick. Surprised to see us?"
Cock Magic,Stuart,What do you mean?
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Let's cut the crap, huh? We know there's an illegal cock Magic ring going on in town, we just wanna know who's leading it."
Cock Magic,Stuart,What's cock Magic?
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Right. Roosters are being forced against their will to play ""Magic: the Gathering,"" and you know nothing about it because you're 'white'. Let's git something straight: cock Magic isn't an Asian thing or a Mexican thing. White people do it too, if they're poor enough. You got a junked car in your front yard, Mr. McCormick. Care to tell us where the cock Magic fights are being held?"
Cock Magic,Stuart,I don't go to any cock Magic fights!
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Do you have any sympathy at all for the animals, Mr. McCormick? Can you imagine being kept in a small cage, barely able to turn around, and then finally let out only to be blasted by Arctic ice spells and legendary creature cards? It's illegal, and it's wrong, and anyone I find involved with this filth is goin' down!"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. The boys are on the sofa and Randy is lecturing them on Magic: the Gathering. Or on cock Magic."
Cock Magic,Randy,"Now I don't wanna lecture anybody, but what you boys are getting involved in is dangerous!"
Cock Magic,Stan,"Dad, it's not that big a deal."
Cock Magic,Randy,"It is a big deal, okay?! People can get hurt! Believe it or not I was into Cock Magic back in college."
Cock Magic,Kyle,You were?
Cock Magic,Randy,"Yes, so I'm not some fuddy-duddy who doesn't get it! I just wanna make sure if you boys do it, you do it right, and safely. [whips out a handkerchief, and drums begin to play. Randy places the hankey over his pants and begins a demonstration of cock magic, as he knew it]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"Randy's cock magic. It moves left, then right quickly. Then it pops up from behind the hankey, then pops under"
Cock Magic,Stan,"Dad, that's not, that's not cock Magic."
Cock Magic,Randy,"Oh? Not impressed? How about this? [makes his penis pop out right, left, down... up, left. Stan hides his face in his hand while his friends are speechless]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"A run-down house, much like Kenny's, day. The boys approach it and ring the buzzer. This place has an intercom"
Cock Magic,Voice,What is it?!
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Hello? We're looking to buy a rooster that can play ""Magic: The Gathering""?"
Cock Magic,Voice,"Never heard of cock Magic, or roosters."
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Uhhh, we aren't cops or anything."
Cock Magic,Breeder,"[The voice, opens up and lets them in] Come on to the back, don't mind the smell. [he takes the boys to his barn and shows them around] We only deal in the highest quality poultry Planeswalkers. Are you looking for a New Hampshire or a Cornish breed?"
Cock Magic,Kyle,We don't... really know the difference.
Cock Magic,Breeder,"Well, your New Hampshire broiler chickens are the best for white mana. These here have been raised to play mostly protection spells and do well with sorcery cards. And here you got your green mana necromancers. Lots of earthy growth and hindering incantations that are good against blue- or black-stacked decks."
Cock Magic,Stan,Do you think they're happy?
Cock Magic,Breeder,Do I think they're happy?
Cock Magic,Stan,"Yeah, like, do you think they mind being made to play ""Magic: The Gathering""?"
Cock Magic,Breeder,[thinks a moment] They're fuckin' chickens.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Well, our friend here has some animal-rights concerns. Do you have any free-range chickens?"
Cock Magic,Breeder,Free-range chickens are primarily control deck players that slow the game down with board control cards.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Aw, screw the free-range chickens, huh, Kenny?"
Cock Magic,Stan,"[off-screen] Hey, how about this little guy?"
Cock Magic,Breeder,That one's kind of young. I don't even know what kinda cards he prefers.
Cock Magic,Kyle,Then he's perfect for us.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"What should we name him, Kenny? I know. How about ""McNuggets""?"
Cock Magic,Kyle,Hey McNuggets. You wanna come play for us?
Cock Magic,Cartman,"[mimicking a rooster] ""Yes I do, you guys."" [normally] Oh wow, did you hear him, Kenny?"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Sharon is in the master bedroom folding clothes when Shelly appears"
Cock Magic,Shelly,"Mom, will you tell Dad to get out of the bathroom?! He's been in there for an hour!"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"The Marsh bathroom, moments later. A drummer is heard inside"
Cock Magic,Sharon,Randy?
Cock Magic,Randy,[lounge voice] Hey! Oh! Oh thank you!
Cock Magic,Sharon,"[Sharon pounds on the door] Randy, what are you doing?!"
Cock Magic,Randy,"Oh! Nothing, Sharon. Just going to the bathroom, if you don't mind. [back to the lounge voice] Hey!"
Cock Magic,Sharon,"Randy, why are there drums playing? [the drums stop and Randy opens the door]"
Cock Magic,Randy,"All right, Sharon. I'm practicing. Cock magic is making a comeback."
Cock Magic,Sharon,"Ohhh, no no nononononono no."
Cock Magic,Randy,"Oh yehhs yesyseyseyesyseyse Sharon, I don't know why or how, but people all over town are talking about it again. Now you know that I was one of the best back in college."
Cock Magic,Sharon,I know that's why you got kicked out of college.
Cock Magic,Randy,"Because people didn't understand! People were afraid, Sharon! But now culture has caught up. And even our son is discovering what cock magic has to offer."
Cock Magic,Sharon,Stanley??
Cock Magic,Randy,"People are going to do it, Sharon. And it's up to the professionals to make sure it's handled the right way. Hoh! [a hankey drapes his erect penis] Oh my gosh! [pulls the hankey off and the penis is back in his pants. He smiles, she walks away, his smile fades, and he goes back into the bathroom and shuts the door]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"City Wok, Friday night. Tonight, it's McNuggets against a different rooster."
Cock Magic,Announcer,"Reuben casts Silklash Spider. Silklash Spider can block as if it had Flying! And now he casts Geistflame, dealing one damage to McNuggets."
Cock Magic,Cartman,"[through gritted teeth] Come on, McNuggets! Fight!"
Cock Magic,Kyle,"You can do it, McNuggets! [the crowd argues around them]"
Cock Magic,Announcer,"Quiet, please."
Cock Magic,Someone,I think I'll bet on the next one.
Cock Magic,Announcer,"Waaiitt! [the crowd gets quiet] McNuggets has cast Punishing Fire, absorbing the Geistflame and dealing two damage to the opponent! Game, set and match, McNuggets!"
Cock Magic,Crowd,Whoa!
Cock Magic,Stan,Yeah!
Cock Magic,Cartman,"All right, McNuggets!"
Cock Magic,Kyle,"All right, McNuggets! [after the fights the boys leave City Wok] Did we pick the right rooster or what?!"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"[carrying McNuggets in a small cage] That was goddamned manly! I mean, no offense to Kenny, but that shit made regular ""Magic: The Gathering"" look like girls' volleyball."
Cock Magic,Promoter,[comes out behind the boys with two bodyguards] Excuse me. That was pretty impressive down there. You boys have a nice cock.
Cock Magic,Cartman,Thank you so very much.
Cock Magic,Promoter,I've never seen a rooster throw down spells with such raw brutality. How would you like to move him up to the big time?
Cock Magic,Kyle,You mean there's more to this?
Cock Magic,Promoter,"Oh, yes. And I'm not talking about the basement of some seedy Chinese restaurant, I'm talking about the basement of a well-established Chinese franchise. Saturday night, here's the address. [again Kyle takes the slip of paper] Let's see what kind of money your cock can really make."
Cock Magic,Stan,"Gee, thanks!"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"You hear that, McNuggets? You're goin' to the big leagues!"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"A girl's sixth birthday party, back yard. Lots of kids running around and making noise. A bounce house is off to one corner"
Cock Magic,Woman,"Okay kids, it's time for our birthday show. Everyone, let's be quiet now. Come on."
Cock Magic,Kindergarten boy,"Yay, a show, a show!"
Cock Magic,Woman,Do you kids like magic?
Cock Magic,Kindergartners,"Yeah, yay!"
Cock Magic,Woman,"Okay, well let's all give a cheer for the Amazingly Randy! [leaves as Randy enters, and the kids cheer]"
Cock Magic,Randy,"Hey kids, are we having fun? [places his hat over his groin, then reaches for it on his head] Oh where'd my hat go?! Anyone see my hat? [no reaction from the kids. Inside, the parents are preparing the cake]"
Cock Magic,Woman,"[mixing some lemonade] Okay, the magician has started. Let's get the cake ready."
Cock Magic,Randy,"[with his penis in a box and a saw in his left hand] Now, some of you might think that this is a little crazy, but if you believe in magic... [begins to saw through the box] you'll find that- [the saw hits something that produces gushes of blood. All the kids are hit and they panic] Ow! Ow! Oh God! Can somebody help, please!"
Cock Magic,Man,"[chuckles] They're getting a kick out the magician, huh?"
Cock Magic,Randy,"Won't somebody help me out?! Get someone- You, little girl! Can you please just, just check behind your ear?! [the girl reaches behind her ear and pulls out a detached penis. She screams and Randy takes it from her.] Oh, it was behind her ear. [goes back to the stage and pops it right back where it should be, hidden so the kids don't see what he's actually doing] And there we go and we're all better and I am the Amazingly Randy! Thank you! [kids are still screaming]"
Cock Magic,Kindergarten boy,I hate you!
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Stan recounts the events of the night before"
Cock Magic,Stan,"Dude, it was so badass! Our guy slaughtered every other fighter there. And now he's moving up to the real hardcore shit."
Cock Magic,Kyle,It was seriously about the greatest night of our lives.
Cock Magic,Craig,Where was all this?
Cock Magic,Cartman,"We can't tell you, bro. It's like, hardcore underground shit."
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Yeah, you gotta know people."
Cock Magic,Butters,"Dangit, I wish I knew people."
Cock Magic,Mr. Garrison,"All right kids, before we get started, the coach of the girls' volleyball team is here and would like to say a few words. [goes to his desk as she enters]"
Cock Magic,Coach,"Thank you, Mr. Garrison. Listen uh, last night we had a pretty big game against Evergreen. The girls really hammered 'em, but once again we're a... little disappointed in the turnout."
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Oh Jesus, give it a rest already."
Cock Magic,Butters,[chuckling] Yeah.
Cock Magic,Coach,"You know, when you put your all into something, it's kind of a bummer when people don't seem to care. [focus on Kenny, who looks down] Kind of makes you feel like the sport you love is becoming a joke."
Cock Magic,Stan,"Dude, girls' volleyball isn't a joke. Jokes are hard and require skill."
Cock Magic,Cartman,OOHHH!! [laughs with the other boys]
Cock Magic,Jimmy,"Fantastic girls' volleyball joke, Stan."
Cock Magic,Coach,"The girls wanted to say something, so we're now going to hear a few words from the captain of the girls' volleyball team."
Cock Magic,Wendy,"[gets up and goes to the front of the class. Stan is immediately stunned] Hey guys, these games coming up are really big and it would mean a lot to us if you could try and make it. Thanks. [goes back to her seat]"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"[aside, to Stan] Dude, Wendy plays volleyball. Did you know that? I don't think you knew that."
Cock Magic,Scene Description,The girl's birthday party. SPPD show up. The father explains to Det. Harris what happened. Other office inspect the backyard for evidence
Cock Magic,Man,"And then he uh, took his penis from behind our daughter's ear and uh, we uh, uh that's when we saw him with uh, the n-the three rings. and uh, his penis, he was pulling it through 'em somehow, uh."
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,Uh huh. And what about the cock Magic? Where was that? [the man and wife look at each other]
Cock Magic,Man,Well that's what I'm telling you. It was right here exce-except for the thing where he poured the milk into his penis; he did that over there.
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Alright alright, let's focus. What kind of decks were they using?"
Cock Magic,Woman,Decks??
Cock Magic,Man,"Who? There weren't any ""decks."""
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Oh, I get it now. Do you know what the penalty is for calling in a false cock Magic report?"
Cock Magic,Woman,"[in tears] I'm so confused, babe."
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,Who paid you to call us and take our focus away from the investigation?! What color were they?!
Cock Magic,Man,"Nobody paid us anything! Now, there has been a crime here and you'd better do something about it!"
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,Agreed! Who first called 911? [moments later the woman is being taken to a squad car as the man and their daughter look on]
Cock Magic,Woman,Please! Don't take me away from my child!
Cock Magic,Girl,[crying] Mommy!
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park, Saturday night. Kyle, Cartman and Kenny reach the site of the next cock Magic fight. Stan is not present"
Cock Magic,Kyle,This is it. 1421 Plaza de Estereotipo.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Wow. Here we are, McNuggets. You're reached the big time. [they stand before Panda Express. Again, Kyle knocks on the doors and tugs at them.]"
Cock Magic,Manager,"[opens the door] Sorry, Panda Express is crosed. We crosed!"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Yeah yeah yeah yeah, we're here for the cock Magic."
Cock Magic,Manager,"Oh okay, come on, ten dorrah, ten dorrah."
Cock Magic,Cartman,Ten dorrah?! [the boys hand over $10 each]
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"Panda Express basement, moments later"
Cock Magic,Announcer 2,"For the next round, it is Gadnuk, Breaker of Worlds, versus Clucky."
Cock Magic,Cartman,Who is that??
Cock Magic,Spectator 1,"That's Gadnuk, Breaker of Worlds. [Gadnuk is wearing a gold medallion] He's never lost a fight. Hell, he's never even lost one health!"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gym, night. The girls are playing a visiting group, and Stan is there to watch the game. Wendy, #4 serves. #36 on the other side hits it up, with #11 hitting it back over the net. #1 on Wendy's side hits it up, then #36 hits it, then #8 hits it over the net"
Cock Magic,Stan,[following the cock Magic fight over the phone] What do you mean? Is he a red mage or a green mage?
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, he's like a beast! He's got more legendary creature cards than I've ever seen!"
Cock Magic,Kyle,McNuggets is scared. He doesn't wanna play.
Cock Magic,Cartman,"McNuggets is scared, dude!"
Cock Magic,Stan,Can you stack his deck with more mana?! Can you stack McNuggets' deck with more mana?!
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"Wendy serves, and #58 on the other side hits it up, then #8 hits it, then #22 hits it back over the net"
Cock Magic,Spectator 2,[returns to the crowd with a dead bird] He didn't stand a chance. Not one spell cast before he was obliterated by health drains! That thing isn't human! [walks away with his rooster. Gadnuk throws down a card. The promoter walks up]
Cock Magic,Promoter,"Alright, your rooster's up next, boys."
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Aw I don't think he wants to play, dude."
Cock Magic,Promoter,He doesn't have a choice.
Cock Magic,Cartman,This isn't even a fight. This is just... a slaughter.
Cock Magic,Promoter,What do you think all these people are here to see?
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Holy shit dude! Dude, we forfeit! We forfeit!"
Cock Magic,Promoter,The hell you do! Get your cock in there! [Kenny sighs and goes in instead]
Cock Magic,Scene Description,ESPN Illegal is shown on a monitor
Cock Magic,ESPN announcer,"You're watching ESPN Illegal, your source for bullfighting, dogfighting, and cock Magic."
Cock Magic,ESPN host,"And a warm welcome back to the Cock Magic Championships. Certainly an electric atmosphere here in the basement of Panda Express. The fight we were expecting, of course, Gadnuk, Breaker of Worlds versus ten-month-old Cornish rooster McNuggets. In a complete shocker, the challenger McNuggets has been scratched and substituting for him is nine-year-old Kenny McCormick. Never a dull moment in the illegal sport of cock Magic. Let's rejoin the battle now as we wait for Gadnuk's sixth move. [Gadnuk ponders what to do while Kenny slowly taps his fingers on the table, waiting] Gadnuk, Breaker of Worlds plays a creature card. [his assistant places it on the table]"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Jesus, Paragon of Fierce Defiance. Now every red creature Gadnuk plays will have a +1 attack."
Cock Magic,Crowd,Whooaa.
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Come on, Kenny! [Kenny take a card from a deck and looks through his other cards]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gym, the game there continues. #11 hits it over the net to Wendy's side. #1 hits it... Stan is still following the cock Magic fights"
Cock Magic,Stan,What did he play? Did he tap all his mana?
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Dude, he just cast Psychogenic Probe. Now every time the other rooster has to shuffle his deck, he loses two health."
Cock Magic,Kyle,He just had to shuffle it.
Cock Magic,Cartman,Did you hear that? He's shuffling his deck already. The only thing he's got on the battle ground now is an Overseer.
Cock Magic,Stan,"Does an Overseer have trample? DOES AN OVERSEER HAVE TRAMPLE?! [meanwhile, the ball goes to #36, who hits it back over the net]"
Cock Magic,ESPN host,"A second Elvish Mystic now, and Gadnuk attacks with Merciful Pretender. McCormick sends Charging Rhino to the graveyard. He's desperate now. Not too much he can-OH, and he's just laid down Life's Legacy!"
Cock Magic,Crowd,Ooooohh...
Cock Magic,ESPN host,That was not expected! Gadnuk doesn't know what hit him! McCormick follows with Crackling Doom and Abzan Battle Priest!
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Holy shit, dude!"
Cock Magic,ESPN host,"Gadnuk tries to block with Living Totem but OH, there is Terra Stomper! This is absolute savagery! Frenzied Goblin has been sent to the graveyard and now there is no one to block Pearl Lake Ancient! My God, someone has to put a stop to this!"
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"Freeze! [comes down to the basement with reinforcements. The cops draw their guns and check everyone out there. One cop pulls a gun from a spectator's jacket and throws it to the ground] Well, well! Looks like I finally caught the big boys! You're all going to jail for a long time! [looks at Kenny] Especially you, scumbag!"
Cock Magic,Promoter,Lousy cops! How did you find us?
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"We saw your fliers. [holds one up] ""Panda Express. Cock Magic at 9 pm."""
Cock Magic,Promoter,We didn't put those fliers out!
Cock Magic,Announcer,"[spotlights come on and move out over the crowd] And now, for your halftime entertainment, please welcome... the incomparable, the beautiful, the Amazingly Randy! [A stage is lit up and Randy bounds out]"
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Ah, dude, your dad's here."
Cock Magic,Randy,"[lounge voice] Thank you, hey! You know, we live in a world of brutality and violence. And some people think there's no room for wonder anymore. But just for a moment I want you to think one thing. [dances over to a stool nearby with a box sitting on it] Whatever you believe is real, is real. [pulls out a hankey, then goes back to center stage and shows there's nothing odd about it. He unzips his zipper and puts the hankey on his penis. He gets a rubber band and ties the hankey around the penis. Next he moves his hand around and his penis rises in response, as if his hands had some magnetic power to them. Suddenly, the penis takes flight and goes around several times. He holds up a large ring and the penis flies through it flawlessly. He turns around and the song ""Barbie Girl"" plays. He drops his pants, dances a bit, then turns around with a small curtain over his legs. The penis peaks out to the right, up, left, and then the head of René Dif appears popping out to the right]"
Cock Magic,René Dif,"Come on Barbie, let's go party.  [Randy pushes it gently behind the curtain again, then he squats just long enough to get his pants back up and remove the curtain. Then he hops around. He hops back to the stool and gets some body lotion to lubricate his penis with. Then he pretends to stroke his penis and a bouquet of flowers pops up. He tosses the bouquet into the crowd and a woman catches it]"
Cock Magic,Spectator 3,Ewww! [throws the bouquet away]
Cock Magic,Randy,"Alright, for this last bit I'm gonna need a volunteer. Anybody?"
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,I'll volunteer.
Cock Magic,Randy,"Alright, come on up here. [Harris goes up] What's your name?"
Cock Magic,Det. Harris,"I'm Detective Harris, South Park Police."
Cock Magic,Randy,"All right, a hand for Detective Harris! [applause. This provides a distraction by which some spectators leave silently] You know, if there's one thing I could leave you all with, it's this. Let cock magic be done by the professionals. [grabs a tank of liquid nitrogen] Sir? [gives it to Harris, who holds it. Drumroll. Randy takes a funnel and puts one end on his penis, then motions for Harris to pour the nitrogen into the funnel. A few seconds later, the funnel comes off to reveal a frozen penis. Randy takes a gun out and shoots it to bits. Harris is stunned. Randy walks over to him and smiles. All of a sudden, the penis comes out of Harris' mouth. Randy take it and puts it into his pants. Harris smiles. Only four cops remain and they clap. The crowd and the other cops have left.]"
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day."
Cock Magic,Cartman,"It was so hardcore you guys. Kenny laid waste to Gadnuk, Breaker of Worlds. It got so out of hands that the fucking cops had to come and break it up."
Cock Magic,Butters,"Wow, the cops came?"
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Yeah, It was seriously the most manly thing that's ever happened."
Cock Magic,Cartman,"Kenny cast Glacial Crasher, and then Stan's dad shot his dick off. I just, I seriously don't know where we go from here. You all right, Kenny?"
Cock Magic,Kenny,"(Yeah, I guess. I just wonder about McNuggets.)"
Cock Magic,Kyle,"Hey yeah, what about poor McNuggets? What's he gonna do now?"
Cock Magic,Stan,"Wait a minute. I've got it, you guys."
Cock Magic,Kyle,Got what?
Cock Magic,Stan,A way to finally do something good for other people.
Cock Magic,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gym, night. The girls volleyball team faces off against McNuggets. Wendy is about to serve when she looks at Stan, who gives her a thumbs up. Wendy shoots him a glare of disapproval over the whole idea."
Cock Magic,Announcer,"South Park serves, and McNuggets plays a Plains Land card. One-nil, South Park. [a smattering of applause. Wendy serves again] Another serve, and McNuggets summons Downtreader Elk. One South Park player is eliminated. You, the girl with the ponytails - you are dead."
REHASH,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Kyle runs home excitedly with something in his hand. He opens the front door and goes in. Gerald spots him"
REHASH,Gerald,"There you are, Kyle. I was gonna see if you and your brother wanted to go down to the bowling alley."
REHASH,Kyle,"Nono Dad, please. I just got Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Me and Ike are going to play it together."
REHASH,Gerald,It's your day off. You boys really wanna spend it inside in front of the TV?
REHASH,Kyle,"Please Dad, I've been looking forward to this all week. Aaand it's me and Ike's bonding time. Really. This is good for our relationship."
REHASH,Gerald,"All right. [Kyle smiles, Gerald heads back to the kitchen] I swear I'll never understand you kids these days."
REHASH,Kyle,Yes! [runs upstairs smiling.]
REHASH,Scene Description,"Ike's room. Ike is at his computer eating Cheetos. Kyle knocks, then goes into the room"
REHASH,Kyle,Heeey Ike! Look what I got. [Ike looks over his shoulder] The new Call Of Duty! Do you wanna go downstairs and play?
REHASH,PewDiePie,"[on the monitor] Aww, look at all the bright colors."
REHASH,Ike,...Meh. [goes back to watching the monitor and eating his Cheetos]
REHASH,Kyle,"Meh? Ike, we have a whole day to play XBox! Mom and Dad are leaving!"
REHASH,Ike,"Maybe later, 'kay?"
REHASH,Kyle,[walks up to Ike] Well what are you watching?
REHASH,PewDiePie,"How's it goin' bros? My name's PewDiePie. I'm playing Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Here we go. [breaks through a door and is met with gunfire] Agh! People are shooting at me, bros!"
REHASH,Kyle,You're watching someone play Call Of Duty and talk about it?
REHASH,Ike,[claps] PewDiePie!
REHASH,PewDiePie,There's lots of bullet! And I've gotta run! RUN FOR THE BUNKER! RUUUUN!
REHASH,Kyle,"Ike, we could go play the game downstairs. Isn't that better than watching some guy on YouTube playing it?"
REHASH,PewDiePie,"Alright, I hope that's enough."
REHASH,Ike,Meh.
REHASH,PewDiePie,"Uh, like I said, um... Look at this. Look at this. Ooohhh, gigrrig! [fires away at will]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Cafeteria, lunchtime"
REHASH,Kyle,"Dude, I'm telling you. It's crazy. All my little brother wants to do is sit on YouTube watching this PewDiePie play video games. I swear, I don't understand kids these days."
REHASH,Butters,What's a PewDiePie do?
REHASH,Kyle,"Google him. He's this guy from Sweden who has over 30 million YouTube subscribers. We didn't even know, but he's a bigger celebrity to kids than anyone. It just seems so lame."
REHASH,Cartman,"He plays video games and makes millions of dollars, and it's lame how?"
REHASH,Kyle,"Because- because that's not even entertainment! I mean, it's just, just, rehashing shit, isn't it?? It's like everything these kids are into these days, you know, it's just... rehashed shit!"
REHASH,Scene Description,Commercial for an upcoming concert
REHASH,Announcer,"This Saturday, at the Pepsi Center, it's Women of Rock! Miley Cyrus, Iggy Azalea, Nicki Minaj, and Lorde! [Randy] All on one stage, on one night! With a special appearance by Michael Jackson's Hologram!"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,Hee hee!
REHASH,Announcer,"Ticket proceeds help fight the gluten crisis in West Africa! It's a night of pure, pure estrogen! Tickets on sale now! [TeleChargeIt and TicketMastering info go up]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"Randy's garage, night. Randy runs inside to call someone in private"
REHASH,Randy,"Yeah, it's me. I told you I can't play the concert!"
REHASH,Record producer,"Come on, this is a great lineup."
REHASH,Randy,"Look, I do a lot of post-production enhancements to make my music sound the way it does, okay? I feel like if I play live I'm... really gonna disappoint people. I'm sorry, but the answer is no."
REHASH,Record producer,I don't think you're really in a position to turn down this kind of gig.
REHASH,Randy,What is that supposed to mean?
REHASH,Record producer,I understand your son gave all your savings to Canada.
REHASH,Randy,"Yes, Freemium gaming."
REHASH,Record producer,"I'm sorry. Freemium gaming destroys lives. I lost my father to Candy Crush. [Randy sighs] You need this, Lorde. And the girls out there need you. You've got till tomorrow to think it over. [hangs up. Randy ends the call]"
REHASH,Randy,I love Candy Crush.
REHASH,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. The boys are there waiting for the bus"
REHASH,Kyle,All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.
REHASH,Stan,I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.
REHASH,Kyle,"I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it. And you know why? Commentary."
REHASH,Kenny,(Commentary?)
REHASH,Kyle,"Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a little guy in a window on the screen. Someone who just comments on stuff. I mean, really? Who would even WANT to do that?! [Cartman eyes his phone with Stan and Kenny look at Kyle]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, later. He's set up a YouTube channel and is now broadcasting on it"
REHASH,Cartman,"Hey bros, what's going on? This is CartmaaanBrah! Be sure to subscribe to my channel if you haven't already, 'cause subscribing makes you feel good! Uhh, so today I'm gonna comment on Call Of Duty. More specifically, I'm going to comment on my friends commenting on Call Of Duty, so let's start. [a recording of the earlier conversation plays]"
REHASH,Kyle,All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.
REHASH,Cartman,"That's Kyle the Jew again, talking about Call Of Duty to Stan."
REHASH,Stan,I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.
REHASH,Cartman,"[reaches for some chips and eat them, chuckles, then] Stan is such a douchebag. He just agrees with Kyle no matter what."
REHASH,Kyle,"I know! But that doesn't matter any more! These kids don't wanna play the game, they just wanna watch people on YouTube play it."
REHASH,Kenny,(Commentary?)
REHASH,Cartman,There's Kenny commenting on Call of Duty. Kenny! Kenny! SPEAK UP!! SPEAK THROUGH THE HOOD KENNY!
REHASH,Kyle,Yeah. You used to sit in the living room with family and friends to hear their commentary on things. Now you can get it with a l-
REHASH,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, kitchen. Sharon is washing, Randy is drying, Shelly walks in excitedly"
REHASH,Shelly,"Mom, Dad, Kelly and Stacy are going to the Women of Rock concert! Can I go with them?! [anxiously waits for an answer]"
REHASH,Sharon,"I don't know, Shelly."
REHASH,Shelly,"But Mom, Lorde is playing! You can't not let me go or I'll hate you forever! [Randy and Sharon turn around]"
REHASH,Randy,"Shelly, there's a good chance Lorde isn't goin' to show up."
REHASH,Shelly,"She will too! She has to show up, and if I don't get to see her I'm gonna kill myself!"
REHASH,Randy,And what if you go and Lorde doesn't sound that great in person?
REHASH,Shelly,"That doesn't matter, Dad! We love Lorde because she's real! Gosh, you guys don't understand anything!"
REHASH,Randy,"You know, I think Lorde is going to play tomorrow."
REHASH,Shelly,So can I go or not?!
REHASH,Randy,If she means that much to you.
REHASH,Shelly,"Okay, yay, thanks, love you guys. [smiles and walks away]"
REHASH,Sharon,Sooo you're doing it? [smiles]
REHASH,Randy,How can I let her down? Do you mind finishing up here? I think I should practice a little.
REHASH,Sharon,Of course not. [Randy walks away and out of earshot] Anything to keep you away from cock magic.
REHASH,Scene Description,"Ike's room, later. Ike is still at his computer eating Cheetos"
REHASH,Cartman,"Uhh, so today I'm gonna comment on Call Of Duty."
REHASH,Kyle,"[goes into the room] Hey Ike, you wanna come watch TV with me?"
REHASH,Cartman,"More specifically, I'm going to comment on my friends commenting on Call Of Duty, so let's start."
REHASH,Kyle,"Oh no! No, Ike! You are not watching him comment on things!"
REHASH,Kyle,All I wanted was to play one level of Call of Duty and you know what Ike told me? He said the living room was for old people.
REHASH,Cartman,"That's Kyle the Jew again, talking about Call Of Duty to Stan."
REHASH,Kyle,[approaches the monitor] What the fuck?!
REHASH,Stan,I don't get it. The whole fun of Call of Duty is that you get to do the shooting.
REHASH,Cartman,"[reaches for some chips and eat them, chuckles, then] Stan is such a douchebag. He just agrees with Kyle no matter what."
REHASH,Kyle,"Ike, that is enough! If you're interested in Call of Duty, go play it downstairs in the living room!"
REHASH,Cartman,"God these guys are so annoying, aren't they? CartmaaanBrah!"
REHASH,Kyle,But that's all that matter now! It's just all ... and the new celebrity?
REHASH,Ike,CartmaaanBrah!
REHASH,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, basketball court, day. Cartman, Stan, and Kenny are playing a game. Cartman has the ball. Kyle runs up, angry"
REHASH,Kyle,What do you think you're doing?!
REHASH,Cartman,Shooting for a D in a game of Horsedick.
REHASH,Kyle,You know what I mean! Why is my little brother watching you talking about us talking about him?!
REHASH,Cartman,I have a YouTube blog where I comment on video games. Big whoop.
REHASH,Kyle,I don't need Ike listening to you comment on anything!
REHASH,Stan,What are you talking about?
REHASH,Kyle,This fat fuck thinks he's PewDiePie! Because of him I can't get Ike to come out of his room!
REHASH,Cartman,"Because of me?! I'm pretty sure I'm not the person who invented ""Let's Plays"", Kyle."
REHASH,Kyle,"""Let's Plays""?"
REHASH,Cartman,"That's what they're called, dude. Get with the times. [turns to the basket and takes his shot. Kyle looks away and down]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"The Women of Rock concert at the Pepsi Center, night. Miley Cyrus is performing"
REHASH,Miley Cyrus,"There's a party going on and it's all right here, yehhhehehah! Throw my hands in the air while I'm twerkin' this chair There's a party going on and it's all right here, yehhhehehah! And I'm movin' my hands while I'm shakin' my tits."
REHASH,Stagehand,"Alright guys, uh, Miley's about to finish up her set. So next we'll need you, Nicki Minaj, then Iggy Azalea who'll be performing with a hologram of Michael Jackson, and then finally you, Lorde. [walks out of the dressing room backwards] Have a great show, ladies."
REHASH,Randy,"Hey uh, listen, I, I thought I could do this, but it's not gonna work."
REHASH,Record producer,"You're nervous, it's understandable."
REHASH,Randy,No I'm eh... I know for a fact that I don't sound the same live.
REHASH,Record producer,"You think those people out there care what you sound like? You're just another female pop star. Just go out there, pump your hips and rub your clit."
REHASH,Randy,Hey! That's not what my music is about! I'm not reducing myself to that!
REHASH,Iggy,"Oh fuck you, Lorde! You think you're so much better than everyone!"
REHASH,Randy,"No, I don't, Iggy. I just think that our younger girl fans need something a little more positive as role models."
REHASH,Iggy,"That's easy for you to say because YOU don't have a nice body! Is that why you're so high and mighty, Lorde?! Because you're jealous of this booty?!"
REHASH,Randy,"Iggs, I really don't care to go through this again with you."
REHASH,Iggy,'Cause let's face it! You got legs that look like a horse!
REHASH,Randy,Fuck you! [they start fighting and break through a table full of finger food and drinks]
REHASH,Record producer,Alright that's enough! [breaks up the scuffle and separates the two artists] Look at yourselves!
REHASH,Iggy,"You're an internet bullshit artist, Lorde!"
REHASH,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. The doorbell rings and Kyle answers it. Stan comes in"
REHASH,Stan,"Hey, what's up?"
REHASH,Kyle,You're not gonna believe this.
REHASH,Stan,"Oh no, what now?"
REHASH,Kyle,"I wanted to get Ike out of his room, so I invited all his friends over for a slumber party to play Dragon Age: Inquisition."
REHASH,Stan,Yeah?
REHASH,Kyle,Come on! [leads Stan upstairs]
REHASH,Scene Description,"Ike's room. There are five other kids beside Ike in his room, and each one is using a tablet or a laptop, so no one is talking. Ike is watching PewDiePie on his monitor"
REHASH,PewDiePie,[giggling] He's just laying there.
REHASH,Kyle,See? Look at this. Ike has all his friends over and they're just sitting around on their own computers barely talking to each other. Ike is watching PewDiePie play Dragon Age.
REHASH,PewDiePie,"I'm going ""Dun dun dadadun dun dadadun."""
REHASH,Kids,[in unison] PewDiePie!
REHASH,Kyle,And this kid is watching Cartman commenting on people commenting on Dragon Age.
REHASH,Butters,Well it's a really great game. The characters are so rich.
REHASH,Cartman,"Butters is such a butthole, oh my God! CartmaaanBrah!"
REHASH,Kids,CartmanBrah!
REHASH,Stan,"Dude, video games are meant to be played in a living room, not something to watch people comment on!"
REHASH,Conner,"Okay Grandpa, we'll be sure to keep that in mind. [the kids laugh]"
REHASH,Stan,Grandpa?
REHASH,Kyle,"This is how they talk to us! [to Conner] You'd better watch your mouth, kid!"
REHASH,Kid 1,"Yeah Conner, we're supposed to respect our elders, remember?"
REHASH,Kid 2,It's best to just make old people think they matter.
REHASH,Stan,"Oh, is that right?! Do you even know how to multiply?!"
REHASH,Kid 2,No sir. Thank goodness we have you to do that. [Ike laughs at PewDiePie's gameplay]
REHASH,Stan,We're not being grandpas! Your guys's stuff is just seriously lame! Our generation's stuff is cool!
REHASH,PewDiePie,Oh my God I killed him!
REHASH,Scene Description,"Back at the Pepsi Center, Iggy Azalea is performing."
REHASH,Iggy,"Missy who who? That's all I do is rip off Missy. Missy who? Missy who? Missy who? Missy who, who? Missy who, who? Alright bitches and hos, via hologram and shit, Michael Jackson! [two men from the Syntech Hologram Company get ready]"
REHASH,Tech 1,"And, cue the hologram! [a bunch of special lights come on and produce the hologram, and the hologram performs Michael's signature moves. The crowd goes wild as Michael's music plays. The hologram moonwalks like Michael did]"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,"Hee hee. [as the crowd roars, Iggy starts twerking to the hologram]"
REHASH,Randy,They shouldn't rehash dead people. It's so wrong.
REHASH,Nicki,"Oh Lorde, you're such a purist."
REHASH,Randy,"Can't help it, Nick. Can't help feeling like... we're losing something."
REHASH,Scene Description,"Wendy: The Wendy Williams Show, now on air. Wendy comes out in a blue dress and black jacket"
REHASH,Wendy,Hi everybody. I love you!
REHASH,Audience,Thanks for loving me. I love you too.
REHASH,Wendy,"So I guess there's this new trend with young people where the celebrities they look up to most are YouTube commentators. Just ordinary people who sit in front of a mic and blab their opinions about everything while their mindless loyal followers cheer them on. Isn't that crazy?? [the audience cheers in agreement] Well let's meet one of these stars of the internet. Please welcome CartmanBrah! [Instead of Cartman himself appearing on the couch, Cartman's commenter window pops up - he's doing this via satellite]"
REHASH,Cartman,CartmaaanBrah!
REHASH,Wendy,So can you explain to our audience members over the age of five what it is that you DO?
REHASH,Cartman,"Well, Wendy, I started by talking about people talking about video games, but now I'm branching out into talking about people talking about music and the arts as well."
REHASH,Wendy,And why do you think young people-?
REHASH,Cartman,CartmaaanBrah!
REHASH,Wendy,...Why do you think young people are responding to this? [Cartman mocks the question by asking it back in nonsense syllables] I'm asking you a question! [Cartman continues with the nonsense replies]
REHASH,Cartman,"CartmaaanBrah! CartmanBrah! Be sure to subscribe to my channel, brahs."
REHASH,Scene Description,"Back at the Pepsi Center, the MC is about to introduce Lorde. The crowd cheers loudly"
REHASH,MC,"And now, give it up for the girl from New Zealand, LORDE!"
REHASH,Randy,"Thank you! Thanks a lot! This is for all the royals out there! [begins playing an acoustic guitar. Shelly is in the audience with Kelly and Stacy] Lorde Looorde. I'm Lorde, ya ya ya-a-a. Sittin' on the toilet thinkin' 'bout how I'm not as rich as other people, ya ya ya. [the cheering dies down] Yaa ya ya ya, I'll never be, I'll never by royalty. Ya ya ya. But that'd be nice 'cause that'd be a nice fantaasy. [the mood of the audience begins to change] Women's bathrooms smell so nice, ya ya ya. Ya ya ya. [the audience begins to boo] And we'll never be- Lorde Lorde Lor- Lorde flushing- Lordy Lordy Lorde. Lor-uh, okay, uh. [turns right and the mic falls to the ground] Oh God. Sorry. [bends over to pick up the mic...] Uh hold on.[...but drops the guitar instead. The boos intensify] Hang on, uh. [to bail Lorde out of this mess, the technicians bring Michael's hologram back to the stage]"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,Hee hee. [the hologram runs through the audience] I'm free! I'm free!
REHASH,Randy,"[dusts himself off] Sorry folks, just one second here."
REHASH,Scene Description,The Pepsi Center entrance. Michael's hologram runs through the metal detector and begins to dance. Security guards are hot on his tail
REHASH,MJ Hologram,Hee hee. Dah dadit dat ja!
REHASH,Guard 1,"Stop him. [another guard tries to grab the hologram, but realizes it can't be done. The hologram leaves the Center. The guards run out after it, and a guard guard gets on his walkie-talkie]"
REHASH,Guard 1,Michael Jackson's hologram is on the loose!
REHASH,MJ Hologram,[leaving the parking area] Hee hee!
REHASH,Scene Description,The Pepsi Center stage. Lorde is still on stage getting booed.
REHASH,Randy,"Ah ya ya. Okay, uh. Ah ya ya ya ya-a-a-a. [the boos don't stop, and Randy's vision becomes prismatic] Okay, uh, uh... [steps aside and begins to simulate rubbing his ""clit""] Oooo![hops onto the car on stage and continues the simulation] Oh yeah! Oh my clit! Oh yeah! Oooo yeah, flick that bean, yeah! [the boos are replaced by disgust. Shelly and friends are disappointed]"
REHASH,Fan,"Ogh! Lorde, ewww!"
REHASH,Randy,"Oh, I'm so horny, yeah! Ooo, fuck, my clit's so big! Oooo! [fans begin to walk out of the concert]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dining room. Sharon, Randy, and Stan are having dinner"
REHASH,Randy,"Could you um, pass the potatoes, Stan? [Stan reaches to his left and passes the potatoes to Randy] Great, thanks. [serves himself some potatoes] Well, nobody's talking. Does anyone have anything to talk about?"
REHASH,Stan,"Why'd you have to rub your clit on stage, Dad?"
REHASH,Randy,I was told to!
REHASH,Sharon,"You were told to walk out in front of a hundred thousand people including little girls who look up to you, and start rubbing your clit."
REHASH,Randy,"Okay, hold on! A, I don't have a clit, so technically, I wasn't rubbing anything! And B, I didn't want to even perform tonight, but Stanley gave all our money to Canada through a freemium game, so if anyone rubbed their clit, it was him! [Stan hisses and leaves the table. Sharon just leaves. Some time later, Randy drops in on Shelly in her room and sees her crying on her bed, face down. He then notices that the Lorde poster on the wall is in tatters and ripped in half. Randy leaves and closes the door softly]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Kyle walks around a darkened living room, rubbing his left hand along the coffee table, then along the TV, and he finds them dusty"
REHASH,Kyle,It's dying. The living room is... dying.
REHASH,Scene Description,"Randy's garage, night. Randy enters to talk to the record producer on the phone in private"
REHASH,Randy,"Yeah, it's me. I need to fix this. How can I undo the clit-rubbing?"
REHASH,Record producer,What are you talking about? It's great! You're the most commented-on artist in the world right now! You're blowing up twitter and you're trending on CartmanBrah. #clitnubbin
REHASH,Randy,"Look, this isn't what I want! My music is supposed to be-"
REHASH,Record producer,"It's not about the music, Lorde! It never was. It's about comments! And sister, you've got 'em!"
REHASH,Randy,This ends now. I'm gonna tell people the truth.
REHASH,Scene Description,"The Rockies, day. A South Park City Transit bus is going to town, and Michael's hologram is in it. Everyone is on their iPhones or iPads"
REHASH,Passenger,"Will you look at that? Everyone on their cell phones, nobody sayin' a word to each other. Call me a grandpa, but I still like commenting face to face with folks. You know what I mean, buddy?"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,Yes.
REHASH,Passenger,"You're headin' up to the mountains too, huh? Gonna do some skiin'?"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,"No, I just need to... take care of some im-, important business."
REHASH,Passenger,"Oh, what kind of business? Oh are you a fisherman?"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,"Yes. I mean, yes, that's all. I'm, I'm just gonna fish and hunt."
REHASH,Passenger,"Oh, you're a hunter? What do you prey upon?"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,[stands up] Nobody! That's ignorant!
REHASH,Passenger,"Well, you must have a favorite kind of prey?"
REHASH,MJ Hologram,Allegedly! Allegedly! That's ignorant!
REHASH,Passenger,"You know, excuse me for saying so, but you seem kind of... transparent."
REHASH,MJ Hologram,...That's ignorant. I'm just cold.
REHASH,Passenger,I'm saying it must make it easier to sneak up on your prey.
REHASH,MJ Hologram,"Allegedly! I'm weary of this conversation! Can we please stop talking, please?! Ignorant!"
REHASH,Passenger,"[looks him over] Well, whatever it is you're after, I hope you get it."
REHASH,MJ Hologram,"Oh I will. Trust me, I will. [The bus enters South Park.]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"The Syntech Hologram Company, day. The record producer is with the tech working on the hologram problem"
REHASH,Tech 2,"Ah, we've lost any ability to track the hologram's location. Ih...it looks like it reprogrammed its guidance systems."
REHASH,Record producer,We paid a lot of money for that hologram. You'd better find a way to get it back!
REHASH,Tech 3,Project Alpha?
REHASH,Tech 4,Yes. That might be our only option.
REHASH,Record producer,What is Project Alpha?
REHASH,Tech 4,The first hologram we ever created to appear on stage. It was a prototype. But perhaps the best thing to stop a hologram-
REHASH,Tech 3,Is another hologram. Bring up Project Alpha!
REHASH,Tech 2,"Sir, are you sure that we wanna-?"
REHASH,Tech 3,Bring it up! [Tech 2 gets to work. Everyone turns around and watches as the hologram is assembled]
REHASH,Record producer,What is that?
REHASH,Tech 3,Tupac.
REHASH,Tech 4,"[approaches the hologram] Tupac? [the hologram is activated] Yo. The hologram of Michael Jackson is on the loose. We need you to ""take care of the situation."" [the hologram takes out a Glock hologram and cocks it, then he walks forward, then turns left and walks out]"
REHASH,Tech 3,"Godspeed, Tupac."
REHASH,Scene Description,"The Syntech Hologram Company, outside. Tupac crosses the street and a car almost runs him down. The couple inside is in shock"
REHASH,Man,"Oh my gosh, honey look it's Tupac! I told you them homies didn't cap his ass! [Tupac opens the driver's door, pulls the driver out and throws him to the ground, then gets into the driver's seat and takes off with the car and driver's wife. The driver gets up and pulls out his phone] Oh, this is going on Instagram! [takes the picture]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Cartman's commenter window is there in his place"
REHASH,Cartman,"Hey hey, how's it going, bros? This is CartmanBrah. CartmaaanBrah. And uhh, we are, it looks like we are at the bus stop now. [the other three boys walk into view] Yep, there's Kyle, Stan and Kenny looking stupid as ever."
REHASH,Kyle,I don't know what the hell to do. The whole world's gone crazy.
REHASH,Stan,Tell me about it.
REHASH,Cartman,"Uh oh, it looks like Kyle is taking issue with something again. Kyle's got a pro-blem. CartmanBrah!"
REHASH,Kyle,"You know, you used to sit in the living room with your friends and family, and THEY were the ones commenting on whatever was on TV."
REHASH,Cartman,[exasperated] Oh God.
REHASH,Kyle,[notices the commenter window above the bus stop sign] Do you mind?!
REHASH,Cartman,"Oh, looks like Kyle is commenting on my commenter window, bras! Be sure to comment on that. #kyleisgettingfrustrated"
REHASH,Kyle,Dude! Nobody wants to hear you commenting on things!
REHASH,Cartman,"Oh really. Ten thousand subscribers and counting, brah!"
REHASH,Scene Description,"Buca de Faggoncini, day. Randy goes inside. The record producer is waiting for him at a table. Randy approaches, but doesn't sit down."
REHASH,Randy,Thanks for seeing me. I've got my speech written. I'm ready to let the world know the truth. [the producer puts down his fork and wipes his lips off with a napkin.]
REHASH,Record producer,"Sit down, Lorde."
REHASH,Randy,I'm not interested in being talked out of ending this. It's the right thing to do.
REHASH,Record producer,"[stands up and walks to a nearby bar] Do you know what an artist is now, Lorde? An artist is a conversation piece, nothing more. [pours himself a drink] Like a vase, or a kitschy side table. Just something for people to comment on. [turns around] The old ways are dying. We're not making money off records, we're making money off tweets. And you've taken it to a whole new level."
REHASH,Randy,Well that's not a world Lorde ever wanted to be a part of.
REHASH,Record producer,On the contrary. Lorde is going on the Jimmy Fallon show tonight and exposing her asshole for everyone to freak out about.
REHASH,Randy,I'll do no such thing!
REHASH,Record producer,"Who said anything about you? [whips out a small remote control and presses a button on it. Some lasers turn on and assemble a new hologram. It's Lorde's hologram. It walks up to the producer and stands beside him. Randy is frightened and takes several steps back. Two bodyguards appear behind him, and he notices. The producer closes the blinds]"
REHASH,Randy,You can't just replace artists with holograms. Who will make the content?
REHASH,Record producer,"Today, commentary IS the content. And you, I'm afraid, are just in the way. [the bodyguards quickly escort him out]"
REHASH,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Mr. Garrison wipes off the previous night's work from the blackboard."
REHASH,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, let's take our seats. Before we get started, Kyle has asked to say a few words. Go ahead, Kyle."
REHASH,Kyle,"[walks up to the front of the class and turns around. He reads from a sheet of paper] What is happening to our living rooms? There is a crisis in America, and-"
REHASH,Cartman,"[his commenter window pops up] Looks like we're in the school now. Check out Wendy, she's flat as a pancake."
REHASH,Mr. Garrison,What the hell is that?
REHASH,Kyle,It's Cartman's stupid online persona!
REHASH,Cartman,Oh my dick's gettin hard again! It's protrudin' out my paaaaants!
REHASH,Mr. Garrison,What the hell?
REHASH,Cartman,"This is the way of the future, Mr. Garrison."
REHASH,Butters,It's true!
REHASH,Cartman,"Heh that's right, Butters will back me up on anything. He's such a bitch."
REHASH,Butters,Heheyehah.
REHASH,Kyle,There is a crisis in America! As families grow further and further apart-
REHASH,Cartman,[mocking] There is a crisis in America. and we have to save our living rooms. Our living rooms are dying.
REHASH,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, will you make him stop!"
REHASH,Mr. Garrison,I don't- I don't even understand what's happening.
REHASH,Kyle,THIS is the reason why our living rooms are dying!
REHASH,Cartman,"[mocking] This is the reason why our living rooms are dying, so we've got to do something."
REHASH,Mr. Mackey,"Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office, please? Eric Cartman's commenter window to the principal's office!"
REHASH,Cartman,What the hell did I do?
REHASH,Scene Description,"Principal Victoria's office, later."
REHASH,Principal Victoria,"Eric, I've had a lot of complaints that your online persona is becoming a distraction."
REHASH,Cartman,Well this sucks. Looks like I'm in the principal's office for just commenting on things.
REHASH,Principal Victoria,"Eric, I am talking to YOU!"
REHASH,Cartman,Adults so don't get what's cool anymore.
REHASH,Scene Description,The Marsh house. Randy rushes in through the front door
REHASH,Randy,Sharon? Sharon!
REHASH,Sharon,[comes down the stairs in her bath robe] Randy? What's going on?
REHASH,Randy,"They made a hologram of me, Sharon! They don't care about the music! They're REPLACING us!"
REHASH,Sharon,"Oh my God! You mean, I just slept with a hologram?"
REHASH,Randy,The hologram's in our bedroom?
REHASH,Sharon,Yes!
REHASH,Tupac's Hologram,"I've gotta be leavin' now, Sharon. I would leave you my number but I'm just a hologram 'n shit."
REHASH,Randy,You slept with Tupac?! SHARON!
REHASH,Scene Description,"The record producer's limousine, back seat. Cartman's commenter window is there with the record producer"
REHASH,Record producer,"It's a brave new world, starting much sooner than we thought. What we need is someone who truly gets the changing of the guard. We have an army of holograms poised to start the next chapter in American culture. How would you like to be in charge of it all?"
REHASH,Cartman,"[in his commenter window] Ohohoh, totally, brah! So sweet. Being in charge of stuff rules! CartmaaanBrah!"
REHASH,Record producer,Glad you feel that way. We have a lot to do together. We're about to take this to a whole new level.
REHASH,Cartman,"Ooohh, I love whole new levels! This is gonna be so totally awesome! CartmaaanBrah!"
HappyHolograms,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, a snowy day. He's preparing for Hanukkah, setting up the menorah with nine candles. He's lit the second candle, for the second day of Hanukkah, then takes a selfie of himself and the menorah"
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"It's the holiday season, but the good times... are ending. Because what matters most isn't what's good, it's what's trending. [leaves the menorah and stops by Ike's room, and looks in] This younger generation, with their eyes and ears glued: What's trending to them is trenders who trend on YouTube. [Ike is watching ""Dragon Age: Inquisition"" on his computer while eating Flamin' Hot Cheetos]"
HappyHolograms,Cartman,"[his commenter window pops up on screen] Ahem, how's it going brahs? This is CartmaaanBrah!"
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"Comments on commentators, it's all changing so fast. Playing XBox with your brother is... just a thing of the past. [Kyle looks at the floor, turns back and walks away. he stops by the kitchen, then by his dad's study. Gerald takes a selfie with his pet project: a model of a ship] Now with Ma on her iPad, and Dad trending or trying, All the family is scattered, and the living room's dying. [he walks through the living room, then stops and looks around] Because it wasn't the outdoors or church or even trips to go ski, [he looks at the TV and walks up to it] What brought families together most was a good old TV [he walks through the park with his head down] Now we watch things by ourselves and just tweet what we saw. [he sees a little girl on a bench looking at her iPhone] And if you try to complain, you get called a-"
HappyHolograms,Girl,Grandpa!
HappyHolograms,Kyle,I'm NOT a GRANDPA!
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"[Now at his own desk] But now let me tweet this for you all to comment upon. [The following is the tweet] The more connected we get, the more alone we become. If you want change like I do, and feel the same gloom, Then please follow THIS trend, #savethelivingroom [finishes the tweet but doesn't submit it yet. He's wearing a tee shirt with #savethelivingroom on it]"
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Whattaya think?
HappyHolograms,Butters,"Hmmm, it's kind of gay."
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Really??
HappyHolograms,Butters,"I mean, havin' it all rhyme 'n stuff, you know?"
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"Hm, I wasn't really going for ""gay,"" I was more going for ""wholesome."""
HappyHolograms,Butters,"Well, gay is wholesome."
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"But it's gotta be perfect. We're trending well, but we need to attract more followers who want good old family values."
HappyHolograms,Sheila,"[knocks, then enters] Kyle, Bill Cosby is here to see you."
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Bill Cosby.
HappyHolograms,Sheila,Yes.
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Is here. To see me.
HappyHolograms,Sheila,Yes. [turns around and leaves]
HappyHolograms,Scene Description,"The living room, moments later. Kyle and Butters come downstairs and see Bill"
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,Oh! There he is comin' down the stairs.
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Hello.
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,"Hello, son. Your savethelivingroom hash tag is getting a lot of attention and we think it's great."
HappyHolograms,Kyle,We?
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,"I'm just a small part of a big epic holiday special, which is gonna air this weekend. [notices how dusty the TV is and wipes some of the dust off with his right hand] It's a shame how families don't gather in their living rooms like they used to, and we think a big holiday special is just the thing America needs now."
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Wow. [smiles] Well that's awesome!
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,Well the producers of the show saw how much your idea was trending and thought we should get your hash-tag on board with ours.
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"M-Ah, I'd love to."
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,Great! I'll go right now and tell them you're on board. We've gotta do this quickly!
HappyHolograms,Kyle,Uh okay! No problem! [Bill lets himself out]
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,"This holiday special is gonna bring families together again, son!"
HappyHolograms,Kyle,"Uh thanks, Mr. Cosby!"
HappyHolograms,Bill Cosby,"Happy Holidays! [Kyle closes the door, and Bill's glitch appears as he walks away - this Bill is a hologram]"
HappyHolograms,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. Detective Harries is grilling Randy and Sharon on their story.
HappyHolograms,Det. Harris,"Mr. Marsh, forgive me if I say your story sounds a little farfetched. You're saying that these people who what you killed are entertainment producers?"
HappyHolograms,Randy,"Yes, they made a copy of me and they don't want me around anymore. They're about to do something big, and they need famous artists to be controlled for it."
HappyHolograms,Officer 1,[with mustache] Who's the famous artist?
HappyHolograms,Randy,"Me! Oh right, I forgot to tell you that part. I'm actually Lorde."
HappyHolograms,Det. Harris,You're Lorde.
HappyHolograms,Sharon,"The nineteen year old pop star. It's true, that's him."
HappyHolograms,Officer 1,You mean the girl who just showed her asshole on Jimmy Fallon?
HappyHolograms,Randy,No! That was a copy of me!
HappyHolograms,Officer 2,Right. The thing that I jacked off to was you! Huh! [bemused smile which quickly fades.]
HappyHolograms,Randy,"Look, I don't know what they're up to, but these people have something much darker planned!"
HappyHolograms,Officer 3,[runs into the station] Detective Harris! Sir! We've got a problem!
HappyHolograms,Det. Harris,"[turns around] What is it, Adams?"
