Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,[pulls the rope taut] I think that's got it.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Nice job, Pip."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,Did I do a nice job? Really?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"Alright, Butters. Now it's your turn. [he and Dougie help Butters onto the window sill and hook him up to the rope]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Wha-ah I don't know about this, uh. I think I'll reconsider. Yep uh I think reconsiderin' is the thing to do right now. [Dougie pushes him off] Waaah! [slides down to Barbrady and bounces off the hook] Gooh. [runs to the reporter]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,He made it down. [Pip and Dougie grin]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Outside.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"Alright, people, prepare to fire on my command! [the agents take aim]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uhuh, Mr. Reporter, sir?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,Huh?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uhuh wuhwe've got an eyewitness exclusive video for you, sir. [hands it to the reporter, who inspects it]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,"Inside, living room. Randy stands alone in the middle of the crowd, despondent"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,[walks up] Honey?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"[hushed] God, everybody's looking at me. Everybody knows."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,Everybody doesn't know. And why are you so ashamed of me?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,What's happened to you?! You've become all needy and talkative and-!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,I just want to know it meant something to you.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"It didn't mean anything to me, Gerry! [the music stops] All we did was watch each other masturbate in the hot tub! [people turn and stare. One man gasps and Sharon lifts her head from the floor]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man in briefs,"Aw, I was just in the hot tub. [a man next to him pulls away]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Yeah! Yeah, it's true! I thought it would be exciting, and maybe it was, but I can't deal with your accusing stares! [shots of various people looking at him] We watched each other jack off in the hot tub! There! We did it! I'm not proud of it, but there it is!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mackey,"Uh. Well, it's not like you're the only guy who's ever watched another guy masturbate; I've done it."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ned,Mmm-me too. [other men begin to answer]
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 1,"Yeah, uh I've done it a few times."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 2,Yep.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 3,Yup.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 4,Uh huh.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 5,Me too.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 6,"Myeup, me too."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Man 7,Yup.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Jimbo,"Aw, hell, uh I've done it too. With Cameron here. [points to the burly man who spoke earlier]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Mackey,"[music resumes] Uh, Juanita, could you fix some more dip, please, Juanita? [she goes to do it, and conversation resumes among the guests]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,You mean it? I'm not gay?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Jimbo,[walks up] Hwell... maybe a little. But we're all a little gay.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Oh, I feel so much better! Wow!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Gerald,So we're friends again?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Randy,"Uh, you bet we are, Gerry! I feel great! I feel like I could take on the world! Everything's gonna be okay!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Outside. The Negotiator is rolled into placed and aimed once more
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"Alright everyone, fire!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Reporter,"[runs in front of the cannon and waves his arms] Hold on just a minute! This is Derek Smalls reporting. We have just received an exclusive video from inside the house [holds it up], proving that the people inside are not cultists after all."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"[to an agent] Uh oh. [runs to address the agents and waves his arms] Uh uh attention everyone! This has only been a test. Good job, men, on this, uh, simulation."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Blond agent,Simulation?
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"[to the blond] Sh. [to all] All is well. Do not shoot at [BOOM. The cannonball hits a house behind Mackey's, then bounces to crush another, then another, and yet another. Stan, Pip, and Dougie rush outside to join the reporter.]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"O-hoh, I believe we've saved the day! [Butters joins them]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,Woops.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,ATF agent,"Sir, this isn't gonna look good."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Ganz,"You're right. Quick, let's get out of here! [in the blink of an eye, every ATF agent and vehicle rushes away, leaving a clear road]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Derek,"Say, that was a fine piece of journalism, boys."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Dougie,"Wow, you mean that?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Derek,"Sure. Why, with your tape, I'll be able to make millions and further my career beyond my wildest dreams. [walks away with the tape]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uhuh oh uh, uh hooray, then!"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Pip,"There. Angels, I must say I think we did a smashing job."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uh we, we sure did. Why, we put the fear of God in those ATF sons of guns, I can tell ya."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,"But you know, I learned something today. I used to call you guys Melvins. But you're just kids, like me. We separate you in school because you talk different and you study too hard, but we've proven tonight that we can all get along."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Butters,"Uh, so you mean we can stay friends, Stan? Wouldn't that be swell, huh?"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Kyle,[shows up] Dude! I'm glad to see you. You would not believe the night I had.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,You?! You think you had a bad night?! I had to hang out all night with these friggin' Melvins!
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Kyle,"Hoh, dude, weak."
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Stan,Super weak.
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Kyle,"Come on. I'll tell you all about what happened to me. [goes inside with Stan and Ike, leaving the Melvins outside sad.]"
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub,Scene Description,Cher's mangled song plays.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Broflovski residence. Gerald and Sheila are with Ike at his changing table in his room.
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Hold still, Ike! We have to get you dressed! Where the heck is Kyle?"
Jewbilee,Gerald,"I don't know. Come on, Kyle! You're gonna be late for Jew Scouts!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"Kyle looks in the bathroom mirror to make sure everything is set, and hums. Both he and Kyle have little pigtails hanging from their hair."
Jewbilee,Sheila,Kyle!
Jewbilee,Kyle,"I'm coming, Ma! [the doorbell rings]"
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Go get the door, Kyle!"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"[to himself, angrily] ""Get ready"", ""answer the door"", Jesus Christ, make up your friggin' mind! [exits]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Living room. Kyle walks across to the front door and opens it
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Oh! Hey, Kenny."
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Kyle, I'm gonna camp and watch the meteor shower. Do you wanna come and see it with me?)"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"I can't watch the meteor shower with you, Kenny. I have to go to Jewbilee."
Jewbilee,Kenny,(What's that?)
Jewbilee,Kyle,"It's what we do in Jew Scouts. Usually we just sit around and make stuff. But tonight, because there's a meteor shower, we're gonna do some big thing out in the woods. It's gonna suck ass, I'm sure."
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Oh, that's alright.)"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Hey! Maybe you can come with me. Then it won't suck so hard.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Really?) [follows Kyle to the sofa, where Kyle's parents now wait]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Mom? Can Kenny go to Jewbilee with me?
Jewbilee,Sheila,"...Uhwell, Kyle, Jewbilee is sort of a ...special thing."
Jewbilee,Kyle,...Oh. Kenny isn't special?
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Aw.)
Jewbilee,Sheila,"No, no, you're very special, Kenny. It's just that... well, Jewbilee is... for Jewish kids. [Kyle and Kenny have blank stares]"
Jewbilee,Gerald,"You see boys, Jew Scouts is a special group that borrows a little bit from all different Jewish denominations. From the Orthodox Jews, from the Hasidic Jews, from the Northern Italy Cave Jews... But you have to believe the basic tenets of Judaism to be a Scout."
Jewbilee,Kyle,Kenny'll believe whatever you want him to.
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Kyle, eh, the problem is..."
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Please, Ma. I don't think Kenny has anywhere else to be tonight."
Jewbilee,Gerald,"Oh, all right. Just don't let any of the elders know that he isn't Jewish, okay?"
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Come on, Ike! [he hops in] It's time to go to Squirts!"
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Squirts?)
Jewbilee,Sheila,You have to be in Squirts if you're too young to be a Jew Scout.
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Oh.)
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Don't worry, Kenny. I'll fill you in on our faith on the way up there. [everyone heads out the door]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"In the car. The family and Kenny drive south as a full moon rises. Sheila gives a quick overview of the Old Testament, or Tanakh"
Jewbilee,Sheila,"And then, Kenny, Abraham's wife bore him no children. She had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was Hagar. And Sarai said unto Abraham, ""Behold now, the Lord hath restrained me from bearing. I pray thee, go into my maid."""
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Uh huh.)
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Abraham begat Isaac, who the Lord then said to kill. But that was just a little silly trick to see if Abraham would do it."
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Uh huh!)
Jewbilee,Ike,Eng jeck. [takes off his cap]
Jewbilee,Kyle,"No, Ike! Ma, Ike keeps taking off his Squirt uniform!"
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Ike, you behave!"
Jewbilee,Ike,Buwor? [takes off his cap again]
Jewbilee,Kyle,"No, Ike!"
Jewbilee,Ike,"Buh buh buh buh. [the cap is back on, the bandana comes off]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,I don't think Ike wants to go to Squirts.
Jewbilee,Gerald,"[turns to face the boys] Ike, your brother Kyle was in Squirts, and so was I. You have to go so someday you can be a big brave Jew Scout."
Jewbilee,Ike,No-o. [takes off the pigtails]
Jewbilee,Gerald,"Tell Ike how much fun Squirts is, Kyle."
Jewbilee,Kyle,What? You want me to lie?
Jewbilee,Gerald,"Yeah, lie."
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Oh. Ike, Squirts is so much fun--"
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Oh my God, what is that?! [brakes hard and stop. A big brown bear is walking towards them.]"
Jewbilee,Gerald,"Hey, it's a bear! [the bear turns left and walks into the woods]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Wow, cool."
Jewbilee,Sheila,"This retreat really is out of the way, isn't it?"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"The Jew Scout camp. The sign on the entrance reads, ""WELCOME TO JEWBILEE."" They reach the Jew welcome station"
Jewbilee,Ranger,Welcome to Jewbilee. You folks find it okay?
Jewbilee,Gerald,"Yeah. [the boys leave the car] Actually, we saw a bear a few miles back."
Jewbilee,Kyle,He was huge.
Jewbilee,Ranger,"Yeah. We spotted him a few days ago. Nothing to worry about, though. Your boys are safe with us."
Jewbilee,Sheila,I'm sure they are.
Jewbilee,Gerald,"We'll be back to pick you up after the meteor shower party, boys."
Jewbilee,Sheila,"Good-bye, boys. Kyle and Ike, you be safe. And Kenny?"
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Uh huh?)
Jewbilee,Sheila,Try and act Jewish. [drives away. Ike is properly dressed again]
Jewbilee,Kenny,(How do you do that?)
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"[arrives with his troop] Come on, Squirt! We're meeting over here! [motions to the place]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,[Ike hides behind him] Who are you?
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"I'm the Squirt leader. I don't want to be the Squirt leader, but I don't have a choice; it's the only way I can earn my chutzpah badge. So I gotta spend all night instructing Squirts."
Jewbilee,Kyle,"You have to go with him, Ike."
Jewbilee,Ike,Buh buh buh buh.
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Don't worry, Ike. Squirts is fun. And I'll be right over there in the next building. [points to it.]"
Jewbilee,Ike,Boul ball.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Come on! [drags Ike away. The Squirts leave as well, and the ranger returns]"
Jewbilee,Ranger,Name?
Jewbilee,Kyle,Kyle Broflovski.
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Kenny McCormick.)
Jewbilee,Ranger,What?
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Uh, Kenny McHeinenberg."
Jewbilee,Ranger,"[writes the names] Alright, get to Meshuggeneh Hall! The meeting is already starting."
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"On the way to Meshuggeneh Hall. Kenny is curious about the buildings, naturally."
Jewbilee,Kenny,(What's that?) [about the CHAMBER OF ELDERS]
Jewbilee,Kyle,This is where the elders meet. Nobody is allowed to go in there when they're having a meeting.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"Chamber of Elders, the meeting. The Chief Elder sits on a futuristic throne, from which he can look down at the other elders"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Baleilah hazein, Hame kadesh mekoh hikenazu puanazikeh hakeilah. (Now gather us, the elders, on this most holy of nights.)"
Jewbilee,Elders,"Helalelah, het Moshe. (Praise Moses.)"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"I want to welcome you all. Though we each come from a different sect of Judaism, on this night of Jewbilee, we all pray to Moses as one. Hineinih kureh leirukeshu. (May all the power of Moses show the way...) Now, let us all introduce ourselves."
Jewbilee,Elder 1,"[with buns on his head] Elder Carn, from the Orthodox synagogue."
Jewbilee,Elder 2,"[with mustache] Elder Harris, from the Hasidic sect."
Jewbilee,Elder 3,"Elder Garth, from the synagogue of anti-Semites."
Jewbilee,Chief elder,[cautiously] I don't believe I've heard of the anti-Semitic sect of Judaism before.
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,We're new.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Squirt's Lair. Stars of David are everywhere
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Okay, Squirts, the elders have given us a very important task tonight. We are all going to make macaroni pictures, like this one, [pulls out a picture of the Star of David made from macaroni] using dry macaroni, paper, and glue."
Jewbilee,Squirt 1,How come we have to make macaroni pictures?
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"[angrily] Because that's what Squirts do! Now, shut your pie-hole!"
Jewbilee,Squirt 2,What's your name?
Jewbilee,Ike,No.
Jewbilee,Squirt 2,How come your head is lookin' so... funny-looking?
Jewbilee,Ike,Uh-uh. [doffs the hat and pigtails and hops to the window. He sees Kyle and Kenny walk to Meshuggeneh Hall]
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"Meshuggeneh Hall, the camp lodge, but inside it looks like a lecture hall. The banner outside says, ""Jew Scouts Meeting Hall"""
Jewbilee,Elder,"And that's how we'll be making tonight's craft. And so you see, Scouts, all you need is a bar of soap and a dull knife [displays them], and you can make nifty soap sculptures like these. Here's a giraffe. [displays it] And here's a cloud. [displays it] You can all pick up your bars of soap later on, as we will all be making soap sculptures tonight. [Kyle and Kenny enter and take their seats] Now, this year we are pleased to announce that Jewbilee has grown to over one hundred Jew Scouts from all around the country. All new inductees, raise your hands. [several of them raise their hands. None of them wear the Jew Scout cap yet.]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"That's you, Kenny. Raise your hand. [Kenny does so. The elder spots the new Scouts, but returns to an odd prospect]"
Jewbilee,Elder,"Uhhhh, yess, and what is your name, young man?"
Jewbilee,Inductee,Junichi.
Jewbilee,Elder,"O-oh, wonderful, uh, uh, um... [places his index finger on his lower lip] Cu-could you run out and grab some... some of those candles for us? [Junichi leaves, and the attendant locks the door immediately] There we go. Ahem. [Kyle notices the injustice that has just been done] Now, I would like all the new inductees to step forward, please. [the new Scouts leave their seats and come up]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"This part kinda sucks, Kenny, but don't screw it up. [Kenny moves forward]"
Jewbilee,Elder,Raise your left hand and repeat after me: I pledge to be a Jew Scout.
Jewbilee,Inductees,I pledge to be a Jew Scout.
Jewbilee,Elder,"My honor, wide and true."
Jewbilee,Inductees,"My honor, wide and true."
Jewbilee,Elder,I am proud to be a Jew Scout.
Jewbilee,Inductees,I am proud to be a Jew Scout.
Jewbilee,Elder,"Otherwise, I'd just be a Jew."
Jewbilee,Inductees,"Otherwise, I'd just be a Jew."
Jewbilee,Elder,[brings forth a large bell] Nahit chaim.
Jewbilee,Inductee 1,"Nahit chaim. [the elder lowers the bell over his head and strikes it once to produce a long, loud peal, then raises it. The boy walks off]"
Jewbilee,Elder,Nahit chaim.
Jewbilee,Inductee 2,"Nahit chaim. [the elder lowers the bell over his head, strikes it, and raises it. The boy stumbles away crying]"
Jewbilee,Elder,Nahit chaim.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Nahit chaim.) [the elder lowers the bell over his head, strikes it, but Kenny ducks] (Ha! Hiheh haha.) [the elder lowers it again and strikes it several times to make sure] (Hah! Oh my God!)"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Squirt's Lair. Macaroni projects now due
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Okay, Squirts, let's see what you made macaroni pictures of. Ishmael?"
Jewbilee,Ishmael,Apple.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,Good. Matthew?
Jewbilee,Matthew,Cat.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,Joseph?
Jewbilee,Joseph,Triangle.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,Okay. Ike?
Jewbilee,Ike,Cokeshen.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"[gasps] ...You don't make a macaroni picture of the Last Supper at a Jewish camp! [growling and other noises are heard] What the geez? [outside, a bear is searching through trashcans. The leader goes to the window] Oh my God, it's that bear they've been talking about! [the bear looks back, then jumps and runs away, leaving the trashcans strewn about and trash everywhere. The leader walks out with the Squirts] Where did it go?! Squirts, go grab your gear! We're gonna hunt us a bear! Then I'll get my chutzpah badge for sure!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Chamber of Elders. Meanwhile...
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Elehem hav dorim, ashoseveh laoleinu. Hakadosh boruku, omasheh hachreit. (Tonight, for the meteor shower, we will pray to Moses. Then we will give Moses thanks.)"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"[losing patience] Oh, enough already. What has Moses ever done for us?"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,All sects of Judaism follow the words of Moses.
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Not mine. Tonight's meteor shower is a sign of the New Time, heh. We should use it to pray to Haman and enter into a new millennium faith, and it--"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Enough, elder! You will not speak the name of Haman here!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"All you ever do is worship Moses, but it says in the Book of Centuries that Haman will one day lead the Jews."
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,"We pray to Moses here, elder."
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"If you guys love Moses so much, why don't you marry him?!"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"We accept all denominations of Judaism here at Scouts, elder, but your synagogue of anti-Semites is too strange! Get out and do not return: you are no longer welcome here!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Fine! [goes to the door and turns] Jewbilee is the time of Haman! You will all see how wrong you are, very soon! When Haman returns from the Ninth Tower of Disillusionment, and smotes Moses and all his followers into pillars of dust that would cry for their petty lives but can't, having recently been turned into dust and all, you will see! You will see this very night! [walks out and closes the door.]"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,Hello.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Campfire. The Jew Scouts form a ring around it and sit. Kyle and Kenny stand behind the chief elder.
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Come on, Kenny. You have to get in the circle."
Jewbilee,Kenny,(What the fuck are we doing?)
Jewbilee,Kyle,This is where we all stand in a circle and pray to Moses for guidance during Jewbilee.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Uheheheheh, that's stupid.)"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"It is not stupid, Kenny! This is my faith and you shouldn't make fun of it!"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Alright, Jew Scouts, the meteor shower will start soon. Let's pray to Moses for guidance. [spreads his arms out. All the Scouts close their eyes save Kenny, who looks around first, then closes them.] Moses, great leader, on this blessed night of Jewbilee, we ask for your tutelage."
Jewbilee,Scouts,May the teachings of Moses fill our ears and our hearts respectively.
Jewbilee,All,"[the elder first, then the Scouts join him one by one] O..."
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"[behind a nearby tree] Stupid assholes. Moses ain't gonna teach them anything! [softens to pray] Do not fear, Haman. This night shall be yours, and the anti-Semitic Jews will once again rule the Earth."
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The Squirts and their leader march through the woods...
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"We are Squirts, we are Squirts; we're so kosher that it hurtsWhen we get older we'll be Scouts, but until then we are Squirts[gasps. The brown bear is in front of him approaching a pile of crap] There he is, Squirts. [the bear turns up its snout, but sniffs again] Okay, Squirts. Remember the plan: immobilize and attack. Matthew, y-you immobilize the bear with the net, then Echo team, run up and attack it with your Squirt knives. [the bear sniffs some more] Don't get too close now, just close enough to throw the net on the stupid bear. [Matthew goes forward with the net. The leader and the other Squirts hide behind some bushes and watch. The leader then barks] Now! [the bear turns to see Matthew and growls, and Matthew throws the net on himself]"
Jewbilee,Matthew,"Oh, funt. [the bear takes the net and carries Matthew away] No!"
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Oh, no! [the bear disappears] Oh, God! [comes out of the bush with the Squirts] Oh, the bear took a Squirt. Oh, I'm gonna get it now!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"Back at the campfire, the Scouts are trying to summon Moses"
Jewbilee,All,[long note] O... [the Scouts are now holding hands as they chant]
Jewbilee,Kenny,[notices some rumbling] (What's happening now?)
Jewbilee,Kyle,"[looks at him] Shh. Shut up, Kenny. [rejoins the rest in chanting, the fire builds, and a huge techno-colored dreidel rises out of the fire. A face appears on it]"
Jewbilee,Kenny,(What the fuck is that?!)
Jewbilee,Kyle,"[stops long enough to say] That's Moses, stupid! [rejoins the rest in chanting]"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Great Moses, we, your most loyal followers, want to thank you a lot for coming."
Jewbilee,Moses,The hour of Jewbilee is near. Let all debts be forgiven and all slaves freed. Mwaaaaaaaaaah!
Jewbilee,All,Aaaaaaaaaah!
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Alright Scouts, let's all show Moses our soap sculptures so that he may rejoice and be pleased. [the Scouts approach Moses one by one, offer their sculptures, and drop them off before him]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"[steps up and offers his] It's a duck. [Kenny steps up, but he's just starting on his sculpture]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Behind the tree. Garth reads from the Book of Centuries
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"""And it was foretold that the spirit of Moses would finally rest when his spirit was imprisoned by Haman in a conch shell of blind faith."" Conch shell, like this one, hnee. [produces one from his robes]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Campfire.
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Moses, the Squirts have made you tidings of macaroni pictures. They should be here any second. [walks up to Elder Harris] Where the hell are the Squirts? [Elder Harris shrugs] We need those macaroni pictures for Moses right now!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The woods. The Squirt leader is setting a trap for the bear. He places some bait on a tray swinging from a rope as the Squirts hold the rope steady from behind a bush. Then he pours some DED RAT grains onto the bait
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Now, we'll just see how Mr. Bear likes rat poison. [reviews his work] Well now, that'll be enough to kill a stupid bear. Okay, raise the tray! [the Squirts start heaving] Chutzpah badge, here I come. [the bear shows up and growls] Yikes! [runs for the bushes and reaches the Squirts] Okay, here he comes. Easy now. Easy, Squirts. [the bear comes closer, sniffing] Okay, Squirt, lower the tray. [the Squirt begins to lower it] That's it. That's it, you god-damned stupid bearface! [the bear rears up and pounces on the tray, jerking the rope.]"
Jewbilee,Squirt,Agghhh! [the leader gasps. The Squirt is pulled into the air and lands in the tray] Ah--! [the bear carries him off] Agghhh!
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Jesus! Hell, he got another Squirt!"
Jewbilee,Ike,Mommy.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"[steps out of the bush with the Squirts] You think you can stop me from getting my chutzpah badge, you stupid bear?! Think again!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"Campfire. The Scouts now sing ""Kumbaya,"" a spiritual"
Jewbilee,All,"Kumbaya, my Lord, KumbayaO Lord, Kumbaya"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Great and honorable Moses, what do you desire from us, your children?"
Jewbilee,Moses,I desire... [the elders and the Scouts await anxiously] I desire... macaroni pictures.
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Yeh yes, yes, the macaroni pictures are coming right away. Uh, anything else you want from us, O great leader of the people?"
Jewbilee,Moses,I desire... popcorn necklaces.
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"You heard him. Get to making popcorn necklaces right away! [the elders and Scouts scatter] All you need is some popcorn, and a needle and thread. [Kenny finishes his sculpture, which is of himself, as the last few Scouts leave. He then offers it and leaves it on the pile]"
Jewbilee,Moses,Hold! [Kenny stops in his tracks as Kyle looks on. Kenny looks at Moses] There is... an impurity.
Jewbilee,Garth,"[still behind the tree] Oh no, he's on to me, Haman."
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"[the Scouts gasp and Kenny droops] An impurity, Moses?"
Jewbilee,Moses,This child here is not kosher.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Uh-oh.) [Garth looks, curious. Kyle rushes to Kenny's side, and the Scouts move in on them] (Help me, Kyle! What are we gonna do?)"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Don't worry. I know what to do.
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Scout Broflovski, have you defiled Jew Scouts by bringing a non-Hebrew to Jewbilee?! [the Scouts grow angry]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Elder, It's not my fault. He told me he was Jewish."
Jewbilee,Kenny,(What?!) [the Elders and Scouts approach Kyle and Kenny closer]
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Campfire. Some time later...
Jewbilee,Chief elder,A non-Jew has infiltrated Jew Scouts and looked upon the face of Moses! He must be dealt with!
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(I'm telling you, it's Kyle you want. He's the one who tried to get me in here, and you know it.)"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,You are banished from here. You must leave before the great eating of carrot cake.
Jewbilee,Kenny,(What?!)
Jewbilee,Kyle,He doesn't get cake?
Jewbilee,Moses,No cake for the impurity.
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Go now. You do not belong here. [points to the woods. Kenny comes out of the middle of the group and walks towards the woods. Kyle is sad for him. Kenny looks back, then faces forward and walks on]"
Jewbilee,Moses,[spins around and around] Aaggghhh! [the others turn to see what's happening]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"[prostrated, with conch in hand] Infatu camdavid. David hakum ba'ikan shtud!"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Elder, what are you doing?!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,[now standing with hands outstretched] Shtud balaa shtud inca inca brusht!
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,He's reading from the Book of Haman!
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Enter the conch shell, Moses! [thrusts the shell forward]"
Jewbilee,Moses,[spins and shrinks to fit in the shell] Eo! Eh! Diu! [disappears into the shell]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"And there you shall stay, trapped for all eternity!"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"Elder, what have you done?"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"I told you, the meteor shower is the time of Haman! I am running Jewbilee now!"
Jewbilee,Elder,"[from Orientation] Release Moses, now!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,[pulls out a gun] I don't think so. [all gasp]
Jewbilee,Scout,When do we get to eat carrot cake?
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Now... All of you into that building, or I shoot you where you stand!"
Jewbilee,Chief Elder,"Elder, you cannot mean--"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Move! [drives them towards the building. Kenny peeks out from behind a tree. Garth follows the last of the Scouts to the door, closes it, and padlocks it. He descends the steps and heads for the campfire as the others look on through the window, frightened] Now! Now, Haman, your time has come!"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Dude, what the hell is going on?!"
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"If he summons Haman, we will all be destroyed."
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Oh no!)
Jewbilee,Scene Description,Woods. The Squirts still march
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"We are Jew Squirts, we know JewishStick stick smiley smiley Stick stick smiley smileydur dur dur dur dur--Hold it, Squirts! This is where we'll set our trap. Everyone remember your squadron. Alpha-5 and Gamma-7 will be on recon teams. Alpha will take left flank and flush the bear out of sector three. Once we're in position, I want constant contact between all squad leaders. We'll flush him out and we'll attack him! [the bear comes up silently and snatches another Squirt]"
Jewbilee,Squirt,Agh! Agghh! [the bear rushes away]
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"[not missing a beat] Remember, this is only a bear. All we have to do is stick together, and we can spend the rest of the night making bear sandwiches! [turns and counts his troop] Where's Zigmal?"
Jewbilee,Ike,No.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"God-damnit! You stupid god-damned son of a bear, you've taken your last Squirt! Do you hear me?!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"Campfire. Elder Garth is kneeling before it, summoning Haman."
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,And the Ancient One looked upon Haman as the new leader of the people! [clouds roll in and the winds whip Elder Garth's hair around] And it was the night that stars flew around the sky! [the meteor shower goes by] Yes! Yess!!
Jewbilee,Chief elder,"If he summons Haman, it will be the end of everything we hold dear."
Jewbilee,Scout,I wanna go home.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"The road. Kenny walks along the curb, then sees reflections of headlights in front of him. He turns to see a car coming and tries to stop it"
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Stop!) [a red car speeds by. Kenny watches it leave, then hears more vehicles coming] (Officer Barbrady, I really need to talk to you!) [Barbrady and the ATF speed by as well] (Shit!)"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The woods. The Squirt leader takes the Squirts back to camp.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"That bear thinks he can outsmart me! Well, I'm not gonna let a stupid bear get the-- [gasp] Hold! Look over there! [a figure resembling a Squirt stands alone in a clearing in front of a cliff] It's one of the Squirts the bear took. Maybe he's okay. [takes the Squirts over to the figure to make sure. They arrive, only to see a straw Squirt - straw dressed in a Squirt uniform. The Squirt leader looks at the straw Squirt long and hard before deciding] It's a trap!! [jumps out of the way as a net descends and traps the rest of the Squirts. The full net rises to a high branch; the bear comes to the edge of the cliff and carries it away] Damn! Damn, damn, damn! Okay, bear, that does it! You wanna kill all the Squirts?! You can have 'em! I give up! I don't need my chutzpah badge, or Jew Scouts, or any of this crap! Forget it!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The campfire. The meteor shower continues
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Let the New Tide turn! Let Haman rule his people once again!
Jewbilee,Chief elder,No! [Kenny walks into the camp again]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"We await your return, Haman! [Kenny stops to see Elder Garth at work] Your passage is safe from the enemies!"
Jewbilee,Kenny,[the bear finds him and carries him off] (Aghh!)
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"The building. The chief elder tries to burst through the door, but fails"
Jewbilee,Chief Elder,It's hopeless.
Jewbilee,Elder,"Haman will be summoned and we will be forced to obey him, or die. [the Scouts are scared]"
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,Uh I'm fine with obeying.
Jewbilee,Elder,"Yeah, obeying should work out swell. [!]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Don't worry, you guys. He forgot about Kenny. Kenny will help us."
Jewbilee,Elder 2,How?
Jewbilee,Kyle,Kenny will find a way.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The bear cave. The bear brings Kenny in.
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Haaarrrrrh!) [the bear drops him off and leaves the cave] (Huh?)
Jewbilee,Squirt,"Hey, welcome to the party. [Kenny studies the scene] See this li'l bear cub? It's his birthday."
Jewbilee,Squirt 2,"Yeah, so his mommy brought us all over to play with him."
Jewbilee,Bear cub,Mrar.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Aww.) [the momma bear comes and licks a Squirt's face, and the Squirt laughs] (Okay, you guys, we've gotta get back to the camp and... [indistinct chatter])"
Jewbilee,Squirt,They are? Uh oh.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Come on, Squirts, we gotta run! We're already god-damned late!)"
Jewbilee,Squirt,"Come on, Squirts. We have to help them."
Jewbilee,All,"Yeah! [everyone, including the cub, races out of the cave]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The camp. The Squirt leader returns alone
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Elder Schwartz, I lost the Squirts! I lost all the Squirts! [no answer] Well, screw you too! I don't need your Chutzpah badge anyway! Hello? [in the building behind him, heads rise from under the window sill]"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,"[the chief elder] Shlomo, get us out of here!"
Jewbilee,Shlomo,[Squirt leader] What the geez? [turns and walked towards the hostages] What are you guys doing in there?
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,Get the keys and unlock the door! [the Scouts jump up and down]
Jewbilee,Schlomo,What?!
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,[now points] Get the keys and unlock the door!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,"[doesn't understand what Schwartz is saying, but gives his own news] I lost the Squirts! [Elder Garth appears behind him]"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,Look out!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,Huh? [turns to face Garth]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Don't move!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,"[backs up quick] Oh, Jiminy gravy, what is this??"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"It's the summoning of Haman, fool! The awakening of a new kingdom, heeheh!"
Jewbilee,Schlomo,You can't wake Haman. What would Moses say?
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Moses is trapped for all eternity in the conch of blind faith!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,"[sees the shell and dives for it] Oh, no you don't! [grabs it, but Farth shoots him. The bullet grazes Schlomo's right shoulder, which he then covers with his left hand, dropping the shell] Ooowww!!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Enough of this waste of time! [turns and goes back to the campfire. Once there, he reaches for the Book of Haman] Haman! The Great Summoning is done! Upon these words let your spirit come! Einich! Hos!"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,It is lost.
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Zayak. Kareem! [Kenny comes up behind him]
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Woohoo!) [takes off with the book]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Hey, give that back! [chases Kenny into the woods. The Squirts line up before the window where the hostages await]"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,It's the Squirts.
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Go, Ike!"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,"Unlock the door, Squirts! The keys are up there."
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,They'll never reach.
Jewbilee,Squirt,"Squirts, fall in. Chinese formation. [the Squirts hurry and climb up one on top of another to form a human pillar]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The woods. Elder Garth catches up to Kenny
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Give me that book! [knocks Kenny down]
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Ow!) [gives up the book, and Garth kicks him]"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Haman will deal with you! [kicks him again]
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Ow!)
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"The camp. The Squirts have finished the pillar, with Ike at the very top. Ike gets the key and the pillar falls apart to form two rows of four Squirts each, and Ike alone at the top of the steps. He jumps up to the padlock and unlocks it. He then removes the lock. The door opens and everyone inside pours out. Elder Harris moves out into the open"
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,"Oh, no. It's too late!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Ramek shtud! [lightning strikes the ground. Nearby, the bear returns and gets the conch shell. She moves away, only to take it to Kenny, who receives it. The bear growls and leaves. Meteors continue to shower down as a black cloud with a pair of red eyes appears among the gathering clouds]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,What is that?
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,It is Haman.
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Yes! Yes! [Kenny tries to break the conch shell open on a rock, then against the tree, but it doesn't break]"
Jewbilee,Haman,Free! Free to punish those that imprisoned me!
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"[now prostrate before Haman] Haman! It's me, Garth! I freed you!"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Look! [Kenny comes into the clearing and throws the shell against the snow several times.]
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(It's okay, I'll use my head!) [faces the shell and throws his head back]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Kenny! Noooooo!
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Heeeeeyah! Ugh--!) [the headbutt opened the shell alright, but Kenny falls back on his side as Moses comes out of the broken shell]"
Jewbilee,Haman,Moses! Nooo!
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Nooo! Eheh. Nooo! [Moses rises into the sky, absorbs Haman, and reclaims his place above the campfire. Elder Garth turns to face him again] Moses. Uh I, I apologize for any inconvenience, eheh. Uh yuh you see, I was just uh--"
Jewbilee,Moses,Die! [lightning comes out of both his eyes and nukes Garth until Garth explodes]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,No! Aaagghhh! Ooww..! [poof]
Jewbilee,All,[gathering] Hooray!
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Kenny! [runs to Kenny, who now lies in a pool of blood. The others follow]"
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,That blow to his head must have killed him.
Jewbilee,Elder Carn,He saved us. He saved all the Jews.
Jewbilee,Kyle,"You know, I think we all learned something today. It's fine to have your own beliefs and your own traditions, but as soon as you start excluding people from your ways, only because of their race, you become separatists. And being a separatist sucks ass."
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,"We've learned a lot from you and your great friend, Kenny."
Jewbilee,Moses,[joins them next to Kenny] Every year we shall gather here in this special place and bring Kenny tidings of soap sculptures and macaroni pictures.
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,Yes.
Jewbilee,Moses,And those little shaker things where... you put beans inside of paper plates that are glued together.
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,Paper-plate bean shakers.
Jewbilee,Moses,And let us put patterns of glue on the outside of those paper plates so we can then pour glitter on them so they can look nice and sparkly.
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,"You heard him, Scouts! Let's get to work!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"A bustling scene on a dock. A large lake is behind the dock, a stage is off to the left, and the whole place is being dressed for Halloween. Beyond the lake, a lighthouse looks over the scene. At center is a booth for a radio station. The camera moves in"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"[with classic 1970's big hair] We're here live at the KOZY 102.1 Halloween Haunt at the South Park docks! Come on down! We've got a haunted house [Chef finished pinning a banner on the top right corner of the stage] and everyone is decorating for tomorrow night, [one man pins a rubber bat to a shack roof, another walks past with a jack-o-lantern] HALLOWEEN, when the band KoRn, that's right, KoRn, is going to play live! And don't forget to wear a costume tomorrow, because there's a big first prize! Why, here's some kids enjoying the Halloween Haunt now! [Kenny, Kyle, and Stan walk past, but turn to face the DJ] Say boys, what do you think of KOZY-FM's Halloween Haunt so far? [lowers the boom mic to Stan]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"This one time, like eight months ago, I saw two guys kissing in a park. And that was the gayest thing I'd ever seen, until I saw the KOZY-FM Halloween Haunt. [turns and walks away with Kyle and Kenny]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Uh-hall right! Well, enjoy the spooky docks, kids."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Further down the dock. The boys keep walking, and Cartman runs up to meet them"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Hey you guys! [they stop] You know what time of year it is?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Of course, dumbass, it's Halloween."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"That's right, and that means only two more months till Christmas! You'd better watch out, you'd better not cry—"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Christmas?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,—Christmastime is presents for me.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"On another part of the dock, Jimbo and Ned leave a ticket booth"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jimbo,"Aw, nuts! Come on, Ned, this ain't no whore house, it's a hor-ROR house."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Guests in line,Awwww! [all leave. The boys walk by]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Eeyyy [Kyle stops, the others walk away], Spooky Laboratory, you guys. [""THIS WAY TO SPOOKY LABORATORY"" The entrance doors are stained with blood]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[annoyed] Those things are stupid, Cartman. They just stick your hand in cold spaghetti and tell you it's intestines and stuff."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Well, I'm going to Spooky Laboratory! [throws open the doors and enters] Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Guide,"Welcome to Spooky Laboratory. [pulls out a blindfold and puts it over Cartman's eyes] I'm your guide, Dr. Spookalot. Allow me to show around the lab. [leads him to a table on which is a bowl of eggs and a bowl of lime Jell-o cubes]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Cool!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Dr. Spookalot,[helps him up to a chair] Here I have a bowl of human eyeballs.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[rolls his fingers around the eggs] Ewww-hoohooo.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Dr. Spookalot,[switches bowls] And here you can feel the brains.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[rolls his fingers through the lime Jell-o cubes] Oh-HO, grohoss."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Dr. Spookalot,[leads him to an ass] And here you can feel the warm innards of the body [Cartman reaches into the ass's ass and the ass looks surprised]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Eewww, it feels like cold spaghetti! You guys, it feels like cold spaghetti!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk past a shack on which hangs a banner: ""COSTUME CONTEST TOMORROW"""
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(You guys, I'm gonna try and win that costume contest!)"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[two older boys peek out from behind some boxes, then drop down] Give it up, Kenny! You're not gonna win that costume contest! Your costumes always suck. [the boy with his picture on the shirt pops out and faces them]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,BOO!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Aaaaah! [they turn and run around in circles]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,"Ha ha ha ha ha! We scared you, chickens!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,W-we weren't scared!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,"Oh no? Well, you should be! [walks towards them] The pirate ghosts are gonna come getcha!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,The what?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,Didn't you know? There's an old legend in South Park that says these docks are haunted by pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Nuh-uh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,Yuh-huh. They roam these docks with their swords and hook-hands [molds his left hand into a hook] looking for victims tuh... [swipes it through the air] cut up!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,[Kyle gasps] (Hoh!)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,That's just an old legend.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghost cutout,[pops up] Rar!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Aaaaah! [they turn and run around in circles]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,"[the cutout drops to reveal another friend] Ha ha ha ha, gotcha again, heh ha ha! [both his friends flank him now] Just wait till tomorrow! We're gonna scare you kids to death! Ha ha ha haa! [the three move away]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[arrives] You guys, my hand totally smells like spaghetti now. Smell it. [starts sniffing it]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,I'm sick of those fifth graders scaring us all the time! We should come up with a way to scare them!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Yeah! Let's see how they like it!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The KOZY-FM booth. The DJ is joined by the town's priest
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Joining me now is Father Maxi, from the South Park Church. Father, what do you think of all the preparations here at the docks?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,Halloween is an abomination of God! A celebration of the occult-eh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Yeah, and how about KoRn playing the big concert tomorrow? Pretty exciting, huh?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"KoRn is a devil-worshiping group that plays violent music! If we allow that demon band to play on this most unholy of holidays, we may incur the full wrath of evil!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Alriight, we'll see you tomorrow for Halloween! In the meantime [suddenly soft] here's a KOZY hit by Barry Manilow."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The lake. The boys are still on the docks...
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Come on, you guys, think! How can we scare the fifth graders? It has to be something reeaally scary."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"We could get a big scary plastic spider, and dangle it in front of them on a string... s- spooky spider, that's pretty scary."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"That's not scary, fatass!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Well, come on! We can think of something better than stupid pirate ghosts! [all turn left and walk off. As they walk towards the shore, they pass a shack. After they pass, three pirate ghosts peek out from behind the shack, scowling]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghosts,Darrrr!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The woods. A van rumbles down a road. On the side it reads, ""KoRn."" Several men inside it talk"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Are you sure we're goin' the right way?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,I don't know. This map doesn't make any sense.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,"That's because you've got it upside down, chowderhead! [canned laughter]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,[spins the map around and realizes his error] Oops.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,When are we gonna get to the gig? I'm starving.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Don't think about it. We'll just keep playing our game. Ready? I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter T!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,I know! A t-ree!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,You've got it. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter R.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,A road?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"That's it! [they pass the South Park Docks sign, and then the three pirate ghosts show up to watch]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirates,Darrrr!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,further down the road...
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Okay, here's one. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter P."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,The letter P?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,What the heck starts with the letter P?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,[trembling] Puh-pirate ghosts! [the ghosts appear in front of the van]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,"Aaaaah! [the van swerves left to avoid the ghosts, but ends up going over a hillside. It finally settles upside down at the foot of the hill]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The Cartman house. Cartman walks towards the sofa with a catalog in hand
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Mom! You got the new Duffy's catalog! I-I'm gonna circle everything I want for Christmas, okay? Mom? Okay? O-kay [sits on the sofa], let's see. [softly] I waant... thiis... aand... this... [a truck] and... [flips the page] let's see, comes with so... [the Phillip doll. The doorbell rings] ...comes with two bars [circles the boxed doll], so there we go, have that... [a door opens in the background] and, let's see..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"[walks up to him] Eric, your little friends are here."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[excited, motions with the catalog] Mom, mom! You wanna see what I want for Christmas?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"E-heric, it's only Halloween."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,That's only 72 shopping days left for you!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[walks up with Kyle and Kenny] Come on, fatass, we have to go!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Ey! Don't call me fat! [Liane starts to giggle. Cartman is hurt] Mom, don't laugh."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"I'm sorry, hon,"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[to his friends] I can't go with you guys right now.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Yes you can, porky. [Liane giggles again]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Mom, seriously! [her giggles die down]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"Oh, that's not funny, boys. Eric isn't fat, he's big-boned."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"He must have a huge bone in his ass, then. [Liane bursts out laughing]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"God-damnit, mom!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Outside, night. The boys head out and away"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[closes the door] God, I hate you guys!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay, so we figured out how to scare the fifth graders."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,How?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,What's the scariest thing we could get?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[quietly] Spooky spider?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"No! [turns, then says gravely] A dead body."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, a dead body."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"You mean, we make something that looks like a dead body?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"We could never make one that looks real enough. [his voice lowers] To be really scary, it would have to be real."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, it has to be real to be scary!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,So where the hell are we going to get a dead body?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,[voice low] We're gonna dig up Kyle's dead grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, we're gonna dig up- [stops] Dig up Kyle's dead grandma??"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[appeasing] Dude, she's perfect. She only died, like, three months ago, right?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Are you insane?!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,U-hi think that's a sweet idea!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Dude! We're not digging up my grandma; I'll get in trouble.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"All we have to do is sneak in the graveyard, dig her up, scare the fifth graders, then put her back before anyone notices she's gone,"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[uneasy] Naww, let's dig up somebody else."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Relax, dude. What's the big deal? Think about it: if your grandma knew that she could help you, even in death, she would want to."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,This is gonna be fun!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The graveyard. Spooky music and a howling wolf punctuate the foggy atmosphere as a full moon rises. Kyle leads the way with a flashlight. Cartman is singing
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Just hear those sleigh bells jingle-in', ring ting tingle-in' tooOutside it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you, and you, and you."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Cartman, will you stop singing Christmas carols? We have to be quiet, or else we're gonna get busted!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[shines his light on a tombstone] This must be it. ""Cleo Broflovski"" That's my grandma. [turns off the light. The boys have a moment of silence]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Well, let's dig 'er up! [walks to the grave and jabs his shovel in]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Wait. I don't know if this is cool.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Of course it's cool! She's gonna be all rotted and scary!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,I don't think my mom would want me doin' this.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[taunting] ""Ooh, I don't wanna dig up my dead grandma 'cause I'm such a goody-two-shoes!"" [Kyle smacks him with the shovel] Ow."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"You guys be quiet! Now, do you wanna get back at the fifth graders or not?!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"I don't really care, dude."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Yes you do! Now, dig! [all four begin to dig]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling, ""You-hoo""..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Later. The casket is now vertical, leaning against the tombstone"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay. It's almost open. Ready? One, two, three! [they pry the door open, and then jump back and peer in] Whoa, dude."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Oh, my God. [the corpse sways to the right, against the casket wall] Hi, ...Grandma."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,A voice,"Hi, Kyle."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,[hops back] Aaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[providing the voice] Have you been a good boy, Kyle? Have you been making Grandma proud?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Damnit, Cartman, that's not funny!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[chuckling] Eheh, yes, it ihis, heh."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Heh heh, I'm sweet."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Alright, alright, let's get this over with so we can put her back!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay, grab the sled. [Kenny goes and pulls it up. The others stand aside. When the sled abuts the casket, Cartman pulls at the corpse with his shovel, and it falls forward onto the sled]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The docks. A dog is sniffing at the boards, then raises his head. He growls and runs off stage left. The boys come in from the other side pulling the corpse, and Cartman sings"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Silver Bells, Silver Bells, it's Christmas time in the city..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay. Let's just hide her here, and tomorrow, during the Halloween party, we'll come back in our costumes and use her to scare the fifth graders."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,How exactly are we gonna use her to scare them?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"We could shove a stick up her ass and use her like a puppet: ""Rowr, rowr, I'm scary Grandma!"""
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Alright, that does it, Cartman! That's my grandma! You show her some God-damned respect!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Male voice,[off screen] O-o-o-o-oh. [thunderclaps. The boys are afraid.]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Who was that?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Cartman?!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,It wasn't me! [camera pans to the corpse]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Male voice,Who-o-oa.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Dude, not cool. This is scary. [Some rustling, and a member of KoRn shows up]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,The Boys,Wa-a-a-ah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"Hey! Like, it's just some kids."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Oh, fwooh, I was really scared there, for a second."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Hay, you're that band KoRn."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Yeah. I'm Jonathan [with the high forehead], and this is Munky [with chiseled looks], David [with thick eyebrows], Fieldy [short, with white cap], and Head [with dreadlocks]. And over there is our pal, Nibblet. [the mates look around] Hey, where'd Nibblet go?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,"[a yellow bird with curled antennae and a great wing span ripping into a bag of chips] Uh-huh, Nibblet likes potato chips."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,Nibblet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,[stops] Okay.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,What are you guys doing out here?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,We were just driving our van when all of a sudden we were run off the road by some super-spooky pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Aw, dude, that was just the fifth graders."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Yeah. They're tryin' to scare everybody 'cause they're gay wads.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Don't worry. We're about to go get 'em back.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Oh, swell. We're supposed to play here tomorrow. Do you know where the stage is?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[points to it] Yeah, dude. It's right over there."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,"O-kay! [they walk away and pass by the priest, who is nailing a post into place: ""Halloween is Anti-God."" He stops.]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Oh, hi. We're KoRn. We're supposed to play the Halloween concert tomorrow."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,I know who you are and what you stand for! I think your music and Halloween is an abomination!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Groovy! Could you show us where to set up?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The boys walk a little further, and Cartman pulls the sled over to one side of a stack of boxes"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Alright, let's just set her over here behind these boxes. [Cartman hides the body behind the boxes]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Shouldn't we hide her better than that?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Kyle, will you stop worrying? God! Now, we'll all be back here tomorrow with our costumes, and then, when the Halloween party gets going, we'll bust out dead Grandma! Let's go! [they start walking away]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Wait till you guys see my costume! It's gonna be sweet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,(Mine is so fuckin' badass it's gotta win now!)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Oh, come on, Kenny! You never have a sweet costume! You're not gonna win the costume contest!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(Yes I am! I've got the costume; it's waiting in the house! Yesterday I got this huge package in the mail, and it was big, okay?) [The dog returns and sniffs the body from a distance. It approaches slowly, sniffing. Then it lifts the covering and drags the body away.]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The next day. Two uniformed men approach the Broflovski house. One of them rings the bell.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Hold on, kids. [grabs the candy bowl next to the door and opens the door with it in hand]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Mrs. Broflovski?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,Yes?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,We're from Mt. Peaceful Cemetery. Could we have a word with you?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Eehh, sure, come in. [they follow her in and sit on the sofa. She takes the armchair, and they look at each other] What is it?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Ms. Broflovski... somebody has defiled your mother's grave.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,Defiled? How?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"Well, I'm afraid that... somebody dug her up."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,Dug her up? Why??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Well. The- most likely reason is that... somebody wanted to have sex with her dead body.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,Yeahp.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,What?!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Uhuh, we don't want to upset you, but it happens. Somebody's probably making love to her corpse as we speak."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"Every vile position, every disrespectful act imaginable."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Hoh, dear God!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Yes. By now he's probably even removed her eyes and made love to the empty sockets as well.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,[sadly rubs her eyes] Oooh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"No-, we don't want to upset you, but you should know that your mother's body would be stiff and dry, so he would have to have it soaked in warm water for several hours before making love to it."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,[helplessly] O-o-o-o-oh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Yes. And, now for the difficult part."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,Brace yourself.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"It is highly possible that he has created new orifices in her decomposing flesh, leaving her to look something like — an overloved hunk of Swiss cheese. She probably-"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Okay, okay! I get the point! Just tell me what you're gonna do about it!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,...Do?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"Oh, we don't do anything. We're just the watchmen."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Yeah, I guess, maybe, you might wanna call the police or something."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,O-o-ogh! [gets up and walks away. The men just sit there]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"[to the blond] Now, he probably would make love to the dead body in a cool dry place, so as not to allow further decomposition. [the blond indicates he's thinking by placing his index finger to his lips]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The Cartman house. A delivery man walks towards it with a package and rings the bell. Cartman answers
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Delivery Man,Package delivery for Mrs. Cartman?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"A package? Oh, really? Well, I think I can sign for that!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Delivery Man,"Sign heah, and heah, and heah. [Cartman signs and the delivery man goes away. Cartman closes the door and dances with glee]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"I got a Christmas present! I got a Christmas present! [stops] ...Maybe I can see what it is. I'll just open one little corner. [lifts up a corner of the wrapping] Let's see here. [yanks the wrapping off and away] That's good, I'll rewrap it later! [the box reads, ""LIFESIZED Blow-Up ANTONIO BANDERAS LOVE DOLL. WITH REALISTIC GENITALIA""] Oh, sweet! Life-sized blow-up Antonio Banderas love doll! With realistic geni-ta-lia. [takes the doll out] Oh, this kicks ass! What a cool Christmas present my mom got! [blows it up through the penis]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The lake. The docks are bustling again, and the DJ is in his booth"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"It's Halloween day, so come on down to the docks and bring your costumes! [a ghost and Ultraman walk by while a joker stands next to the boxes. Stan and Kyle are nearby in their costumes]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,[a cowboy sheriff in white] Where's Kenny? He said he had the best Halloween costume ever. [Kyle is a clown in a yellow jacket]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[walks up with the doll and jingles] Nyah nyahnyahnyah nyah nyah. Guess wha-at I got? Antonio Banderas blow-up doll. You guys didn't get one.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Where's your costume, fatass?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Screw Halloween, I already got my Christmas present! In a few days I'll wrap it back up, and then when I open it on Christmas, I'll act all, like, surprised, like ""Oh Mother, Antonio Banderas life-sized blow-up doll! What a surprise!"" [heavy machinery is heard, and the boys look up to see an ED-209 unit walking towards them. It stops, turns, and settles into place]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Hey, Kenny."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(Hey, guys. Uh, check out this kick-ass cool costume.)"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"U-huh, nice costume, Kenny. If you think you're gonna win with that, huh!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,[rushes his friends along] Alright. The fifth graders are gonna be here soon. Let's get Kyle's grandma! [Cartman goes for the sled] This is gonna be sweet
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[pulls out the sled, but the body is gone] Uuh, problem, guys."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,What's the problem?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Nno Grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,No Grandma??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Nno Grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,[turns and reaches the sled. Stan turns as well] She's not here!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,She has to be here! [Kenny meanders]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Well, she's not here! That's just great! Thanks a lot, Stan! You're gonna get me busted again!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"City Hall, outside. Officer Barbrady stands behind a podium addressing the crowd"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"Okay, people. I know we all want to get down to the docks for the Halloween Haunt, but first we just need to inform you about thee- people or persons out there digging up bodies to have sex with them. Gentlemen? [leaves. The watchmen step up]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A person who steals bodies to have sex with them is called a necrophiliac. So that you all know what to expect, my partner Alan has a sketch of what having sex with a dead body might look like. [Alan shows the sketch]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Ee-oooh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Yes, we know it's horrible. It's probably best you not look at it. Now, Alan will demonstrate what having sex with a dead body might sound like. [Alan pulls out a jar of mayonnaise and jams his fist into it, proceeding to simulate the act. He begins to look surprised at what he's doing as his arm gets covered with mayonnaise]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Awwwgh! [Alan continues]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,"Excuse me, how is this helping?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"That's it, folks. Now, we can all go to the docks and enjoy the Halloween Haunt."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate voice,"Noo! Don't go to the docks! [the camera looks up to see a pirate ghost floating outside the Mayor's office] Aarrrgh! [the crowd gasps and screams] Argh, I'm Captain Bly! You land-lubbers had better stay away from the docks! Or else, there'll be hell to pay! [the crowd is afraid. Women scream] Fire the cannon! [a pirate ship appears high above the road, and a cannon goes off. The ball lands amid the crowd and leaves a crater. Bodies are strewn all over] Har harharharhar! [the crowd disperses. A couple runs into another pirate ghost]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghost 2,Arrrgh! [slices their heads off with his sword]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Captain Bly,We won't warn ya again! Stay away from our docks! [the pirates and their ship disappear]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"[rushed to the podium] I warned you! I told you this would happen! [survivors sit up and begin to look his way] When you allow bands like KoRn to come to town and play your hedonistic Halloween concerts, this is what you get!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The docks. KoRn is practicing on stage.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Great rehearsal, gang. That was really groovy. Let's practice one more time before the show starts."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Aah, guys, I'm sorry, but the Halloween Haunt's been cancelled."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Cancelled?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"You best clear out of here! There's pirate ghosts, and they'll kill you. [leaves]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well gang, it looks like we have to pack it up."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,The Others,Awww. [Stan and friends walk towards the stage]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"God-damnit! Now, what the hell are we gonna do?!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"Oh, hey! The kids from last night."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,Wow! Is that the Antonio Banderas life-sized blow-up doll? [Kenny catches up with his friends]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Hey, Kenny."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"[frustrated] (Aw, man!) [he can't impress anyone]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Say, what's the matter? You kids look kind of glum."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Somebody took my dead grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,What?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"We dug her up 'cause we wanted to scare the fifth graders, but then, something took her body away."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Now she's doomed to walk the earth in limbo. [starts to sob]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"Aw, I hate to see little clowns cry."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well, that does it. Somethin' funny is going on here. Your missing grandma must be connected somehow to those creepy pirate ghosts."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"They're not pirate ghosts, Jonathan, they're ghost pirates."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Huh?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"""Pirate ghost"" would suggest that a pirate died, and became a ghost, but a ghost pirate is a ghost that later made a conscious decision to be a pirate."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"No, David. Then they are pirate ghosts, because they're the ghosts of pirates."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"You're wrong, because there were no pirates in Colorado. So these must be ghosts that have decided to become pirates after the fact."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,But that makes them pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,No. It makes them ghost pirates.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Pirate ghosts!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,Guys! Guys! Guys! Fighting isn't gonna solve anything. Don't you see? This is exactly what those ghost pirates want us to do.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Then, you'll help us?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Sure, we'll help you. If there's one thing we like more than playing music, it's solvin' a groovy mystery."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,The Boys,Al-right!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,City Hall. People are still laying on floor. Chef arrives
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,Is everybody okay?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,[people gather around Chef] People stealing bodies to have sex with them? Pirate ghosts destroying the town? When did everything go so wrong?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Gerald,"I hate to say it, but I think Priest Maxi was right. This is what we get for celebrating Halloween and allowing that band KoRn to come play."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mr. Garrison,He's right! Nothin' ever went wrong in this town before that evil KoRn band showed up.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sharon,"Well, I say we go find them and kick their devil-worshiping butts out of town!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Yeah! [various exclamations follow]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Randy,Lynch mob! [torches and pitch forks appear and the crowd begins to move]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Down with KoRn!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Halloween night, the docks. KoRn and the boys are still talking..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,So this is where you last saw your dead grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Right. [Kenny walks along the shore way in the background]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Maybe there really are pirate ghosts and they took her inside.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Alright, gang, we have to split up and look for clues."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,How should we split up?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"I know. Let's have everyone who enjoys having obstacles in their life, which they can overcome, go this way, [points to his right] and everyone whose insecurities sabotage their potential to overcome those obstacles go that way. [points to his left]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,"O-kay! [the groups separates in two. In the secure group are Stan, Kyle, Jonathan, Munky, and Fieldy. In the insecure group are Cartman, Kenny, David, and Head]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Wow! That was easy.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The lynch mob reaches the docks and head for the van. Randy reaches it first.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Randy,[excitedly] Here's their van! Here's their van!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Woman,Let's flip it over!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Some Folks,Yeah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"[moves to intervene] Okay, people, let's try to stay orderly. The best way to do this is, all get on one side and push it from the top. [the crowd moves in and starts pushing. Even Barbrady participates]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Devil worshipers! [the van tips over]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Yeah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man 2,"Come on, they gotta be around here somewhere!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,A warehouse. The secure group walks along with Nibblet. Munky is not with them.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,This place gives me the creeps.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Say, this looks like a clue. [picks up a book: ""Pirate Lore of South Park, By A.R.R. Robbins""] ""Pirate Lore of South Park."" Hmmm. Now, why would pirate ghosts need a book on pirates? [something metallic falls]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Whoa. What was that?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"The noise came from in here. Stay close, everybody! [opens a door and goes in. The rest follow]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"[runs into a supporting pole] Oh, no! I lost my glasses."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The insecure group walks in a darkened part of the warehouse. Munky is in that group now.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,What does this dead grandma look like?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Uh, she was all, like, crunchy and crispy and stuff."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Hey, I got an idea. [all stop] We should set a groovy trap."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Good idea.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,How do we trap a bunch of pirate ghosts?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"We need something that might catch their eye to use as bait. I know, your Antonio Banderas love doll."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[holds the doll tight] Oh, no! This is my Christmas present! If anything happens to it, my mom will know I opened it early!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"Come on, kid. We all have to do our part, even Antonio."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The lit side of the warehouse. Fieldy is still looking for his glasses
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"My glasses gotta be around here somewhere. [a peg-legged pirate ghost appears next to him] Is that you, Jonathan? Boy, I'm glad to see you. I lost my glasses."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Peg-leg,Raaarrrgh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"Hey, you got a cold, Jonathan?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Peg-leg,Raarraarrgh! [canned laughter]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"Yeah, that sounds like a groovy song, man! Remember that one! [more canned laughter]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"[from the other end of the room] Fieldy, what are you doing?!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"[turns to face him] Oh, I was talking to you, Jonathan. ...Hey, wait a minute. If you're over there, then how could you be over here? Unless you're actually a..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,Puh-puuhh pirate ghost! [all scatter]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Peg-leg,Raaarrrgh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The darkened part of the warehouse. The trap is set
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Okay. Here's how the trap will work. When the pirate ghosts walk in, they should go right for Antonio Banderas. [the camera now follows the trap as David describes it] When they hit the super-slippery floor, they'll slide onto this mining cart, which should travel down this path, into the next room, where the fish net will fall on them."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Wow, cool!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Hey! Somebody's coming. [everyone jumps back behind some boxes]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Secure Group,Aaaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,We've got to hide!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Hey, there's Antonio Banderas! He'll help us. [calls out] Mr. Banderas!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"[peeks up] Jonathan, no!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Secure group,[hits the slick] Aaaah! [the trap works exactly as David said it would]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,"Oh, no!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Secure group,Aaaah! [the cart hits the wall and stops. The insecure group rushes in]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Ow!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Hold on, guys! [the lynch mob, led by the watchmen, bursts through the doors and moves in on the group]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Alright, KoRn, time for you to get out of town! [the pirate ghosts appear]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghosts,Aarrrrgh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,[frightened] Aaaaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Randy,KoRn is sending their demon minions upon us!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,[shrieking] Aaaaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"[to his band mates] Alright, gang. Looks like we're gonna have to use our special KoRn powers. [the five members huddle and link hands to forearms] KoRn powers, vitalize! [starbursts abound as each member transforms]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Munky!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,David!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,Fieldy!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,Head!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Jonathan!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,"Form of... CORN! [final starbursts give way to various corn products: two corncobs, a tub of popcorn, a can of creamed corn, and one corn kernel. The tub of popcorn swells and spits out several popped kernels. The townsfolk just stare and the corn products stay still. The pirates are seen staring. Soon, the products revert to the band mates]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Alright! Great job, gang! [The townsfolk stare]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,That didn't help at all.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,We know. It's just cool to do.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghosts,Aarrrrgh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,"[floating up to release the net] Nibblet! [releases the net, and it lands on the pirate ghosts]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,[grateful] Nibblet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,What the hell is that thing??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"You did it, Nibblet! You trapped them!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"[approaches the net] Yeah. And now let's see who these pirate ghosts really are! [the ghosts disappear, and he throws his palms up] Oh, I guess they really were pirate ghosts."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"[approaches with gun drawn] Alright, KoRn, you can stop your demonic shenanigans and come downtown with me!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,"[notices some twine hanging from two trap doors on the ceiling] Hehey, look what Nibblet sees. [pulls on the twine, and the doors open. Priest Maxi falls to the ground]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,Whoa! [lands with a thud]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,What the...?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Father Maxi?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"[gets up] Well, what are you waiting for, Barbrady?! Arrest that band!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,Oh?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,No! Arrest him!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,Huh??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,I think I've got this groovy mystery solved!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,Outside. The mystery has apparently been explained. The priest is now under arrest
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,"Well, I must say I still don't get this at all."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"It's simple. Priest Maxi didn't want there to be a Halloween, so he decided to scare everyone away from the docks."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Yeah. And then he used this flashlight and some cotton swabs to create the ghosts. [shows the flashlight and swabs, then shines the light through the swabs. The pirate ghosts appear in the distance]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,[with some cheese and a cup] Then all he needed was some sound effects created by this cup and a piece of cheese. [holds them to his mouth and sounds] Aaaaraargh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"And all he had to do then was create a ghost ship, by using some candles, a mirror, and two squirrels. [genuflects to place the candle between the mirror and the squirrels. A pirate ship appears on the lake]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,"Father, why did you go to all this trouble?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"Because Halloween is an abomination of God. I would do anything to stop this wretched, unholy holiday!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,Including killing people and wreaking havoc all over South Park?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Don't you see that by trying to stop Halloween you've scared the hell out of everybody?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,No.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"Okay buddy, you can explain downtown! [takes the priest away]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Well, this is all fine and good, but it doesn't explain what happened to my mother's body!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah! Where's Grandma? [the dog walks in and begins regurgitating. First, the head comes out]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,Eeewww! [the rest of the body comes out]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,There she is!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,Oooh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Ho-hoh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,"Well thanks a lot, KoRn! You KoRn powers really came through for us!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sharon,Yes! We were wrong about you. Will you please play for our Halloween party?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well, sure. Why the heck not?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,All right! [the pirate cutout is hoisted up on two poles]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Voice,Raarrrr!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Oh, no! The pirate ghosts are back! [the cutout shakes and falls away, revealing Nibblet]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,Nibblet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,Uh oh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The stage on the docks. KoRn is preparing for their concert. The mob is spread out in front of the stage. Jonathan takes the mic.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well, this sure has been a wacky night, but me and the gang learned a lot, and we hope you did too. You all perceived us to be mean, evil people, but, really, we're just normal guys. And we all perceived pirate ghosts to be real when, actually, they were just cotton swabs. So I guess the lesson is: it's easy to perceive somethin' someway, and then be wrong. So we all need to learn to be a little less perceptive."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,[reflecting] Yeah.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"The gang and I wrote a song about it, and it goes goes a little somethin' like this:And a-one, and-a-two, and a [goes right into ""Falling Away From Me."" The strobe lights come on, and the crowd looks a little stunned. The fifth graders are at the very front of the crowd, and the body of Grandma Broflovski inches up to them]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Boo!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fifth Graders,Aaaah! [they run away]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,"Stan, Kyle","Sweet! [Nibblet floats up to the Antonio Banderas blow-up doll and punctures it. It deflates, alerting Cartman]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Antonio, no! [sees Nibblet and goes after it] You son of a bitch chicken from outer space... thing, come back here! [KoRn continues playing. At another part of the docks, Mr. Garrison holds court over the Halloween Costume Contest. Kenny is present]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mr. Garrison,"And the winner of the costume contest is [reads the name] Wendy, for her Chewbacca costume! Come on up, Wendy. [she rushes up and stands next to him]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,[droops] (Awww.)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"End of KORN's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery... Wait a minute! Dejected, Kenny walks away slowly from the crowd. A tiny snowspeeder flies by and wraps a cable around his costume's legs. He begins to stumble"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(What the hell? What the fuck is this?!) [two more speeders fly by and bomb him to bits, and rats converge on him.]"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Episode starts with Cartman watching TV and snacking on something. Kitty walks up.
Chinpokomon,Kitty,Reowr.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"No, Kitty, these are my spicy-hot Louisiana-baked Chicken Tenders!"
Chinpokomon,Kitty,Reowr.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"No, Kitty! [the TV screen shows a blond Ash-like figure surrounded by three little monsters]"
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","Someday, I will collect all the Chinpokomon, then I will fight the Evil Power that will reveal itself once all the Chinpokomon are collectable, [tilts his head to one side] oh?"
Chinpokomon,Kitty,Roar?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[affecting an anime look] No, Kitty, you can't have these chicken tenders, because they are mine, and I keep mine to myself, oh?"
Chinpokomon,Announcer,Be sure to tune in tomorrow for another inexplicable episode of... Chinpokomon.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,[exults] Hooray! [hops off the sofa and begins to walk away...]
Chinpokomon,Announcer,Hey kids! [Cartman turns to look at the TV] Do you love Chinpokomon?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Yes.
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Well, now you can buy your very own! [the little monsters begin to flash across the screen]"
Chinpokomon,Singer,"I got to buy ChinpokomonI got to buy it, I got to buy it! [six Chinpokomon appear]"
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"[more Chinpokomon appear...] Now you can collect them all. Furrycat, Donkeytron, Pengin, Shoe, Lambtor. Collect them all, and you can become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Royal Crown Chinpoko Master? Holy shit!
Chinpokomon,Announcer,All the Chinpokomon are in stores now.
Chinpokomon,Japanese Woman,"[dressed in business attire] Chinpokomon is soo-peh-rior rubbeh toy, Nuhmbah 1!"
