Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Stop!) [a red car speeds by. Kenny watches it leave, then hears more vehicles coming] (Officer Barbrady, I really need to talk to you!) [Barbrady and the ATF speed by as well] (Shit!)"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The woods. The Squirt leader takes the Squirts back to camp.
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"That bear thinks he can outsmart me! Well, I'm not gonna let a stupid bear get the-- [gasp] Hold! Look over there! [a figure resembling a Squirt stands alone in a clearing in front of a cliff] It's one of the Squirts the bear took. Maybe he's okay. [takes the Squirts over to the figure to make sure. They arrive, only to see a straw Squirt - straw dressed in a Squirt uniform. The Squirt leader looks at the straw Squirt long and hard before deciding] It's a trap!! [jumps out of the way as a net descends and traps the rest of the Squirts. The full net rises to a high branch; the bear comes to the edge of the cliff and carries it away] Damn! Damn, damn, damn! Okay, bear, that does it! You wanna kill all the Squirts?! You can have 'em! I give up! I don't need my chutzpah badge, or Jew Scouts, or any of this crap! Forget it!"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The campfire. The meteor shower continues
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Let the New Tide turn! Let Haman rule his people once again!
Jewbilee,Chief elder,No! [Kenny walks into the camp again]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"We await your return, Haman! [Kenny stops to see Elder Garth at work] Your passage is safe from the enemies!"
Jewbilee,Kenny,[the bear finds him and carries him off] (Aghh!)
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"The building. The chief elder tries to burst through the door, but fails"
Jewbilee,Chief Elder,It's hopeless.
Jewbilee,Elder,"Haman will be summoned and we will be forced to obey him, or die. [the Scouts are scared]"
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,Uh I'm fine with obeying.
Jewbilee,Elder,"Yeah, obeying should work out swell. [!]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Don't worry, you guys. He forgot about Kenny. Kenny will help us."
Jewbilee,Elder 2,How?
Jewbilee,Kyle,Kenny will find a way.
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The bear cave. The bear brings Kenny in.
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Haaarrrrrh!) [the bear drops him off and leaves the cave] (Huh?)
Jewbilee,Squirt,"Hey, welcome to the party. [Kenny studies the scene] See this li'l bear cub? It's his birthday."
Jewbilee,Squirt 2,"Yeah, so his mommy brought us all over to play with him."
Jewbilee,Bear cub,Mrar.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Aww.) [the momma bear comes and licks a Squirt's face, and the Squirt laughs] (Okay, you guys, we've gotta get back to the camp and... [indistinct chatter])"
Jewbilee,Squirt,They are? Uh oh.
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Come on, Squirts, we gotta run! We're already god-damned late!)"
Jewbilee,Squirt,"Come on, Squirts. We have to help them."
Jewbilee,All,"Yeah! [everyone, including the cub, races out of the cave]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The camp. The Squirt leader returns alone
Jewbilee,Squirt leader,"Elder Schwartz, I lost the Squirts! I lost all the Squirts! [no answer] Well, screw you too! I don't need your Chutzpah badge anyway! Hello? [in the building behind him, heads rise from under the window sill]"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,"[the chief elder] Shlomo, get us out of here!"
Jewbilee,Shlomo,[Squirt leader] What the geez? [turns and walked towards the hostages] What are you guys doing in there?
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,Get the keys and unlock the door! [the Scouts jump up and down]
Jewbilee,Schlomo,What?!
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,[now points] Get the keys and unlock the door!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,"[doesn't understand what Schwartz is saying, but gives his own news] I lost the Squirts! [Elder Garth appears behind him]"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,Look out!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,Huh? [turns to face Garth]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Don't move!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,"[backs up quick] Oh, Jiminy gravy, what is this??"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"It's the summoning of Haman, fool! The awakening of a new kingdom, heeheh!"
Jewbilee,Schlomo,You can't wake Haman. What would Moses say?
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Moses is trapped for all eternity in the conch of blind faith!
Jewbilee,Schlomo,"[sees the shell and dives for it] Oh, no you don't! [grabs it, but Farth shoots him. The bullet grazes Schlomo's right shoulder, which he then covers with his left hand, dropping the shell] Ooowww!!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Enough of this waste of time! [turns and goes back to the campfire. Once there, he reaches for the Book of Haman] Haman! The Great Summoning is done! Upon these words let your spirit come! Einich! Hos!"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,It is lost.
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Zayak. Kareem! [Kenny comes up behind him]
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Woohoo!) [takes off with the book]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Hey, give that back! [chases Kenny into the woods. The Squirts line up before the window where the hostages await]"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,It's the Squirts.
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Go, Ike!"
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,"Unlock the door, Squirts! The keys are up there."
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,They'll never reach.
Jewbilee,Squirt,"Squirts, fall in. Chinese formation. [the Squirts hurry and climb up one on top of another to form a human pillar]"
Jewbilee,Scene Description,The woods. Elder Garth catches up to Kenny
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Give me that book! [knocks Kenny down]
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Ow!) [gives up the book, and Garth kicks him]"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,Haman will deal with you! [kicks him again]
Jewbilee,Kenny,(Ow!)
Jewbilee,Scene Description,"The camp. The Squirts have finished the pillar, with Ike at the very top. Ike gets the key and the pillar falls apart to form two rows of four Squirts each, and Ike alone at the top of the steps. He jumps up to the padlock and unlocks it. He then removes the lock. The door opens and everyone inside pours out. Elder Harris moves out into the open"
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,"Oh, no. It's too late!"
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Ramek shtud! [lightning strikes the ground. Nearby, the bear returns and gets the conch shell. She moves away, only to take it to Kenny, who receives it. The bear growls and leaves. Meteors continue to shower down as a black cloud with a pair of red eyes appears among the gathering clouds]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,What is that?
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,It is Haman.
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Yes! Yes! [Kenny tries to break the conch shell open on a rock, then against the tree, but it doesn't break]"
Jewbilee,Haman,Free! Free to punish those that imprisoned me!
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"[now prostrate before Haman] Haman! It's me, Garth! I freed you!"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Look! [Kenny comes into the clearing and throws the shell against the snow several times.]
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(It's okay, I'll use my head!) [faces the shell and throws his head back]"
Jewbilee,Kyle,Kenny! Noooooo!
Jewbilee,Kenny,"(Heeeeeyah! Ugh--!) [the headbutt opened the shell alright, but Kenny falls back on his side as Moses comes out of the broken shell]"
Jewbilee,Haman,Moses! Nooo!
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,"Nooo! Eheh. Nooo! [Moses rises into the sky, absorbs Haman, and reclaims his place above the campfire. Elder Garth turns to face him again] Moses. Uh I, I apologize for any inconvenience, eheh. Uh yuh you see, I was just uh--"
Jewbilee,Moses,Die! [lightning comes out of both his eyes and nukes Garth until Garth explodes]
Jewbilee,Elder Garth,No! Aaagghhh! Ooww..! [poof]
Jewbilee,All,[gathering] Hooray!
Jewbilee,Kyle,"Kenny! [runs to Kenny, who now lies in a pool of blood. The others follow]"
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,That blow to his head must have killed him.
Jewbilee,Elder Carn,He saved us. He saved all the Jews.
Jewbilee,Kyle,"You know, I think we all learned something today. It's fine to have your own beliefs and your own traditions, but as soon as you start excluding people from your ways, only because of their race, you become separatists. And being a separatist sucks ass."
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,"We've learned a lot from you and your great friend, Kenny."
Jewbilee,Moses,[joins them next to Kenny] Every year we shall gather here in this special place and bring Kenny tidings of soap sculptures and macaroni pictures.
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,Yes.
Jewbilee,Moses,And those little shaker things where... you put beans inside of paper plates that are glued together.
Jewbilee,Elder Harris,Paper-plate bean shakers.
Jewbilee,Moses,And let us put patterns of glue on the outside of those paper plates so we can then pour glitter on them so they can look nice and sparkly.
Jewbilee,Elder Schwartz,"You heard him, Scouts! Let's get to work!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"A bustling scene on a dock. A large lake is behind the dock, a stage is off to the left, and the whole place is being dressed for Halloween. Beyond the lake, a lighthouse looks over the scene. At center is a booth for a radio station. The camera moves in"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"[with classic 1970's big hair] We're here live at the KOZY 102.1 Halloween Haunt at the South Park docks! Come on down! We've got a haunted house [Chef finished pinning a banner on the top right corner of the stage] and everyone is decorating for tomorrow night, [one man pins a rubber bat to a shack roof, another walks past with a jack-o-lantern] HALLOWEEN, when the band KoRn, that's right, KoRn, is going to play live! And don't forget to wear a costume tomorrow, because there's a big first prize! Why, here's some kids enjoying the Halloween Haunt now! [Kenny, Kyle, and Stan walk past, but turn to face the DJ] Say boys, what do you think of KOZY-FM's Halloween Haunt so far? [lowers the boom mic to Stan]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"This one time, like eight months ago, I saw two guys kissing in a park. And that was the gayest thing I'd ever seen, until I saw the KOZY-FM Halloween Haunt. [turns and walks away with Kyle and Kenny]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Uh-hall right! Well, enjoy the spooky docks, kids."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Further down the dock. The boys keep walking, and Cartman runs up to meet them"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Hey you guys! [they stop] You know what time of year it is?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Of course, dumbass, it's Halloween."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"That's right, and that means only two more months till Christmas! You'd better watch out, you'd better not cry—"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Christmas?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,—Christmastime is presents for me.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"On another part of the dock, Jimbo and Ned leave a ticket booth"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jimbo,"Aw, nuts! Come on, Ned, this ain't no whore house, it's a hor-ROR house."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Guests in line,Awwww! [all leave. The boys walk by]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Eeyyy [Kyle stops, the others walk away], Spooky Laboratory, you guys. [""THIS WAY TO SPOOKY LABORATORY"" The entrance doors are stained with blood]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[annoyed] Those things are stupid, Cartman. They just stick your hand in cold spaghetti and tell you it's intestines and stuff."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Well, I'm going to Spooky Laboratory! [throws open the doors and enters] Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Guide,"Welcome to Spooky Laboratory. [pulls out a blindfold and puts it over Cartman's eyes] I'm your guide, Dr. Spookalot. Allow me to show around the lab. [leads him to a table on which is a bowl of eggs and a bowl of lime Jell-o cubes]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Cool!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Dr. Spookalot,[helps him up to a chair] Here I have a bowl of human eyeballs.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[rolls his fingers around the eggs] Ewww-hoohooo.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Dr. Spookalot,[switches bowls] And here you can feel the brains.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[rolls his fingers through the lime Jell-o cubes] Oh-HO, grohoss."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Dr. Spookalot,[leads him to an ass] And here you can feel the warm innards of the body [Cartman reaches into the ass's ass and the ass looks surprised]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Eewww, it feels like cold spaghetti! You guys, it feels like cold spaghetti!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk past a shack on which hangs a banner: ""COSTUME CONTEST TOMORROW"""
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(You guys, I'm gonna try and win that costume contest!)"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[two older boys peek out from behind some boxes, then drop down] Give it up, Kenny! You're not gonna win that costume contest! Your costumes always suck. [the boy with his picture on the shirt pops out and faces them]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,BOO!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Aaaaah! [they turn and run around in circles]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,"Ha ha ha ha ha! We scared you, chickens!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,W-we weren't scared!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,"Oh no? Well, you should be! [walks towards them] The pirate ghosts are gonna come getcha!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,The what?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,Didn't you know? There's an old legend in South Park that says these docks are haunted by pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Nuh-uh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,Yuh-huh. They roam these docks with their swords and hook-hands [molds his left hand into a hook] looking for victims tuh... [swipes it through the air] cut up!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,[Kyle gasps] (Hoh!)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,That's just an old legend.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghost cutout,[pops up] Rar!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Aaaaah! [they turn and run around in circles]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Boy in green shirt,"[the cutout drops to reveal another friend] Ha ha ha ha, gotcha again, heh ha ha! [both his friends flank him now] Just wait till tomorrow! We're gonna scare you kids to death! Ha ha ha haa! [the three move away]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[arrives] You guys, my hand totally smells like spaghetti now. Smell it. [starts sniffing it]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,I'm sick of those fifth graders scaring us all the time! We should come up with a way to scare them!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Yeah! Let's see how they like it!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The KOZY-FM booth. The DJ is joined by the town's priest
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Joining me now is Father Maxi, from the South Park Church. Father, what do you think of all the preparations here at the docks?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,Halloween is an abomination of God! A celebration of the occult-eh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Yeah, and how about KoRn playing the big concert tomorrow? Pretty exciting, huh?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"KoRn is a devil-worshiping group that plays violent music! If we allow that demon band to play on this most unholy of holidays, we may incur the full wrath of evil!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Alriight, we'll see you tomorrow for Halloween! In the meantime [suddenly soft] here's a KOZY hit by Barry Manilow."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The lake. The boys are still on the docks...
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Come on, you guys, think! How can we scare the fifth graders? It has to be something reeaally scary."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"We could get a big scary plastic spider, and dangle it in front of them on a string... s- spooky spider, that's pretty scary."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"That's not scary, fatass!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Well, come on! We can think of something better than stupid pirate ghosts! [all turn left and walk off. As they walk towards the shore, they pass a shack. After they pass, three pirate ghosts peek out from behind the shack, scowling]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghosts,Darrrr!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The woods. A van rumbles down a road. On the side it reads, ""KoRn."" Several men inside it talk"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Are you sure we're goin' the right way?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,I don't know. This map doesn't make any sense.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,"That's because you've got it upside down, chowderhead! [canned laughter]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,[spins the map around and realizes his error] Oops.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,When are we gonna get to the gig? I'm starving.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Don't think about it. We'll just keep playing our game. Ready? I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter T!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,I know! A t-ree!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,You've got it. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter R.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,A road?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"That's it! [they pass the South Park Docks sign, and then the three pirate ghosts show up to watch]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirates,Darrrr!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,further down the road...
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Okay, here's one. I spy with my little eye something that begins with the letter P."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,The letter P?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,What the heck starts with the letter P?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,[trembling] Puh-pirate ghosts! [the ghosts appear in front of the van]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,"Aaaaah! [the van swerves left to avoid the ghosts, but ends up going over a hillside. It finally settles upside down at the foot of the hill]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The Cartman house. Cartman walks towards the sofa with a catalog in hand
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Mom! You got the new Duffy's catalog! I-I'm gonna circle everything I want for Christmas, okay? Mom? Okay? O-kay [sits on the sofa], let's see. [softly] I waant... thiis... aand... this... [a truck] and... [flips the page] let's see, comes with so... [the Phillip doll. The doorbell rings] ...comes with two bars [circles the boxed doll], so there we go, have that... [a door opens in the background] and, let's see..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"[walks up to him] Eric, your little friends are here."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[excited, motions with the catalog] Mom, mom! You wanna see what I want for Christmas?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"E-heric, it's only Halloween."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,That's only 72 shopping days left for you!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[walks up with Kyle and Kenny] Come on, fatass, we have to go!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Ey! Don't call me fat! [Liane starts to giggle. Cartman is hurt] Mom, don't laugh."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"I'm sorry, hon,"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[to his friends] I can't go with you guys right now.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Yes you can, porky. [Liane giggles again]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Mom, seriously! [her giggles die down]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Liane,"Oh, that's not funny, boys. Eric isn't fat, he's big-boned."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"He must have a huge bone in his ass, then. [Liane bursts out laughing]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"God-damnit, mom!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Outside, night. The boys head out and away"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[closes the door] God, I hate you guys!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay, so we figured out how to scare the fifth graders."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,How?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,What's the scariest thing we could get?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[quietly] Spooky spider?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"No! [turns, then says gravely] A dead body."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, a dead body."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"You mean, we make something that looks like a dead body?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"We could never make one that looks real enough. [his voice lowers] To be really scary, it would have to be real."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, it has to be real to be scary!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,So where the hell are we going to get a dead body?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,[voice low] We're gonna dig up Kyle's dead grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, we're gonna dig up- [stops] Dig up Kyle's dead grandma??"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[appeasing] Dude, she's perfect. She only died, like, three months ago, right?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Are you insane?!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,U-hi think that's a sweet idea!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Dude! We're not digging up my grandma; I'll get in trouble.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"All we have to do is sneak in the graveyard, dig her up, scare the fifth graders, then put her back before anyone notices she's gone,"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[uneasy] Naww, let's dig up somebody else."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Relax, dude. What's the big deal? Think about it: if your grandma knew that she could help you, even in death, she would want to."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,This is gonna be fun!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The graveyard. Spooky music and a howling wolf punctuate the foggy atmosphere as a full moon rises. Kyle leads the way with a flashlight. Cartman is singing
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Just hear those sleigh bells jingle-in', ring ting tingle-in' tooOutside it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you, and you, and you."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Cartman, will you stop singing Christmas carols? We have to be quiet, or else we're gonna get busted!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"[shines his light on a tombstone] This must be it. ""Cleo Broflovski"" That's my grandma. [turns off the light. The boys have a moment of silence]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Well, let's dig 'er up! [walks to the grave and jabs his shovel in]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Wait. I don't know if this is cool.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Of course it's cool! She's gonna be all rotted and scary!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,I don't think my mom would want me doin' this.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[taunting] ""Ooh, I don't wanna dig up my dead grandma 'cause I'm such a goody-two-shoes!"" [Kyle smacks him with the shovel] Ow."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"You guys be quiet! Now, do you wanna get back at the fifth graders or not?!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"I don't really care, dude."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Yes you do! Now, dig! [all four begin to dig]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling, ""You-hoo""..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Later. The casket is now vertical, leaning against the tombstone"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay. It's almost open. Ready? One, two, three! [they pry the door open, and then jump back and peer in] Whoa, dude."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Oh, my God. [the corpse sways to the right, against the casket wall] Hi, ...Grandma."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,A voice,"Hi, Kyle."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,[hops back] Aaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[providing the voice] Have you been a good boy, Kyle? Have you been making Grandma proud?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Damnit, Cartman, that's not funny!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[chuckling] Eheh, yes, it ihis, heh."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Heh heh, I'm sweet."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Alright, alright, let's get this over with so we can put her back!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay, grab the sled. [Kenny goes and pulls it up. The others stand aside. When the sled abuts the casket, Cartman pulls at the corpse with his shovel, and it falls forward onto the sled]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The docks. A dog is sniffing at the boards, then raises his head. He growls and runs off stage left. The boys come in from the other side pulling the corpse, and Cartman sings"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Silver Bells, Silver Bells, it's Christmas time in the city..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Okay. Let's just hide her here, and tomorrow, during the Halloween party, we'll come back in our costumes and use her to scare the fifth graders."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,How exactly are we gonna use her to scare them?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"We could shove a stick up her ass and use her like a puppet: ""Rowr, rowr, I'm scary Grandma!"""
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Alright, that does it, Cartman! That's my grandma! You show her some God-damned respect!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Male voice,[off screen] O-o-o-o-oh. [thunderclaps. The boys are afraid.]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Who was that?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Cartman?!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,It wasn't me! [camera pans to the corpse]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Male voice,Who-o-oa.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Dude, not cool. This is scary. [Some rustling, and a member of KoRn shows up]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,The Boys,Wa-a-a-ah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"Hey! Like, it's just some kids."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Oh, fwooh, I was really scared there, for a second."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Hay, you're that band KoRn."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Yeah. I'm Jonathan [with the high forehead], and this is Munky [with chiseled looks], David [with thick eyebrows], Fieldy [short, with white cap], and Head [with dreadlocks]. And over there is our pal, Nibblet. [the mates look around] Hey, where'd Nibblet go?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,"[a yellow bird with curled antennae and a great wing span ripping into a bag of chips] Uh-huh, Nibblet likes potato chips."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,Nibblet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,[stops] Okay.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,What are you guys doing out here?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,We were just driving our van when all of a sudden we were run off the road by some super-spooky pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Aw, dude, that was just the fifth graders."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Yeah. They're tryin' to scare everybody 'cause they're gay wads.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Don't worry. We're about to go get 'em back.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Oh, swell. We're supposed to play here tomorrow. Do you know where the stage is?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"[points to it] Yeah, dude. It's right over there."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,"O-kay! [they walk away and pass by the priest, who is nailing a post into place: ""Halloween is Anti-God."" He stops.]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Oh, hi. We're KoRn. We're supposed to play the Halloween concert tomorrow."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,I know who you are and what you stand for! I think your music and Halloween is an abomination!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Groovy! Could you show us where to set up?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The boys walk a little further, and Cartman pulls the sled over to one side of a stack of boxes"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Alright, let's just set her over here behind these boxes. [Cartman hides the body behind the boxes]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Shouldn't we hide her better than that?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Kyle, will you stop worrying? God! Now, we'll all be back here tomorrow with our costumes, and then, when the Halloween party gets going, we'll bust out dead Grandma! Let's go! [they start walking away]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Wait till you guys see my costume! It's gonna be sweet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,(Mine is so fuckin' badass it's gotta win now!)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Oh, come on, Kenny! You never have a sweet costume! You're not gonna win the costume contest!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(Yes I am! I've got the costume; it's waiting in the house! Yesterday I got this huge package in the mail, and it was big, okay?) [The dog returns and sniffs the body from a distance. It approaches slowly, sniffing. Then it lifts the covering and drags the body away.]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The next day. Two uniformed men approach the Broflovski house. One of them rings the bell.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Hold on, kids. [grabs the candy bowl next to the door and opens the door with it in hand]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Mrs. Broflovski?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,Yes?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,We're from Mt. Peaceful Cemetery. Could we have a word with you?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Eehh, sure, come in. [they follow her in and sit on the sofa. She takes the armchair, and they look at each other] What is it?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Ms. Broflovski... somebody has defiled your mother's grave.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,Defiled? How?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"Well, I'm afraid that... somebody dug her up."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,Dug her up? Why??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Well. The- most likely reason is that... somebody wanted to have sex with her dead body.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,Yeahp.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,What?!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Uhuh, we don't want to upset you, but it happens. Somebody's probably making love to her corpse as we speak."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"Every vile position, every disrespectful act imaginable."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Hoh, dear God!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Yes. By now he's probably even removed her eyes and made love to the empty sockets as well.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,[sadly rubs her eyes] Oooh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"No-, we don't want to upset you, but you should know that your mother's body would be stiff and dry, so he would have to have it soaked in warm water for several hours before making love to it."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,[helplessly] O-o-o-o-oh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Yes. And, now for the difficult part."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,Brace yourself.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"It is highly possible that he has created new orifices in her decomposing flesh, leaving her to look something like — an overloved hunk of Swiss cheese. She probably-"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Okay, okay! I get the point! Just tell me what you're gonna do about it!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,...Do?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Blond,"Oh, we don't do anything. We're just the watchmen."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Yeah, I guess, maybe, you might wanna call the police or something."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,O-o-ogh! [gets up and walks away. The men just sit there]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"[to the blond] Now, he probably would make love to the dead body in a cool dry place, so as not to allow further decomposition. [the blond indicates he's thinking by placing his index finger to his lips]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The Cartman house. A delivery man walks towards it with a package and rings the bell. Cartman answers
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Delivery Man,Package delivery for Mrs. Cartman?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"A package? Oh, really? Well, I think I can sign for that!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Delivery Man,"Sign heah, and heah, and heah. [Cartman signs and the delivery man goes away. Cartman closes the door and dances with glee]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"I got a Christmas present! I got a Christmas present! [stops] ...Maybe I can see what it is. I'll just open one little corner. [lifts up a corner of the wrapping] Let's see here. [yanks the wrapping off and away] That's good, I'll rewrap it later! [the box reads, ""LIFESIZED Blow-Up ANTONIO BANDERAS LOVE DOLL. WITH REALISTIC GENITALIA""] Oh, sweet! Life-sized blow-up Antonio Banderas love doll! With realistic geni-ta-lia. [takes the doll out] Oh, this kicks ass! What a cool Christmas present my mom got! [blows it up through the penis]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"The lake. The docks are bustling again, and the DJ is in his booth"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"It's Halloween day, so come on down to the docks and bring your costumes! [a ghost and Ultraman walk by while a joker stands next to the boxes. Stan and Kyle are nearby in their costumes]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,[a cowboy sheriff in white] Where's Kenny? He said he had the best Halloween costume ever. [Kyle is a clown in a yellow jacket]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,[walks up with the doll and jingles] Nyah nyahnyahnyah nyah nyah. Guess wha-at I got? Antonio Banderas blow-up doll. You guys didn't get one.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Where's your costume, fatass?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Screw Halloween, I already got my Christmas present! In a few days I'll wrap it back up, and then when I open it on Christmas, I'll act all, like, surprised, like ""Oh Mother, Antonio Banderas life-sized blow-up doll! What a surprise!"" [heavy machinery is heard, and the boys look up to see an ED-209 unit walking towards them. It stops, turns, and settles into place]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Hey, Kenny."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(Hey, guys. Uh, check out this kick-ass cool costume.)"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"U-huh, nice costume, Kenny. If you think you're gonna win with that, huh!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,[rushes his friends along] Alright. The fifth graders are gonna be here soon. Let's get Kyle's grandma! [Cartman goes for the sled] This is gonna be sweet
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[pulls out the sled, but the body is gone] Uuh, problem, guys."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,What's the problem?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Nno Grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,No Grandma??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,Nno Grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,[turns and reaches the sled. Stan turns as well] She's not here!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,She has to be here! [Kenny meanders]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Well, she's not here! That's just great! Thanks a lot, Stan! You're gonna get me busted again!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"City Hall, outside. Officer Barbrady stands behind a podium addressing the crowd"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"Okay, people. I know we all want to get down to the docks for the Halloween Haunt, but first we just need to inform you about thee- people or persons out there digging up bodies to have sex with them. Gentlemen? [leaves. The watchmen step up]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A person who steals bodies to have sex with them is called a necrophiliac. So that you all know what to expect, my partner Alan has a sketch of what having sex with a dead body might look like. [Alan shows the sketch]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Ee-oooh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Yes, we know it's horrible. It's probably best you not look at it. Now, Alan will demonstrate what having sex with a dead body might sound like. [Alan pulls out a jar of mayonnaise and jams his fist into it, proceeding to simulate the act. He begins to look surprised at what he's doing as his arm gets covered with mayonnaise]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Awwwgh! [Alan continues]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,"Excuse me, how is this helping?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"That's it, folks. Now, we can all go to the docks and enjoy the Halloween Haunt."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate voice,"Noo! Don't go to the docks! [the camera looks up to see a pirate ghost floating outside the Mayor's office] Aarrrgh! [the crowd gasps and screams] Argh, I'm Captain Bly! You land-lubbers had better stay away from the docks! Or else, there'll be hell to pay! [the crowd is afraid. Women scream] Fire the cannon! [a pirate ship appears high above the road, and a cannon goes off. The ball lands amid the crowd and leaves a crater. Bodies are strewn all over] Har harharharhar! [the crowd disperses. A couple runs into another pirate ghost]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghost 2,Arrrgh! [slices their heads off with his sword]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Captain Bly,We won't warn ya again! Stay away from our docks! [the pirates and their ship disappear]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"[rushed to the podium] I warned you! I told you this would happen! [survivors sit up and begin to look his way] When you allow bands like KoRn to come to town and play your hedonistic Halloween concerts, this is what you get!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The docks. KoRn is practicing on stage.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Great rehearsal, gang. That was really groovy. Let's practice one more time before the show starts."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"Aah, guys, I'm sorry, but the Halloween Haunt's been cancelled."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Cancelled?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,DJ,"You best clear out of here! There's pirate ghosts, and they'll kill you. [leaves]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well gang, it looks like we have to pack it up."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,The Others,Awww. [Stan and friends walk towards the stage]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"God-damnit! Now, what the hell are we gonna do?!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"Oh, hey! The kids from last night."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,Wow! Is that the Antonio Banderas life-sized blow-up doll? [Kenny catches up with his friends]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Hey, Kenny."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"[frustrated] (Aw, man!) [he can't impress anyone]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Say, what's the matter? You kids look kind of glum."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Somebody took my dead grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,What?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"We dug her up 'cause we wanted to scare the fifth graders, but then, something took her body away."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Now she's doomed to walk the earth in limbo. [starts to sob]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"Aw, I hate to see little clowns cry."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well, that does it. Somethin' funny is going on here. Your missing grandma must be connected somehow to those creepy pirate ghosts."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"They're not pirate ghosts, Jonathan, they're ghost pirates."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Huh?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"""Pirate ghost"" would suggest that a pirate died, and became a ghost, but a ghost pirate is a ghost that later made a conscious decision to be a pirate."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"No, David. Then they are pirate ghosts, because they're the ghosts of pirates."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"You're wrong, because there were no pirates in Colorado. So these must be ghosts that have decided to become pirates after the fact."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,But that makes them pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,No. It makes them ghost pirates.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Pirate ghosts!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,Guys! Guys! Guys! Fighting isn't gonna solve anything. Don't you see? This is exactly what those ghost pirates want us to do.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Pirate ghosts.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Then, you'll help us?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Sure, we'll help you. If there's one thing we like more than playing music, it's solvin' a groovy mystery."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,The Boys,Al-right!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,City Hall. People are still laying on floor. Chef arrives
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,Is everybody okay?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,[people gather around Chef] People stealing bodies to have sex with them? Pirate ghosts destroying the town? When did everything go so wrong?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Gerald,"I hate to say it, but I think Priest Maxi was right. This is what we get for celebrating Halloween and allowing that band KoRn to come play."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mr. Garrison,He's right! Nothin' ever went wrong in this town before that evil KoRn band showed up.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sharon,"Well, I say we go find them and kick their devil-worshiping butts out of town!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Yeah! [various exclamations follow]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Randy,Lynch mob! [torches and pitch forks appear and the crowd begins to move]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Down with KoRn!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"Halloween night, the docks. KoRn and the boys are still talking..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,So this is where you last saw your dead grandma.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Right. [Kenny walks along the shore way in the background]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Maybe there really are pirate ghosts and they took her inside.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Alright, gang, we have to split up and look for clues."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,How should we split up?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"I know. Let's have everyone who enjoys having obstacles in their life, which they can overcome, go this way, [points to his right] and everyone whose insecurities sabotage their potential to overcome those obstacles go that way. [points to his left]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,"O-kay! [the groups separates in two. In the secure group are Stan, Kyle, Jonathan, Munky, and Fieldy. In the insecure group are Cartman, Kenny, David, and Head]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Wow! That was easy.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The lynch mob reaches the docks and head for the van. Randy reaches it first.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Randy,[excitedly] Here's their van! Here's their van!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Woman,Let's flip it over!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Some Folks,Yeah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"[moves to intervene] Okay, people, let's try to stay orderly. The best way to do this is, all get on one side and push it from the top. [the crowd moves in and starts pushing. Even Barbrady participates]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Devil worshipers! [the van tips over]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,Yeah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man 2,"Come on, they gotta be around here somewhere!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,A warehouse. The secure group walks along with Nibblet. Munky is not with them.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,This place gives me the creeps.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Say, this looks like a clue. [picks up a book: ""Pirate Lore of South Park, By A.R.R. Robbins""] ""Pirate Lore of South Park."" Hmmm. Now, why would pirate ghosts need a book on pirates? [something metallic falls]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,Whoa. What was that?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"The noise came from in here. Stay close, everybody! [opens a door and goes in. The rest follow]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"[runs into a supporting pole] Oh, no! I lost my glasses."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The insecure group walks in a darkened part of the warehouse. Munky is in that group now.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,What does this dead grandma look like?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Uh, she was all, like, crunchy and crispy and stuff."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Hey, I got an idea. [all stop] We should set a groovy trap."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Good idea.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,How do we trap a bunch of pirate ghosts?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"We need something that might catch their eye to use as bait. I know, your Antonio Banderas love doll."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"[holds the doll tight] Oh, no! This is my Christmas present! If anything happens to it, my mom will know I opened it early!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,"Come on, kid. We all have to do our part, even Antonio."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The lit side of the warehouse. Fieldy is still looking for his glasses
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"My glasses gotta be around here somewhere. [a peg-legged pirate ghost appears next to him] Is that you, Jonathan? Boy, I'm glad to see you. I lost my glasses."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Peg-leg,Raaarrrgh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"Hey, you got a cold, Jonathan?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Peg-leg,Raarraarrgh! [canned laughter]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"Yeah, that sounds like a groovy song, man! Remember that one! [more canned laughter]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"[from the other end of the room] Fieldy, what are you doing?!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,"[turns to face him] Oh, I was talking to you, Jonathan. ...Hey, wait a minute. If you're over there, then how could you be over here? Unless you're actually a..."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,Puh-puuhh pirate ghost! [all scatter]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Peg-leg,Raaarrrgh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The darkened part of the warehouse. The trap is set
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Okay. Here's how the trap will work. When the pirate ghosts walk in, they should go right for Antonio Banderas. [the camera now follows the trap as David describes it] When they hit the super-slippery floor, they'll slide onto this mining cart, which should travel down this path, into the next room, where the fish net will fall on them."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Wow, cool!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Hey! Somebody's coming. [everyone jumps back behind some boxes]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Secure Group,Aaaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,We've got to hide!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Hey, there's Antonio Banderas! He'll help us. [calls out] Mr. Banderas!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"[peeks up] Jonathan, no!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Secure group,[hits the slick] Aaaah! [the trap works exactly as David said it would]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,"Oh, no!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Secure group,Aaaah! [the cart hits the wall and stops. The insecure group rushes in]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Ow!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Hold on, guys! [the lynch mob, led by the watchmen, bursts through the doors and moves in on the group]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,"Alright, KoRn, time for you to get out of town! [the pirate ghosts appear]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghosts,Aarrrrgh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,[frightened] Aaaaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Randy,KoRn is sending their demon minions upon us!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Crowd,[shrieking] Aaaaaah!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"[to his band mates] Alright, gang. Looks like we're gonna have to use our special KoRn powers. [the five members huddle and link hands to forearms] KoRn powers, vitalize! [starbursts abound as each member transforms]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Munky,Munky!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,David!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,Fieldy!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,Head!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,Jonathan!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,"Form of... CORN! [final starbursts give way to various corn products: two corncobs, a tub of popcorn, a can of creamed corn, and one corn kernel. The tub of popcorn swells and spits out several popped kernels. The townsfolk just stare and the corn products stay still. The pirates are seen staring. Soon, the products revert to the band mates]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Alright! Great job, gang! [The townsfolk stare]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,That didn't help at all.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Head,We know. It's just cool to do.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Ghosts,Aarrrrgh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,"[floating up to release the net] Nibblet! [releases the net, and it lands on the pirate ghosts]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,KoRn,[grateful] Nibblet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,What the hell is that thing??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"You did it, Nibblet! You trapped them!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"[approaches the net] Yeah. And now let's see who these pirate ghosts really are! [the ghosts disappear, and he throws his palms up] Oh, I guess they really were pirate ghosts."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"[approaches with gun drawn] Alright, KoRn, you can stop your demonic shenanigans and come downtown with me!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,"[notices some twine hanging from two trap doors on the ceiling] Hehey, look what Nibblet sees. [pulls on the twine, and the doors open. Priest Maxi falls to the ground]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,Whoa! [lands with a thud]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,What the...?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Father Maxi?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"[gets up] Well, what are you waiting for, Barbrady?! Arrest that band!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,Oh?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,No! Arrest him!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,Huh??
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,I think I've got this groovy mystery solved!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,Outside. The mystery has apparently been explained. The priest is now under arrest
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,"Well, I must say I still don't get this at all."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"It's simple. Priest Maxi didn't want there to be a Halloween, so he decided to scare everyone away from the docks."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,David,"Yeah. And then he used this flashlight and some cotton swabs to create the ghosts. [shows the flashlight and swabs, then shines the light through the swabs. The pirate ghosts appear in the distance]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fieldy,[with some cheese and a cup] Then all he needed was some sound effects created by this cup and a piece of cheese. [holds them to his mouth and sounds] Aaaaraargh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"And all he had to do then was create a ghost ship, by using some candles, a mirror, and two squirrels. [genuflects to place the candle between the mirror and the squirrels. A pirate ship appears on the lake]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,"Father, why did you go to all this trouble?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,"Because Halloween is an abomination of God. I would do anything to stop this wretched, unholy holiday!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,Including killing people and wreaking havoc all over South Park?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Brunet,Don't you see that by trying to stop Halloween you've scared the hell out of everybody?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Priest Maxi,No.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Barbrady,"Okay buddy, you can explain downtown! [takes the priest away]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sheila,"Well, this is all fine and good, but it doesn't explain what happened to my mother's body!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kyle,"Yeah! Where's Grandma? [the dog walks in and begins regurgitating. First, the head comes out]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,Eeewww! [the rest of the body comes out]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,There she is!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,Oooh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Man,Ho-hoh.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Chef,"Well thanks a lot, KoRn! You KoRn powers really came through for us!"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Sharon,Yes! We were wrong about you. Will you please play for our Halloween party?
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well, sure. Why the heck not?"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mob,All right! [the pirate cutout is hoisted up on two poles]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Pirate Voice,Raarrrr!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,"Oh, no! The pirate ghosts are back! [the cutout shakes and falls away, revealing Nibblet]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,Nibblet!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Nibblet,Uh oh!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,The stage on the docks. KoRn is preparing for their concert. The mob is spread out in front of the stage. Jonathan takes the mic.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"Well, this sure has been a wacky night, but me and the gang learned a lot, and we hope you did too. You all perceived us to be mean, evil people, but, really, we're just normal guys. And we all perceived pirate ghosts to be real when, actually, they were just cotton swabs. So I guess the lesson is: it's easy to perceive somethin' someway, and then be wrong. So we all need to learn to be a little less perceptive."
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,All,[reflecting] Yeah.
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Jonathan,"The gang and I wrote a song about it, and it goes goes a little somethin' like this:And a-one, and-a-two, and a [goes right into ""Falling Away From Me."" The strobe lights come on, and the crowd looks a little stunned. The fifth graders are at the very front of the crowd, and the body of Grandma Broflovski inches up to them]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Stan,Boo!
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Fifth Graders,Aaaah! [they run away]
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,"Stan, Kyle","Sweet! [Nibblet floats up to the Antonio Banderas blow-up doll and punctures it. It deflates, alerting Cartman]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Cartman,"Antonio, no! [sees Nibblet and goes after it] You son of a bitch chicken from outer space... thing, come back here! [KoRn continues playing. At another part of the docks, Mr. Garrison holds court over the Halloween Costume Contest. Kenny is present]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Mr. Garrison,"And the winner of the costume contest is [reads the name] Wendy, for her Chewbacca costume! Come on up, Wendy. [she rushes up and stands next to him]"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,[droops] (Awww.)
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Scene Description,"End of KORN's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery... Wait a minute! Dejected, Kenny walks away slowly from the crowd. A tiny snowspeeder flies by and wraps a cable around his costume's legs. He begins to stumble"
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery,Kenny,"(What the hell? What the fuck is this?!) [two more speeders fly by and bomb him to bits, and rats converge on him.]"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Episode starts with Cartman watching TV and snacking on something. Kitty walks up.
Chinpokomon,Kitty,Reowr.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"No, Kitty, these are my spicy-hot Louisiana-baked Chicken Tenders!"
Chinpokomon,Kitty,Reowr.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"No, Kitty! [the TV screen shows a blond Ash-like figure surrounded by three little monsters]"
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","Someday, I will collect all the Chinpokomon, then I will fight the Evil Power that will reveal itself once all the Chinpokomon are collectable, [tilts his head to one side] oh?"
Chinpokomon,Kitty,Roar?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[affecting an anime look] No, Kitty, you can't have these chicken tenders, because they are mine, and I keep mine to myself, oh?"
Chinpokomon,Announcer,Be sure to tune in tomorrow for another inexplicable episode of... Chinpokomon.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,[exults] Hooray! [hops off the sofa and begins to walk away...]
Chinpokomon,Announcer,Hey kids! [Cartman turns to look at the TV] Do you love Chinpokomon?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Yes.
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Well, now you can buy your very own! [the little monsters begin to flash across the screen]"
Chinpokomon,Singer,"I got to buy ChinpokomonI got to buy it, I got to buy it! [six Chinpokomon appear]"
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"[more Chinpokomon appear...] Now you can collect them all. Furrycat, Donkeytron, Pengin, Shoe, Lambtor. Collect them all, and you can become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Royal Crown Chinpoko Master? Holy shit!
Chinpokomon,Announcer,All the Chinpokomon are in stores now.
Chinpokomon,Japanese Woman,"[dressed in business attire] Chinpokomon is soo-peh-rior rubbeh toy, Nuhmbah 1!"
Chinpokomon,Singer,I got to buy it! Chinpo-ko-mon!
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[turns off TV and rushes to the kitchen, tossing the chicken tenders away] Mom! Mom!"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Kitchen. Liane is at the sink. Cartman rushes in and runs circles around her legs.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[pants] Mom! Seriously! Let's go to the toy store, Mom. Now! Must go! Toy store!"
Chinpokomon,Liane,"Eric, calm down. [genuflects and restrains him]"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Uh seriously! Mom! Must go! Must buy!
Chinpokomon,Liane,"What is it, Eric?"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[breathless] Mom-Mom! I've only just heard. They're making Chinpokomon dolls, mom. You can collect them all. You can collect them all, Mother; quick, come on. Let's go to the toy store!"
Chinpokomon,Liane,"[stands up and turns to the counter] I'm making you some lunch right now, Eric."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[stops] ...But Mom, I have to get Chinpokomon dolls before everybody else does, 'cause then I'll be coo-oo-ool."
Chinpokomon,Liane,"Can't it wait till tomorrow, hon?"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[shriek] ...But Mom, I have to get the first one, or else people won't think I'm coo-oo-ool!"
Chinpokomon,Liane,Alright! let's go. [heads towards the front door. Cartman follows]
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Sweet.
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"Toy store, ""TOYS."" Cartman and Liane approach it."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Everybody's gonna be sooo jealous when they see my Chinpokomon. [Liane opens the door, and both are shocked to find the store full of kids looking around and walking with Chinpokomon dolls. The class is there...]"
Chinpokomon,Butters,Wuh-I love Chinpokomon.
Chinpokomon,Girl,[amid the din] Give it to me!
Chinpokomon,Boy,Give it here!
Chinpokomon,Boy,[fighting with Bradley Biggle over a Chinpokomon doll] Give me that!
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Oh, god damnit! [walks in and runs into Stan]"
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Hey, fatass."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Hey, dickhole. I guess you saw the commercial, too."
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Yep. I got Roostor, Lambtron, and Shoe."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Well, that's nice, but I'm gonna get a Pengin. He's the cutest. [walks to the Pengin canister and finds it empty] God damnit, there's no more Pengins! [Kenny walks over with one] Kenny, Pengin is my favorite. That's the last one. Let me have it. [starts pulling]"
Chinpokomon,Kenny,(Nuh uh.) [pulls back. Tug-of-war]
Chinpokomon,Cartman,C'mon.
Chinpokomon,Kenny,(Nuh uh!)
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"C'mon, Kenny. Let me ha--"
Chinpokomon,Kenny,(No!)
Chinpokomon,Cartman,C'mon.
Chinpokomon,Kenny,(No!)
Chinpokomon,Cartman,C'mon. Give me Pengin!
Chinpokomon,Kenny,(No! This is mine!)
Chinpokomon,Cartman,C'mon!
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"Checkout counter. Sharon is ready to pay for some Chinpokomon. Liane has one, too. Sharon turns to Liane."
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"Honestly, I don't see what they find so amusing about those things."
Chinpokomon,Liane,They're so strange. Where are they from?
Chinpokomon,Cashier,"Well, it's some new big thing from Japan. I tell you, those Japanese really know how to market to kids."
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","[on a TV screen] I've got to collect all Chinpokomon. I've got to collect them all so I can become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master, oooh? [static]"
Chinpokomon,Japanese woman,"Own-ah Chinpokomon, and-ah you vill-ah have-ah happy feelings-eh. [static]"
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""",I have to become Royal Crown Chinpoko Master.
Chinpokomon,Kids,[recite as they disperse] Must collect Chinpokomon.
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The boys stand around with their Chinpokomon. Kyle is missing."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Okay, Kenny. I'll trade you my Chuchunezumi for your Pengin."
Chinpokomon,Kenny,(Fuck you!)
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"God damn it, you're supposed to trade, you little asshole! Give me Pengin!"
Chinpokomon,Kyle,[arrives at the bus stop] Hey dudes. [notices] What are those?
Chinpokomon,Stan,What are these? They're Chinpokomon!
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Huh?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,[haltingly] You don't appear to have any Chinpokomon?
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"No, but look. I just got this sweet Cyborg Bill doll."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Oh, please! Cyborg Bill is so yesterday."
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Yeah, like ancient history."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Cyborg Bill isn't cool anymore?
Chinpokomon,Stan,"No, dude!"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Cyborg Bill hasn't been cool for a long time, Kyle."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Why the hell don't people tell me these things?!
Chinpokomon,Cartman,It's all Chinpokomon now.
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Dude, if you collect Chinpokomon you can complete the Primary Main Objective."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,What's the Primary Main Objective?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,You don't even know what the Primary Main Objective is?
Chinpokomon,Stan,The Primary Main Objective is to destroy the Evil Power.
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"Well, what's the Evil Power?"
Chinpokomon,Stan,[exasperated] Ogh..!
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[exasperated] Oh, my God..! The identity of the Evil Power won't be revealed until all Chinpokomon are collected by a Royal Crown Chinpoko Master!"
Chinpokomon,Kyle,What?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Duhhh!
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Yeah, get with the times, dude. [turns and walks away with Cartman and Kenny]"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Duhhh!
Chinpokomon,Kyle,[throws down Cyborg Bill] Shit!
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Broflovski residence. Sheila and Gerald are talking on the sofa. Ike sits to Gerald's left.
Chinpokomon,Gerald,"Yeah, I guess so."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"[enters] Mom, Dad, can I have money to buy Chinpokomon?"
Chinpokomon,Sheila,What's a Chinpokomon?
Chinpokomon,Kyle,I'm not sure.
Chinpokomon,Sheila,"Well, why do you need one?"
Chinpokomon,Kyle,I don't know.
Chinpokomon,Sheila,"...Well then, the answer is no, Kyle. You just got money to buy your Cyborg Bill doll."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"Yeah, but Cyborg Bill is totally gay now. Please Mom? Everybody else has Chinpokomon."
Chinpokomon,Gerald,"Well, Kyle, that's not a reason to buy something."
Chinpokomon,Ike,Neah Kyle doh.
Chinpokomon,Gerald,"You see, son, fads come and go. And this ""Chin-po-ko-mon"" is obviously nothing more than a fad. You don't have to be a part of it. In fact, you can make an even stronger statement by saying to your peers, ""I'm not going to be a part of this fad, because I'm an individual."" Do you understand?"
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"Yes. Yes, I do, Dad. Now let me tell you how it works in the real world. In the real world, I can either get a Chinpokomon, or I can be the only kid without one, which singles me out, and causes the other kids to make fun of me and kick my ass."
Chinpokomon,Gerald,Hm... Good point; here's $10. [hands it to him]
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Thanks.
Chinpokomon,Gerald,"Wait, here's 20. Get one for your brother, too. [Kyle receives the other $10 and walks out]"
Chinpokomon,Ike,"Hey, Chih-paw-ko."
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Toy store. Kyle has just purchased a Lambtor.
Chinpokomon,Cashier,"[hands him the doll] There you go, son. I honestly don't know what you see in these things."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Neither do I. [turns and walks out.]
Chinpokomon,Cashier,[closes the door and turns off the lights] I guess I'll call it a night. [heads towards the back]
Chinpokomon,A voice,"Chinpoko! [the cashier turns] Buy me! Buy me! [the cashier heads for the Chinpokomon display] When will you become Royal Chinpoko Master? [the cashier gets a Lambtor and squeezes it, making a little squeak.] Hurry up and buy me. [squeeze] Down with America!"
Chinpokomon,Cashier,What? [squeeze]
Chinpokomon,Lambtron,"I love you. Let's be best friends, and destroy the capitalistic American government."
Chinpokomon,Cashier,What the hell is goin' on here?
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, next day. The boys are engaged in a video game. Again, Kyle is absent."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,[enters] Hey you guys! Check out my sweet Chinpokomon doll!
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Oh, please, Chinpokomon dolls are so last week."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,What?
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Yeah, dude. Don't you know? It's all about the Chinpokomon video game now. Did you bring your special Chinpokomon game controller?"
Chinpokomon,Kyle,[a little lost] Huh? No.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"[haltingly] Oh, you didn't get a special Chinpokomon game controller. T-heh heh heh heh. Jehesus C-hrist! [Cartman presses ""START"" on game controller]"
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Chinpokomon, what is Primary Objective?"
Chinpokomon,Stan/Kenny/ Cartman,To destroy the Evil Power!
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","I've got to buy all the Chinpokomon so I can destroy the Evil Power, oooh?"
Chinpokomon,Stan/Kenny/ Cartman,Oooh?
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Damnit! [walks out]
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","I've got to buy them all, so first I'd better go to Hawaii and visit Pearl Harbor."
Chinpokomon,Japanese woman,[pops up] Gottai to bomb thah hahbah! Deddy? [vanishes]
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","Go! [""GO"" pops up, and the boys are furiously maneuvering their controllers]"
Chinpokomon,Kenny,"(Hey, you guys...) [the boys bomb the harbor, grunting all the while]"
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""",I must buy them all! I must buy them all!
Chinpokomon,Stan/Kenny/ Cartman,We must buy them all! [they finish the first round of bombing and fly away]
Chinpokomon,Japanese woman,[pops up] Gottai to bomb thah hahbah! [drops down. The second round begins and the bombing is more intense. Kenny begins to convulse and finally drops off the sofa. Play stops as Cartman and Stan look on with shock]
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Dude, the video game gave Kenny a seizure!"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Cool! This game rules!
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"Japan; Chinpokomon Company, outside. An inside shot looks to the main doors as they open, and one man walks in."
Chinpokomon,Cashier,"Hello-o? Ey, hello? [a monitor drops down from above]"
Chinpokomon,Japanese woman,[on screen] Werucome to Chinpokomon Toy Corporashon. Purease state a-name.
Chinpokomon,Cashier,Rr-Red Harris? I own a toy store in America?
Chinpokomon,Japanese woman,Purease state the puhpose-uh.
Chinpokomon,Red,"Uh, I wanna know what the hell you people are doing with these dolls, talkin' about bringin' down American government and all? [the monitor is pulled up in a hurry, and an elevator rises from the floor. The doors open and two men walk towards him.]"
Chinpokomon,Taller man,"I am President Hirohito. And-ah, this is Mr. Ose."
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,[nods forward] Peased to meet you.
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,We unduhstand you have big concern about our fine pro-duct.
Chinpokomon,Red,"Oh, eh-yes. Do you mind tellin' me what the hell this is about? [squeezes Lambtor]"
Chinpokomon,Lambtor,The American government lies to you! Join the fight for Japanese supremacy of the world! More to come. [the two men remain silent]
Chinpokomon,Red,Well?
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,Uuuh.
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"That is so sturange. [takes Lambtor from Red] I do not a-know how this could happen. But urest assured, I will make sure [glares sideways at Mr. Ose] it does not happong again!"
Chinpokomon,Red,"Well, now, come on, I don't think that that quite satisfies my--"
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,You are American?
Chinpokomon,Red,Yes.
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,[begins to gesture] Ogh! You must have very big pee-anis!
Chinpokomon,Red,Excuse me? I was just asking you what you're up to with these toys!
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,Nothing. We are very simple people. With very small penis. Mr. Ose penis is ...especially small.
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"[fakes a sob] Uh, smuh, so small."
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,We cannot achieve much with so small penis. But you! Americans. Wow! Penis so big! Soo big penis!
Chinpokomon,Red,"[flattered] Well uh, he-I guess it is a pretty good size."
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"Minna-san, kite kite! [""Everyone, come come!"" A group of Japanese women move in, chattering] This-a man has veh-ry big penis! [the women applaud, Red grins big]"
Chinpokomon,Woman 1,"Take takeru o da ne? [""It's rather large, isn't it?""]"
Chinpokomon,Woman 2,"Hai. [""Yes.""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"Uh, hoh, what an-whoa immense penis-uh!"
Chinpokomon,Red,"Well, it certainly was nice meeting you folk, I just wanted to bring that little malfunction to your attention. Bye-bye now."
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"Good-bye. Thank you for stopping by, with your gargantuan penis. [Red walks out humming happily. After a moment Hirohito looks angrily at Mr. Ose] Dame, dame da. [""Its over. Its all over."" The women quickly exit the room. He slaps the back of Mr. Ose's head] Naze kono chippu o soto wo detanda? [""Why did you let this chip get outside?""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"Wa, wakarimasen, shachou-san. Mondai desu ne. [""I, I don't know, president. This is going to be a problem, isn't it?""]"
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"Seki ni shou yoube! [""Prepare a sit down meeting!""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"Hai. Hai, shachou-san. [""Yes. Yes, president."" He bows out]"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. Kitty roars outside. Cartman is asleep, but tossing..."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,I've got to buy Chinpokomon... I've got to... buy them... Must buy Chinpokomon...
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"His Chinpokomon sends up an antenna, which sends out a signal, which goes out the window and joins other signals at a point in space. Then the merged signals go to a satellite, which bounces them to Japan. The signals reach the Chinpokomon Toy Corporation's rooftop satellite dish and split up to show each Chinpokomon in its own screen on the company's video wall. President Hirohito is talking to his board of directors under heavy guard."
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"Amerika no kodomo minna ga Chinpokomon mo motte ima na. ""Phase two"" kaishi suru toki da. IKIMASHOO! [""All the children in America already own Chinpokomon now. It is time to begin ""Phase two"" . LET'S GO!"" The soldiers set their rifles] The time has come! We will take Pearl Harbor!"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, next day. A TV is on: ""I've got to buy it! I've got to buy it! Chinpokomon!"" Sharon sits on the sofa looking at the cartoon."
Chinpokomon,Randy,[walks up] What are you doing?
Chinpokomon,Sharon,I'm watching one of Stanley's Chinpokomon video tapes.
Chinpokomon,Randy,Why?
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"Our son loves this show, Randy, so I think it's important that we watch it to see if it's teaching him good moral values. [Randy sits]"
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","[addressing a robot rooster] Hey, you must be Roostor! I haven't bought one of you yet, but I'll bet you can transform into Roostallion if you found Diamond Skill 7! [picks it up and squeezes]"
Chinpokomon,Roostor,Roo-oo-oostor! [a teen boy in black body suit emblazoned with an 8 appear]
Chinpokomon,"""Eight""","[does the following as he speaks] Hey, I'm gonna take your Roostor and put it in this bag, where it will flourish or expire, depending on fate!"
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""",Hey! Is that a good idea?
Chinpokomon,"""Eight""",Roostors aren't like Chuchunezumis. They haven't the heart for such endeavors.
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""",Oooh? [Randy and Sharon look lost]
Chinpokomon,Randy,...Are those good moral values?
Chinpokomon,Sharon,I don't know what the hell they're talking about.
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Hours later. Randy and Sharon watch a battle scene in disbelief.
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""",Lambtron! You are losing the battle of your life! [Lambtron battles Furrycat]
Chinpokomon,Narrator,But Lambtron's powers also give him a good chance for a new fight. Will he succeed?
Chinpokomon,"""Ash""","I am sad now, because Lambtron must be very lonely because there are so few Lambtrons in the world. Will he ever find a companion?"
Chinpokomon,Sharon,This doesn't make sense. Are those stupid things supposed to be animals or robots or what?
Chinpokomon,Randy,"I don't know, but I suddenly kinda wanna own them all."
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"Randy, we can't allow our son to watch this stuff!"
Chinpokomon,Randy,"Well, it's not like it's vulgar or violent."
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"No, but it's incredibly stupid, and that could be worse on a child's mind than any vulgarity or violence. Remember what Battle of the Network Stars did to an entire generation."
Chinpokomon,Randy,"[solemnly] My God, you're right."
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"South Park, by Tom's Rhinoplasty, day. Cartman is strumming a guitar. A sign on the case reads: ""Please HELP...Boys Sent to camp""."
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Come on, brothers and sistersWe've all got to join togetherJoin together and give me moneySo I can buy more Chinpokomon!We've got to stop this fight and..."
Chinpokomon,Stan,"[arrives with Kenny] How's it goin', fat ass?"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,I haven't made any money yet.
Chinpokomon,Stan,What?! You've been out here all weekend! How are we gonna raise money to get into the Chinpokomon camp?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Ey! I'm the one who's been standing out here with this gay guitar like a God-damned hippie all weekend! What have you two assholes done?!
Chinpokomon,Stan,We can't do anything. Kenny still hasn't come out of his seizure. [moves Kenny so the glazed eyes can be seen]
Chinpokomon,Kyle,[rushes up with a new item] I got it! I got my Chinpokomon game controller! [Tthe others look at him and then laugh]
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Jesus tap dancing Christ! Get with the program, Kyle!"
Chinpokomon,Stan,Yeah. Nobody plays the Chinpokomon video games anymore. Now it's all about the big weekend Chinpokomon camp.
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Camp?
Chinpokomon,Cartman,[sighs] The makers of Chinpokomon are going town to town and putting on a special camp to show all the Chinpoko Masters how to destroy the Evil Power.
Chinpokomon,Stan,You didn't know that?
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"[quickly saving face] No, uh-I knew it! I knew it. I was just testing you guys. You just wait till I get to that Chinpokomon camp! I'm gonna be the toughest master of them all! So we'll see you there, a-ight? [turns and walks away]"
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Dude, did you just say ""a-ight""?"
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"[turns back] Yeah. You know, like Lauren Hill. A-ight?"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Oh, my God, that's so yesterday!"
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Yeah, dude. Nobody says ""a-ight"" anymore."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,"What?? ""A-ight""'s not cool, either? When did that happen?"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Like, eight days ago."
Chinpokomon,Kyle,God damnit! [turns and hurries away]
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, night. Living room. The Marshes, the Broflovskis, Liane, the McCormicks, and the Tweeks watch an Chinpokomon advertisement."
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Hey, kids! [Furrycat appears] Only one more day till the Chinpokomon camp! [""Ash"" and ""Eight"" appear] Come early and enjoy all the Chinpoko fun! [""Chinpokomon CAMP"" is placed over Furrycat, then a violet gorilla appears]"
Chinpokomon,Singer,Chinpokomon Camp!I've got to buy a ticket!I've got to buy one! A ticket!I've got to buy buy buy!
Chinpokomon,Japanese woman,[pops in from the side] It'sa Satuhday anda Sunday. You can'ta wait to go! [moves out]
Chinpokomon,Singer,Chinpokomon! [the TV clicks off]
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"We just thought we'd bring it to everyone's attention because, honestly, we don't know how to feel."
Chinpokomon,Liane,"Well, I'm letting Eric go to the camp. I mean, it seems to me this Chinpokomon thing is just another harmless fad."
Chinpokomon,Sheila,"Yeah. We told Kyle he could go if he did all his chores, and he did."
Chinpokomon,Randy,"[concerned] Now, I'm not sure this blatant commercialism is good for our boys."
Chinpokomon,Sheila,"Well, you know how it is, Randy. The more we forbid them to play with Chinpokomons, the more they're gonna love them."
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"You're right, Sheila. I guess the best thing we can do is just let them go until they get sick of it."
Chinpokomon,Sheila,"Sure. Apparently, they've been doing these camps in every city around the country; how bad can they be?"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,Chinpokomon camp. A huge temple looms over the crowd of kids. Three huge screens display the Chinpokomon program. Soldiers guard the screens and the central stairway. Stan and friends move through the crowd. Several classmates are already there.
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Get outta the way! Move it!
Chinpokomon,Stan,Can you see anything? [the gorilla Chinpokomon appears onscreen]
Chinpokomon,Kids,Yay!!! [applause]
Chinpokomon,Stan,"It's starting, it's starting!"
Chinpokomon,Singer,I've got to buy it! I've got to buy it! Chinpokomon! [the kids continue to cheer and clap. Mr. Ose takes center stage]
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,Attention! Attention! [the kids quiet down] This isa Chinpokomon Camp!
Chinpokomon,Kids,Chinpokomon is what we strive to be great at in our hearts!
Chinpokomon,Kyle,...our hearts. [looks left] Kenny? [Kenny stands motionless]
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,What is the Primary Main Objective?
Chinpokomon,Kids,To destroy the Evil Power!
Chinpokomon,Kyle,...Power.
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,Yesuh. Anda what is the Evil Power? [no one answers] The Evil Power is the United States gorvernment! [the three screens display the U.S. flag. The kids stay silent]
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Ohhh.
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,United Statesuh government is the Evil Power! It hasa taken Japanese Americans! It hasa broken Japanese spirit! And what do Chinpoko Masters do to Evil Power?!
Chinpokomon,Kids,Destroy it!
Chinpokomon,Kyle,Destroy it?
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"That isa correct! Now, it isa great honor to present... your Chinpoko Leaduh! Emperor Hirohito! [a gong is heard, and Mr. Ose claps a few times]"
Chinpokomon,Emperor Hirohito,"[President Hirohito in shogun attire takes center stage] Welcome to campu. Whoever passes it knows and honors that the greatness of Japan is in its history, and it is based on that history that we shall again rise to the dominant world powuh!"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,Is this cool or not? I can't tell.
Chinpokomon,Emperor Hirohito,It is again time for the Rising Sun to sit tall in the sight! One Japan! One society! [walks off. Mr. Ose claps and takes the mike]
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"We will begin witha language anda exercise skills. Hajimete!! [""Begin!"" Two instructors walk up]"
Chinpokomon,Instructors,"[doing squats] Ichi, ni, san, shi! [""1, 2, 3, 4!""]"
Chinpokomon,Kids,"Ichi, ni, san, shi! Ichi, ni, san, shi! [""1, 2, 3, 4! 1, 2, 3, 4!""]"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Mr. Garrison's class. The kids are chatting away happily in Japanese. All have anime expressions."
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, I want it quiet! [the class shuts up] Now, we're gonna try this again until we get it right! What is six times three?"
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Juuhachi desu ka? [""Isn't it eighteen?""]"
Chinpokomon,Class,"Juuhachi da nee! [""Eighteen it is!""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,"No, goddammit, it's eighteen!!"
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Juuhachi is eighteen, Garrison-san."
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,"For the last time, my name is not Garrison-san, all right?! And this is not Hat-san! And you all better start talking in a manner that I can understand!"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Wuu, Garrison-san sabuchii dana. [""Ooo, Mr. Garrison is such an asshole!""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,What did he say?!
Chinpokomon,Stan,"He said, ""Garrison-san sabuchii da naa."""
Chinpokomon,Class,"Soo desu nee! [""That's right!""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,"Damnit, this is not Japan!!"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,"Minna-san! Kite kite, churi... [farts. The class laughs]"
Chinpokomon,Wendy,"Dare ga pu shita no. [""Who farted?""]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,Aggghhh! [rushes out of the room amid the kids' laughter]
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"City Hall, the Mayor's Office. The parents are gathered in it."
Chinpokomon,Mayor,"People, please! We can only speak one at a time. Now, Mr. Garrison, you were saying..."
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,"I can't take it, Mayor. You have to put an end to this Chinpoko Camp."
Chinpokomon,Sharon,[Randy holds her] My son hasn't made any sense in days.
Chinpokomon,Priest Maxi,"I tell you, Mayor, these Japanese are trying to change our American children somehow!"
Chinpokomon,Mayor,"Alright, people, Mr. Hirohito and Mr. Ose were nice enough to stop by to talk to you. Gentlemen? [Mr. Hirohito and Mr. Ose step up]"
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,We at the Japan Toy Company are vetty cohncerned about-a your cohncerns. That is why we make Chinpokomon camp.
Chinpokomon,Randy,"Well, how is it good?! We don't understand what the point of your product is!"
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,There is nothing to worry about. We at Japan Toy Company are in awe of your large penis.
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,What?
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"You see, Japanese penis so small. [holds his hands about an inch apart]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,[set his index finger an inch from his thumb] So-eh small.
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,You Americans have such humungous burbous penis.
Chinpokomon,Mr. Garrison,"Well, uh-I guess that's true."
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"Oh, suh-n nice-a big penis American."
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"What can we possubruh do with such small penis? We cannot take over your city, filled witha men awith such mastodonic penis."
Chinpokomon,Jimbo,"Huwell, uh he's got a point there."
Chinpokomon,Randy,"Well, I guess that settles that."
Chinpokomon,Priest Maxi,"We're sorry we took your time, gentlemen."
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"[bowing with Mr. Ose] Oh, no. Thank you. Another chance to be in same room with big American penis. [exits]"
Chinpokomon,Mr. Ose,"Uh-uh, my penis so small. [exits]"
Chinpokomon,Priest Maxi,Nice guys. [the door closes]
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"City Hall, outside the Mayor's Office."
Chinpokomon,President Hirohito,"Jikan ga nai. Sugu ni bara de shimaou. Shikashi, itsu baru shinkuro isoga reba. [""Time is short. Those people will discover our plan soon. We must finish quickly.""]"
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"City Hall, the Mayor's Office. The men and women have split into two groups by gender. Sharon speaks."
Chinpokomon,Sharon,"So, what are we going to do about our children? [the men smile down at their crotches] Ahhh, hello-o?"
Chinpokomon,Mayor,"O-kay, people. I know this Chinpuku Man fad is causing a lot of problems. But I think we've already found a solution."
Chinpokomon,Liane,You have?
Chinpokomon,Mayor,Children are fickle. [thump] All we have to do is come up with a new fad. We find the next toy and turn them all onto it as soon as possible.
Chinpokomon,Sharon,Of course! That's a great idea!
Chinpokomon,Sheila,But what toy?
Chinpokomon,Scene Description,"South Park Market Research Laboratories, a nondescrpt building. A big-screen TV is shown, flanked by two lab techs. Then a sofa is shown, with Kyle, Stan, Cartman, Kenny, and Butters."
Chinpokomon,Lab Tech 1,"Alright, boys, we're going to show you a couple of commercials, and you tell us which toy interests you the most. Now, watch carefully. [the first one comes on]"
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Hey, kids. Do you like Chinpokomon?"
Chinpokomon,Boys,Yeah!
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Well then, you're gonna go wild for [echo comes on as a weird bike is shown] Wild Wacky Action Bike! [a bike with two single-arm handles, one attached to each wheel, and two lumpy side wheels]"
Chinpokomon,Singer,Wild Wacky Action Bike!The bike that's hard to ride!
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"[a boy runs to the bike and hops on, trying to figure out how to steer it. He shrugs] Wild Wacky Action Bike is almost impossible to steer. And it glows in the dark."
Chinpokomon,Singer,"Goin' to try to ride all day long, but I'm goin' to fail'Cause it's Wild Wacky Action Bike!"
Chinpokomon,Boy,"[manages to steer it, but runs into some cones] Man... [then steers it well enough down the street]"
Chinpokomon,Singer,"You can't ride it, you can't ride itWild Wacky Action Bike!"
Chinpokomon,Boy,Aaagg-agh--! [ends up under a truck. A cloud of steam rushes out on impact]
Chinpokomon,Announcer,"Wild Wacky Action Bike comes with everything you see here. [the boys say nothing for a while, then...]"
Chinpokomon,Cartman,...Gay.
Chinpokomon,Stan,"Yeah, dude. That was totally gay."
