Pinkeye,Scene Description,Cartman walks up.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Hey, dudes."
Pinkeye,Kyle,Cartman! What kind of costume is that?
Pinkeye,Cartman,"It's Adolf Hitler costume. Sieg Heil, sieg heil."
Pinkeye,Stan,Where'd you get that?
Pinkeye,Cartman,"My mom made it, isn't it cool?"
Pinkeye,Kyle,No it's not cool!
Pinkeye,Cartman,"What are you supposed to be Stan, Howdy Doody?"
Pinkeye,Stan,"No, I'm Raggedy Andy, fat-ass!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Ohh, heh- wow, you look pretty cool."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,He and Kyle laugh.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Hehe. Sissy.
Pinkeye,Stan,"I'll kick your ass, Kyle!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Oh look out, Holly Hobby's all pissed off!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny's corpse approaches.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Hey look, Kenny's not dead."
Pinkeye,Kyle,You forgot to wear a costume Kenny.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Yeah, what's the matter? Couldn't your family afford a costume for you?"
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Yeah, why's your family so poor Kenny?"
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Kenny's family is so poor that, yesterday, they had to put their cardboard box up for a second mortgage."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan laughs. Kenny does nothing while birds chirp.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"I said, your family had to put a cardboard box up for a second mortgage, Kenny!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Silence.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"I'm talking to you Kenny, achtung!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Silence.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Poor piece of crap.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Ms. Crabtree's bus pulls up.
Pinkeye,Ms. Crabtree,"COME ON, WE'RE RUNNING LATE!"
Pinkeye,Stan,"Aah, we're always running late you ugly stank."
Pinkeye,Ms. Crabtree,WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
Pinkeye,Stan,"I said, ""I can't wait to own a fishing tank."""
Pinkeye,Ms. Crabtree,"Oh, neither can I."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,South Park Clinic. Marty and the mortician are being treated.
Pinkeye,Doctor,[á la James Stewart] Very interesting.
Pinkeye,Mortician,"What, what is it doc?"
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Well, your- your temperature is only 55 degrees, you have no pulse, no heartbeat, and your, your eyes are all puffy and sticky."
Pinkeye,Mortician,"Oh no, you mean..."
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Yeah, I'm afraid the two of you have - Pink Eye."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Marty and the mortician gasp.
Pinkeye,Doctor,"I'd give you topical medicine, but I don't wanna touch ya."
Pinkeye,Marty,"Oh I'm so hungry, and all I can think about eating is, eh, brains!"
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Yeah, well for God sake don't touch your eyes. I'll prescribe some antibiotics."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The boys are walking into class.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Just wait till everyone sees my sweet Chewbacca costume. They're gonna be so jealous...
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The entire class has a Chewbacca mask on.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Pinkeye,Kyle,Everyone came as Chewbacca?!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison is in drag, Mr. Hat has a Chewbacca mask on."
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,It sure does seem to be a popular costume this year Kyle.
Pinkeye,Mr. Hat,Roar.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle throws off his mask.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Dammit!
Pinkeye,Stan,Wendy?
Pinkeye,Wendy,"Hi, Stan."
Pinkeye,Stan,"You said we were going to be Raggedy Ann and Andy, remember?"
Pinkeye,Wendy,Yeahhh?
Pinkeye,Stan,We were going to enter the costume contest as a pair.
Pinkeye,Wendy,"I know, but then... I guess I just realized how stupid we would look."
Pinkeye,Stan,You what?!
Pinkeye,Wendy,"I thought you would reach the same conclusion, so, I came as Chewbacca."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan bangs his head against a desk.
Pinkeye,Bill,Heheh. Heheh.
Pinkeye,Fosse,"Hey Stan, you look almost pretty enough to kiss."
Pinkeye,Bill,"Yeah, you want to be my girlfriend? Huhuh."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan bangs his head again.
Pinkeye,Fosse,Yehaha.
Pinkeye,Bill,Huhuh.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"There, you see? All of a sudden, my costume is pretty badass, huh?"
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Dude, dressing up like Hitler is not badass!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,You're just jealous! Why don't you go back to Endor you stupid wookie?!
Pinkeye,Kyle,Wookies don't live on Endor!
Pinkeye,Cartman,[In a mocking voice.] Wookies don't live on Endor.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Well at least my mom's not on the cover of Crack Whore magazine!
Pinkeye,Cartman,What?! What did you say?
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"Okay now, all you little Chewbaccas take your seats. Children, since today is Halloween, I thought we should learn something about the great horror writer, Jackie Collins. You see, when Jackie Collins first wrote her novel-"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny's arm falls off and Mr. Garrison stops.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Wendy looks down at it.
Pinkeye,Wendy,Eww.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,Is there a problem Kenny?
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Silence.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"Let's try to keep our hands and arms to ourselves, okay?"
Pinkeye,Kyle,I'm never gonna win that two tons of candy looking like everybody else!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"In front of Cartman's House. Liane is decorating the house and yard, and she sings..."
Pinkeye,Liane,"Oooh, I'm gonna decorate the house for Halloween, with scary ghosts and bats and creepy crawly things..."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"She places a poster of Richard Nixon (aka Tricky Dick) on the door. Two zombies, formerly the mortician and Marty, pass by."
Pinkeye,Liane,Hello there!
Pinkeye,Zombie,Uuuhh.
Pinkeye,Liane,Happy Halloween!
Pinkeye,Zombie Mortician,Must eat brains.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"They attack a passer by, eating his brains and tearing his arms off."
Pinkeye,Liane,"It's the most wonderful time of the year, do do do do do do do do-"
Pinkeye,Passer-by,Aaargh!!! Oh my God!!!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The zombies finish him off.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,School Cafeteria.
Pinkeye,Kyle,I'm gonna make a new costume during recess. I can still win that candy.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Hey Kenny, are you gonna eat your pudding? [As Kenny.] No Eric, go ahead and take my pudding, if you'd like. [As himself.] Why thank you Kenny. How nice of you."
Pinkeye,Kyle,Aren't you hungry Kenny?
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny just sits there.
Pinkeye,Stan,"He hasn't moved an inch, or said anything."
Pinkeye,Chef,"Hello, children."
Pinkeye,"Kyle, Stan","Hey, Chef."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef notices Cartman's Hitler costume.
Pinkeye,Chef,What in the hell are you doing dressed up like that?!
Pinkeye,Cartman,Eating Kenny's pudding.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Principal Victoria walks up.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Hello there, children. Ooh, love the Elvis costume, Chef."
Pinkeye,Chef,Elvis? I'm Evel Knievel. Why the hell would I dress up like Elvis?
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Well, why the hell would you dress up like Evel Knievel?"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,She turns to the boys.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Anyway, I hope that you kids are-Daagh!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Noticing Cartman's costume.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,Eric! God bless it! what do you think you're doing?!
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Hey, he said I could have his pudding! Ask him yourself."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"As Kenny, poking the side of Kenny's head with a fork for effect."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"That's right, Principal Victoria. It's okay with me because Eric is cool."
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Where did you get that costume, young man?!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,"My mom made it. Sieg Heil, Sieg Heil!"
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Sshh! Oh, God bless America."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,She grabs Cartman's shoulder; he starts screaming.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,You get into my office before anyone else sees you. I have to show you an educational video.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Eeehh, I don't want to see a educational video-o."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Principal Victoria drags him from the table. Clyde enters the cafeteria with his lunch, and Kenny turns toward him and bites him on the arm."
Pinkeye,Clyde,"Owww, you bit my arm!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Clyde's arm begins to throb and glow.
Pinkeye,Kyle,"[Pleased.] Oh, good. Kenny's back to normal."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Principal Victoria's office.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,Watch the video Eric.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,She starts up the VCR. Adolf Hitler is shown and several Nazi soldiers are passing by with guns.
Pinkeye,Narrator,"Adolph Hitler was a very, very naughty man!"
Pinkeye,Adolf Hitler,Schnell ach. Lovental bros lieben. Alle Menschen werden Brüder. Doktor Stalin? Alarm! Menchoss? Zellan vei zamboa-
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Cartman begins daydreaming of himself as Hitler.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Juden est verboten, a den ascriber utz, kapieda hockuh. Juden est verboten, God dammit!"
Pinkeye,Puffy the Bear,"So remember kids, dressing like Hitler in school isn't cool!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Principal Victoria turns off the TV.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Now, do you have any questions?"
Pinkeye,Cartman,[Gleefully.] Could I see that again? That was cool.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"You must remove that costume, immediately!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,"I can't, I have to win those two tons of candy."
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Well, how about we make you a new costume. Let's see now."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,She spies a white sheet behind Cartman.
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Aha, thought of something. How about we make you a nice scary ghost costume?"
Pinkeye,Cartman,[Whining.] I don't wanna be a stupid scary ghost!
Pinkeye,Principal Victoria,"Aaand, let me just make a few quickie alterations, and there ya go, young man."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Cartman looks suspiciously like a Ku Klux Klan member.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,South Park Street. Pack of zombies walks down the street. A pair of joggers are jogging.
Pinkeye,Jogger,"Ho, looks like they got a touch of that pink eye that's going around."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"The zombies attack the joggers, who scream for their lives."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"School gym, the costume contest is about to start."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Boo! I'm a ghost.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Oh man, I feel like a total choad."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Aw, come on Stan, maybe that's just because you look like a total choad."
Pinkeye,Chef,"Hello, children."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Hey Chef.
Pinkeye,Chef,Aaaaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef runs away
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Whoa, Chef's really scared of ghosts, huh?"
Pinkeye,Stan,"Hey, where's Kyle?"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle bursts in through the doors.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Check this out!
Pinkeye,Stan,"Whoa, dude!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,What is that?
Pinkeye,Kyle,I'm the whole solar system! The planets even all revolve the right way. That tub of candy is as good as mine!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison blows a whistle.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, let's get you lined up so the judge can get a good look at your stupid little costumes."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,They line up on the stage.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"Children, this year we have a celebrity judge, the star of 'Family Ties', Miss Tina Yothers."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Some scattered applause.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Who?
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Dude, I thought she was dead."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Yeah, me too."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Tina hands Mr. Garrison the results.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you Miss Yothers. Okay, the second place award for best costume goes to... Kenny, for his Edward James Olmos costume."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Tina places a second place ribbon on Kenny.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"...And the award for the very best costume goes to... Wendy, for her Chewbacca costume!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Tina places a first place ribbon on Wendy.
Pinkeye,Kyle,"What?! But she looks just like everybody else. Up yours, Tina Yothers!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Tina looks on shocked.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"And the award for worst costume this year goes to... Stan, for his stupid little clown thing costume. Let's all point at Stan and laugh, children. [Everyone laughs.] Yeah."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Thanks a lot, Wendy! You ruined my Halloween!"
Pinkeye,Wendy,Relax Stan. You'll feel better once we're out trick-or-treating.
Pinkeye,Stan,I don't wanna trick-or-treat with you. You lied to me.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children. Let's all gather around and bob for stupid apples now. You go first, Bebe."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Bebe begins bobbing for apples.
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,"That's good, just use those mouth muscles like the girls in Beijing."
Pinkeye,Clyde,Brainnns. Ahh.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Clyde attacks Bebe, attempting to eat her brains."
Pinkeye,Mr. Garrison,Wait your turn Clyde.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Outside Chef's House. Somebody jumps out from behind a bush.
Pinkeye,Johnson,Uuuuuuuuuuuuuhh!
Pinkeye,Chef,"Ah! Damn Johnson, what the hell's gotten into you?"
Pinkeye,Johnson,Piiink eyyye.
Pinkeye,Chef,Get the hell out of here Johnson! I don't want no god damn pink eye!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef closes the door and sits down to watch TV.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"News 4 Special Report, referring to Mir's crash landing."
Pinkeye,Tom,"...And the President responded to the incident by saying, quote, ""Screw those Commie bastards, and screw their little wussy space station."""
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The backdrop shifts to a pair of pink eyes.
Pinkeye,Tom,"In other news, a pink eye epidemic is now sweeping the town of South Park. Here with a live report is a midget wearing a bikini."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Cut to Midget, behind which zombies are shown ransacking the town."
Pinkeye,Midget,"Thanks Tom, already more than half the townspeople here in South Park have been infected with the pink eye virus."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Zombies are shown attacking another townsperson, and generally ransacking South Park."
Pinkeye,Midget,"Symptoms include a complete loss of heart functions, blood pressure, lung activity, and of course, sticky puffy eyes."
Pinkeye,Chef,Pink eye my ass. I've seen this kind of thing before.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"At the bus stop, nighttime."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Where the hell is Kyle, we don't have all night to wait for him."
Pinkeye,Stan,I bet I get more candy than you dude.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Are you crazy?! I'm the candy master.
Pinkeye,Stan,"No, no, you're the ass master, there's a difference."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Hey, I'm not the one who walked around all day looking like Pippi Longstocking."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Oh yeah? Well, at least my mom's not on the cover of Crack Whore magazine!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,"God damn it, my mom is not on the cover of Crack Whore magazine!!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle arrives dressed as a vampire.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Hey dudes.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Oh, good, you're here. Now let's make sure we got everything. Flashlight..."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Check.
Pinkeye,Stan,Plastic pumpkin pails...
Pinkeye,Kyle,Check.
Pinkeye,Stan,Taser...
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan lights it up.
Pinkeye,Kyle,What's that?
Pinkeye,Stan,"For shocking people who try to give us granola treats, or something."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Yeah, granola pisses me off."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny arrives.
Pinkeye,"Kyle, Stan",Hey Kenny.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Whew! Eh, you stink Kenny."
Pinkeye,Kyle,You still didn't get a costume Kenny?
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Silence.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Eh, too bad drinking scotch isn't a paying job, or else Kenny's dad would be a millionaire."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Silence.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"I said your dad would be a millionaire, get it?! Kenny?! Your family is poor Kenny!! Your family's poor!!!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Silence.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"I don't like Kenny anymore, he, he just doesn't communicate."
Pinkeye,Wendy,Hi guys.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Hi Wendy.
Pinkeye,Stan,[Pointedly.] How's your barrel full of candy Wendy?
Pinkeye,Wendy,"Oh, I didn't want all that sweet stuff. I gave it away to hungry children in Nairobi."
Pinkeye,Cartman,You what?! Are you insane?!
Pinkeye,Wendy,Let's go trick-or-treats.
Pinkeye,Stan,"I don't think so Wendy, I think you've had enough candy for one day."
Pinkeye,Wendy,"Stan, I'm awful sorry you got dressed up like Raggedy Andy. Please don't be mad."
Pinkeye,Cartman,How can he be mad with such pretty hair and rosy cheeks?
Pinkeye,Stan,"Trick-or-treat with yourself, Wendy!"
Pinkeye,Wendy,But Stan!
Pinkeye,Stan,"No buts, Wendy! I wish you were dead!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The boys walk away. Wendy looks dejected. A low moan is heard and a shadow overcomes her.
Pinkeye,Wendy,AAAAAAAAAAAH!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,South Park Clinic. A patient turns to the side and coughs.
Pinkeye,Chef,Doctor!
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Why, hello Chef. Let me guess, pink eye, right?"
Pinkeye,Chef,"No, no doctor, I've seen this type of thing before. This ain't no pink eye, it's the living dead."
Pinkeye,Doctor,What the hell are you talking about?
Pinkeye,Chef,"Think about it: Dead people getting up and walking around, and Tina Yothers comin' to town? Coincidence?? Oooh I don't think so!"
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Chef, Ah- I think maybe the pink eye has made you a little delirious. Le- let me give you some, some topical cream."
Pinkeye,Chef,"Damn it, don't you see? These people have been thematized. They got no heartbeat, no feeling. I'll show you. Errr!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef tears off Mr. Torres' arm. Mr. Torres is gushing blood.
Pinkeye,Mr. Torres,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Uhh, Mr. Torres was here for a routine check-up Chef."
Pinkeye,Chef,"Oh, sorry."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef tries to replace Mr. Torres' arm.
Pinkeye,Chef,"But my point is, that topical cream ain't gonna fix what's wrong here."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Mr. Torres falls over, in shock from blood loss."
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Hey hey, now, now, there, there have been a lot of incredible advances in topical creams over the last few years."
Pinkeye,Chef,"Doctor, who is the first person to come in here with the sickness?"
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Well, uh, i- it was the mortician and his assistant at the morgue, yeah."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Zombies burst through the doctor's door.
Pinkeye,Chef,Aaaaaaaaaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef leaps out the doctor's window as zombies close in on the doctor.
Pinkeye,Doctor,"Now, now, now let's, let's form a line, I've got enough topical cream for everybody."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,They attack.
Pinkeye,Doctor,Ahh!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,In front of a House. The kids ring the doorbell.
Pinkeye,The Boys,Trick-or-treat!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny's other arm falls off.
Pinkeye,Elderly Woman,"Ohh, how cute."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Reaches to place candy in Cartman's pail. Kenny attacks her arm with a vengeance.
Pinkeye,Elderly Woman,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Stan,"Dude, Kenny!"
Pinkeye,Elderly Woman,"Oh, My God! Call 911, call 911!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,She retreats and shuts the door.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Nice going Kenny, she was about to give us candy."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,From inside her home.
Pinkeye,Elderly Woman,Call 911!
Pinkeye,Stan,"Yeah, she had Sweetie Pops."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"You owe me a Sweetie Pop, asshole!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,City Hall. Chef bursts into the Mayor's office.
Pinkeye,Chef,"Mayor, we've got a big problem."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"There is a pile of money on the Mayor's desk. Barbrady is presently wearing a garter and fishnet stockings. The Mayor stands up, her blouse in disarray."
Pinkeye,Mayor McDaniels,Ugh!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Gets up from under her desk.
Pinkeye,Mayor McDaniels,"Why, why Chef. What a surprise!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef lets out a sigh of exasperation.
Pinkeye,Officer Barbrady,You're probably wondering why we're standing here with a pile of money and no pants on.
Pinkeye,Chef,"Actually, uh-"
Pinkeye,Mayor,"Well, I can assure you that it has absolutely nothing to do with the Japanese Mafia."
Pinkeye,Officer Barbrady,[Wagging his finger.] Not a thingy-dingy.
Pinkeye,Chef,I don't really give a crap! We've got to do something about the living dead!
Pinkeye,Mayor McDaniels,"You mean, Tina Yothers?"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Barbrady and McDaniels chortle.
Pinkeye,Chef,"No, dammit! I'm talking about the zombies that have taken over South Park!"
Pinkeye,Officer Barbrady,"Well, Evel Knievel, why don't you jump over them with your rocket cycle?"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Barbrady and McDaniels laugh.
Pinkeye,Chef,"[Pissed.] Aw, the hell with you both!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,leaves the office.
Pinkeye,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, let's get back to it."
Pinkeye,Officer Barbrady,Righty-o.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The Mayor lies down behind the desk.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Another House, another doorbell. A large individual opens the door."
Pinkeye,The Boys,Trick-or-treat.
Pinkeye,Dude,Hope you kids like chocolate-peanut butter-cream puffies.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny attacks his shoulder.
Pinkeye,Dude,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kenny is literally feasting on this guy. The guy twirls around as he says.
Pinkeye,Dude,Get it off! Get it off me!! Gaaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"He falls down, Kenny takes chunks out of his skull and eats them."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Damn it! We'll never get any candy if Kenny keeps eating people!
Pinkeye,Stan,"Yeah! That's it Kenny, you can't trick-or-treat with us anymore!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The boys pass by a house being overrun by zombies.
Pinkeye,Somebody,"Oh, God!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Yet another house, yet another bell. Three KKK guys open the door."
Pinkeye,The Boys,Trick-or-treat.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,the Klansmen stare back.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Heyy. They're all dressed up like ghosts too.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,One of the guys places a single candy in Cartman's pail.
Pinkeye,Cartman,One Tootie Bar? You cheap bastards!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Cartman, Kyle, and Stan walk through downtown South Park. Zombies are tearing up the town. Ned and Jimbo can be seen on a rooftop firing at the zombies. Two zombies are playing hot potato with a head."
Pinkeye,Female,Oh my God!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,A person off to the left is decapitated.
Pinkeye,Female,Oh my God!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,A zombie picks up a car and drops it on a child.
Pinkeye,Female,Nooo!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Chef's House, and the boys ring his bell."
Pinkeye,The Boys,Trick-or-t-Aaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef appears with two chainsaws in hand.
Pinkeye,Chef,Get off my property you brain eatin' zombie bastards!
Pinkeye,The Boys,"Hey, Chef, trick-"
Pinkeye,"Stan, Kyle",Chef! No!
Pinkeye,Chef,"[Suddenly calm.] Oh, sorry children. I thought you were one of them."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Can we have some candy now please?!
Pinkeye,Chef,"Damn it boy, what in the hell are you doin' dressed up like that?!"
Pinkeye,Cartman,I'm trying to trick-or-treat God dammit!
Pinkeye,Chef,"Remind me to whup your ass good next time I see ya. Now, get in here before those zombies getcha!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The kids enter and sit on his sofa.
Pinkeye,Stan,What are you talking about Chef?
Pinkeye,Chef,Zombies children. South Park is overrun with the living dead. Haven't you noticed anything strange lately?
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Well, not really, except that Kenny keeps eating people's brains."
Pinkeye,Chef,"Don't you children see, Kenny's turned into a zombie. Along with everyone else in town."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Oh my God, that means..."
Pinkeye,Kyle,If everyone is turned into zombies...
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Then, there won't be anyone to give us candy!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle gasp.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Chef, you've gotta help us!"
Pinkeye,Chef,I'm working on it children.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Packs the chainsaw.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Wait, where are we going?"
Pinkeye,Chef,"The doctor said the first people he treated were the mortician and his assistant. Now, I've gotta hunch we'll get to the bottom of this... at the morgue."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle farts. Stan and Cartman laugh.
Pinkeye,Cartman,It was Kyle.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,South Park Morgue.
Pinkeye,Stan,I don't know about this Chef.
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Yeah, I'm scared."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Remember candy, focus on the candy."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Inside the Morgue.
Pinkeye,Stan,What are we doing here Chef?
Pinkeye,Chef,Just look for anything suspicious.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle looks around the desk.
Pinkeye,Kyle,I found it! I found it!
Pinkeye,Stan,What?
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"holding up an issue of Crack Whore magazine, with Liane Cartman on the cover."
Pinkeye,Kyle,"See Cartman, your mom is on the cover."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Eh, shit..."
Pinkeye,Stan,We told you dude.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"You guys, shit..."
Pinkeye,Chef,You better let me take that Kyle.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef takes the magazine.
Pinkeye,Stan,Hey Chef. Look
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Stan and Chef see the embalming fluid, and the knocked over Worcestershire sauce bottle. Chef retrieves the bottle and reads the label, which says: WARNING! Not to be used as embalming fluid! Emergency Hotline 1-800-555-5633"
Pinkeye,Chef,I gotta call this hotline number children.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Pip bursts through a window.
Pinkeye,Pip,Piiink eye!
Pinkeye,Cartman,It's the British kid! He's a little limey zombie now!
Pinkeye,Pip,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,More zombies are bursting into the Morgue.
Pinkeye,Chef,Look out children!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Four zombies break through a wall. One comes out from a file cabinet. One stands in front of the boys and threatens them. Four more come through the wall next to the window, followed by Kenny. Stan pummels the threatening zombie with a baseball bat and takes him out."
Pinkeye,Zombie,"Ow, ooh, ow, gowuh-"
Pinkeye,Stan,"Okay Chef, dial the hotline number. Chef?"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"He looks to his right and sees that Chef is now a zombie, dressed like Michael Jackson in the ""Thriller"" video."
Pinkeye,Kyle,Chef!!!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"He begins to dance, and the zombies join him. During the song, the zombies are dancing, as though elaborately choreographed."
Pinkeye,Chef,"I'm gonna make love, even when I'm dead. My body might get cold, but it's always hot in my bed. Make looove, don't you be afraid; Just because my heart ain't beatin', it don't mean you won't get laid."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Wolf howl, then Chef lets loose a howl."
Pinkeye,Stan,Let's get out of here!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,The boys leave.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Chef opens his jacket.
Pinkeye,Chef,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,In the cemetery by the morgue.
Pinkeye,Stan,We gotta call that Worcecestershire sauce hotline.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Hey, there's a pay phone!"
Pinkeye,Stan,You call the number Kyle.
Pinkeye,Kyle,But the zombies are coming!
Pinkeye,Stan,We'll hold 'em off.
Pinkeye,Hotline Voice,"Welcome to the Worcestershire Sauce customer service hotline. For Worcestershire sauce recipes please press 1 followed by the pound sign. For Worcestershire sauce product placement, please press 2. If Worcestershire sauce has been used as embalming, please pr..."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle quickly presses 3 while Stan and Cartman are both wielding chainsaws and being surrounded by zombies.
Pinkeye,Cartman,Nobody screws up my trick-or-treats and gets away with it!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,He removes the head and arm from one zombie.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Aaah, kew!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan removes the heads from two zombies at once.
Pinkeye,Stan,Sweet!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,More zombies surround Stan and Cartman. Zombie Chef is distracted by the issue of Crack Whore Magazine.
Pinkeye,Hotline Voice,"Worcestershire sauce emergency hotline, this call might be monitored to ensure you the highest quality service, how may I help you?"
Pinkeye,Kyle,There's a bunch of zombies here!
Pinkeye,Hotline Voice,Please hold.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Stan and Cartman are laying into zombies, heads are flying everywhere. Cartman takes one zombie in the groin while Stan is shown removing the head from another. Wendy approaches, Stan turns to see who's next."
Pinkeye,Stan,Wendy?
Pinkeye,Wendy,Aaahahah!
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Finish her dude, she's a zombie now!"
Pinkeye,Stan,"I know, but uh-... but..."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Come on Stan! Remember how she dissed you at the costume contest?
Pinkeye,Stan,"Hey, yeah!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Stan starts revving the chainsaw.
Pinkeye,Hotline Voice,"For regular sauce, the first thing you need to do is make sure that you do not just go out and start decapitating zombies left and right. Do you understand? Do not start decapitating zombies left and right!"
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Uh, okay. Then what?"
Pinkeye,Wendy,Aaahh.
Pinkeye,Stan,"[Apologetically.] Wendy, I know we had a fight, and I did wish you were dead, but, I didn't mean it."
Pinkeye,Cartman,Kill her Stan!
Pinkeye,Hotline Voice,"All you have to do is kill the original zombie. The one that started the whole mess. Once you kill the original zombie, all the others zombies will turn back to normal."
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Original zombie? Well, how the hell do we know who the original zombie is?!"
Pinkeye,Hotline Voice,"We realize you have a choice in worcestershire sauces, we are delighted that..."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle hangs up and stops.
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Wait a minute, that thing landed on Kenny, and they took him to the mortuary."
Pinkeye,Wendy,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Stan,"I, I can't."
Pinkeye,Wendy,Aaah!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Kyle runs in with a third chain saw and cuts Kenny in half.
Pinkeye,Kyle,Oh my God! I killed Kenny! You bastard!
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Wendy's zombie look fades.
Pinkeye,Wendy,"Oh, what happened? Stan?"
Pinkeye,Stan,Don't worry babe. Everything's going to be okay.
Pinkeye,Kyle,It's working! They're turning back to normal.
Pinkeye,Chef,You did it children!
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Ok, let's go trick-or-treatin' now, come on!"
Pinkeye,Wendy,I'm sorry I dissed you at school like that Stan. I guess I just wasn't very considerate of your feelings.
Pinkeye,Stan,"That's okay Wendy, I'm sorry I wished you were dead."
Pinkeye,Wendy,Maybe we could actually kiss tonight Stan.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Puckers up. Stan freezes up and looks ill, then pukes on Wendy."
Pinkeye,Wendy,"Eww, gross Stan, sick! Barf is gross!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,She walks away. Stan just looks on.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,Cemetery. The boys are at Kenny's grave. Somber music is playing.
Pinkeye,Stan,"Oh man, I can't believe he's gone."
Pinkeye,Kyle,"Yeah, he was too young to be taken from us."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Dude, you're the one who cut him in half with a chain saw."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Let, let us remember the good times, Kenny would have wanted it that way."
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Cartman begins to sob uncontrollably. Kyle tries to console him, but refrains."
Pinkeye,Stan,"You know, I've really learned something today. Halloween isn't about costumes, or candy. It's about being good to one another, and giving and loving."
Pinkeye,Kyle,"...No, dude, that's Christmas."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Oh, then, what's Halloween about?"
Pinkeye,Kyle,Costumes and candy.
Pinkeye,Stan,Oh.
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Cartman still wailing, then abruptly snaps out of it."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Well, let's go home, start eating that candy."
Pinkeye,Kyle,"We can eat it at Cartman's house, and see more naughty pictures of his mom."
Pinkeye,Stan,Yeah.
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Knock it off you guys, she said she was young, and needed the money."
Pinkeye,Stan,"Cartman, those pictures were taken like, last month."
Pinkeye,Cartman,"Lehh, eh, screw you guys!"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,"Somber music plays again. Zoom in on Kenny's grave. Weird music plays as Kenny, newly sewn together, bursts from the grave."
Pinkeye,Kenny,"(Heeeeyyyy, kick ass.)"
Pinkeye,Scene Description,A statue of an angel falls on Kenny.
Pinkeye,Kenny,(Ow!)
Pinkeye,Scene Description,A moment later an airplane crashes into Kenny and the statue.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Cartman's House. The boys are watching television and laughing.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,That was awesome!
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Yeah!
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,Would you boys like some Cheesy Poofs?
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Get out of the way mah! The Terrance and Phillip Thanksgiving Special is on.
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,Sure hon.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"And yeah, we want Cheesy Poofs!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip have just landed.
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,Hey Terrance! Looks like this might be a good place to start a new colony.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,It sure does Phillip. No one will oppress our religion here.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Farts.
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,AAAAAH!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Laughter. The boys are now enjoying their Cheesy Poofs.
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,Aaah! You stained my pilgrim hat butt-pipe!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Did you guys see that? That was sweet.
Starvin' Marvin,TV announcer,"Coming up next on the Terrance and Phillip Thanksgiving Special, Phillip farts on Terrance, and laughs."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Oh, cool."
Starvin' Marvin,TV announcer,And now a word from our sponsor.
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,"Here in the heart of Africa children are dying. Not from disease or war, but from hunger. I'm Sally Struthers. These children are in desperate need, and only you can help."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Hey, who's that fat chick?"
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Sally Struthers, dude. She used to be on Full House."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Oh.
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,"You see, here, in the middle of Africa, food is extremely scarce."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Doesn't look like she's having any trouble finding food.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Yeah, she's fatter than Cartman."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Yeah, HEY!"
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,For just five dollars a month you can sponsor a child.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"That's stupid, who the hell would want to do that?"
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,Sponsor now and we'll also send you this Teiko digital sports watch as a free gift.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,KICK ASS!!
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,SWEET!
Starvin' Marvin,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,I'll call. I know my mom's credit card number.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Stan dials up the number.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Did they say if it's waterproof?
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Hello? Is this Sally Struthers?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Listens for the answer.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Oh.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,What did she say?
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Shut up butt-pirate, I'm trying to hear."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Ass-rammer.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Yeah? Yeah. We want to adopt a starving Ethernopian.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,When do we get the sports watch?
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Just a second fat-ass!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,You vas-deferens!
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Hello? No, no, it's a ma- [To his friends, confused.] Vas-deferens?"
Starvin' Marvin,Kenny,"(Dude, it's a pipe for your peepee)"
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Oh.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Ask her if we get the watch right away.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Do we get the sports watch right away?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Pause.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,She says we do.
Starvin' Marvin,All,Cool.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"I get to wear it first, you guys."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's Classroom.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,I can't wait to get out of school and get our Teiko sports watch.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Yeah, but I get to wear it first, I said."
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Children, children! To honor this special time of year we'll be doing a canned food drive. Does anybody know what a canned food drive is?"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Cartman raises his hand.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Yes, Eric?"
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,When they cut up a chick's stomach to get a baby out?
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Noo, that's a Caesarian Section Eric, but that's okay, remember, there are no stupid questions, just stupid people."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Eric listens.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,A canned food drive is when we collect canned food for poor people who can't afford to eat on Thanksgiving.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"You mean, like Kenny?"
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,Exactly.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Mr. Garrison? Why do poor people always smell like sour milk?
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"[Impatiently.] I don't know Eric, they just do."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kyle sniffs at Kenny. Kenny withdraws.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Now children, I want each of you to bring in one can of food. And later, the mayor of South Park will divide it up amongst Kenny's family and other poor people."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"I'm not bringin' in food for poor people, Screw them!"
Starvin' Marvin,Wendy,Don't you want to help those who are less fortunate?!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Hey you guys, do you hear something?! Ah- I think I hear the flower children calling!"
Starvin' Marvin,Wendy,This is the one time of year you're supposed to care about people who can't eat!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Isn't it enough that I pay taxes?! What about the poor houses that, that I pay for?!"
Starvin' Marvin,Wendy,Many would rather die than go to those places!
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Well then, perhaps they should, and decrease the surplus population!"
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Okay kids, that's enough Dickens for one day. Let's get on with our lesson, right Mr. Hat?"
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Hat,"That's right, Mr. Garrison, Englebert Humperdink was the first person on the moon, who was the second?"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A pack of wild turkeys burst into the classroom.
Starvin' Marvin,Clyde,Aaaah!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison climbs atop his desk.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,What the hell is going on?!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The turkeys are tearing up the classroom. One of them rips up a Thanksgiving poster and takes it with him.
Starvin' Marvin,Clyde,Aaaah!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"A turkey overturns Clyde's desk, dumping Clyde on the ground. Some others vandalize the blackboard. Just as suddenly as they entered, the turkeys exit, closing the door behind them. Silence ensues."
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Well, you don't see that everyday."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,City Hall.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Okay. Now, once we have all the canned foods collected we'll need some clever way to distribute them to the poor."
Starvin' Marvin,Aide 2,It should be something festive.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mephesto and Kevin burst into the office.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"Mayor, we've got a very big problem."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Ahh, you're that insane genetic engineer from up on the hill, right?"
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"Yes, and I may have made a horrible mistake. I was trying to genetically engineer turkeys for Thanksgiving."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,[Warily.] Uh huh.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"You know, to provide food for the needy."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,[Sarcastically.] Of course.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Aide 1 glances at her.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"Well, something went wrong and the turkeys broke free. And the worst part is, they're REALLY pissed off."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mayor McDaniels twirls her chair around and twirls her finger 'round her ear.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Naturally.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Her aides snicker, then she turns again."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh, do go on."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"We have to stop them or, or they could destroy everything. Time is short."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Mayor McDaniels turns around and pulls out a cuckoo clock, which chimes a couple of times. Her aides snicker. Aide 2 has his ears wiggling. She puts the clock away and the aide stops his ears."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mayor McDaniels faces Mephesto again.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,You were saying?
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"They act just like normal turkeys, except they're evil."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"[With feigned shock.] Oh, my!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Turns around and pulls out a donkey, which heehaws a couple of times. Her aides chuckle."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mephesto having observed how the Mayor was reacting to him.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,Somehow I don't think you're taking me seriously.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Uh now why would you say that?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Cartman's house. The kids burst through the front door.
Starvin' Marvin,Everybody,Did it come? Did it come? Is it here yet?
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"I get to use it first you guys! Mom, did our digital sports watch come yet?"
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,[Peeks.] Not yet hon.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,Damn.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Hey, look you guys."
Starvin' Marvin,TV announcer,"And now, back to Part 2 of the Terrance and Phillip Thanksgiving Special."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,They are in a snowed-in town.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"I sure am cold, Phillip."
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,"Yes, and hungry too. Being a pilgrim totally sucks ass."
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"Gosh, I hope we don't starve."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Phillip farts a high one and Terrance laughs.
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,"Ah, a squeaker!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The boys laugh and then the doorbell rings, and a couple of knocks follow. The boys stand stiff not knowing what to do until..."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kyle bolts to the door.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,The digital sports watch is here.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The kids open the door smiling in anticipation. An emaciated Ethiopian kid stands looking back at them, with baggage in hand. Their smiles turn into surprises. The postal truck takes off."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,What the hell?
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Dude, that's not a digital sports watch."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Hey, it looks like one of those Etheropians."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Oh man, they must have accidentally sent him instead of the sports watch."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Maybe they took it literally when we said we wanted to adopt a kid.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The Ethiopian 'speaks' and clicks something.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Whoa! That was cool.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Yeah, how did he make those clicking sounds?"
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,What's your name dude?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The Ethiopian kid clicks something ending with,"
Starvin' Marvin,Kid,Mabin.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,I think he said his name is Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Yeah, Starvin' Marvin."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kyle steps out with Stan and shakes Marvin's hand.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Nice to meet you Starvin' Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Hey mooom?
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,Yes hon?
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"We found a Etheropian, can we keep him?"
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,"Sure, hon."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Sweet.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Cartman steps outside with Kenny.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Dude, let's bring him to school tomorrow."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Come on Starvin' Marvin, I want you to meet my little brother."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,No no! He's my son! I adopted him.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,It was my mom's credit card.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Okay, okay, wewe'll switch off. Starvin' Marvin can stay here for a week, then at Stan's, then with me."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Yeah, and never with Kenny, because his family is too poor."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Totally.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Kenny slugs Cartman.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Ahh!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Stark's Pond. A couple is walking near the pond. Romantic music is playing.
Starvin' Marvin,Woman,Look how the leaves fall so delicately on the surface of the pond. It's so beautiful.
Starvin' Marvin,Man,Not as beautiful as you.
Starvin' Marvin,Woman,[Swooning.] Ooooh.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The couple embraces and kisses as a horde of turkeys storm the pond. The guy hears them and looks over her shoulder.
Starvin' Marvin,Man,"Oh darling, look. Thanksgiving turkeys."
Starvin' Marvin,Woman,"Oohh, they're so beautiful."
Starvin' Marvin,Man,Not as beautiful as you.
Starvin' Marvin,Woman,"Look at the way they foam at the mouth, like beautiful suds of beer."
Starvin' Marvin,Man,Not as beautiful as-
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"The turkeys attack the couple, stripping their clothes off. Screams are heard as the turkeys overwhelm the couple."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,King Jimmy's All You Can Eat Buffet. The price is right. The boys and their families are there with Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,This is a great way for you to experience America Starvin' Marvin. This is what we call an 'all you can eat buffet.'
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Yeah. Here you get to eat all you want for only $6.99. That's why we all come here on Tuesday nights, except for Kenny's family 'cause to them $6.99 is two-years income."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The crowd laughs.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,Why is your family poor Starvin' Marvin? Is your dad an alcoholic too?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A waiter places a plate of shrimp in front of Cartman.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"You see Starvin' Marvin, these are what we call appetizers."
Starvin' Marvin,Marvin,Ap-ee-tizer.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"This is what you eat before you eat, to make you more hungry."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"A waiter approaches with plates of ham, turkey, and drumsticks."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Welp, food is here, that's it for the appetizers."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"He tosses the plate of shrimp into a trash can. The shrimp don't make it in. He, Liane, and Stan work on the drumsticks, Randy slices into the turkey, and Kyle is slicing some ham for himself (!). Marvin reaches for a pot-pie on Cartman's plate."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"No Starvin' Marvin, that's my pot-pie."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Cartman, you butt-pipe, this is the time of year you're supposed to share."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Oh yeah, you're right."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,eyes a slice of pie sitting before Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Are you gonna eat all of your peach cobbler? No, you don't want all that, why don't you share it with me, man? [Heading to a whisper.] Just slide that right on over here. Let me just have some of that here..."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison's Classroom.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Children, children! I'm a little disappointed in your Thanksgiving spirit. Only a few cans have been donated to our canned food drive."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He reaches into the box of canned goods.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,And can't we do a little better than ... Creamed Corn ... uh ... Creamed Corn ... and ... Creamed Corn?
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The class stares back blankly.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,Please bring in more diverse food children or else Kenny's family is going to have a pretty corny Thanksgiving.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Silence. Mr. Garrison begins laughing.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Corny...Gravy...Corny Thanksgiving, hoo. Hahhaa. Anyway children, I understand a few of you have brought in something special for show-and-tell."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"Yeah, yeah, we do!"
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Yeah, that's right."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,We do!
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"All right boys, show us what you've brought."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The boys walk to the front of the class with Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"This is our new Ethernopian, Starvin' Marvin."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Marvin looks inside the food box.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,He can do really cool stuff with his voice. Show 'em Starvin' Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Marvin pulls out a can of food.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Cartman takes it away and puts it back.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"No, Starvin' Marvin, that's Kenny's creamed corn."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Marvin takes it back out.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"No Starvin' Marvin, that's a bad Starvin' Marvin!"
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Boys, what the hell are you doing?! This is horribly, horribly wrong. How did you get this child?"
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,He was accidentally delivered to us instead of a sports watch.
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,The sports watch from the commercial?
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Yeah, that one."
Starvin' Marvin,Bebe,I want a Starvin' Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Clyde,Me too.
Starvin' Marvin,Pip,"Yes, I'll pay fifty dollars for one."
Starvin' Marvin,Class,"Yeah, I want one too, yeah me, me."
Starvin' Marvin,Mr. Garrison,"Boys, you're too young to take care of a child! I'm afraid I'm going to have to call the Red Cross and have him returned."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,"Ah, I told you we shouldn't have brought him to school dude."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Principal Victoria's Office.
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,"Okay, thank you very much. Yes, you can pick him up tonight. Bye now."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,She hangs up the phone and addresses the boys.
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,"Now boys, I hope you've learned your lesson."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,No.
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,You can't care for this child!
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,But I thought we were supposed to care on Thanksgiving.
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,"Yes, but you don't actually get involved with the child's life. You're supposed to just send money, and once in a while they write you a letter. You see, Marvin didn't grow up in a normal place like South Park."
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,So why can't he live here now?
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,Because he can't!
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Because why?
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,Because eight-year olds can't be parents!
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Then you take care of him.
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,"[on the spot] I can't, I, umm...I'm very busy."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Silence.
Starvin' Marvin,Principal Victoria,"I send my five dollars a month, see?"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Demonstrating her Teiko watch.
Starvin' Marvin,Stan,"This sucks, Starvin' Marvin is our friend."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Oh well, back to the poor country with you."
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,You better watch what you say Cartman! You might be poor and hungry some day.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"B-huh, huh. Yeah, right."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Genetic Engineering Ranch.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,I knew that you were the only person who would listen to me Chef.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Yeah, well, let's get it over with. This place gives me the booboojeebees."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,Look here in my microscope; tell me what you see.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Uhh, I seee...an extreme close up of ...Vanessa Redgrave's private parts."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"Oh, whoops."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He quickly switches slides.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,Now tell me what you see.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Well, I'm no biologist, but I'd say it looks like turkey DNA."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"Precisely, but look how rapidly it's dividing."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,What does it mean?
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,"Means the turkeys are growing at an exponential rate. If we don't destroy them all, they'll take over the town. Maybe the world."
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Oh, fudge!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Chef ponders for a moment.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Uhh, let me see that Vanessa Redgrave thing again."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,Sure.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He switches slides again.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Cartman's house. Marvin is sitting alone on the couch watching TV. Secret service agents enter the house. Outside, a helicopter flies around with its searchlight on."
Starvin' Marvin,Agent 1,"Hello there little boy, we're looking for a starving African child who was accidentally sent here instead of a Teiko sports watch."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Marvin points towards Cartman's room. The agents go forth.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Hey, hey, what's going on?!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The agents have him in a duffle bag and are dragging him out of the house.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Hey, let go of me! God-! Ey! I'll kick you in the nuts. D'you hear me?!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Returning to Marvin.
Starvin' Marvin,Agent 1,"Here's your sports watch son, sorry for the mix-up."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Hey! Hey seriously! Hey, you're pissing me off, Starvin' Marvin!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A truck door closes.
Starvin' Marvin,Marvin,Sweet.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Outside the Library.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,So how does this thing work?
Starvin' Marvin,Aide,"Well mayor, it's based on the cash grab, but instead of money, the cans of food are blown around inside the capsule. The POV inside catches as many as he can to feed his family."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,POVVVV?
Starvin' Marvin,Aide,Poverty stricken citizen.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"Ohhoho, brilliant."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A horde of turkeys rush the square and attack a fake turkey and a Pilgrim hat.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,Daah!! What the hell is this!!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The turkeys go through the crowd attacking people.
Starvin' Marvin,Aide,"I don't know mayor, I don't think it's listed on the program."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Mephesto joins them.
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,They're increasing in number mayor. These are the vicious turkeys I warned you about.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"It's a, Ih-ihit's true mayor! Those turkeys just ripped apart my cafeteria!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A platoon of turkeys march by.
Starvin' Marvin,Chef,"Whooa! You won't get away with this, you bastards!"
Starvin' Marvin,Kyle,Wow! Those are some pissed off turkeys!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Mayor McDaniels, alarmed, steps up to the mic."
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"OKAY PEOPLE, DON'T PANIC! BRING OUT THE DEFENSE SQUAD!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Jimbo and Ned enter, armed with rifles. They start firing away, and turkeys go down left and right."
Starvin' Marvin,Mephesto,We need more than that! They'll only come back in increased numbers!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Cartman's House. Marvin is taking up Cartman's habits. On TV, Terrance and Phillip are reenacting the first Thanksgiving."
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"Hey Phillip, could you pass the beans?"
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,"Beans? Uh oh, looks like we'll be at war with these Indians soon."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Terrance attempts to squeeze one off.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"Huh, eh,"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Phillip offers to help.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,wait wait wait.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He tries some more.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"Eh, eh."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,And some more.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"Here it comes, ehhhh."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,A long squeeky fart bursts forth.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,"Daaaah, I crapped in my pants!"
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,Aaaah.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Laughter.
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,I think you got some spatter on Chief Running Wolf.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Laughter.
Starvin' Marvin,Terrance,I spattered his face!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Laughter.
Starvin' Marvin,Phillip,Now he's a smelly Indian.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Laughter.
Starvin' Marvin,TV announcer,"We'll be back to part 14 of the Terrance and Phillip Thanksgiving Special, right after this."
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,Hunger is an enemy that we all must fight. These children desperately need your support.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Cartman walking around in the background.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Hey, somebody get me out of here! This sucks!"
Starvin' Marvin,Sally Struthers,"So please, call and adopt a child today."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,I'm seriously getting pissed off over here!!
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,You want some more Cheesy Poofs hon?
Starvin' Marvin,Marvin,"Yeah, I want da Cheesy Poof."
Starvin' Marvin,Liane,Okay.
Starvin' Marvin,Marvin,Sweet.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,"Ethiopian Desert. A vulture is flying overhead, awaiting its next meal to die."
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Eh, This is serious bullshit! There has to be a Happy Burger around here somewhere."
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He approaches a group of Ethiopians.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Excuse me, I am a lost little boy, could you help me?"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,They stare back blankly.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,"Well, screw you too!"
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,Suddenly in a swarm of flies.
Starvin' Marvin,Cartman,What the?! Who the hell let all these flies in here?! Hasn't anybody ever heard of insect repellent?!
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,He walks away.
Starvin' Marvin,Scene Description,The Library. The B and second R have slipped a bit.
Starvin' Marvin,Mayor McDaniels,"All right everyone, it's time to give out canned food to the poor, haa."
