The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,A communist country run by a dictator named Fidel Castro.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"And do I have to shovel the whole driveway, or just the side the car is on?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,The whole thing.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Hoh, geez. [walks away]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, his bedroom, night. He's at his desk writing a letter. He's done his other chores"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Dear Mr. Castro: [thinks] I am an eight-year-old American boy who lives in South Park.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Centro Nacional de Cuba. Castro, flanked by an armed guard on each side, is at his desk reading Kyle's letter"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"And if I had just one wish, just one wish in the whole world, If I had one wish it'd be for Cuba to change. [Castro sees a drawing of a sad Kyle holding a flower, which fades to a sad Kyle writing his letter] Because I think that all the Cubans are in pain All the joy in the world, from sea to shining sea [Kyle finishes a drawing of a sad rainbow coalition atop a world globe] Doesn't mean a thing if Cubans aren't free [Castro see a drawing of a sad Kyle inside a small house] I just can't be very happy, that's certain [A picture of Kyle replaces his self-portrait on the paper] Not as long as your Cubans are hurtin' [Kyle finishes one last drawing of himself, which Castro sees last] Oh, won't you search your soul and find a way to change your mind? That is my one and only wish."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Castro,¡¡Llamen a todos junto!!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, living room, next day. He and his parents watch TV and a news brief comes on. Kyle smiles, his parents are stunned"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Reporter,"Once again, this does mark the end of Communism in Cuba. Cuban dictator Fidel Castro claims he was finally convinced by a young boy's letter. [A shot of Kyle behind a wooden fence comes up] Now the country is again open to American tourism. [shot of Sheila and Gerald stunned] Plans can finally resume for Knott's Berry Farm Cuba. [Sheila and Gerald look at each other]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,[exults] I did it! Now I can go to the Raging Pussies!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,No you can't!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"[wounded, turns] What??"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Kyle, your mother and I don't want you going to the Raging Pussies concert! We gave you a chore that we thought was impossible. You weren't supposed to actually do it."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"But I did! Ah, I brought democracy to Cuba!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"We know, Kyle, but we just don't want you going to their concert."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,But that's not fair! You lied to me!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Kyle, perhaps we handled this wrong, buh- but you need to understand that we don't want-"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,What I understand is that you totally screwed me over!! So why should I have to listen to you?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,Because we're your parents!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Well I wish I didn't have any parents! [walks to the front door, opens it, and exits, shocking Gerald and Sheila]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,Kyle!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, front steps. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman sit on the steps as Kenny plays on the lawn with a fire truck"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,It's so unfair! How can my parents do that to me?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"Parents can be pretty cruel sometimes, dude. They get off on it."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,They're evil! I WISH I DIDN'T HAVE ANY PARENTS!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"[smoothly] Well, you... could make them... go away for a while."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,How?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Well, I mean, you... could... call the police and have them take your parents away."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,The police?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Yeah, I saw it on TV. All you gotta do is call the police and say that your parents both molestered you."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,What's that?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"I don't know, but it works. When I wanted to get rid of my mom's last boyfriend, I just called the police, and said he was molestering me, and I haven't seen him for three months."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,[awed] Wow! Three months without parents!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kenny,"(Wow, that is awesome!)"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,But what do the police do to them?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Who cares? My parents deserve whatever they get. They're liars and cheats.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"You have to make it convincing, though, when you call the police. You have to be like, [slight whine] ""my parents molestered me."""
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"[straight] ""My parents molestered me."""
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"No, but you've gotta cry, like this: [starts a fake sob, rubs his eyes] ""My parents molestered me."" [stops the fake cry] And then they'll say something like, ""Was it a good touch or a bad touch?"" and you say [rolls his eyes as he thinks] ""Uh, it was a good touch"" or- no wait, [points] you say it was a bad touch."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"What's ""bad touch""?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Something about a swimsuit - I don't remember, but you definitely answer ""bad touch."""
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Okay, molestered, bad touch."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Yeah, And cry. [Kyle lets out a soft cry] Oh, he's ready."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, front lawn, day. Police and press gather round as the four boys and Ike watch by the driveway. Gerald and Sheila exit the house followed by two policemen. Two reporters try to ask them questions as cameras go off all around them"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"Oh my God, this isn't happening. I would never touch my children like that."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Case Worker,"[female] You do have the right to remain silent, ma'am. I suggest you use that right."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"Ugh, please, just listen to me! [Cartman chuckles as Kyle's parents are taken to the back door of a squad car] What about my children? Who will take care of them?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Case Worker,"Oh, now you care?! They're going to live with their grandmother."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"Their grandmother's been dead for three years. [she is put into the back seat, and the door is shut. The window is rolled down] You're not listening to me. Kyle, tell these people that your- [the window is raised so her voice can't be heard clearly] mother never raped you! Tell them! It's my fault. Say it! Tell them right now!!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Case Worker,[walks up to Kyle] They'll never be able to hurt you again. [picks Kyle up and hugs him]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Cool, thanks."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Case Worker,"[drops Kyle and stands up] Alright, folks. Our work here is done. [police cars doors close, police cars zoom away, and everyone else disperses]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan/Kyle,[Cartman grins] Alright! [high-five each other]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, living room, shot of the hallway and stairs. ""Old Time Rock 'N' Roll"" plays. Kyle slides into view in his hat and underwear, facing away from the camera. He looks left and his sunglasses are shown. As the first words are sung, Kyle faces the camera and lip-syncs to them. With Chinpokomon around them, Kenny, Stan, and Cartman jump gleefully up and down on the sofa. In the kitchen Ike sticks a fork into the toaster. Kyle dances some more.Next scene is the Raging Pussies concert outside and inside a stadium. The four boys are in the audience, and Kyle is still in underwear. Next scene shows kids from all over descend on Kyle's house for a party at night. Everyone dances inside, some kids are eating pizza and Kyle is still in underwear."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"Dude! Having no parents is awesome! I'm gonna say my parents molestered me, too."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Hey, yeah! We should all say our parents molestered us!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,"Yeah, uh huh, woo hoo!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room. He's on the phone crying. Next scene, his parents are hauled off by five cops. Shelly is shocked to see her parents go, but Stan begins to dance. She looks at him angrily and begins to pull her fist back. Stan stops dancing and points at her. A cop hauls her off. Stan resumes dancing. Kenny's house, living room. Kenny's on the phone. Next scene: his parents are being placed in the back seat of a squad car.Cartman's house, front door. The door opens and Liane is hauled out, then one man, then Chef. Cartman appears after them and stops at the door, and waves goodbye to them.South Park Elementary, Ms. Choksondik's class. In front of the class, she's hauled off. Then Principal Victoria is taken away, and then Mr. Mackey, as Butters accuses him of something to the case worker. Four panes appear, with a child in each one (Clyde, Francis, Red, and Token) calling the police. At the local bar police swarm in and the patrons scatter. Final shot: All the parents are gathered at the gates of Canyon City Maximum Security Prison"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,TV Announcer,The following hot presentation is for mature audiences only.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"[slides up in front of the others] You guys! Come out here! [walks out the door. The other two follow, leaving Ike alone on the sofa.]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park. The sky is a deep blue and the streets are clear of snow. Token, Butters and Kenny stand behind Filmore and his friend. Cartman, Stan, Kyle, Ike, and Clyde"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,What's going on?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,Notice anything? [before them the town sits empty as the sun sits between two mountains in a red sky.] Watch. [takes a stone and throws it hard. It flies through the air and goes through a first-floor window on a building two blocks away]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,...Nothing.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Yeah, nothing. There's not an adult left in town. [more kids gather] They've all been arrested, and the ones that weren't arrested have moved away because they're scared of being arrested"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Not one adult left?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,[steps forward] ...Then it's ours. The whole town. It's ours.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"The Rockies, some days later. A car winds its way down the winding road in a snow storm"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,"Oh, sweetie, I have no idea where we are."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,I haven't seen a road marker for miles. What was the last highway we were on?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,There has to be a town around here somewhere.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,Maybe you're reading the map wrong.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,"Hey, it was your idea to take the backroads. [both of them are suddenly shocked as the engine begins to falter]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"What the? [the speedometer goes down to 0 and the car begins to hobble] Oh no. No, no, no, no."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,What's the matter with it?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"[worried] I have no idea. Oh, we're gonna have to find some help quick. We're not gonna make it more than a couple of miles."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,"Oh, look! There's a town up ahead. [the signpost for South Park appears, but ""SMiLEy ToWN"" appears in yellow over it. Underneath the sign, a clown mask appears while four balloons] Smiley Town? That's a strange name."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Well, it'll have to do. It's probably the only town for a hundred miles. [they pass the sign.]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Smiley Town, a beat-up gas station. The car rolls up and the man and woman get out. The woman joins the man on the driver's side of the car."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,Hello? Is anybody here? [so rustling is heard and Butters emerges from the garage in a mechanic's suit]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Hoh, hahh, can I- help you folks?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"...Yes, we need a mechanic to look at our car."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Oh, well-l-l, uh, I'm the mec-hanic, I guess. Woh-what seems to be the problem?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,...It's... just you here?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"No, uh Craig's here, too."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Oh, good."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"But he's playing Spaceman right now. Huh. Hey, Craig! [Craig exits the office wearing a space outfit complete with helmet]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,[approaches] What?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Look we're in a bit of a spot here! I've got a very important job interview tomorrow morning in Breckenridge, so I have to get my car fixed fast! Is there another garage in town?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Huuuhhhh, no."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,How about a phone? Can we just use the phone?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,Phone here doesn't work. Haa-I'm afraid the only phone that does work... is over in Treasure Cove.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,Fine! Can you take us there?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,You... sure you wanna go to Treasure Cove?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,Yes.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,Uhh rrreeally are you sure?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,Yes.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Oh, alright then. [to Craig] Uh, show 'em where it is."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,Downtown Smiley Town. Craig leads the couple down the streets to a white line running down the center of a cross street
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,"[stops just short of the line] This is the end of Smiley Town. The only phone is somewhere in Treasure Cove. If you wanna find it, you're gonna have to cross the white line."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Well, can you help us find the phone, please?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,Hell no! I'm not crossing the white line.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Woman,Why not?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Alright, let's just... go, Linda. I don't have time for Spaceman Spiff's little games."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,Craig.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,What?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,"It's Spaceman Craig. [walks away slowly, deliberately, making sci-fi sound effects as he walks. Linda and her husband look at each other baffled. They then walk forward...]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,Downtown Treasure Cove. The couple walks into this town to the sound of ominous music. The town looks worse than Smiley Town does.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Two Small Voices,"[off screen] Carousel. [the couple notices a shadow between two buildings. The shadow moves away quickly, and the couple walks on. More ominous music comes up as the walking resumes walking]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,More Voices,"Nah nah nanah nah! [a post falls over, scaring Linda into her husband's arms]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Look, there's an elementary school [the school has been renamed Treasure Cove Elementary, and it is extremely trashed] Come on, there might be some teachers inside. [the couple heads for the school, but a toy Mega zips by them]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"[holds on to her husband] What is that? [the truck turns around and comes back] WAAH [raises a foot to avoid being hit by the truck. The truck goes down the street, then turns around and returns once more, stopping in front of the frightened couple] What do you want from us??"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,"Linda, it's a remote-controlled car. [the truck repositions itself] Looks like maybe there's a little camera on it. [the couple is seen in a little monitor inside the school. The truck does have a camera in it]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Mark, I don't like this."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Relax, Linda, everything's fine. [looks closer at the truck. A little index finger presses on a button named Lemmin Juice. The truck ejects a stream of juice] Ow. [squirt] Ow. [rubs his eyes]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,[panicking] What is it?! Acid?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"No, uh, it's lemon juice."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Oh God! Are you blind?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"No, it just really, really, really hurts!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Mark? Mark, look. [Mark rubs his eyes, then blinks them to focus. Before him is a line of kindergartners. The two sides stare at each other, then a girl steps forward] Well, hello. What's your name? [the girl just looks back at her] What- what do you want?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Jenny,We wanna play.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"[panicked, rises] Mark, I'm scared!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,[rises] Don't be scared. They're just kids. [to the kindergartners] Where are your parents?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Filmore,We already played with our parents.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Jenny,"How, we wanna play wit' youuuu. [points at the couple]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"[silence] ...Okay, I'm scared now, too. That freaked me out."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kindergartners,[come at the couple all at once] We wanna play wit' you! [jump on the couple]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Get off me! [twirls, but the kids don't fall off]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Oh God, Mark! Help! [the couple goes towards the dividing line between Smiley Town and Treasure Cove]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Filmore,[clinging onto Linda] Oh no! She's crossing the white line!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kindergartners,Whoa! [fall off the couple and quickly rise to cross the line back to Treasure Cove. Spitballs come flying at them]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kindergartner,"Spitwads! [the launchers are seen: the sixth graders, Pip, Clyde, and Craig, with their straws.]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,"[space helmet off] Take that, kindergartners!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kindergartners,Ew! [all turn to leave. Jenny is the last to go. The older kids and the couple watch them leave]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,What the hell is gong on here?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,[space helmet back on] Kindergartners. Treasure Cove is full of them.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Alright, kid! We demand to see an adult this instant!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Craig,I got new orders. I'm supposed to take you to see the mayor.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,The mayor! Good! Finally!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Smiley Town City Hall, day. Pictures of Cartman adorn the building and the path to the front door. A large inflatable King Kong floats above the snow and is tethered to the ground below. Craig and Butters lead Mark and Linda into the Mayor's office, where they face Cartman behind the desk, with Dog Poo and Francis as his assistants.. Clyde Frog sits on the desk at Cartman's right side, and his boombox is at left."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Cotner. Won't you come in, please? [Mark and Linda look at each other] Mr. and Mrs. Cotner, as the mayor of Smiley Town, I would like to ask you a few questions."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,You're the mayor? What the hell is gong on here?! Where are your parents?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Parents? [his left-hand assistant (Francis) whispers in his ear and withdraws] Ah, you mean the birth-givers. They're not around."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,No parents in the entire town? What happened to them?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Okay, see, I am the mayor of Smiley Town, and so I will ask the questions around hyah!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Look, just point us to a phone, kid, alright?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Eheh, I'm afraid you'll find all the phones... quite out of service."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"No phones, either? How do you communicate?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"[opens up an empty jar and speaks into it] Butters, I need an ETA on the car, stat. [closes the lid on the jar as Francis waits on him and hands the jar to Francis. He hops down and goes out the door]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Alright, we've had just about enough here! That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen! I don't care what little games you kids wanna play, we just want outta here, alright? [the boy returns with the jar and hands it back to Cartman, who opens it up again]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butter's Voice,"It's gonna be about three days. [Cartman looks at the couple, who stand speechless]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"[tosses the jar aside, and it breaks] So, it appears that you need me. Which is good, because... I need you, too. [moves a plate of treats forward] Ringy-ding?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,I have the job interview of my life in Breckenridge! Just tell me how to get to a phone or a car!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Francis,SpitBall!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Aaahh! [jumps from his chair a second before a huge spitball crashes through the window and lands on the floor. He picks himself off the floor and goes to look out the window angrily] You sons of bitches! [turns to the couple] You see what we're dealing with here. Tonight is Carousel. And they will try to kill one of us. Eh, you two seem to have the uncanny ability to cross the white line. If you help us, we'll get you what you need. [Mark and Linda, both unsure, look at each other]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Dividing line at the John Elway Memorial Park. The couple enters the park, Mark on the left side of the line, Linda on the right side"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Mark, are we doing the right thing?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Look! If getting the stupid book will get me a cell phone, I don't care!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,I just don't know if you're dealing with these kids the right way.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"[stops and scolds] Well, I told you I can't deal with kids, Linda! That's why I don't want to have children!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"[encouraging] Hey, I think you'd make a great father."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Oh, let's not go through this again, Linda. D- [moves forward again. Before them is a 20-ft John Elway statue.] Look, here's the book they've been talking about- [softly] it makes no sense."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"My God! Mark! [in front of the statue is a small altar on which sit two kids. A dead dog is on the ground, and off to one side is a dead Kenny. Mark approaches him and inspects him closely] What is it??"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"It's a boy. [reaches down to touch Kenny. Kenny's left hand and arm have been eaten away, leaving only the bones. Kenny's head turns when Mark touches him, and only the skull remains] They... killed him."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"The bastards. Oh, Mark, let's get out of here."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kindergartners,Nah nah nanah nah!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Na-a-ah! [older kids in costume enter the park and line up behind the kindergartners]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Oh no! [they both turn, only to face another group of kids. Both groups close in on them]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Mark!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,[to the kids] Uh. The fat kid told us to take it. [the angry mod captures them]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Treasure Cove Elementary, evening. Inside, Mark and Linda are tied, asleep and backs to each other, next to a bonfire."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"[wakes up first] Wuh. Aah! Mark! Mark, wake up! [Mark awakens and both look at the group of kids, from kindergartners to fifth graders, staring back]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Nah nah nanah nah! [close in on the couple again]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"You guys, stop it! [glides down from a tall pole in the school gym and jumps to a spot in front of the couple] Sorry about them. Kindergartners are kind of spazzes."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,[emerges from the group and stands next to Stan] Yeah. [these two head Treasure Cove]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,Why are you doing this?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,How come you wanna help the fatass?!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,Who?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,The fatass. The mayor.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Look, I have the job interview of my life in less than- [struggles to view his watch, but finally does] -12 hours! I just need a phone, and he said he'd help me if I took your book so you couldn't... kill them anymore."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"You got foolied, outlander! We're the only ones with a working phone. And if you had taken our book, then it's one of us who dies tonight at Carousel!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Uh, how did this all happen? Why do you children live in this town alone?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Because we do. It was like this yesterday, and the day before that."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,But what about before that?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"You mean in the before time? In the long, long ago?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Yes!!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"If we tell you, will you help us stop Fatass?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,I'll do anything to get to a phone!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,Alright. Everybody gather round. We're gonna tell the story of the before time again.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,The Before time.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Boy,The story of the before time.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"[with a torch, walks up to a chalk drawing on a wall of a family] Way back, in the long long ago, we all lived by the birth-givers' laws. But the birth-givers were unfair. They made us go to bed early and eat broccoli. [a drawing of broccoli is shown]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,"Yuck, yuck, yuck."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"[walks past a drawing of Cartman] And so the fatass came up with a way to have all the birth-givers disappear. [stops at a drawing of two police officers arresting an adult, with a squad car in the background], by using the magic M word. [a large M is shown]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"Soon we were without power, water, or fresh food. But we tried to survive. Under the guidance of... the Provider. [a drawing of a statue]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Provider. Provider.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"The fatass and us disagreed on how to worship the provider. The fatass tried to make us follow his way by making himself the school principal. So we made ourselves the superintendents of school. But then he just made himself the mayor. The town split sides and that's when the Provider got angry. [an angry Provider shoots bolts of lightning from his body, and two victims are at his feet]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Boo!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Boy,Bwack bwack!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Coosh!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"So now, every night, the Provider must be appeased at Carousel. We need their book so one of ours doesn't die. [the two books are shown, with the line between them]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,"Carousel, Carousel."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"We all know that one day, the Provider will set us free. Make everything like it was in the before time. In the long, long ago."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Ah-ah-ah-ah,let me get this straight: if I go get the fat kid's book on the other side of the white line, you'll show me where a cell phone is?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,Yes. No foolies.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,No foolies.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Treasure Cove Elementary, evening, outside. The couple is still inside"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"No, uh, it's it's it's right out here. Come on. [pushes the front door of the school and it falls away] Linda, I want you to just go back to the car and wait for me, alright? I'll go get that fat kid's book so I can use their phone."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Mark, I'm scared. [holds on to him]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"I know, but this will all be over soon."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Canyon City Maximum Security Prison, day. Sheila, dressed in prison orange, is brought into a large room to join the other adults, and the door is locked behind her."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"Oh, Gerald, I haven't seen you for so long!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Hello, honey, how has prison been for you?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"Oh, it's awful! Just awful."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Speaker,"Alright parents, let's all take our seats. [Gerald and Sheila sit] My name is Scott Evans, and I am a prison rehabilitation counselor."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Randy,"Uh, excuse me, but my wife and I honestly never touched our child."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Eh, neither did we."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Carol,"We didn't, either."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"Enough, enough! [all fall silent] Look, it's obvious we have a lot of emotional issues and personal demons to face here. During your prison time, you will all be spending one hour a day in therapy here with me. What I want you to do is learn to control those sick, sexual urges you have. Now we're gonna try an exercise: I'm gonna confront you with what you lust after most. [walks off and brings back a life-size stand-up of ""Beaver"" Cleaver] Alright parents, now I, I know this is difficult, but I want you to just look at this child. Just try to suppress your urges to rape him. [no response from the inmates] Just think about somethin' else. Think about clouds and beaches. Don't think about his supple, soft little body."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Oh, that's disgusting!!! Now, now stop this!!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"Fight your urges, Mr. Broflovski!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,I don't have any urges!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"I can't help you if you won't admit you need help!! Now sit down! [Gerald thinks a moment, then sits down] Look, I know this is very difficult for all of you. Most of you are still in denial about what you've done! To you it seems you've never raped your children at all! But you did. Help meeee help youuuu. [the adults remain silent, no objections] Now let's try again. [genuflects] Look at this young man. Just look. Don't rape. Fight it. Fight it!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Smiley Town, street. Linda walks out from behind a van."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Oh God, God, please just let us out of this place. [reaches the gas station and is horrified by what she sees. The couple's car has been placed on blocks and thoroughly stripped of its parts. Butters comes out from behind the car with a window handle]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"I think I found the problem, ma'am. A broken window roller-upper."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,[backs up] Oh no. NO! [turns around and stops in her tracks.] Aaaah! [Cartman's group faces her]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,Where is your husband?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Uh, uh..."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,Seize her! [the others move forth]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Treasure Cove Elementary, evening, school gym. Mark has returned"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Alright, I got the book for you. [hands it to Stan]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,[receives it] Awesu-home!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Now, can I please have the cell phone?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Sure, outlander. I'll get it [starts to move...]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,[outside] Outlander! [all look in the direction of the sound]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Treasure Cove Elementary, outside. Cartman, holding a taser, leads the Smiley Town members to the school. Linda is bound and gagged, but can still walk"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Outlander! We have your woman! She still lives, outlander! Outlander, her blood was fair!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,Oo what the heck are you talkin' about?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Butters, calm down, alright?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"Canyon City Maximum Security Prison, day, meeting room."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"Okay, so what are some other things that we can do besides molest our children?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Man,[in back row] See a movie?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"Sure, ""see a movie""'s good. [writes it down on the blackboard] We could see a movie instead of molesting our children. What else?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Carol,Make a sweater?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"Uh huh. I'll put ah, ""knitting, sewing."" [writes them down] Who's got another one?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Blond Man,[to Liane's left] Molest children?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,"Nonono, we're looking for things to do besides molesting our children."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Blond Man,Oh. Fishing?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mr. Evans,Fishing's good. Uh huh. [writes that down]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"John Elway Memorial Park, night. The two towns meet at the dividing line, Linda with Smiley Town, Mark with Treasure Cove."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"I believe you have something of ours, outlander! Give it back, or the female gets it! [gives her a small shock]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Mmrrhhhh!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Heh, heheh."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Rrrmm-mmrrhh!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,Give him the book back.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"No. If they have it, one of ours will die for Carousel!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"We're running out of time! Hand our book over, quick!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Enough of this! You kids are all in big trouble! [goes to ungag his wife, and the statue's clock begins to peal: 8:00 p.m. An electric current makes its way down to a pool of water and returns to the statue, electrifying it. The right arm, holding a football, moves forward]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,The Provider awakes!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"It's time for Carousel! Haha, your side doesn't have its book, fatass! That means someone on your side is sacrificed tonight."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Aw, damnit! Alright. [gets formal] It is decided. [points, in normal voice] Butters, your turn. [other kids back away. Tweek and another boy take Butters away.]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Oh, I'm gonna be sacrificed to the Provider!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,Stop right there! Nobody's killing anybody tonight!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Be careful, Mark. They'll make you disappear with the M word."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,"Yeah, we'll call the police and say you molestered us, too."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,What? [Butters makes his way to the altar on the dividing line. Tweek and three others monitor him]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"I'm here for you, Provider! Uh, take me! [Tweek and the other three chain him up]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Is that what happened to the adults here?! You lied to the police and said they molested you?! My God, they were your parents!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,[all the kids turn from the altar and face the couple] Parents?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"The birth-givers! Your birth-givers. [Stan and Kyle look at each other] Don't you remember? They are your providers! Not some statue! And they're not up in some fantastical faraway land now. [beings to walk into the mob of kids] They're in prison. Probably crying themselves to sleep, cold and lonely and... I'm sure missing you all very, very much. [Filmore and Jenny look at each other. Cartman gazes] Your birth-givers took care of you. That's what their laws and their rules were for, because they love you, and they didn't want you to end up living like... th-this! [motions to the statue of John Elway] He won't take care of you. Your parents... your... providers... will."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Parents. Mom. Dad.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Oh boy, here it comes!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"[moves through the crowd again] If you want things to be the way they were in the before time, in the long, long ago, you all need to call the police and tell them you lied about them M word. [stands next to Linda]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"He's right, dude. Things were a lot better with our parents around."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Yeah. I guess their rules did have a point. Things have gotten a lot worse in the ten days since they've been gone.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,Ten days?? It's only been ten days since they left??
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,Take him down. [Tweek and the other three unchain Butters]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Hey, uh, what are you doin'?? Ha-I'm ready to give myself to Mr. Elway."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Here's our cell phone, dude. [hands it to Mark] Will you call the police for us? [Mark begins dialing]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,Hey. Looks like you're not so bad with kids after all.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"Yeah, I guess you're right. Maybe we should have some."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"Yeah, right. After all this, I'm getting my tubes ties tomorrow! [turns around and starts walking away. Mark is surprised]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Scene Description,"South Park, day, neighborhood street. The town has been cleaned up. The kids stand in front of a house waiting for a bus to roll up. Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Craig hold a banner among them which reads, red letters on yellow background, ""Welcome Home, PARENTS!"" Butters walks up"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"Come on, you guys! Our parents are gonna be back any minute!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Do you think they're gonna pissed at us for lying that they molested us and sending them all to jail for ten days?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"Well, they can't be too pissed off. I mean, we made them a banner."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,"[shows up with Mark] Hey, kids."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,"Hey, you guys came back!"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Did you make it to your job interview?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,Yeah. I got the job. You're looking at the new manager of Denny's in Breckenridge.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Linda,And I got my tubes tied.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Alright!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"Well, thanks for everything, you guys. You really helped us see how important parents are."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kids,Yeah.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,"Hey! Here they come! [the sound of a bus is heard. It pulls up and the parents pour out, beginning with the Broflovskis]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Mom! Dad!
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,Kids! [all the parents rush to their kids and hug them]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Parents,"...Come here, come here."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,"[holds Ike] Oh, Kyle. Ike, sweetie, you're OK. [Gerald hold Kyle]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Yeah. We're fine.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Kyle, we're so sorry for the horrible sexual abuse over the years. But we're all better now."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,But you didn't do anything to me.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Gerald,"Hup, we did. We've come to terms with it through therapy and learned to admit it."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sheila,It won't happen again. [She and Gerald turn and walk off with Ike.]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,"[lags] But, you guys, I--"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Sharon,"[she and Randy hold Stan] Oh, Stanley, I wish we could take back all the years of abuse, but we can't."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Liane,"[genuflects next to Cartman] We've learned to overcome it, son. You'll see."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stephen Stotch,"We love you, son, but we only love you in a platonic way from now on."
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Butters,Oo-what the heck are you talkin' about?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Carol,"[walks with Stuart] Kenny? Kenny, we're sorry. Where is he?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Jenny's Mother,"[she and the father hold Jenny] Everything's gonna be alright now, Jenny. [Jenny's father lets go] Come on, let's go home. [the families begin to disperse. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman stay behind.]"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,Huh.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Huh.
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Mark,"[walks up with Linda] Well, what are you kids gonna do now?"
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Stan,I dunno. [to Kyle and Cartman] You guys wanna build a snow igloo?
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Kyle,Sure. [the boys turn left and start walking]
The Wacky Molestation Adventure,Cartman,Snow igloos kick ass. [Mark and Linda stare as if the events of the last ten days didn't leave an impression on the boys]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night, bathroom. The toilet is seen and on it are a glass and a plate of chocolate-chip cookies. Kyle sits in his pajamas underneath a window and next to a night stand and candle opposite the toilet bowl, and holding a small flag which reads: WELCOME MR. HANKEY. Ike walks in and towards the food"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"He's gonna be here any minute, Ike."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Ike,"[pulls himself onto the seat and looks in] Oooh nooo, poopies."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Heee might not come if you're too close to the toilet bowl, Ike. [lifts him off the seat and takes him back to the night stand] Come sit by me. [they sit down and face the toilet bowl, and wait. Nothing happens.]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sheila,"[at the door with Gerald] It's getting late, boys. Why don't you come on up to bed."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Just let us stay up a little longer, mom. Mr. Hankey's gotta show up. He always does."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sheila,"Alright, bubbe. [leaves with Gerald, but returns] Oh, and boys? Happy Chanukah."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Happy Chanukah, Mom. [returns his sight to the toilet bowl and waits...]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night, bathroom. ""Silent Night"" plays"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Ike,"[Waves the flag around] Ayaaa ta. [Kyle is getting drowsy] Weee Weee... [soon, Ike is asleep on Kyle's shoulder as Kyle drifts into sleep, but checks on the plate once in a while. An ant is now on the toilet seat inching its way to the cookies. Kyle watches drowsily until the ant touches the cookies...]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Go away!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"The ant scurries away. At length, the candle burns down to the plate and goes out. Kyle and Ike are both asleep. Sheila and Gerald look in once again and find the boys asleep. Sheila picks up Ike and Gerald picks up Kyle and take them to their respective rooms. Kyle is then seen asleep in his room. He opens and blinks his eyes, then gasps and sits up. He rushes out of bed and into the restroom, only to find an empty plate and glass. He thinks Mr. Hankey has been by, until he notices something on the floor to the left of the toilet. A look of dismay comes over his face. It's the ant he sees, now bloated and content. Kyle goes to make a phone call."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night, bathroom. ""Silent Night"" continues"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[picks up the phone] A-ah huh.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,[barks. Music stops] Stan! Go get the other guys and tell them to meet me at the bus stop in ten minutes!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Ho-o-oh.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, night, bus stop. Kyle, with flashlight and crow bar, is waiting as the others arrive. Kenny arrives in coat, hood, and undies. Cartman in pajamas, cap and coat, and Stan fully dressed, but with his cap askew. A lock of hair is seen"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Okay, good. You're all here."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"What is this all about, Kyle?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,It's Mr. Hankey! He hasn't shown up yet.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Aw, Jesus Christ! I'm going back to bed. [turns aside and walks off]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"It's only three days until Christmas, you guys! You know how bad things have been around here. I think it might be because Mr. Hankey hasn't come."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Kyle, I have a full day of watching TV tomorrow. I don't have time to go on a poo hunt right now, okay?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"If you guys want there to be a Christmas, you'd better come help me!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, night, city streets. Snow is still falling, but a manhole cover has been lifted and set aside. Down below, in the sewer, the boys walk in the muck looking for Mr. Hankey's home"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,Heh-tchoo!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[turns and glares at Cartman] Dude, you sneezed on my back!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Oh, sorry, you might get some germs while you're walking around in human feces!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Hey, look. [before them is a small cottage in a collection basin. They walk to the end of the sewer line] Hello?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,Hoowwddyy ho! [behind him is a little cottage all glittered in light]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"...Mr. Hankey! Hoh, we were so worried! I was waiting up for you and you didn't come, so I thought that-"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, no I'm fine, Kyle."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,But where have you been? Things aren't the same without you. Nobody seems to have the Christmas spirit.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"I know, Kyle. I've just been awfully busy with my family. [calls into the house] Honey!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,Family?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Boys, I want you to meet my wife. Autumn."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"Howdy-hey kids! [waves in the same way Mr. Hankey does, holds a martini in her left hand] Would you like a drink?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"They're too young to drink, honey."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"Hey haa, it's Christmas!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Come. You have to meet the little nuggets, too. Kids! [they come one one by one] This is our son, Cornwallis."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"[wearing glasses, a scarf and little blue beret] Hoowwdy Ho! [hops aside as another nugget enters]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,Our daughter Amber.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Amber,[in pink dress and maroon bow] Hoowwdy Ho! [hops aside as another nugget enters]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"And our son, Simon."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Simon,"Eee, hey! Hnhn."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,[aside] Simon's not so smart. He was born with a peanut in his head.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Siimon,Heh What? Dad? Huh?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Nothin', Simon."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,A family! So THAT's why you haven't been able to spread Christmas cheer.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,It sure has been tough. Nobody seems that into Christmas out there.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"I know, it's like it doesn't matter anymore."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,My moms barely bought me any presents so far.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Well don't worry kids! I'm sending the nuggets up tomorrow to spread Christmas cheer! [the nuggets grin] And if you want, you can help them."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Sure we'll help! [Stan grins]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,Anything for more presents!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"""Hic"" Weh-hell, it's a Christmas party! Hey! You boys! You boys wanna bet me I won't take off my clothes?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Honey, pleh, you're- you're drunk. Onkay?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,But it's a Christmas party!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Honey, can we go inside for a second? [they enter the little house and start arguing. The boys look on in shock while the nuggets keep their smiles. Abruptly the arguing stops and the two adult poos step out again] Well, it's decided, kids. Tomorrow we're gonna bring back the spirit of Christmas!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, day, city streets. The boys and the nuggets stand on the sidewalk in front of Tele's and the toy store humming ""Good King Wencelas"" The nuggets soon hum their own tunes. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny wear nose clips and suits that suggest they are reindeer, while Cartman is dressed as Santa"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Ho ho ho! Merry Christmas, you guys! Only three shopping days until- [a couple walks past] God-damnit! [a man walks past in the other direction] Hey! Merry Christmas, asshole! [a woman walks by]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Nobody's paying any attention. [Amber clears her throat as a foot comes down over Simon, and the foot pulls away]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Woman,"Ew, I almost stepped in it."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Tele's Owner,"[exits and locks his door] Well, it was a good effort, boys. But I'm gonna have to close shop. Nobody's buyin' anything an' I can't afford to keep this furnace runnin'! [starts to leave, but notices the nuggets] Oh. And, boys, there's some crap on the sidewalk there. Watch out. [the nuggets look downcast. Red Harris leaves the toy store.]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Red,"[locks the door] Not one toy. I guess this yeear, everyone's content to celebrate with candles and love. [starts sobbing, then walks away]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[emotionally] This is hopeless. We're just gonna have to face that the commercialism has been sucked out of Christmas.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"A special report. Behind the anchor is a ""No Christmas Trees"" sign"
A Very Crappy Christmas,News Anchor,"And in other news tonight it appears that everyone is officially SICK OF CHRISTMAS! [a chart appears] In an SPC poll, 38% said they were fed up and tired of the holiday, 5% said they were indifferent to it, and a whopping 57% they would quick Bon Jovi square in the balls if given the opportunity. [the field poll follows]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Ms. Choksondik,"Well, I think people are just fed up with the crowded shopping and the credit-card bills, uh. [the boys sit on Cartman's sofa watching the news] I, I think that the holiday just has become a joke."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man,"[with a son who waves at the camera] You know, it's just that a lot of people don't really believe in the whole Jesus thing anymore, you know? So what's to celebrate?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man 2,"Oh yeah. Right in the balls, man. Right square in the balls."
A Very Crappy Christmas,News Anchor,"Well, the holiday spirit may be gone from South Park, but at least our faith in each other remains strong."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Assistant,[whispers into the anchor's ear] In South Park.
A Very Crappy Christmas,News Anchor,Oh really?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's house, day. The report is over"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Dude, change the channel. This is too depressing. [Cartman clicks the remote, and ""A Charlie Brown Christmas"" pops up. Charlie, Lucy, and Snoopy are on screen]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Charlie Brown,Good Grief! We need a Christmas tree for our play.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus, not this thing again."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,How come everyone in cartoons has such big heads?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Charlie,"[as other kids dance around him] Alright, everyone, we've got to get on with our play!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Jesus, this sucks! All they keep doin' is dancing around!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Yeah, this thing really falls apart in the second act."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"[affecting a Peanuts accent] And why is it that on Charlie Brown cartoons, everyone talks like this."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,My mom could make a better Christmas special than this!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Hey, that's it. Oh, my God, that's totally it! [drops down from the sofa and walks to the TV] It's so simple!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"What, dude?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[turns and faces the other boys] We can get everyone back into the Christmas spirit by making our very own animated Christmas special, and showing it to everybody in town! [Charlie and Linus talk onscreen]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,We don't know anything about animation.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,How hard can it be? Look at it. [Snoopy and Charlie walk in the woods]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Hey yeah! We can make a little animated Santa Claus and Jesus, and it can star us instead of these little round-headed guys!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kenny,"(Yeah, right! Awesome!)"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Yeah! And we can call it... ""The Spirit of Christmas"" [onscreen, Snoopy is pummeling a naked Charlie Brown hard across the face with a 2-by-4]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, The Mayor's office, day. The report is over"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"[worried] Ogh! This is terrible, Johnson! Our whole town's economy is going right in the toilet! We've got to get everybody back in the Christmas spirit!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Aide 2,"Mayor, some adorable children are here to see you."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,Meugh. Send them in.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,[as the boys enter]Mayor! We have the solution to your problem.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,You do?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,We're gonna make a short animated Christmas card that everyone can watch and play it on the screen at the old drive-in.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"It'll have everything. Jesus, Santa. And when people see it, they'll just HAVE to get in the spirit. All we need is three hundred dollars for our budget."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"[falsely enthusiastic] An animated Christmas card. Kids, that just may be the dumbest idea I've ever heard, ever!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,The Boys,Awww.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"But at this point I'm willing to try anything. Johnson, cut them a check for three hundred dollars."
A Very Crappy Christmas,The Boys,Alright!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,[to the other three] You guys go tell Butters to start making the cutoouts. I'm gonna go tell Mr. Hankey the good news!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"The Hankey home, day, exterior. Mr. Hankey and Autumn are in a heated argument inside. The argument is incomprehensible for a while, until a voice stands out."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,Now you put that vase down! Put that vase down! That's a very expensive vase! [now warning] Don't you throw that vase! [the vase is thrown and breaks.]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[now facing the house from the sewer] Ah, Mr. Hankey?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[exits the front door] Oh, Kyle! Hoowwddy ho!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[excited] We got the money, Mr. Hankey. We're gonna make our animated Christmas card."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, that's swell! Kids! [the nuggets come out] Christmas is back on! We've gotta all go get that old drive-in workin' again."
A Very Crappy Christmas,The Nuggets,Okay!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"That's not the only thing we gotta get workin' again, [pokes him] if you know what I mean..."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[concerned] Wha- why do you, why do you have to say things like that in front of people?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Well, I've gotta go start our animation. We've only got two days. [turns and walks away...]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Good luck, Kyle. And we'll have that projector workin'! Don't you worry! [Cornwallis sniffs at himself]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Amber,"What's the matter, Cornwallis?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Butters' home, day. A gate is open by one side of the house. Inside, the four boys enter a room littered with cutouts"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Alright, Butters. Let's see what you've got."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Butters,"[behind a desk] Huh, well, okay. Now, don't expect too much with the budget you gave me."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[impatient] Yeahyeahyeah. just let us see 'em!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Butters,"Well, alright. Here's a little paper construction of Santa Claus. [holds him up and moves him a bit] ""Ho ho ho, uh, there-a kid. Hu-uh, would you like some- t-hoys and stuff"" Hah, and uh, here's a little Jesus. [brings him forth] ""Hi there, Santa. I am the Light and the Way, and stuff."" [Santa] ""Uh, ho o-kay. That's good, I suppose."" Huh, and here's the cutout versions of you guys. [unfurls a large sheet which contains some mountains and spitting images of the four boys]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,The boys,Whoa!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"[points] Heheh. Look, he made Stan all fat."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"[retorts] That's not me, that's you!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,What?!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"They kind of look like us. [the poster is shown again] I mean, Stan's got blue eyes and I've got a sharper nose, but I mean, they kinda look like us."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"I AM NOT THAT GODDAMNED FAT! [Butters sets the poster on the desk, face up]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"God job, Butters."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Butters,"Woh, ah, hey! I made a little cutout version of me, too! Ih in case you need it for your animated film."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"[grabs the poster] No, that's okay. [walks away]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"See ya! [grabs Santa, Cartman grabs Jesus, and they walk away with Kenny]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Butters,"Uh-m, alright, alright then. [the door closes, and a few second later, he reaches into a top drawer and pulls out a Barbie cutout. In falsetto...] ""Oh, uh, hello, good-lookin'? What's your name?"" [moves the Butters cutout] ""Huh, Butters, ma'am."" [moves the Barbie cutout while in falsetto] ""Well, Butters, would you like to slap my- titties around?"" [moves the Butters cutout closer] ""Whoa! Well, uhuh"" [a smile of fantasy flashes across his face] ""Uh, no thanks, ma'am. Uh I, I'll get in trouble again."" [guiltily puts the cutout away.]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"The Hankey home, day. Inside, Cornwallis is seated at a table with thumb tacks for legs. There are two 5-book stacks on the table, a third stack on the floor behind him, and two books on the floor in front of the table. Mr. Hankey enters, and soon seen are a spool of string for a bedstand and a pencil as a curtain rod. A locket hangs over Cornwallis' bed, and it contains pictures of his parents"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Cornwallis, we've got to go fix up the drive-in."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"I don't want to, Dad. I'm too sad."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[takes a seat at the table] Hey, that's alright, Cornwallis. The boys' animated movie will being back the spirit of Christmas."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"It's not that, father. Its... Well, I don't feel like I'm really a part of Christmas."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"But son, you're a Hankey. We love Christmas!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"[drunk as ever, appears at the door] Come on, it's time to sit around the tree!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[serious] We're having a talk, honey."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,God-damnit it's Christmas and we're gonna be a happy family around the tree!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Autumn, you're drunk. Alright, now, just go help the other kids; they can't get their stockings up."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,That's not the only thing that can't get up around here. [rushes away]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"...Now come on, son. Don't be so down."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,Why? We're just pieces of crap. Christmas isn't for us.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,Christmas is about feeling good. That's for everybody!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"I see the Nativity. There's angels, shepherds and sheep. But no poo. All the Christmas movies: Santa, elves, reindeer. No poo. I'm not a part of it."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"No, you're not a part of it, Cornwallis. You're all of it. Don't you see?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,I'm nothing but crap!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"But crap is everything. [begins to sing] Everything that lives on earth poos in some way And that's how the cycle happens, each and every day [Takes Cornwallis out and up to the street] Just look at the green green grass and the birds up in the sky [cows graze on the some exposed grass while large birds fly lazily above] It's all here because of poo, and now I'll tell you why Grass it's eaten by cattle, which is eaten by women and men [A cow poops as it eats, then Butters' family is shown eating burgers at table] It fuses with their bodies and becomes poo again [Mr. Hankey sings to Cornwallis, then Butters' father is shown straining on the toilet] And that poo goes through the sewer, where it's dumped into the sea. [some poo descends through the pipe, and Mr. Hankey soon follows. A raw sewage outlet is then shown with Mr. Hankey exiting] And it's eaten by the plankton, and becomes the fishes' meal. [plankton swarm the poo and devour it; a small fish eats the plankton] And then that bigger fish with the poo still inside [a bigger fish eats the small fish, but an even bigger one approaches] Swims up near the shore and gets eaten alive [the bigger fish swallows the medium-sized one and swims up to the surface, only to be snatched up by a bear] By the grizzly bear that poos on a dead piece of sand [the bear walks off with the fish in its mouth and poos as he leaves] So it can spring to life and become food for the land! [flowers and grass spring up through and around it. The camera pulls back to reveal an African savannah around the flowers, with all sorts of animals in it] It's the poo of the antelope, the poo of the giraffe [soft backup vocals come on, lending the song an African feel. antelope run in the background as a giraffe appears and stops] It falls onto the earth and becomes the blades of grass [The camera looks at Mr. Hankey and Cornwallis atop Poo Rock, first from the back, then from the front] The grass is eaten by the cattle, which comes out the other end [more cattle are shown grazing and pooing] To make food for the humans and start all over again [a man scoops the poo into a small bag and walks off; Butters and family eat more burgers; his mom sits on the toilet] [back on Poo Rock, before which animals poo freely] You see, son? You're not an insignificant part of life. You are life."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"But how can I be that giraffe and blade of grass, and a human? I don't control what they do."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[sits next to Cornwallis] Just like your heart beats without you thinking about it, so, too, your giraffes and your humans do what they do without you even thinkin' about it. But it is all one life form. It is all... [points to him] you."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"[smiles] I think I see now. I'm the poo of the antelope, that flows down to the ground [steps forward]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,Becomes the grass of tomorrow
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,Yeah
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Which the grazers turn around [An antelope stops to poo a little, then runs off to join the others]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,So I'm the leg of a leopard and the wings of a hen
A Very Crappy Christmas,"Mr. Hankey, Cornwallis","Which becomes dinner for the human and turns back to poo again. [Mr. Hankey holds Cornwallis high in the air on Poo Rock with the sky behind them. Cornwallis hums a bit] That's the Circle, the Circle of Poo! [Cut to black]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's house, basement, day. He hands out scripts to the other three boys"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Okay, here's the script. But it doesn't have an ending."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"No ending? Well, we can't animate until we have our voices recorded, so we'd better just record what we have and figure out the ending later. [they walk over to some microphones.]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,"[instructing] Okay, talk directly in the mike and don't hit any hard p's."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,What's a hard p?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"You know, first thing in the morning when it just won't come out?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Oh, yeah."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,"Uumm, okay, sound is speeding, and... [cues the boys by raising his hand]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,The boys,We wish you a Merry Christmas
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,Hold on.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"We wish-  [the sound man presses a few buttons, and some white noise blasts through the boys' headphones]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,The boys,[twisting in pain] AAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,...deh..OOOWW!!!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,"Uh, [makes more changes to the sound settings] mmm. Okay, and? [cues the boys]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Boys,"We wish you a merry Christmas, We wish you a merry Christmas, We wish you a merry Christmas--"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Hey! Wait a minute!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,What?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Aren't you Jewish, Kyle?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Well, yes, I think so."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"[calmly] Dude, Jewish people don't celebrate Christmas. You're supposed to sing Chanukah songs. [Kyle cues the piano player, who begins playing]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Dreidel dreidel dreidel, I made you out of clay, Dreidel dreidel dreidel--"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"[grins] Heheheheh, Chanukah sucks."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[throws his headphones off and faces Cartman angrily] Don't you oppress me, fat boy."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"[throws his headphones off] Don't call me fat, buttfucker."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Then don't belittle my people you fuckin' fatass!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"You guys, knock it off! We have to record this! [the sound man begins to laugh heartily]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,"[composes himself] Dude, that was awesome."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,What's awesome?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,The script. It's sweet.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,That's not in the script They do this all the time.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound man,"Well, it should be in the script. All that ""you're fat"" and ""you're a Jew"" and stuff. It's great. [the boys look at each other]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, Photo Dojo, day. The boys are gathered round a camera, which is pointing straight down onto the poster Butters made for them. Two lights shine on the poster, and the cutouts are in place. Some other heads are at the top end of the poster"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Check it out, dude. The camera shoots one frame at a time. So, all we gotta do, is put the right mouth on, according to what syllable they're pronouncing at that frame."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Easy.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Yeah. So what's the first syllable?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Uhd- W, WW-e wish you a Merry Christmas"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Okay. So we put little ""woo"" mouths on all our heads. [sets the ""woo"" mouths in place] And then we shoot that for one frame."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Okay. [snaps the shot] One.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,That's one twenty-fourth of a second of our movie already shot! [exults]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Kickass!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Now, the next mouth."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Uuhh, E. W-EE wish you a Merry Christmas. [both turn aside to look around]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Okay, where are the E-mouths?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[softly] E mouths...
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, Photo Dojo, three hours later. The boys' eyelids are drooping and they're tired"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Okay. ""Woo"" mouths again?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[snap] 1 [snap] 2.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,So how much done is that?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"""We wish you a m- Merry"""
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[softly] Aw, [loudly] Jesus Christ!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park Drive-In, night. The boys' eyelids are drooping and they're tired"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"[enters the drive-in with her aides] This kids better make a good Christmas movie, Johnson. If people in this town don't start shopping again, we're all gonna be out of jobs next year."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Johnson,This... place is pretty run-down.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"It's alright, we've got a clean-up crew coming."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,[off-screen] Hoowwddy ho! [the Mayor and Johnson look around] Down here!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Johnson,[jumps back] WAAGGH!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"[displeased] Oh. Mr. Hankey, it's you. How wonderful."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,My family and I are here to get the drive-in ready for the biig movie.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"[drunk and still holding a martini, to Johnson] Hi there, Mr. Important Political Person. *hic* [Johnson looks disturbed] You wanna bet me I won't take off my clothes and run naked through this parkin' lot?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[softly blocking] Uh-uh, honey, please don't start!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,I didn't start it! He was looking at my breasts!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"They're not real, you know."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"Don't you say that! [hugs him, but he pushes her off]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, big secret! Everyone can tell they're made of silicorn!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Johnson,"Uhhh, we'll just leave you to your cleanup. [leads the Mayor and the other aide away]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Okay! Boy, oh boy, this place suuure needs a lot of work."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"We can fix it up, Dad."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Amber,"Oh, look! A homeless person. [the man is seen sleeping on the ground covered in papers and cardboard] Oh. He looks sad, Papa. [hops over to him and leaves a poo smile on his lips] There. That's better."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Good job, Amber. Now this place is starting to look Christmasy [the man continues to sleep...]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, Photo Dojo, next day. The boys are back at the animatic further along in the project"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Okay. Okay, the shot is finally set up. Now shoot the O mouth for two frames. [Cartman sneezes and immediately realizes what he just did]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,AAAAAAAA!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Cartman!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Well, I'm sorry! I have a cold!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"That took us half an hour to set up, fatass!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Alright! You know what? I have been here TOO LONG! I'm sick of making this stupid cartoon, and we're never goin' to finish it anyways! [walks off and stops at the door] Screw you guys, I'm goin' home!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,[rushing to the door] Fine! We'll do it with out you!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"We can't do it without him, Kyle. We've already animated him in it!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,We'll dub his voice over.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Kyle, it's hopeless. We've only got 20 seconds of animation done, and we still have Jesus' and Santa's voices to record, and we don't even have a third act. Dude, it would take a miracle to finish this thing!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Now, don't go saying that. There's always hope. Miracles happen most every day. To people like you, and me. But don't expect a miracle. Unless you help make it to be. You hope, and I'll hurry. [takes the poster and rolls it up.] You pray, and I'll plan [The boys exit the Photo Dojo with it] We'll do what's necessary, 'cause [now in Stan's room, works on a Brian Boitano cutout] Even a miracle needs a hand! [walks up to the wall and adds a scene to Act II]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,You love-
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,We love
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,-And I'll labor. [takes down the scene]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Tralala
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,You sit- [puts it up again]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,We sit.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,-And I'll stand. [a funny look appears on his face]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Tralalalala
A Very Crappy Christmas,!Boys,"Get help from our next-door neighbor, 'cause [Kenny begins to hum as the Hankey family is shown cleaning up the drive-in]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,"Boys, Hankeys",Even a miracle needs a hand! [Autumn is passed out to one side of the film projector as Mr. Hankey cleans up]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's house, basement, day. Stan and Kyle have to work without Cartman, so they stand wearing headphones and reading the script aloud"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"You can do Cartman's voice, can't you?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"""Awgh! I'm so fat!"""
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Nuh, you've gotta sound fatter."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"[with tongue filling his mouth] ""Hey, you guys! Seriouslih! I'm so fat! Help me out over hmyah!"""
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Cool! Now let's try the script!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sound Man,Rolling...
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"[Doing his and Cartman's parts] Stan: I don't know what to do, dude. Who should we help? Cartman: I say we help Santa Claus!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Oh, you're just saying that because he brings you candy."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Cartman: Ey! I don't need to take that kind of shit from a Jew! [both boys grin, and the sound man signals his approval with a thumbs-up]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room, day. Kyle and Stan resume singing as Kyle packs the cutouts into a box headed for Korea"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,You wish-
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,We wish
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,-And I'll whittle.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Tralalalala
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,You sit- [closes the box and tosses it up]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,We sit.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,-And I'll stand. [displays the box's destination and walks out with it]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Tralalalala
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[with Kenny humming] Let's all try to help a little, 'cause[A group of 20 Korean inbetweeners are shown working hard on the short]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park, Potter's Art Store, day. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk out with construction paper"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Boys,"Even a miracle- [a car comes in and runs over Kenny as the driver honks, leaving Kenny flat as a pancake. The boys just look in wonder]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,...It's okay. We'll just have his character die in the film. [they resume singing and walk away]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room, day. Stan and Kyle are there. A large box has come for Stan and he's about to open it"
A Very Crappy Christmas,"Stan, Kyle",
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"South Park Drive-In, night. The drive-in is cleaned up now. The entire town shows up to see the short film. To the left, two klieg lights shine on a high platform on which stand the Mayor and her aides; Stan, Kyle, and Cartman. A decorated Christmas tree stands behind them. On close-up, though, Cartman is missing"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"Citizens of South Park, the Colorado Film Commission is pleased to present to you a work by some of our very own South Park children. [the crowd erupts in applause]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"[enters victoriously] Thank you, thank you. [Stan and Kyle look at him annoyed]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing here?! You quit!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"What are you talkin' about, ""quit""? Huh! I don't remember that."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"We know that after you see this darling short film, [the crowd is shown] you will all feel the mighty glow of the Christmas spirit once again. Boys?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Okay, Mr. Hankey!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"[in the booth] O-kay! [starts the projector. The opening screen of ""The Spirit of Christmas"" is shown as music plays.]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"Scene: a snowy hill. South Park comes into view. A squirrel pops up to see the camera, then drops away next to the town sign. Kids can be heard singing a Christmas carol. The camera pans to the right"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kids,"We wish you a merry Christmas,We wish you a merry Christmas,We wish you a merry Christmas--"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Hey! Wait a minute!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,What?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Aren't you Jewish, Kyle?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Yeah, I think so."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"(voice rising) Dude, Jewish people don't celebrate Christmas!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,What?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,You're supposed to sing Chanukah songs!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Dreidel dreidel dreidel-
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"the film snaps in two and grinds to a halt. Fear strikes the boys' faces, then the Mayor's face. The film spools out of the reels and Mr. Hankey holds the unwound film in his hands"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Simon,"Eehhhh, pretty! [the crowd begins to disperse and grumble]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man,"Oh, that's Christmas for ya."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"Uhuh, just hang on folks. We seem to be having some technical difficulties."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man 2,Boring.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man 3,I've gotta go.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man 4,Stupid.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,[as the boys enter the projection booth] It's completely destroyed! There's nothin' I can do!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,All that hard work.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"Well, thanks a lot, kids. Great idea you had there. Now everyone is more disenfranchised with Christmas than ever. We want our three hundred bucks back!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,But we spent it!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,Fine. Then we'll sue you. [leaves with the aides] Johnson? [the other aide stays behind]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Aide,I... used to believe in miracles. [leaves]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,All that work!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,For nothing.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Boys, I uh, I'm s-, I'm sorry."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Sure. Sh-sure, Mr. Hankey."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,I guess- we might as well- go home now. [the boys leave and Mr. Hankey wilts]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"The Hankey home, night. Inside, Mr. Hankey sits on the little sofa. Cornwallis hops up to him and joins him on the sofa"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,It's my fault. All my fault. I got everyone's hopes up.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"But Dad, we can fix the projector."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Aw, it's too late for that, son. everyone' gone home. And I don't know nothin' about projectors. I'm just a stupid piece of crap."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"Dad, you taught me an important lesson: That crap is the cycle of everything."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"Aw, that was just a stupid song, Cornwallis! I was jus' tryin' to get you to stop your bitchin'"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cornwallis,"No, it wasn't a stupid song. Because you showed me that I have the power and the strength to do anything I want. You made me believe in myself, Dad! Now I'm asking you to do the same."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,Son... [reflects for a moment] You're the smartest piece of crap since Albert Poodinger! Come on! [the two of them leave the house]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room, night. The immediate family is gathered"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Sharon,"Isn't this a nice Christmas, Stanley? No commercialism and shopping, just a nice fire and family."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Grandpa,I wanna die. [sleigh music is heard and a light soon fills the air outside. All the Marshes look]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"A view of the suburbs. Lights come on all over the neighborhood, and families begin to come out of their houses. one girl and her parents, another girl and her parents, a boy and girl and their parents, etc. The light everyone sees is the drive-in screen. The short has been repaired and is airing the scene where the boys first meet Jesus. The drive-in soon fills up"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"On screen, Jesus floats down from the sky."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,What the--
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kenny,(Nooo!!) [tightens his hood]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. The front door opens and Gerald and Sheila step out with Ike. Kyle follows them out."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,They did it! They got it working! [closes the door behind him]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,On screen.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Jesus,"You have blemished the meaning of Christmas for the last time, Kringle!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Santa,I bring happiness and love to children all over the world.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Jesus,Christmas is for celebrating my birth!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Santa,Christmas is for giving!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,A shot of the audience
A Very Crappy Christmas,Crowd,"Oh, wow!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,The Hankey house. Amber and Simon stand outside
A Very Crappy Christmas,Amber,Mom! They got it working!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,[opens the front door and exits without closing it] What's that? They got your father's penis workin' again? [the three of them leave]
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,"A shot of Stan, Kyle, and Cartman smiling. On screen..."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,...We actually spoke—to the Brian Boitano.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Yeah. And you know? I think I've learned something today, it doesn't matter if you're Christian or Jewish or Atheist or Hindu. Christmas still is about one very important thing."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,"Yeah, ham."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[angrily] No not ham!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,The audience. The boys laugh
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,Ey! Why the hell did you have me say that?!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"Heheh, we could make you say whatever we wanted."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,On screen...
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,...Christmas is about something much more important!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,What?
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,[voice softens] Presents.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,[softly] Ah.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,"Don't you see, Kyle?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,Yeah.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Presents.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,The audience...
A Very Crappy Christmas,Various Folk,...Presents.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Man 5,"My God, they're right!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Mackey,"Christmas is about presents. If we all buy presents, everyone benefits. M'kay?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Randy,That is the spirit of Christmas. Commercialism. Because it's what makes our country work!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"They're starting to understand, Johnson."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Ms. Choksondik,"We got so caught up in the little things of Christmas, like love and family that... we almost forgot it's buying things that makes our economy thrive."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"[wearing a handlebar mustache, in falsetto] Hey, the shops are still open. We still have time to shop. [the crowd starts to clamor in agreement, and soon the shops around South Park turn their lights on. Red Harris opens his toy shop up, and the crowd fills the streets, first cheering, then chatting]"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"You did it, Mr. Hankey. You brought back the spirit of Christmas!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mr. Hankey,"No, you did it, boys!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Autumn,"Aw, hell, we all did it!"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Mayor,"Kids, that cartoon was fabulous. How would you like to have your own show and make 100 more of them?"
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Are you kidding? I think we'd rather stab ourselves in the head.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,Yeah. Let's just go home and open our presents.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Kyle,"[to Stan] Hey man, if you're Jewish you get presents for eight days."
A Very Crappy Christmas,Stan,Wow! Count me in!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Cartman,Yeah! I'll be a Jew too.
A Very Crappy Christmas,Boys,[leaving with the Mayor] Dreidel dreidel dreidel I made you out of clay Dreidel dreidel dreidel With dreidel I will play!
A Very Crappy Christmas,Scene Description,End of A Very Crappy Christmas. Rats rush in from all sides and nibble on Kenny's body.
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Morning, bus stop. Stan and Kenny wait for the bus, and Kyle arrives."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,[joining the two other boys] Hey you guys! Look what I have!
It Hits the Fan,Stan,What?
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,Four tickets to The Lion King on stage!
It Hits the Fan,Stan and Kenny,[pause] ...Oh.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Aww, come on, you guys! It's supposed to be really cool."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Yeah - no - I'd, it, it sounds really cool."
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"[off-screen, but rushes in] You guys!!! Hey you guys!!! Oh my God!! Oh my God, you guys!!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"What, doughboy?"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"I was just- [looks stung, then flashes an angry look at Kyle] I was just watching the TV! They had this commercial."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,So?
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"So, guess what they're gonna say tonight on that show, Cop Drama."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,What?
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"No, come on! Guess! They're gonna say something that's never been said on television."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,What?!
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,You'll never guess.
It Hits the Fan,Stan,What?!
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,Guess.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Goddamnit, Cartman! What are they gonna say on Cop Drama?"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"You ready? [focus on Cartman] Tonight, on Cop Drama, on TV, they're gonna say, [looks both ways] ""Shit."""
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"[gasps] They're gonna say ""shit"" on television?"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"They can't say ""shit"" on television!"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"It was just on the news! People are freaking out, dude."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Holy fucking shit!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"By this time a counter, with the number 2 appears, and it goes up whenever ""shit"" is said"
It Hits the Fan,Kenny,(Dude! We've gotta watch!)
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,Yeah. I'm gonna have people over to my house to see it.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,Bu- but I got these tickets to see Lion King on stage.
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Maybe you didn't hear me, Kyle: I said ""shit"" on television!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Counter goes up a number, reading 3"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,It's just a marketing ploy by the network. Like that time they had the first male-to-male kiss with Terrance and Phillip?
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Aw, come, on dude! This is history."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,It's stupid!
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Jeez, you're a little irritable, Kyle. What's the matter? You got some sand in your vagina?"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"No, I don't have sand in my vagina! I just think it's a little immature for us to be standing around talking about one dumb word being on TV!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Day, South Park Center for Seismic Activity, water cooler. Randy Marsh and three others shoot the breeze there"
It Hits the Fan,Randy,"Hey, uh, Sam, did you hear the news?"
It Hits the Fan,Sam,"Yeah, they're gonna say ""shit"" on television."
It Hits the Fan,Colleague 1,"[balding man] Hey, we should all get together and watch it at the bar."
It Hits the Fan,Colleague 2,[with light brown hair] Yeaaahhh!
It Hits the Fan,Sam,Yeah.
It Hits the Fan,Randy,Yeah.
It Hits the Fan,Colleague 2,Are you guys gonna let your kids watch?
It Hits the Fan,Randy,"Oh, sure, I mean, you know, Cop Drama is a very artsy, dramatic show."
It Hits the Fan,Sam,"And they're gonna say ""shit""!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Day, sidewalk. Butters is tagging TELE's as Kyle walks up to him"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Hey, Butters! [Butters turns to see Kyle, and the tag is shown: ""Butters""] I got tickets to go see Lion King tonight, and I decided to invite [points] YOU before anybody else."
It Hits the Fan,Butters,"Oh, sorry, I can't. [Kyle is disappointed] They're gonna say ""shit"" on Cop Drama, and my mom and dad say I have to watch it with them so that I don't take it the wrong way."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,How many ways are there to take it?! It's just a stupid word!
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"[walks by] Hey everybody, it's on in thirty minutes! [people get in their cars and peel out of there, while those on the sidewalks quickly disperse. Only Kyle is left, bewildered]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Night, the town bar. Many of the town's men, including Randy and his coworkers, are inside watching ""Cop Drama."" The officers in the show speak in hushed tones."
It Hits the Fan,Cop,"[voice-over] Listen, Mitchell, I put my life on the line every day. How dare you accuse me!"
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, I bet this is it! Here it comes."
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,"I'm doing my job, Frank! We have to know where that evidence was shipped!"
It Hits the Fan,Jimbo,"Oh, was that it? Was that it?!"
It Hits the Fan,Randy,"[annoyed] Shipped. He said ""shipped""."
It Hits the Fan,Frank,"I told you, we don't have a record of that. And besides, -"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Cut to Cartman's house, night. Cartman sits on the sofa with Stan, Kyle and Kenny, and he's eating from a box of Cheesy Poofs"
It Hits the Fan,Frank,- your job is to protect the men who serve this force.
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Goddamn it! When are they gonna say ""shit""?!"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Sh!
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,Maybe... maybe protect them from you?
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Cut to Chef's house, bedroom. He and Principal Victoria watch the show together in bed."
It Hits the Fan,Frank,Maybe you're forgetting who you're talking to!
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,"And maybe you're forgetting I used to be a cop, too!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Cut to the Broflovski house, living room. Sheila and Sharon are enjoying some popcorn as they view the show. Sheila is in the arnchair"
It Hits the Fan,Frank,Yeah? You used to be a lot of things.
It Hits the Fan,Sheila,"Oh, he doesn't know that Mitchell slept with his wife, does he?"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Cut to the old folks home.
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,"That's it, I've had enough of this."
It Hits the Fan,Frank,"Don't you turn your back on me, you!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Cut to New York's Times Square, in which a large crowd watches the show from behind a N.Y.P.D. police line"
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,"I said, enough!"
It Hits the Fan,Frank,Is it?
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Cut back to Cartman's house.
It Hits the Fan,Frank,Will it... ever be enough?
It Hits the Fan,Announcer,Cop Drama will return after these messages.
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Jesus Christ! Another commercial? Are they ever gonna say ""shit?"""
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,I'm sure they're just holding it 'til the very last scene.
It Hits the Fan,Stan and Kyle,Uh! [Kyle drops from the sofa and heads away]
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Where are you going, Kyle?"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,[stops and looks back] I'm going to the kitchen! This is stupid!
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"But you're gonna miss it! They're gonna say ""shit"" and you're gonna miss it!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,I don't really give a fuck! [turns and walks away]
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Oh.
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"The bar, later."
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,Just understand that it's my job. I still think you're a good cop.
It Hits the Fan,Frank,"Well, Mitchell. I guess you're goin'ta do what you're gonna do. Let's just try and stay friends no matter what."
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,You're right. Maybe I'll see you around.
It Hits the Fan,Frank,"Goodbye. Oh, and Mitchell? [voice lowers to a whisper] You've got some shit on the side of your mouth right there."
It Hits the Fan,Mitchell,"Oh, yeah, thanks, thanks."
It Hits the Fan,Bar Patrons,Wow!!!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Cartman's house...
It Hits the Fan,The Boys,Whoa!!!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Chef's bedroom...
It Hits the Fan,Chef and Principal Victoria,Oh!!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,The old folks home...
It Hits the Fan,Old Folks,Whoa!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Times Square... the crowd there cheers
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,The bar...
It Hits the Fan,Jimbo,[awed] They did it!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Cartman's house...
It Hits the Fan,Stan,I can't believe they actually said it. [Kyle returns with some food]
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Dude! You missed it, Kyle! It was so awesome!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,Well! I hope it lived up to all the hype! You must feel so much better now!
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Kyle, we've gotta get that sand out of your vagina. It's making you cranky. Does it itch?"
