The Poor Kid,Stuart,You're hurting me!
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"You have the right to remain silent. Now please look at the camera and say ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."""
The Poor Kid,Stuart,"I'm white trash and I'm in trouble. [""IN TROUBLE"" is stamped on the screen right away. This happens after every admission of ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble.""]"
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"Alright, good. Now get in the car! [Stuart gets in. A crowd gathers to view this scene]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[filming with his phone] Oh wow, poor people being arrested. What a rare occurrence. [chuckles and waves with his left hand] Hi, Kenny! Kenny, wave! [to his phone] That's Kenny, about to be sent to a foster home. Pretty funny."
The Poor Kid,Officer 2,"Just have a seat in there, kids. [puts the kids into the back seat]"
The Poor Kid,Kevin,"[still drunk, but mocking] Just have a seat in there, kids. [the cop closes the door]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, later."
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"The mother and father will probably be released from jail on Monday, but I guess the kids are gonna be taken away for good. Child Protective Services is about to talk to them in the soft room."
The Poor Kid,Officer 3,The soft room?
The Poor Kid,Officer 1,"You know, the room we have set aside for kids to feel safe in."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The soft room. It's a room with large pictures of friendly-faced clowns on all four walls. Against the walls are toys and games for small kids to enjoy as they wait. The McCormick kids sit on a sofa, looking around the room scared at the clown pictures. The door opens and a heavy-set man walks in."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Hi kids, how you doin'? My name's Mr. Adams and I just need to get some info from you. Does that sound okay?"
The Poor Kid,Karen,"[scared, sniffling, she holds on to Kenny] Can I see my mommy?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"No, sorry. Now, [opens a folder] I've been looking over your file and I see you kids have all been horribly physically and emotionally abused. [the kids look at him in astonishment] Oh whoops, that isn't your case file, it's the Penn State University Gazette. [laughs] I'm joking, that's just a joke, we like to have fun here. [closes the folder and shows it to the kids] It is your case file. I was just all like ""it's the Penn State Gazette"" to be like a joke, we have fun. Now listen, you're gonna be put into a foster home, so I need to know... would you like to go to Neverland Ranch, a Catholic church, or Penn State University? [laughs at his own joke] We're havin' fun here, aren't we? I just, I come up with these and the guys, it's good to laugh. [goes to the door and yells into the hall] I just asked them if they wanted to go to Neverland, a Catholic church, or Penn State. [closes the door and returns to his chair] I'm a trickster. People say I'm really meant for comedy. Here's my head shot just in case you know anybody. [shows his picture, then hands out copies to the kids] Can't hurt, right? Okay, now, are we all startin' to feel a little bit better? [Karen cries] Oh come on now, how about that smile? I'm gonna GET [holds out his right palm] you to smile! I'm gonna GET [holds out his right palm again] you to smile! [silence] A Penn State administrator walks into a bar. Where's that smile? How about this one? Joe Paterno doesn't walk into a police station. Come on, that's a good one."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallway. Stan walks over to Kyle"
The Poor Kid,Stan,Did you hear anything more about what happened?
The Poor Kid,Kyle,"Dude, I don't think Kenny's coming back. My dad said those Child Protective Services people are pretty serious."
The Poor Kid,Stan,We can't let Kenny be sent away forever. There's gotta be something we can do.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[runs up to the other two with a memo pad] Guys! Guys! I've been workin' on it, and I think I have some answers."
The Poor Kid,Stan,Really?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Yeah. I've gone through every student in the school, and I'm pretty sure now that Kenny's gone, the poor kid is Craig!"
The Poor Kid,Kyle,That's what you care about?! Who's the poorest kid in school now?!
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Pretty much went through everybody. Craig's got the mo- [noticing Craig coming into view] sh, sh sh sh sh. Here he comes, here he comes. [as Craig passes by] Heya, Craig, your uh... your family get you that jacket at Walmart or Kmart? [stifles a laugh]"
The Poor Kid,Craig,What are you talking about?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Nothing dude, it's cool, it's cool. I mean, we would tell your parents to shop at nicer places, but... your mom is so poor she can't even pay attention. [stifles a laugh]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"A rundown two-story house somewhere, day. Two police officers arrive with the McCormick kids at their new home, A man answers the door as his wife stands some distance away from it."
The Poor Kid,Officer 2,"Mr. and Mrs. Weatherhead, we have the new foster kids for your care. [the kids enter]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Very good, we'll take them from here. Children, enter. [the kids walk in further, the cops leave, Mr. Weatherhead closes the door, and Mrs. Weatherhead's face gets stern] Welcome to your new home. Before we show you around let's get one thing clear: this is a very strict religious household! As long as you live here you will be agnostic! [leads the children to a group of nine other kids] These are your foster brothers and sisters! They are all strict agnostics! David, do you believe in God?!"
The Poor Kid,David,[blond boy with glasses] I don't know...
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Right! There are two bedrooms upstairs! Boys' room and girls' room! Your chores are listed on their respective doors! Follow! [guides them into the kitchen] You will eat only at designated meal times! Beverages you may take from the refrigerator as you like! However, in this house you will drink only agnostic beverages! [opens the refrigerator door to reveal the contents] Dr Pep-er, and Diet Dr Pep-er! [takes out a can and shows it to the kids] Because what flavor is it?! It is neither root beer nor cola! Nobody is sure what flavor it is, and nobody can be sure! Isn't that right, Melissa?!"
The Poor Kid,Melissa,[ginger girl] I don't know.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,Good!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Computer Lab, day. Butters is doing research for Cartman as Cartman watches."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"This is awesome, Butters! You really think you got something?!"
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Yep. To find out who the poorest kid is, I actually was able to see which kids in school got those coupons they hand out for school lunch."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Eh yeah?
The Poor Kid,Butters,So then I cross-referenced all the kids who were on half-priced lunches with the tax records of people in town to see which kids' parents actually made the least amount of money last year.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[laughs] Heh heh, yeah?"
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Well actually, Eric, it's you. [Cartman keeps his smile for a few seconds more, then frowns.]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,What?
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Now that Kenny's gone, [points to Cartman] your household actually has the lowest income. [Cartman is stunned, then dejected. Butters consoles him] I'm sorry, pal."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[hops off his chair and moves off a bit, then gets a panicked look] Oh my God... If we found this out it's only a matter of time before everybody else does."
The Poor Kid,Butters,"Uh, I won't tell anybody."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[turns around and glares at Butters] Oh come on! We're not the only ones who wanted to look into this! You think, you think Kyle isn't on the computer right now tryin' to see who the poorest kid in school is?! Oh he is gonna have such a field day, that heartless Jew! [makes a fist, then crosses his arms] Well I won't give him the satisfaction!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Bill and Red are chatting, Lola talks to Bebe. As the kids mill around, Cartman comes around the corner and moves from person to person as he speaks."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Alright, let's hear it for Kyle! [claps] He's so funny, isn't he guys?! With all his jokes about Cartman being poor. You guys hear how poor Cartman's mom is?! His mom is so poor the ducks throw bread at her! Hahaha! Yeah, that's super funny, guys! [Stan and Kyle turn from their lockers to look at him] Laugh it up, everyone! [ends up by Stan and Kyle] Cartman's mom is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers! HA! I beat you to it, Kyel!"
The Poor Kid,Kyle,"[slowly so that there's no mistake] My name. Is not. ""Kyel""."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,That's kewl! Whatever Kyel! Must be nice having everything you want! [runs away]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Cartman residence, the same day. Liane enters the living room with groceries and sees her son on the armchair."
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Hi, sweetie."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[sighs] Sit down Mom, we need to have a talk."
The Poor Kid,Liane,"[sets the groceries on the floor] Oh, what is it this time? [sits down on the sofa]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Mom, how are you going to start bringing more money into this household?"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"What, hon?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"You have to start doing more, Mom! What are you doing with your time?!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Eric, I'm working two jobs. Mommy's doing everything she can."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Yeah, see, the problem, Mom, is that with Kenny gone I'm now the poorest kid in skewl!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Well, we're in a tough economy, Eric. I don't know what else you want me to do about it."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[trying to get this straight] We're in a tough economy. You don't know what else I want you to do about it. Life isn't handed to you, Mom! You can't just sit on your ass and expect some money to appear!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Eric, we aren't that much poorer than most people."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Not much huh?! My mom is so poor, when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps!"
The Poor Kid,Liane,Oh. [laughs]
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"IT'S NOT FUNNY, MOM!! [runs off]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Cartman is on his bed crying"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,My mom is so poor she waves around a Popsicle and calls it air conditioning. I wish I could be put in a kewl foster home like Kenny's familyyy.
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Weatherhead house, night. There are cows everywhere and no pavement on the sidewalk or path to the house. In the girls' room there are six girls, and one of them is crying while the others sleep. It's Karen. A shadow comes over her and she stops crying when she notices. She gets on her knees in bed"
The Poor Kid,Karen,"Huh? [calms down] Oh, it's you. [smiles. In the window is Mysterion!] I was wondering when you'd appear. You always come when I'm sad."
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"You are going to be okay, Karen! You have to keep believing that!"
The Poor Kid,Karen,Why did my mommy and daddy go to jail?
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"[thinks a moment] Sometimes, people do stupid things. Sometimes they don't realize what should have come first. Until it's too late."
The Poor Kid,Karen,But I'm all alone now.
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"You are not alone. No matter where you go, no matter what you do, I will always be here! Do you understand?"
The Poor Kid,Karen,"I'll try, guardian angel."
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,"Don't try, Karen. Do. [the bedroom light comes on]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"What in the name of nobody knows are you doing, Karen?! [she looks back at him, then at the window. Mysterion is gone. Mr. Weatherhead goes to the window and looks out to see what Karen was looking at. Failing to see him, he closes the windows and keeps vigil for a bit]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. A phone rings and one of the officers answers it.
The Poor Kid,Officer 4,"Police man. [starts taking notes] Yes. Yes. Alright, thanks for the tip. We'll check it out. [hangs up] Better call the lieutenant. Looks like we've got another meth lab in town."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. The front yard is full of police, and a few of them are inside, as seen through the open front door. Liane is being arrested and nearby are two suitcases"
The Poor Kid,Officer 5,Got any needles on you? Any crack pipes?
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Oh, oh, my goodness no. I haven't used drugs in quite a while."
The Poor Kid,Officer 5,Then why is there a meth lab in your backyard?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[comes down the stairs in a Hawaiian shirt] What is going on here? Mom, what have you done? Were things so bad for you financially you had to turn to a life of crime?! My mom is so poor she uses Cheerios for earrings. Well... guess I'm off to a foster home then. [walks over to the suitcases and grabs the handles] Hawaii is my first choice. Something not exactly on the beach but maybe just a short walk away? [turns left and begins to walk out] It's gonna take me years to recover from being torn from my mother's arms. Only the ocean breezes and coconut trees can help me now."
The Poor Kid,Officer 5,"When will you people learn to lay off the Pabst Blue Ribbon? Now look at the camera and say ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."""
The Poor Kid,Liane,"Oh. Ah, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day, the soft room. Cartman sits there waiting for Mr. Adams, who soon enters."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Hi there, how you doin'? My name's Mr. Adams, and I'm with Child Protective Services. [sits down, but just as quickly gets up] Here's my head shot. [gives Cartman a picture of himself] I just need to get some information from you if that's okay."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[sets the picture aside] Yeah, yeah."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Okay, now it says here your mother was operating a meth lab."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,That's right.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"And it also says here that Penn State prefers to be losing at halftime? Because at Penn State they like when you're a little behind in the locker room. That's a joke. Did you get that one? It's a play on words, we like to have fun here."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Wha'? Dude, do you think this is funny?!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"We just - no, we just like to have fun here."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Well I'll tell you somethin'! Being from a low-income household isn't funny! Oh heell no, my momma's so poor she opened a Gmail account just so she could eat the spam! [Mr. Adams doesn't look too happy]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"What? What, is that supposed to be some kind of joke? You think you're funny?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,A joke?! You think being poor is a joke?!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,Could be worse.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,How?!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Could be in Happy Valley! On a scale from 1 to 10, how old should you be to stay away from Penn State?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Dude, my momma's so poor when she gets mad she can't afford to fly off the handle so she's gotta go Greyhound off the handle!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,[sighs] Two Penn State administrators walk into a butt-!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"On the road, day. Two police officers drive Cartman towards his new foster home"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Jesus, this is a long drive. Are we in Hawaii yet?"
The Poor Kid,Officer 6,Hawaii?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Yeah, that's where I requested to be sent."
The Poor Kid,Officer 7,"Your foster home is here, pretty much the exact opposite of Hawaii."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"What?? [looks out the window. A sign on the side of the road says ""Welcome to Greeley, 'The Exact Opposite of Hawaii"" Please drive safely"" A crow stands on top of the sign] Greeley?"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Weatherhead residence, same day. The kids are mopping, dusting, sweeping, or scrubbing the dining room area. Kenny is scrubbing the floor while Karen sweeps up nearby with a push broom. One boy is vacuuming the throw rug in the living room. Mr. Weatherhead walks by"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Come on now! This is not the way we've told you to tidy up! Remember? Cleanliness is next to godliness, so make it kind of clean but not too much! Amanda! More ambiguous on the dusting! [there's a knock on the door] Kenneth, answer the door! [Kenny gets up and walks to the front door, opens it, and allows Cartman in and closes the door]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"What the? Dude, this is like poorer than my old house!"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(What the fuck are you doing here?!)
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"Hello Eric, your room is upstairs on the left. Are you hungry?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,You're my new mom?
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,You can call me Mom if you like.
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Alright Mom, how much money do you make? Like gross yearly income after taxes?"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Upstairs. The boys' room is opened and Mr. Weatherhead shows Cartman in.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"This is where you'll sleep with your foster brothers. You will be clean, polite, and most importantly, you WILL follow the agnostic code: We cannot know with certainty if God or Christ exists. They COULD. Then again there COULD be a giant reptilian bird in charge of everything. Can we be CERTAIN there isn't? NO, so it's pointless to talk about. Now say it with me."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Goddamn, I've gotta sleep in a room with six other people?! How poor are we?!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"HEY! We do not take the Lord's name in vain in this house, just in case there is one! Do you understand, or do you need the punishment room?!"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Oh heell naw! [yells into the hallway] Mom! Dad's being mean to me! Mem! MEEM! [Mrs. Weatherhead walks in]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,My name. Is not. Meom!
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Greeley Elementary, day. There are cows all over the campus and the building is even plainer than South Park Elementary's. Inside, Cartman walks with Kenny and Karen down the hallway"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Oh God, I'm so nervous. These kids all seem kind of mean."
The Poor Kid,Karen,"I'll see you at recess, right?"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"(I'll be there, Karen.) [Karen walks into her classroom]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"You've already been here awhile, Kenny, so you have to introduce me to your friends, okay? And make sure they know I'm kewl. You've gotta have my back, Kenny! [Kenny walks up to a group of his new friends]"
The Poor Kid,Boy 1,"[with thick wavy hair] Oh hey, Kenny. Who's this?"
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(This is Eric Cartman.)
The Poor Kid,Boy 2,[the tall one] Does he live with you at the foster home?
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[moves past Kenny] Okay, alright, so listen: I know our family is poor, okay?! But before we lived there, Kenny was actually poorer than me! So technically, he's the poorest kid at this school!"
The Poor Kid,Boy 1,"What are you talking about? The poor kid in this school is Jacob Hallery. [Hallery is shown seated on some steps, looking unkempt and eating moldy bread]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Really?
The Poor Kid,Boy 2,"Yeah, dude. His dad died five years ago and his mom went crazy from depression, so she can't even keep a job."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[jumps for joy] YES! Yeheah, did you hear that Kenny?? We're good! I seriously thought we didn't stand a chance, but now... everything's gonna be okay! Cause I'm not (I'm not) the poor kid at school! [runs up to Jacob] Let's hear it for Jacob Hallery, guys! His mom is so poor she cuts coupons out to be institutionalized! Greeley Colorado's the place to be! It's a whole new beginning for you and me! Life can only get better 'cause I know one simple ruuule! I'm not (he's not) the poor kid at school!"
The Poor Kid,Boy 1,Did he do stuff like this at your old school?
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(Uh huh.)
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Let's put our hands up, everyone! 'Cept for Jacob. His mom is so poor she only understands hand-OUTS. [laughs even harder]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The principal's office, later. Cartman is facing the principal now."
The Poor Kid,Principal,"Eric, at Greeley Elementary we do not tolerate students making fun of other students."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I wasn't making fun of anybody.
The Poor Kid,Principal,"[reading from a report about the incident] A twenty-minute song and dance number with forty seven ""Yo momma so poor"" jokes directed at Jacob Hallery, which ended in a finale with fireworks."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I was just teasing.
The Poor Kid,Principal,"Your case worker has been notified, and he is not happy."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"My case worker? [looks over his shoulder and sees Mr. Adams walk in] Oh, not this guy!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adam,"I know this is a difficult adjustment for you, Eric! But you can't just turn all your frustrations on a little kid who can't defend himself! I mean, what do you think this is?! The shower room at Penn State?! I'm kidding. We like to have fun in our department, so I was like, I was like, ""What? Is this like the shower room at Penn State?!"" I joke around. This is my head shot. [hands the principal a picture of himself]"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,Will you stop with the Penn State jokes?! All you're doing is taking something topical and revamping old Catholic jokes!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"[a few seconds of silence] Oh! Oh, and ""your momma"" jokes are better?! They've been around since the '50s!"
The Poor Kid,Principal,"[exasperated, he pounds both fists on the desk] What the hell does this have to do with anything?!"
The Poor Kid,Girl 1,"Principal, you've gotta send help to the playground! They're about to beat up that new kid!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,The playground outside. Karen has been singled out and the other kids close in on her.
The Poor Kid,Jessica,"Aww, look at the new kid and her wittle dolly. You gonna cry some more in class, wimp?!"
The Poor Kid,Boy 3,L-leave her alone.
The Poor Kid,Jessica,Shut up! You foster twerps are all the same! Come on! Hand over the doll! [from on high Mysterion drops down in front of Karen] Who the hell is this?!
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,How about you find another little girl to pick on?
The Poor Kid,Jessica,"Mind your business, Peter Pan! [Mysterion kicks her in the stomach, then gives her a flying punch across the face which leads to a black eye, and punches her again, leading to her falling on her face]"
The Poor Kid,Mysterion,[pulling Jessica's head up by her hair] Karen McCormick is off limits! Do you understand?! Make sure everybody in this school knows! [drops some Chinese fireworks as a distraction while he takes Karen up to the roof.]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The Weatherhead house, night. The family is at table. Mr. Weatherhead leads grace as Mrs. Weatherhead serves dinner individually."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"And if this food comes as a gift from some divine intelligence, we understand that an intelligent being cannot blame us for questioning its existence. Nobody knows, nobody can know if any deity is watching over us. Amen."
The Poor Kid,Boy 4,Except for Karen's guardian angel.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What?
The Poor Kid,Melissa,"Where did he take you after he saved you, Karen?"
The Poor Kid,Karen,He just took me back to my classroom. Then he disappeared like always.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,[pounds the table] What have we told you about making up angel stories?!
The Poor Kid,Girl 3,But we SAW him. He leaped down from the sky.
The Poor Kid,David,And he kicked the crap out of Jessica Pinkerton. [the other kids begin to chime in]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"[moving quickly to the head of the table] Stop it, children! We do not speak such certainties in this house!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Get down to the basement, all of you! It's time for the Punishment Room! [Kenny gets angry]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The basement, also known as the Punishment Room, later. David is now tied up and dangling from one of the beams. Mrs. Weatherhead douses him with a torrent of Dr Pep-er. The Weatherheads have kegs of it down there."
The Poor Kid,David,AAAAAAAH!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Now, did you see an angel?!"
The Poor Kid,David,"No, I - no - I didn't see an angel."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"No, you can't be certain of that! You might've seen one! [to his wife] Hit him with the Dr Pep-er again. [the wife lets loose the drink once again, then stops] Are there such things as angels?!"
The Poor Kid,David,Maybe.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,Good! [the wife lets loose the drink once again]
The Poor Kid,Karen,"What do we do, Kenny? [Kenny isn't there] Kenny?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What is the meaning of life?!
The Poor Kid,David,It's impossible to knoooow!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"That's right! [a knock is soon heard, and it's persistent]"
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,Who could that be? [the adults go upstairs and to the front door to answer it]
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Mr. and Mrs. Weatherhead, I received some disturbing news that all you're providing the foster children here to drink is soda?"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Haha, I told on you Mom and Dad!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What business is that of yours?!
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,It's my business because Child Protective Services is accountable for these kids! [he now talks more calmly] Have I given you my head shot?
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"Yes, yes, we have that."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Okay now, are you only giving these kids Dr Pepper to drink?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"If we want to serve agnostic beverages in this house, then by Goddish we'll do it! The children you've sent here are undisciplined and talking about the certainty of angels! [a window breaks upstairs and the Weatherheads go up to see where it broke]"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"Excuse me! [waits, then sighs] Let's have a look around."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"Upstairs, the Weatherheads enter the girls' room and find the walls covered in colored question marks - the sign of Mysterion. The Weatherheads walk towards the window"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,What the? Who did this?
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,What is that? [Mysterion turns right and runs down the hallway and into the boys' room. The Weatherheads follow suit and find Mysterion squatting on the window sill. Mysterion drops down and out of view. The Weatherheads reach the window]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,It was like a... little mystery person... flying around.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Almost like some kind of... agnostic angel. [notices a note pinned to the outside wall with a knife. He removes the note and reads it. ""Look in the fridge.""]"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"The basement. Mr. Adams and Cartman get to the floor and Mr. Adams finds the door to the Punishment Room locked, so he decides to run into it. This proves successful, and Mr. Adams gets to see what his work has led to."
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,Oh my God. [David is still dangling from the beam and the other kids are still in the corner by the water heater] What's going on here?
The Poor Kid,David,[softly] We don't know... We can't possibly know...
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"[leans back on the door frame] What have I done? [sits in the doorway with his head in his hands] I took you kids from your parents without even checking into where you were going! I put innocent children into a dangerous environment! What am I, a recruitment coach for Penn State? [begins to cry. Cartman laughs] It's not funny!"
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,The ground floor. The Weatherheads make their way slowly to the refrigerator.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"There's nothing in there but Dr Pepper, right? There can't be. [inside is one can of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer with a question mark attached to it with a spring. Mrs. Weatherhead opens the door quickly and finds the can]"
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,Ohhh...
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"How did that get here?! [takes the can out, and his wife closes the door] It says it's a Pabst Blue Ribbon."
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,What is it?
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,[opens the can and takes a sip] It's like beer... but different. [hands it to his wife]
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,[takes a sip] But how did it get here? [they begin to take turns sipping the beer.]
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,Outside. Greeley police cars have pulled up and cops have poured out. Some of them are taking the Weatherheads out of the house as the foster kids watch.
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Shut your mouth, bitch!"
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,"You shut your mouth, you filth-fucking asshole!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Fuck you, bitch!"
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 1,"You have the right to remain silent. Now look at the camera and say ""I'm white trash and I'm in trouble."""
The Poor Kid,Mrs. Weatherhead,I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 2,"Get in the car, you!"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Weatherhead,"Wait a minute, I'm white trash and I'm in trouble?"
The Poor Kid,Mr. Adams,"No, no, take all these kids back to their parents! We've embarrassed the system and made it something nobody wants to be a part of! It's like a Penn State homecoming party! [covers his face and begins to cry. Nearby, Cartman is already in the back seat of a cruiser as a third cop talks to him]"
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 3,"A false police report can carry up to a two-month prison term, son."
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I'm not saying it.
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 3,"We can do this the easy way, or we can do it hard!"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,I'm not saying it!
The Poor Kid,Greeley officer 3,Then we'll add another charge for resisting!
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Okay, fine! [turns to the camera] I'm white trash and I'm in trouble!"
The Poor Kid,Narrator,"Three arrests in just one power-packed episode, proving once again that we are all just one Pabst Blue Ribbon away from becoming... white trash in trouble! Sponsored by Schlitz."
The Poor Kid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are once again in the hallway, but this time they're cheering Kenny's return"
The Poor Kid,Stan,"Well it sure is good to have you back, Kenny."
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"(Thanks, Stan.)"
The Poor Kid,Kyle,I hear your parents might give up selling meth for good.
The Poor Kid,Kenny,(Good for me.)
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[walks up] There he is, there's my buddy."
The Poor Kid,Kyle,"How was jail, fatass?!"
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"Well, I did a lot of thinking. And you know, guys, there's an important lesson I think we've all learned. What do we do when the tables are turned? The day's looking brighter. Gray skies are turning blue. 'Cause I'm not (He's not, he's not) the poor kid at school! Kenny's back and it's such a thrill. Now I'm rich just like Stan and Kiul! All that matters is no one thinks I'm a tool! 'Cause I'm not (He's not, he's not) That's right, the poor kid in school. Sing it with me, guys! He's not the poor kid in school. (He's not) I'm not- [a giant reptilian bird's head smashes through the roof and second floor of the school and the kids clear out as the head looks around]"
The Poor Kid,Kids,Aaaah! [the beak grabs Kenny and swings him back and forth between the lockers]
The Poor Kid,Kenny,"(AAAAHH!) [the bird opens its mouth and swallows Kenny, then flies away. The kids look through the massive hole left by the bird]"
The Poor Kid,Stan,...What the fuck?!
The Poor Kid,Cartman,"[begins to cry and walk away while Kyle stares angrily at him] Aww, my mom is so poor she walks down the road with one shoooe. [backs up] And if you ask her if she lost a shoe, she'd say ""No, I found ooone."""
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Donovan house. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Clyde are playing football in the backyard."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,"Throw it here! Throw it here! [Clyde throws the ball.] Yeah! Nice one, Clyde! [Clyde's mom shouts through the window.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Clyde! Clyde! Clyde, get up here! Hurry! [Clyde runs in with panic. The boys follow him.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Betsy is waiting Clyde in the bathroom with an angry expression. Clyde comes in and the other boys wait him outside.
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,[points at the toilet] What is that?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,A toilet?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"That's right. It's a toilet, Clyde. And where is the toilet seat? It's up, because you left it up, again! We've been through this countless times, Clyde."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Okay mom, just not in front of my friends okay?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"No, not okay. Because you aren't getting the message! What if I'd fallen in? Start listening to me! Put it down! Put it down! [Clyde hurriedly puts it down. Betsy walks to the door] Thank you. [Clyde stands alone, embarrassed.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[whistles] Dude, that sucks, Clyde. A mom shouldn't be able to put rules on toilet-time like that. Toilet-time is the last bastion of American freedom."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Is your mom always like that dude?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Look, could you guys just not say anything about this in school, please?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[puts his arm on Clyde] Of course, man. It's cool."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in class."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[imitating Clyde's mom] Clyde, Clyde! What have I told you about pissing on the seat? And Clyde's all like ""Ah, okay mom, fuck! Not in front of my friends! [He laughs, Butters joins him.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"Cartman, it was actually really lame."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartmam,"I know, right. Women are just jealous 'cause they have to sit outwards to pee and crap."
Reverse Cowgirl,Butters,"[laughs] Wait a minute! You're supposed to poop on the toilet facing out? [looks around] But I thought you sit on the toilet this way. [demonstrates by sitting backwards on his chair] So that you have that nice little shelf for your comics and chocolate milk? Well, because you got the flusher right here. No? [turns around] Oh jeez, that's embarrassing."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"[offscreen] Clyde! Clyde! [comes in wearing a nightgown, a coat and slippers] There you are!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Mom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Clyde Donovan, you come home this instant!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Why?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,What have I told you about putting the toilet seat down after you go to the bathroom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Mom, I'm in class."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"How many times do I have to tell you Clyde? I was trying to get ready for work and the toilet seat was up, again."
Reverse Cowgirl,Roger,"Betsy, come back home. It's just not that big a deal."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"No, Roger! It's a disgusting habit and I'm sick and tired of it. If I had sat down, I would have gotten toilet water all over my vagina."
Reverse Cowgirl,Butters,My grandma is from Virginia. [smiles]
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"You're coming home right now, and you're putting the seat down where it belongs. Let's go."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"[Looks down in embarrassment, leaves the classroom.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. Cartman is lying on his bed with his pajamas on and he is cutting his toenails and eating Thwizlers while talking on the phone."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Dude, I'm telling you it was fucking hysterical. Clyde had to get up in the middle of class and follow his mom home to put the seat down. He was so embarrassed, dude, I thought he was gonna die."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. Kyle is talking on the phone while his family is seen eating dinner behind."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"I know, fatass. I was there."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"His mom... His mom goes: ""Clyde you're an asshole and now I have toilet water in my vagayjay."""
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,That's not what she said. You're putting extras on again. It's not that funny.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,I know dude. The bathroom is the last bastion of American freedom.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Don't you just feel a little bad for Clyde?
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,Nuh-uh.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Well you should. The poor guy shouldn't be screamed for something that just isn't that big a deal at all. [police siren is heard offscreen.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Donovan house, night. The police, firefighters, ambulance and a crowd of people has gathered around the house. A ladder is placed to reach the second floor window. The camera pans to Stan and Kenny with Kyle approaching them."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,What's going on?
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,They are trying to save Clyde's mom.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,From what?
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,They're saying Clyde left the toilet seat up again.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Donovan's bathroom. Betsy is stuck in the toilet, moaning and desperately trying to get herself out. Three firemen, a paramedics figure and Clyde are standing beside her."
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 1,Hang it there. You're going to be fine okay? Stay with me now. [Another fireman approaches Roger.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 2,"I'm sorry, there's nothing we can do."
Reverse Cowgirl,Roger,What?!
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 2,"When she fell into the toilet, she also made it flush. It created a suction that's literally pulling out her insides."
Reverse Cowgirl,Roger,Can't we disconnect the toilet from the plumbing?
Reverse Cowgirl,Paramedic,"Yes, we'll have to, but when we do that the change in pressure will rip out her organs."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"But she's not gonna die, is she?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Fireman 2,"Why did you leave the toilet seat up, son?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Clyde! Clyde! [Clyde goes next to her.] Clyde, I want you to know I don't blame you for this. We should have been h-h-harder on you all those times you left the toilet seat up."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,"Mom, I'm sorry."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"Shhh! Sh! I.. don't... have a lot of time, Clyde. Just please put the toilet seat down from now on for your sister's sake, please. Oh, God, please let me go. Let me go. Do it! Do it! Do it! [The third fireman shuts off the plumbing. Betsy screams while her organs are pulled out, then stops, apparently dead.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Mom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The church. It's the funeral of Betsy Donovan. A plain chant is heard. Stephen Stotch is giving his speech.
Reverse Cowgirl,Stephen,"I'll always remember Betsy Donovan's kind nature, more than anything. She always treated people with dignity and respect. [The camera zooms out. Betsy's corpse in the coffin is seen with a heavy make-up and a pink dress, yet still stuck in the toilet.] What a tragedy she had to leave us so soon. But I'm sure Betsy is hoping that her death will help women everywhere, just take that extra second to look before they sit on a toilet. [Sharon and Sheila look at each other in disbelief.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Linda,"I'd like to say on behalf of the departed, that it isn't a woman's responsibility to see that the seat is down. It's a man's responsibility to put it down. It's not that hard. [all the women start to applause]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Women,"Yeah, yes. That's right."
Reverse Cowgirl,Man With Grey Hair,[reads from a paper] Putting the toilet seat down isn't that hard. So is it too much to ask women to just look and put it down before they go plopping their butts blindly to the toilet bowl?
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman With Brown Hair,"My God, people. This is a funeral! Please have some respect! There's a little boy here who has lost his mother! [Clyde is shown, looking down in sorrow] He'll never see her again, because he couldn't take that sixth-tenths of a second to put the seat down when he was done peeing. [camera shows the woman again] And now little Clyde's mother is dead, and the blood is on his penis. [organ music is played]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, day. Two men from the TSA ring on the door. Cartman is watching Terrance and Phillip while eating cereal."
Reverse Cowgirl,Terrance,"Crap. It's too bad we didn't find any treasure on the subway, Phillip."
Reverse Cowgirl,Phillip,"Oh, hello, Ugly Bob. [the doorbell rings again]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Ugly Bob,Hello Terrance. Hello Phillip.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Mom, get the door! [Liane walks in to answer the door]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Terrance,"You're looking hideously ugly today, Ugly Bob."
Reverse Cowgirl,Ugly Bob,How come you guys say stuff like that?
Reverse Cowgirl,Phillip,Because you're goddamn ugly... [The sound from the TV fades away]
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 1,"Hello ma'am, we're the Toilet Safety Administration."
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,The what?
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 2,"After the recent tragedy, new safety regulations require us to check every toilet for security. Can we come in?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,Oh sure. [The TSA employees come in and go upstairs to the bathroom.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,Who are these buttholes?
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,"It's the Toilet Safety Administration, hun. They're gonna do something to the potty."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,My potty? What are they going to do to it? [runs upstairs]
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The hallway. The TSA employees enter the bathroom while Cartman runs after them.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Hey, hey! That's my bathroom! [Liane follows him]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The bathroom.
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 1,"Oh yeah, we're gonna have to completely redo this ma'am."
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,Oh.
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 1,"You need to have this counter moved to a minimum of six inches, but we'll go ahead and install your safety belt."
Reverse Cowgirl,Liane,Safety belt?
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 2,Federal law requires all toilets to be fitted with a safety harness so that nobody can fall in.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Dude, you can't make me wear a seatbelt to take a dump."
Reverse Cowgirl,TSA agent 2,"This is for your safety. A woman died, you know."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Yeah but the blood's on Clyde's wiener, not mine."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Hoffman & Turk Law Office. Clyde, Kyle, Stan and Jimmy are talking to an attorney who is reading a case file."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"Sir, we are really worried about our friend Clyde. Everywhere he goes people are telling him he had blood on his wiener."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Uh-uh, go on."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,We keep trying to tell him maybe this all isn't his fault. Maybe the people who made the toilet are to blame for what happened.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,So we were just wondering if we could sue somebody.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,You can always sue somebody.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"All right, you see, Clyde. Okay, we wanna help him sue whoever invented the toilet."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"You got it. [types on his computer] Here we go, the inventor of the toilet. [the camera shows the webpage he's reading, which turns out to be a Wickie page] Sir Thomas Harrington. In England, died in 1692."
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,"Aw, he's dead?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,So then we can't sue him?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Why not? You can always sue somebody. It's just gonna take some special protocol. We would have to perform a sue-ance. [spooky music, lightning and thunder follow]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,A...a...a...a sue-ance?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"You bet. Here at Hoffman and Turk we specialize in suing the dead. If you hire us, we'll work hard, for you."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,"Wow, really?!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,[puts his arm around Clyde] You hear that Clyde?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,Now look. I'll be asking all of you to have a very open mind and a willingness to face you fears. [draws a curtain] I warn you boys. A sue-ance can be very... expensive.
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,How expensive?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,How much do you have?
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,Clyde got $3000 from his mom's life insurance
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Wow! That's exactly how much a sue-ance costs. [Dramatic music plays. The camera zooms to the man, then pans to the boys.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,"Wow, that's weird."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Randy is sitting on a toilet. He yawns, then farts. A ladder is put on the window, with a cop on it knocking on the window"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Aw, damn it. [reaches the seatbelt. The cop knocks again, so he opens the window.] He, hey officer."
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,"If you're stting on the toilet you need to wear your safety belt, sir."
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, I know, I had it on. I just took it off for a second to get the uh... to get to the uh..."
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,The address here is 260 Avenue de los Mexicanos?
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Oh, come on, don't give me a ticket!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,Gotta wear your safety belt or you could fall in.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,I'm not gonna fall in. I'm not a chick. [puts his belt on]
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,"The law is the law sir. [hands over the ticket] You can pay this by mail or appear in court on that date. Have a good day, sir. [leaves]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,Yeah thanks. [under his breath] Asshole.
Reverse Cowgirl,Officer,[comes up] You say something?
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"No, I was talking to my asshole. C-C'mon, asshole. Let's get back to work. [the cop leaves]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"International House of Pancakes (IHOP), day. Cartman and Butters are in the long line for the bathroom. Butters looks impatient because of retaining his pee."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,This is unbelievable. Stupid Toilet Safety Administration. You can't even take a crap at IHOP without a forty minute line!
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Booth,"Shoes off, belts off! Sharp objects go in the plastic tray!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 1,This is inhumane.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Booth,Shut up! Sir.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Two TSA agents are examining a woman for the toilet pass.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Taking a dump today, ma'am?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 2,"No, just need to pee."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,I'll just need to check inside your aaasshole. [Cartman comes in]
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Hey, how about you people speed it up in here? I'm about to crap my pants and I demand access to the toilet right now!"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"All right, do you mind if I touch your balls, sir?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,What? Yes I'd mind! Do you mind if I touch your fucking balls?
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,"[flushes and comes out the toilet cabin] Okay, I'm done."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Alright, sir. I just need to check inside your aaasshole. [takes out a handkerchief and starts wiping his butt]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,I don't need you wiping my ass for me. I'm a grown man.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Yes, you're a big boy, aren't you, sir?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,"Yeah, I'm a big boy."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"That's a big boy, sir."
Reverse Cowgirl,Gerald,I'm a big boy. I took a big boy poop.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,Yes.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle, Clyde, Jimmy and the attorney are sitting around a table in a dark room. The attorney lights two candles."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Alright boys, sit down and clear your minds. The sue-ance is about to begin. Doors and windows are locked. You boys have your $500 in cash ready?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,[holds the money] Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Alright. Then I've got this big bowl set here to catch all money we're about to make. Now. Let us start. [holds hands with Jimmy and Clyde, then closes his eyes, so does Jimmy] We call out to the land of the dead. Sir John Harrington. Your presence is requested. Appear to us, John Harrington. We have a subpoena."
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,"Jeez, it's not working."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"John Harrington. My client is due compensation for negligence. [a creepy music plays. The table starts to rock, much to the Stan and Kyle's surprise.] What is your name, spirit?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit,"[offscreen] Burns. Jimmy Burns. What's it to you? Who are you, mugs?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"[under his breath] That's how people talked in the past. [to the spirit] We have a claim against a John Harrington. Do you know him, spirit?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Well, maybe I do and maybe I don't. Might need a little something to jar my memory."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,We gotta grease him. Put a hundred in the box. [Stan puts the money. The money disappears with a sparkling effect.]
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Oh yeah, Harrington. I know him. Always going round inventing things."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Yes, that's him. Is his personage amongst you?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Well, maybe it is and maybe it isn't."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Give him another hundred. [Stan puts the money, it disappears like the previous one]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Burns,"Yeah, I've seen him around, alright. He was just down that way, bragging about some porcelain machine and whatever. [the table rocks]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit 2,Nooo! Nooooo!
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"By the power of Christ, we sue you! [fireworks start to pop] By the power of Christ, we sue you!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit 2,You can't sue me! [the drawers around the room move]
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Quick, put the other $300 in the box! [Stan tosses the money. The attorney swings the box, gasping for breath.] This actually went really, really well. Always happens some bureaucrat tries to block the first sue-ance attempt, but this was good. We'll get him tomorrow."
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,So that's it?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Yeah, we're gonna need about 400 more dollars tomorrow. I know you're sad about your mom, Clyde, but don't worry. We're going to win this thing."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, morning. Randy walks in the hallway to the toilet. He is in his morning gown, hold a coffee in his hand."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The toilet. The two TSA agents from IHOP are there. R. Wiley is sitting behind a plastic tray.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Put your coffee in the plastic tray please, sir."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Booth,Shoes off. Belts off.
Reverse Cowgirl,Rand,[takes off his gown] Yeah yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,Got any metal in your pockets?
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,I just need to check your asshole.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"[sighs, then turns around, lowering his pants] So ridiculous."
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,[examines his ass with a flashlight] Asshole clear.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,[puts his pants on] Thanks.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,"Pick your coffee up, sir. [Randy picks his coffee, then heads to the toilet]"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,"Anyways, he says I'm getting nothing anyway, so then you can..."
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"[points away] Hey, what's that thing? [a camera]"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. Wiley,That's a camera. It's a security camera.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Aw, you people have me on camera now?"
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,"It's okay, sir. There's just one person viewing the monitors in a discrete location."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The TSA security camera monitoring room. There is one guy apparently masturbating over the view of hundreds of people in bathrooms.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,South Park Community Center. Cartman is giving his speech
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Exactly how long are we going to sit around as our freedoms are stripped away one by one. It's time for us to stand together, and say, we want the government out of our bathrooms."
Reverse Cowgirl,People,Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Now listen. All we have to do is agree as a community to all bolt our toilet seats down. If they can't raise or lower, there's zero chance of anyone falling in."
Reverse Cowgirl,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, yeah. If there's no toilet seats, the government can't make toilet seat laws. [the crowd cheers]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimbo,"Alright, let's do it."
Reverse Cowgirl,Sheila,"No, no, hold on. If the seat can't raise up the men will just pee all over it."
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 3,"No, we won't."
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 3,"Yeah, you will."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Well, sorry if women might have to deal with a little splash of pee on the rim, but it's a far better solution than having the government in out bathrooms, right?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 4,"How about we agree to that, if men will agree that they will always sit down to urinate."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stephen,"Well, no, you can't make men sit down to pee. How could we play sink the boat?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, how will Nelson and I make an X on sleepover nights?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 4,What about us loggers? Hardworking man who like to stand up after they have taken a poo and then turn around and but the poo in half with their urine?
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Well, sorry, but if we don't want the government treating us like children, we might have to give up being able to pee out feces in half."
Reverse Cowgirl,Man 4,But folks been logging round these parts for generations. My pappy taught me logging. And his pappy before him.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, I think we've just gotta live with the TSA. [several men say 'Yeah' agreeing him]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The dark room. Stan, Kyle, Clyde, Jimmy and the attorney are sitting around the same table. The attorney is holding hands with Jimmy and Clyde with his eyes closed."
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Oh, oohh! The spirits of the dead are looking over the subpoena. Motion for summary judgement on behalf of the plaintiff? Ah, aaaah!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Jimmy,What's happening now?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Our motion has been denied by the judge. [the drawers begin to move] Concentrate boys! [holds the box tight. The drawers stop, the attorney heaves a sigh of relief] This specter is like none I have ever encountered. I managed to avert liability within injunction against out claim."
Reverse Cowgirl,Stan,So what does that mean?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,We'll hit him with a class action lawsuit tomorrow. We'll need all your friends and family to sign a petition and kick in 50 bucks each.
Reverse Cowgirl,Kyle,[frowning] What?
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Hang in there, Clyde. This is all to make the world a safer place."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The security camera monitoring room. Squishy sounds arise while the monitor guy masturbates. He clicks on the monitor's button a couple of times to change the channel, then stops at a woman reading book while taking a dump. He changes the channel some more, and then takes some bit of the moisturizing lotion on the table to put on his penis. He keeps on changing the channel until the view of Cartman standing with an angry face appears. He keeps looking at the monitor while rubbing his penis, though his motions get more interrupted. Cartman puts a gun on a stool, brings in a baby and R. Wiley, bound and gagged. He climbs up a small ladder and sprays the camera with black spray paint. The man's expression changes to a concerned look. He reaches to the microphone."
Reverse Cowgirl,Monitor Man,Security breeeach!
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The news.
Reverse Cowgirl,Reporter,An embarrassing day for the toilet safety administration. Shocking outrage ensued after an unknown terrorist managed to get through TSA security with a gun and a baby. Leaving the toilet seat up. The head TSA chief of operations had this to say:
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,R. West is shown sitting on an outside table in a park.
Reverse Cowgirl,R. West,Shiiiit!
Reverse Cowgirl,Reporter,"Meanwhile, outraged civilians are claiming they're finally fed up with the overblown government bureaucracy."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. A huge crowd has gathered in front of the building. Cartman is standing in front of the crowd, and Randy is behind the pulpit"
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,What good is the TSA if they aren't protecting us? Why have we given up freedom if a terrorist can take a hostage in a bathroom with a baby and a gun on the toilet?
Reverse Cowgirl,Woman 5,And the toilet seat was up.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,We've all stood by as our mother government has taken out dignity.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,That's right.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,Now it's time for us to take responsibility for ourselves.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,It is time for us all to grow up.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,That's right.
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,It is time for a sue-ance.
Reverse Cowgirl,People,Yeah.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Wait, what? What the fuck is a sue-ance?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Colorado State Courthouse. A news reporter is standing outside the building.
Reverse Cowgirl,Reporter 2,"Tom, I'm standing outside the South Park courthouse where experts have successfully summoned the ghost of toilet inventor Sir John Harrington. Now that the spirit has crossed over from the dead, lawyers are gonna try and sue him."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,The court. A trial is hold. The judge has a bored look on his face.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Sir Thomas Harrington, your extreme negligence has cost tax payers millions."
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit,No! No!
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"You will be sued, spirit. Thy liability is without question. [the table before the attorney moves. Jimmy, Clyde, Cartman, Stan and Kyle are shown sitting there.] Appear before this court, Harrington."
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit,Never!
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Quick, everyone, get our all your money. [the light goes out and the table rocks. A bright light appears above the judge accompanied by an echoed voice. It turns out to be Betsy's ghost.]"
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,Clyde? Clyde?
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,Mom?
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,[points to the attorney] This lawyer is a fraud. He has been swindling you and your friends for your money.
Reverse Cowgirl,Attorney,"Fuck me, it's a ghost."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,"You can't sue the dead, Clyde. Putting the toilet seat down is a matter of simple etiquette. It's common sense, Clyde!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Oh boy, here we go."
Reverse Cowgirl,Betsy,Don't try and blame mommy's death on anything but your failure to something I have asked you time and time again to do. [camera pans to Clyde] It's your fault!
Reverse Cowgirl,Spirit 2,[offscreen] Now hold on a second! It's not anyone's fault. [everyone turns to the root of the sound. A spirit enters the court] I am sick an tired of all this nonsense over my porcelain toilet machine.
Reverse Cowgirl,P. Sanchez,"There he is, Sir John Harrington."
Reverse Cowgirl,Mr. Garrison,"Quick, sue him!"
Reverse Cowgirl,Sir Harrington,"You can't sue me. [approaches to the toilet cabinet located in the court] You're all using my toilet invention the wrong way. [camera pans to the TSA agents who look at each other] When you have to sit and take a Sir Harrington you're supposed to be facing this way. [sits on it backwards, just like the way Butters did] So you can use the little shelf for your books, and your quill and your ink."
Reverse Cowgirl,Butters,A-ha! I told you you should sit on it that way! I told you!
Reverse Cowgirl,Sir Harrington,"Why would I design it so that when you're finished taking a Sir Harrington, you have to stand up, turn around and look right down at your Harrington to flush. That's gross."
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,"Yeah, but... but if you sit on it that way, you have to take your pants all the way off."
Reverse Cowgirl,Sir Harrington,Of course! Why do you think I designed toilet rooms with a laundry hole? [points to the hole in the cabin]
Reverse Cowgirl,Randy,That's what that hole is for? Oh. [the people in the room join] Oops.
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"The Cartman house, night. Cartman is lying on the bed in his pajamas while cutting his toenails, just like the beginning of the episode. He is talking on the phone."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"So then... so then Clyde's mom's ghost was all like ""Clyde, what have I told you Clyde, you asshole!"" And Clyde is all like ""Mom, leave me alone! I'm seriously. Stop, please!"" Dude, it was a riot."
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,Clyde is reading a comic book on a shelf while holding the receiver on his ear.
Reverse Cowgirl,Clyde,That's not what I said.
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"Hah. Yeah, well, I'm just glad that stupid TSA crap is over with. I know you've had a tough week, Clyde. But at least your mom didn't die for nothing. I mean, we're kinda right back at the bathroom being the last bastion of American freedom. So technically, your mom did die for nothing, but... Clyde? Clyde?"
Reverse Cowgirl,Scene Description,"Clyde is sitting on the toilet... backwards, and peeing."
Reverse Cowgirl,Cartman,"[his voice comes through the receiver] Clyde, you there? Hello? [Clyde comes off the toilet, flushing it. He waits for a few seconds, then angrily puts the seat up, and leaves the bathroom while flipping off his mother pointing upwards.]"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Looming Sunset Assisted Living center, day. We can surmise from this that Grandpa Marsh was put in this home when Sharon and Randy divorced shortly after Stan's 10th birthday. The family stops by for a visit."
Cash For Gold,Randy,"Well, Dad, it was really great seeing you. We'd love to stay for dinner, but the food here gives Sharon diarrhea."
Cash For Gold,Sharon,What?! Randy!
Cash For Gold,Randy,[shushes her] Just trying to leave without being rude.
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"[rolls over to a small table next to the TV. There's a gift-wrapped box on it] Hold on, hold on just a second. I got a present for my grandson. [gets the box and wheels back to the family] Come here, Billy. [meets Stan in the middle of the room] You've grown up, Billy. It's time for you to have somethin' expensive and flashy [Stan smiles and glances back at his parents], to impress all the ladies [Stan takes the gift from him, then looks back at his parents]."
Cash For Gold,Sharon,"Go ahead and open it, Stan. [Stan opens the gift as Shelly and his parents surround him. Sharon kneels behind him and looks over his shoulder] Ohoho look at that! A bolo tie! Isn't that beautiful, Stan? [she puts it on him - gold base, turquoise center, diamonds surrounding it (12 small, 24 tiny)]"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"That's 14 karat gold, with turquoise and reeeal diamonds."
Cash For Gold,Randy,"[approaches Marvin] Grandpa, how much did you spend on that?"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,Six thousand dollars.
Cash For Gold,Randy,Six thousand?!
Cash For Gold,Marvin,It's worth fifty thousand. The Jewels and Gems Shopping Network said so.
Cash For Gold,Randy,"Dad, you shouldn't be spending your retirement money on frivolous things! You should be saving it for when you die. That's our money!"
Cash For Gold,Sharon,"It's gorgeous, Dad, thank you. Oh, and tomorrow's picture day at school! Stan can wear it for his photo!"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"Oh, that's wonderful! That'll make me feel reeeally good. Who's Stan?"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"The bus stop, next day. It's picture day! Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny are waiting at the bus stop. Stan approaches, wearing the bolo tie, and stands next to the other boys. Cartman studies him at length"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Nice bolo tie, Stan."
Cash For Gold,Stan,[looks away to avoid eye contact] Thanks. [Kyle takes notice]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,Bolo ties are... [quickly glances at Kyle] really in right now. Cool you have one.
Cash For Gold,Stan,"[annoyed] Look, it was a gift from my grandpa, okay? And it cost a lot of money."
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"No, dude, it's... badass."
Cash For Gold,Stan,[angered] It happens to be worth six thousand dollars!
Cash For Gold,Kyle,That... was six grand?
Cash For Gold,Stan,Yeah dude. It's a recreation of the bolo tie worn by King Henry V.
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"...Dude, it's fucking gay as fuck."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"[finally breaks, facepalming] I know! [lowers his right arm] I really wish if my grandpa wanted to give me something, he'd just give me the money!"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,"Why don't you take it to one of those pawn places? Every two blocks you see a guy with a sign that says ""Cash For Gold and Jewelry."" There must be a lot of people doin' it."
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, the jewelry district, day. Outside a Cash For Gold store a man spins a sign around with his hands. Inside, behind a bullet-proof partition, a clerk looks the bolo over with a jeweler's scope"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 1,"You didn't steal this, did you?"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"No, my grandpa gave to me as a present. But it's worth so much I reel really bad accepting it, so I just want the cash."
Cash For Gold,Clerk 1,"[does some calculations on his computer] It's 14-karat gold, diamond and turquoise. I'll give you fifteen dollars."
Cash For Gold,Stan,...What? That cost my grandpa six thousand dollars. Those are real diamonds on the outside.
Cash For Gold,Clerk 1,"Yeah, I can't really make anything on the diamonds. I'd have to send it to a smelter, have it all smelted down for the gold, probably could make a ten-dollar profit."
Cash For Gold,Stan,Fifteen bucks?!
Cash For Gold,Kyle,"Dude, this guy's trying to rook us! We can go someplace else!"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Yeah, I'm not gettin' taken advantage of! [takes back the bolo tie]"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"You may suck our collective balls, sir! [they leave the store, turn right and walk]"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,Don't worry. There's gotta be another cash for gold place around here somewhere.
Cash For Gold,Stan,Yeah! Here's one. [turns into the next store past the empty lot. The man outside is wearing a signboard]
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Inside the second store, a fat blonde woman looks the bolo tie over"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 2,"These are real diamonds, right?"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Yeah dude, you can test them."
Cash For Gold,Clerk 2,Okay. Eight dollars.
Cash For Gold,Stan,"[stunned, then angry] This is the same bolo tie worn by King Henry V!"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 2,[looks it over again] Nine dollars.
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Taco Bell, day. No go at the second store, so the boys come here. Outside, a man twirls a sign around which also points to Taco Bell as a cash for gold and jewelry store. The boys go in and get the bolo tie appraised"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 3,Welcome to Taco Bell. Would you like to try our Doritos Locos Tacos?
Cash For Gold,Stan,"I wanna see how much you'll give me for this gold and turquoise diamond bolo. [hands the bolo to the clerk. The clerk looks it over, brings out his own pocket scope, and looks it over more closely]"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 3,"Fourteen-karat gold gets yaaa $14 a gram on the open market, got about... 4 grams here... [puts his scope away] It's not really worth my time. I guess I can give you a six-layer burrito for it."
Cash For Gold,Stan,A six-layer burrito?
Cash For Gold,Kyle,You guys don't even make a six-layer burrito!
Cash For Gold,Clerk 3,"Alright, a seven-layer burrito! But that's as high as I'm going!"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Outside Taco Bell, sitting on a curb"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Dude, my grandpa paid $6000 for something barely worth anything. How? How does something like this happen?"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"J&G Shopping Network, Jewelry Bonanza with DEAN, Channel 233. The show is already in progress. Dean, dressed in a white Western shirt, shows off his wares"
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Okay, folks, we are com-, half-way complete with today's broadcast. [scratches his nose] You wanna get in on these deals, call now. Next item is... This is item number 4 5 7 8 1 1 1. [switch to a close-up] Look at these stunning earrings. These are genuine faux sapphire earrings. Fourteen karat gold, 86 carat faux sapphire. Faux is a French word. Got an x in it, but you don't need to pronounce the x. How do you like that for prestigious? These earrings normally go for $6,000,000. We're gonna sell these today fer... [purses his lips together and exhales through them] $320!That's a steal. Now th-oh, there go the phones, they're lightin' up. I believe we have a sale? Do we have a sale? Yea- let's get her on the line. Hello? Who am I speakin' with?"
Cash For Gold,Vivian,Hello... my name is... Vivian.
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Vivian, you just got a heck of a deal. What's your last name, sweetheart?"
Cash For Gold,Vivian,Oh I... I can't remember.
Cash For Gold,Dean,You can't remember. Well can you remember your credit card number?
Cash For Gold,Vivian,3 7 1 5-
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Hold on, Vivian, we'll get you on with a rep, take down that number. Thanks for shoppin' with us and congratulations on the lovely 14 karat gold sapphire earrings. At that price you practically stole them from us. Ouch. Okay-"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. The boys are looking at Jewelry Bonanza in the living room and have just seen an old woman get swindled out of her money"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,"Dude, that's terrible!"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,I told you guys. I've been watching all day.
Cash For Gold,Stan,"But, how do they get away with that?"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,This is a new time. A new era of science that only the smartest can comprehend. [walks out]
Cash For Gold,Stan,What are you talking about?
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"[standing next to a covered mobile whiteboard] For centuries alchemists have tried to come up with a formula to make gold. Whoever could do it would of course become rich, and now-! The chemical equation is right before our eyes. [unveils the equation]"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,That's the chemical equation for gold?
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"That's right. [goes through and denotes what each letter means] Guys with Cash For Gold Signs gets you People's Unwanted Crappy Jewelry, which when added to a Cable-Based Shopping Network divided by Demented Old people equals... Gold. [writes in an equal sign and ""GOLD"" at the end]"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,"...Kenny, will you tell Cartman to shut up?"
Cash For Gold,Kenny,"(Shut the fuck up, dude! You're a fuckin' asshole!)"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Oh, I'm an asshole for doin' math!"
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Oh my gosh, can you believe this? Somebody's about to get this $20,000 topaz and copper ring for just four thousand bucks. [a close-up of the ring] We've got our buyer on the line. You buyin' this as a gift, sir?"
Cash For Gold,Caller,"No, I'm buying it as a gift! For my grandson Billy!"
Cash For Gold,Stan,Grandpa? [gets off the sofa and runs out the front door]
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Looming Sunset Assisted Living, night. Marvin is watching Jewely Bonanza. Onscreen is a necklace with a large emerald on it"
Cash For Gold,Dean,"How about that, folks? That is Brazilian emerald, finest emerald available. We're letting this oen go fer... fourteen ninety five [$1495.00 onscreen], EZ Pay. We call it that to save you time. EZ is an abbreviation of easy. Fourteen ninety five, EZ Pay an... What's that? Okay, alright, I just got word, we are droppin' the Z from EZ Pay. It's now just E Pay. [onscreen EZ Pay is erased, then E Pay appears] By usin' the word E Pay instead of takin' all that time to say EZ Pay, we're savin' you a second of time, and those seconds add up. Go ahead and try it: say E Pay five thousand times. That's five thousand seconds, nine hours... we just saved you here on J&G Shoppin' Network. [Grandpa's eyes begin to wander] Not wastin' your time here, you can't afford not to buy this one. You don't have a lot of time left. Literally. Pass this one down to your kids, your grandkids. [Stan appears at the doorway] Show 'em your life had meaning."
Cash For Gold,Stan,Grandpa.
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"[turns his head to the left to look at Stan] Well you see that, Billy? That's an emerald on 14 karat gold. Don't you think your sister would like that? [smiles]"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"She doesn't like jewelry, Grandpa."
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"Ha! Well she will one day. She'll appreciate it. She's, she's just a baby after all."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"She's not a baby, Grandpa, she's thirteen."
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"Shelly's thirteen? Rihight. Right, boy... [faces the TV again, visibly shaken] Billy, did I ever tell you I used to have a border collie named Patches?"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Yes, Grandpa."
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"[reminiscing with a smile] I loved that dog. She always made me so happy. When she died, I... I didn't let myself get too sad, 'cause I thought, thought I'd always have the memory of her slobberin' happy face. [the smile disappears] I can't remember what she looked like, Billy... Huh. Huohh. [gets a headache and rests his head on his left hand]"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Don't worry, Grandpa. I'm gonna take care of this! [turns to his left and leaves with determination. Marvin is left looking distressed]"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, day. During recess, Butters twirls a sign around, while Cartman is decked out in all sorts of jewelry."
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Hey Craig. Goin' on? Token! Bet your mom has some old jewelry she wouldn't notice missing. Bebe! You got those rhinestones in your earrings, I'll have some walking cash! I can probably offer you a-"
Cash For Gold,Butters,[loses control of the sign] Whoops! [it lands face up on the snow]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"[quickly analyzing the situation] Butters, what the fuck?!"
Cash For Gold,Butters,"[winces, then massages his right arm] Sorry. My arms hurt."
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"""My arms hurt."" Pick the fucking sign up, Butters! This is a business! [Butters picks the sign up and resumes twirling]"
Cash For Gold,Leroy,Hey! How much will you give me for this? [shows him a ring with a huge rock on it]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Oh ahhhh, three bucks."
Cash For Gold,Leroy,"Okay. [gives the ring to Cartman, who transfers it to his left hand. Cartman reaches into his back pocket and give Leroy the three dollars. Leroy turns and walks away]"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,We got crappy jewelry Butters. Now all we need are some old people.
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,Jewelry Bonanza.
Cash For Gold,Dean,"And that's it, we just sold this bracelet to Ms. Marcia Tubbs. Marcia, thank you so much for your call. You just got yourself a heck of a deal on this one. You there Marcia?"
Cash For Gold,Marcia,[over the phone] Yes. [a car honks at her] I'm lost. I'm lost walkin' on the freeway.
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Alright, you're lost walkin' on the freeway? Enjoy the Tiger's Eye Aquamarine bracelet. Alri- okay, what should we do next? Oh I see one. Here's a good'un. Lemme... [picks out a ring with a large yellow stone in the middle] Lemme... lemme set the stage for you here: you're goin' to that seniors' cocktail party? It's bingo night and you're lookin' for somethin' to wear? How about a 13 carat panzoto-panzanite ring. This is-oh! We got a caller already on this one! Hello sir, you must be a fan of panzoto-panzanite."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Yeah, hi. Um, you should kill yourself?"
Cash For Gold,Dean,...What's that?
Cash For Gold,Stan,"I said, you should kill yourself? What you do is sort of, unjustifiable? And you know it's unjustifiable? And you don't care? You're the definition of evil? Kill yourself?"
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Okay, we're gonna sell this ring for just thirty-seven ninety five. [$3,795.00 onscreen] How's that? [puts the ring onto a woman's right ring finger.]"
Cash For Gold,Stan,I just read that the day shopping networks make most of their money is on the day seniors pick up Social Security checks? Kill yourself.
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Alright, well you shouldn't say things like that 'cause... some host of a jewelry channel sure might up and do it, and then you'd feel really bad."
Cash For Gold,Stan,No I wouldn't.
Cash For Gold,Dean,Yes you would.
Cash For Gold,Stan,"No, because I really want you to kill yourself."
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Alright, well how about this?! If a jewelry network host goes home tonight and blows the brains out, you might be liable. That's a lawsuit worth ...2.7 million dollars? How's that sound?"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"I don't care what happens to me, I care about my grandfather, you morally empty corrupted maggot!"
Cash For Gold,Dean,"[long silence as the jewelry carousel goes around] Alright, I tell you what: I'll bring the lawsuit down to twenty-nine thirty-nine- [the $6,000,000 is erased and replaced by $2,939.00]"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Nono, uh it doesn't matter what price you put on anything! Your only chance to right the wrongs you've done, and repay all the elderly people whose lives you've destroyed, is to kill yourself."
Cash For Gold,Dean,"[another long silence, then he clears his throat] Well, you think it's funny, but that's, that's callin' up and tellin' someone to kill themselves; that's not a joke."
Cash For Gold,Stan,I'm not joking. [pause] Do it.
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Eric Jewelry Cavalcade, with Eric. Now on the Old People's Shopping Network, founded by Eric Cartman. He's in his basement, behind a table with his own props and jewelry"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Okay, next item? Next item we're gonna do is uh, 5 5 2 1 6 uh 7, 7 5, 5 [actually 55-26177] This is-oh my God, look at this you guys. [shows off the ring Leroy sold him earlier] This is 200 carat Brazilian emerald and plasticine ring. I'm gonna start bidding for this ring at, um, let's see, eight billion dollars. Eight billion dollars, opening bid. We've gotta sell this ring today. Tell you what, I'm gonna take it down a little. We're gonna drop that price down to... $75.95. At this price it's not gonna last for lo-oh, we got a caller already, Butters? Butters? Look like- Did we sell it? Yep, seventy-five ninety-five, that's what the ring just sold for. Do we have the buyer on the line? Hello?"
Cash For Gold,Caller,Hello?
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"YES, you just bought this lovely 200-carat ring. How do you feel, Mrs...?"
Cash For Gold,Mrs. Appleby,This is Mrs. Appleby on 24 Palmark Lane?
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Can I ask you something, Mrs. Appleby? Do you like fucking little boys?"
Cash For Gold,Mrs. Appleby,[long pause] I'm sorry?
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Just wondering if you fuck kids all the time, 'cause that's what you just did with this deal. You just got an $8,000,000,000 ring for seventy-five ninety-five. You fucked me good, Mrs. Appleby. Congratulations, ma'am."
Cash For Gold,Mrs. Appleby,Thank you.
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Were you just flippin' through the channels and saw me selling this ring and thought ""Hm, I'd like to fuck that kid!"""
Cash For Gold,Mrs. Appleby,...I thought it'd be a lovely gift for my granddaughter Jessica. She's captain of the debate team at Jefferson High School. see-
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Oh-kay, thanks for shopping with us. I gotta get the taste of old lady dick out of my mouth."
Cash For Gold,Mrs. Appleby,Goodbye.
Cash For Gold,Cartman,Bye! Man that's good acting. I should get an award.
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"A smelting plant. Shown is the Oscar for Best Actor: Sean Penn in Milk. The camera pulls back to reveal a pile of gold jewelry on which the Oscar sits. A shovel comes in and scoops it up with some other jewelry. The worker holding the shovel moves it to a vat of molten gold and dumps the jewelry into the vat. Escaping air makes a fart sound as the jewelry sinks into liquid gold, and then some bubbles popping follow"
Cash For Gold,Stan,Do you have any idea what it would feel like to start losing your memories?! No! Because you don't have someone in your life suffering from Alzheimer's! Well I do!
Cash For Gold,Manager,"Look, kid, if you've got a beef with the system, you're talkin' to the wrong people. All we do is smelter down what we get from the cash for gold places."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Yeah?! Well there's an old Hindu saying: ""Whoever smelt it, dealt it!"""
Cash For Gold,Kyle,Yeah!
Cash For Gold,Kenny,(Fuck yeah!)
Cash For Gold,Manager,"We aren't the ones who denied you what your jewelry was really worth. The Hindu saying is actually ""Mayii nahii chahatapahnii"""
Cash For Gold,Kyle,What does that mean?
Cash For Gold,Manager,"""Whoever denied it, [lowers his voice] supplied it."" [the boys are stunned]"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. Stan is now on a crusade to stop this madness, but he hasn't found the right target. Kyle has his arms crossed"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"YOU are the scums of the earth! Old people are victimized by shopping networks and YOU kick back in your fat-cat mansions, making billions!"
Cash For Gold,Butters,"[looks around at his fellow sign twirlers] We aren't makin' that much, fellas."
Cash For Gold,Stan,You're not?
Cash For Gold,Twirler 1,"Who don't you yell at the people who melt the gold down? The old Hindu saying is ""Whever smelt it dealt it"" [other twirlers agree with him: ""Yeah!"" ""That's right!""]"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,"[leans forward] Nuh uh! It's ""Whoever denied it, supplied it!"""
Cash For Gold,Twirler 2,"You got it all wrong. The jewelry that those shopping networks sell don't even come from us! It's all made in India, where those Hindu rhymes come from!"
Cash For Gold,Twirler 3,"What are you saying, Gustav? My God, do you mean?"
Cash For Gold,Twirler 4,That's right. Whoever made the rhyme did the crime.
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Gems Wholesale, day. Cartman walks by with a briefcase"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Suck my balls, suck my balls... [enters the store] Hello!"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,[An Asian woman] Ohhhh welcoooome! Welcome to discount jewelry stohhhhh! [her two assistants join her as Cartman takes a seat at the counter]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"[shoves his briefcase to one side] Yeah, listen, I'm running a resale business, but I can't get enough of people's unwanted crappy jewelry to keep up, so I'd like to buy some of yours."
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,[claps way too quickly] Ohhhhh you so good foh biiiziness! [points to her brain] You so clehhvahh.
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"I get by. Let's see, I'm gonna need some gold necklaces, diamond bracelets, and emerald earrings."
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,"Okay, what emero do you rike?"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Oh, I don't know, I guess I'll take that ring there."
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,Ohhhh you make so good chooice! Oh it's beauuutiful! [shows her aides] Look it's beauuutiful! [they too clap way too quickly]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"And uh, maybe I'll that one for three hundred."
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,"Oh, that's best one! You so clevohh! [claps quickly a few times] You take advantage o'my low pricess! [claps a few times]"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,How about that panzanite bracelet for nine ninety five.
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,"You got good eye, [points to her brain] You so clehhvahh. I getting taken advantaaage! You rike to fuck an Asian lady?"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,[long pause] What d'ja say?
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,"I know, you walk by my stoh and you say ""Oh, there's a nice Asian lady. I think I go in and I fuck hurh,"" you Asian-lady fucker you!"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,Wait a minute. How much do you pay for this stuff?
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,"Oh, I pay thousands! And you come heuh an' fuck me!"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Okay, quit the act! I'm not fucking you and you know it!"
Cash For Gold,Clerk 4,"Nono, you fucked me!"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"Nono, you fucked me! Fuck you!"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"India Manufacturing, Inc., a rainy day somewhere in India. A taxi pulls up to the plant, with Cartman and Butters inside."
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"My balls, my balls, suck 'em dry...[Butters opens his door and hops out, then opens Cartman's door. Cartman looks around and clears his throat to get Butters' attention.]"
Cash For Gold,Butters,"Oh sorry, sorry. [looks back at his seat and pulls out the sign. then points it at Cartman. Cartman then hops out and proceeds to the plant, with Butters following]"
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Inside the plant. All the workers here are children working in cubicles, assembling new jewelry. A supervisor walks by collecting newly finished jewelry in a metal box. The receptionist shows Cartman and Butters in while one boy is sealing packages in another room"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"[to the receptionist] You see, I'm looking to cut out the middle man. I want to buy my jewelry direct from you so that- [a disturbing sight stops him in his tracks] Motherfucker!"
Cash For Gold,Stan,[railing at an older Indian boy] You should be ashamed of the people in America that you are exploiting! How dare you take advantage of those less fortunate?! [Kenny and Kyle are with him]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"[approaches the other boys] You dirty double-crossing assholes! You're trying to cut me out, huh?! You guys stole my formula, then tried to fuck me- Butters!"
Cash For Gold,Butters,Sorry! [catches up to him]
Cash For Gold,Cartman,-and then tried to fuck me out of your business!
Cash For Gold,Kyle,"We're not fucking you, they're fucking Stan's grandpa!"
Cash For Gold,Cartman,"No, they're getting fucked by Asian ladies!"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Somebody is at the head of all this, and somebody needs to pay! All I want is some Goddamned retribution for my Goddamned grandpa! [the boy reaches for a necklace and offers it to Stan] No! Not a diamond-and-gold necklace! [the boy thinks about what to do with the necklace, then reaches for a small plastic pouch and puts it in. The boy motions to another boy]"
Cash For Gold,Kyle,What's he doing?
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"Montage. The boy tosses the necklace into a box being carried by another supervisor, then motions to someone else as the supervisor carries the box away. Outside, several workers load up a truck. The supervisor gives his box to one of the loaders. A planeload of jewelry leaves India and arrives at Atlanta. The box is then shipped by QDC to J&G headquarters. A J&G worker carries a gold ruby necklace to Dean at his Jewelry Bonanza set. He then puts the necklace on camera and sells it to an elderly woman who still lives at home. A FedExX truck arrives at her house and the driver delivers it to her personally. He tips his hat to her as he leaves. She opens the package right then and there, at her front door, and pulls out the necklace. She gives it to her daughter, who is quite happy to get it. The daughter goes to a Cash For Gold store and sells it to the clerk. He puts it into a box containing other jewelry, puts in more jewelry to fill the box up, then delivers it to an Industrial Smelting and Refining plant. He sells it to one of the workers there. The worker brings it into a room and splits the jewelry among his associates. They sort the gems by type as they dismantle the jewelry. The gold is sent to be melted down and made into gold bars. The gold and jewels are sent separately back to India, where an IPS truck goes to India Manufacturing to deliver the raw materials. The workers deliver the materials to the supervisors, who take them inside and distribute them among the child workers. The child workers assemble the raw materials into new jewelry, and the cycle starts again. Back in Atlanta, more packages are delivered to J&G headquarters by E-Z Delivery. A J&G worker delivers a gold amethyst necklace to Dean, who sells it to an elderly couple. An ADL truck arrives and the driver delivers it to the couple. The husband receives it and opens it. The driver tips his hat and leaves. The couple then offer the necklace to their daughter, who's overjoyed to get it. She and her husband take the necklace to a different cash for gold store and sell it to the clerk there. The necklace is dismantled into its various parts and the gold melted down again. IPS delivers the raw materials back to India Manufacturing. A supervisor dumps some gems onto the desk of a different child worker, who is working on a picture frame. He finishes the frame and walks up to the older boy. The older boy takes the picture frame to Stan and gives it to him."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Oh, yeah. Actually, this might kind of work."
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,"The park surrounding Looming Sunset, day. Stan is visiting Marvin, who's well enough to sit on the bench with him with the use of a cane"
Cash For Gold,Stan,"So the we went to India, which is pretty cool I guess. I've never been there before. And we basically learned that whoever smelt it, denied it, and rhymed it actually dealt it."
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"Ahh, sounds like you had a fun weekend."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Yeah, I guess so. Anyway Grandpa, I wanted to give you something. [hands him the gift]"
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"Oh, for me? [takes the gift and unwraps it] Oh! My God. There she is. [a picture of Grandpa in younger days with his dog] Old Patches. There's that slobberin' happy face! Thank you Billy. That means a lot. [they smile at each other for a moment] Billy, that... that bolo tie you're wearing?"
Cash For Gold,Stan,Yeah.
Cash For Gold,Marvin,"I don't know where you got that, but it's fucking gay as fuck."
Cash For Gold,Stan,"Cool. I, I won't wear it anymore."
Cash For Gold,Marvin,That's a good idea. [looks back at the picture and smiles. Stan looks down and away]
Cash For Gold,Scene Description,Jewelry Bonanza with Dean. Onscreen is a pair of earrings selling for $2800.00
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Folks, these are not your ordinary peridot craponite earrings, these are 18-karat gold! and we got-oh, do we have a buyer on the line? Hello?"
Cash For Gold,Caller 1,[long pause] What are you waiting for? Kill yourself.
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Alright Goddamnit, we got another comedian. Ever since that little kid called up, now everybody wants to call and tell me I should kill myself."
Cash For Gold,Caller 1,He was right. Do it.
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Folks, this is an 800 number. Every time you call and tell me to kill myself, it's costing us... two dollars and thirty six cents! So now, how about a caller who wants to buy jewelry ? Yes. Hello, sir?"
Cash For Gold,Caller 2,"You're too scared to do it, aren't-cha? You don't have the balls."
Cash For Gold,Dean,Goddamnit I'm not scared to do it.
Cash For Gold,Caller 2,"New, you're scared. You got, you got lady balls. [hangs up. The dial tone is heard and Dean moves on to the next call]"
Cash For Gold,Caller 3,Hello? I'm calling about the peridot earrings?
Cash For Gold,Dean,Yes ma'am!
Cash For Gold,Caller 3,They'd look good on your dead body. Why don't you kill yourself?
Cash For Gold,Dean,"Alright, that's that! That there's the- the straw that broke the camel's back! I got a gun right here; whattaya think about that?!"
Cash For Gold,Caller 3,Put it against your temple and pull the trigger. [long pause. The gun is cocked and then goes off. A thump is heard and blood lands all over the set. The soothing music plays on]
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"CNN Conference Room. Rick Santorum, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul are standing behind their benches, debating. A loud applause is heard."
Faith Hilling,Mitt,"I know the people are going to say, oh you should only practice it this way or that way."
Faith Hilling,Rick,I believe in capitalism too. I believe in capitalism for everybody.
Faith Hilling,New,"What he said, which I find mildly amazing, was that he thought I would have a hard time debating Barack Obama."
Faith Hilling,Ron,"We faced something much much greater after World War II. [the camera pans to Stan, who is in the audience] We had ten million coming home at once. What did we do then? Some liberals said we need more work programs-"
Faith Hilling,Stan,"Tango, Tango, I'm in position."
Faith Hilling,Kyle,"[offscreen] Copy, tango. Clear vantage point?"
Faith Hilling,Stan,It will have to do. We're not getting closer.
Faith Hilling,Kyle,"Alright, Butters. Bring it in."
Faith Hilling,Butters,"[going through a hallway with a trolley] Equipment is flying in, ten seconds."
Faith Hilling,Kyle,"Copy that. 10 seconds, Cartman."
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"[in a wooden dark place with two wires on the ground] I can hear Kyle, just tell me when to go."
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,The conference room is shown again. The audience applauds as Stan looks around. The Secret Service agents are shown.
Faith Hilling,Agent 1,We might have a problem.
Faith Hilling,Agent 2,What's that?
Faith Hilling,Agent 1,We just got word somebody might try to Faith Hill this event.
Faith Hilling,Agent 2,"Lock down the whole perimeter. Nobody is Faith Hilling, not on my watch! [raises his fists and walks away. The stage is shown through Stan's angle. Three other agents step on the stage.]"
Faith Hilling,Stan,"I think they're onto us guys. Let's do this. [Butters takes a plate from the trolley, which has an iPhone on it, and walks to the left. Meanwhile Kenny comes from the opposite direction, taking the iPhone and passing it to Stan.] I got it."
Faith Hilling,Agent 3,"Hey, somebody is under the stage."
Faith Hilling,Kyle,Go Cartman! [Cartman runs up and comes on the stage. He cheerfully pulls his shirt out near the nipple area. Stan takes a picture. Four agents come up to chase Cartman.]
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"Outside the conference room. Butters, Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman run out."
Faith Hilling,Butter,We got it. We got it!
Faith Hilling,Stan,"Go, go, go."
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"Hehe hehe, that was sweet you guys. [The agents run after them.]"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,The news
Faith Hilling,Reporter,"First, there was planking. [various images of people planking come up] People taking pictures of themselves in a planked position and putting the photos on the Internet. Planking was soon replaced by owling. [a picture of a boy with his knees drawn to his chest] And after the Super Bowl by Bradying. [New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady as well as an overweight man, both sitting on the ground with their legs straight out, hands clasped and looking down] But the newest meme involves pulling the shirt out to look like boobs. [Cartman pulling out his shirt at the debate is shown, this time fullscreen] It's called Faith Hilling. And all around the world people are doing it. [A black boy pulling his red shirt, then a ginger boy with a cap doing the exact same thing with his grey-and-white sweatshirt] Kids, adults, and even notable celebrities are getting into the act. [L.A. Lakers player Kobe Bryant is shown pulling on his jersey. The news studio comes to view again.] But as Faith Hilling is more and more popular, the question on everyone's mind, who will be the first to die doing it?"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The boys, along with the rest of the forth graders, are in a wooden room, being lectured by Professor Lamont."
Faith Hilling,Lamont,"I have been sent here because you children are playing with fire! [the children are listening to him, Cartman has a bored look] Faith Hilling is nothing more than an evolution of Bradying. From football quarterback to football singer."
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"Oh, please. Bradying is so 2000 and late."
Faith Hilling,Lamont,"[lowers the projector screen] I know you all think what you're doing is new and hip and cool. But the truth is memeing has been around a long time. We're gonna watch a film strip now, that's a little dated but I think it gets the point across. [turns the projector on to start the film]"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"Warbly muzak is heard, as the film, 'BLOODY SUNDAY: The Dangers of MEMEING', begins. A man with an old style hair is sitting in a classroom with a outdated TV and a poster for the computer club which has a picture of an old computer."
Faith Hilling,Speaker,For many young people today taking pictures in silly poses becomes a dangerous past time. The latest meme has also become the most deadly. It's called Tebowing [The caption TEBOWING appears in the middle of the screen].
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,Residential area. Two boys are walking towards a grassy area leading to the railroad tracks. One of the boys has an iPhone in his hands.
Faith Hilling,Speaker,[offscreen] This is Ryan and Barkley. They're about to learn how dangerous Tebowing can be.
Faith Hilling,Ryan,Here is a good place. I'll do it right here.
Faith Hilling,Barkley,"I don't know, Ryan. You sure this is a good idea? [Ryan walks onto a railway]"
Faith Hilling,Ryan,"Stop being a scaredy-cat. It will just take a second. How could I get hurt? [kneels down and puts his right elbow on his right knee, closing his eyes as well as pinching his nose bridge]"
Faith Hilling,Barkley,"Okay, hold still. [puts up his iPhone. A train horn is heard.] What's that?"
Faith Hilling,Ryan,A traaain! AAAAAA! [Barkley and Ryan continue to scream and look around while staying in the same position. The train is still off in the distance.]
Faith Hilling,Barkley,RYAN!
Faith Hilling,Ryan,"No, no! Nooo!"
Faith Hilling,Barkley,AAAA!!!
Faith Hilling,Ryan,"AAAA!!!No, no, no, no, noooo!"
Faith Hilling,Barkley,"AAAA!!![The train finally comes at full force and hits Ryan, severing him in half and covering Barkley in blood.]"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. Butters covers his face after seeing what just happened while the rest of the class is unfazed.
Faith Hilling,Butters,AAAA!!!
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"Residential area. Barkley, covered in blood, stands at the railroad tracks and looks down in horror at Ryan's severed body"
Faith Hilling,Barkley,RYAN!
Faith Hilling,Ryan,Learn from me.[dies]
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"Secluded area, nighttime. A young couple is sitting in a parked car."
Faith Hilling,Woman 1,"This sure is a nice car, Tommy. [raises her iPhone] Would you like to get a picture of me Tebowing in it?"
Faith Hilling,Tommy,"Sure. [gets the iPhone to take her picture. As the woman poses, the train's headlight appears in the distance and its horn is heard.] What is that?"
Faith Hilling,Woman 1,Oh my God! It's coming!
Faith Hilling,Tommy,"God, no! [he exits the car while she continues Tebowing inside, revealing that they parked on the railroad track] Aahh! No, no!"
Faith Hilling,Woman 1,"[scared] Tommy, d-did you get the picture?"
Faith Hilling,Tommy,"Oh no, wait! Hold on! [hurriedly presses on the iPhone, then gets ready to take the picture]"
Faith Hilling,Woman 1,"Hurry, hurry!"
Faith Hilling,Tommy,AAAAA! [attempts to take the picture as the train comes closer]
Faith Hilling,Woman 1,"AAAAA! [The train finally comes at full force and crushes the car as Tommy runs off. Her bloody, severed head then lands onto a dirt field next to the track and her mouth opens, letting out an audible scream] Aaah!"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. Butters screams out in horror again while the rest of the class is still unfazed.
Faith Hilling,Butters,AAAA!!!
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,A man wearing a yellow and red-stripped jacket and round sunglasses is looking upward and talking to his friend while holding an iPhone.
Faith Hilling,Man 1,"Be careful up there, Pete."
Faith Hilling,Pete,"[Tebowing on top of a wall with graffiti in a residential area] Just go on and take the picture. [the wall is suddenly destroyed by a train, killing Pete and knocking his friend down, before he quickly gets up and looks on in horror.]"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. Butters screams out and covers his face again. Cartman now looks bored, while the rest of the class is still unfazed."
Faith Hilling,Butters,AAAA!!!
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,The speaker in the old-fashioned classroom is shown.
Faith Hilling,Speaker,"These youths paid with their lives for Tebowing. When they posed for pictures they should have remembered there are only three approved memes: peace signs [puts his index and middle fingers up], bunny ears [raises his arm while keeping the previous gesture] and fake wiener [turns his body sideways, bends his left arm and leg] Maybe you think this doesn't apply to you. Maybe you think your memes are safe. Or maybe you're watching this in the future and Tebowing has been replaced by some other meme. Well, if you are watching his in the future, [a blue screen comes to view while the following words of the speaker gets typed] get off your flying cellphone scooters and THINK. Just remember--"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,A photo of three teenagers from the 1980s standing outside under a tree is shown while the following lines are sung
Faith Hilling,Singers,Use the approved poses if you want to be a memer. Peace signs! [A male teenager with a sweater and mustache puts his right middle and index fingers up in a V-shape] Bunny ears! [A female teenager smiles while putting her middle and index fingers in a V-shape behind the head of the previous male teenager] Fake wiener! [A male teenager wearing a neon colored windbreaker turns his body sideways and bends his left arm and leg]
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. The fourth graders come out, almost all having concerned looks on their faces. Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Cartman and Butters walk together."
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"[yawns] Oh, God. That was boring."
Faith Hilling,Kenny,(Totally!)
Faith Hilling,Kyle,"So, what do you want to do now?"
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"Well, there is the nice French café downtown. Maybe we should get some Faith Hilling pictures there."
Faith Hilling,Stan,"Oh, that's a good idea."
Faith Hilling,Butters,What?! You mean you guys still plan on Faith Hilling after what we just saw?
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"Butters, Faith Hilling defines our generation."
Faith Hilling,Butters,"Well, count me out."
Faith Hilling,Kyle,"You're gonna give up on Faith Hilling just like that, Butters? How could you?"
Faith Hilling,Butters,"Well, I'm scared. [Craig shows up]"
Faith Hilling,Craig,"Hey, did you see today's newspaper?"
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"Why would we look at a newspaper, retard?"
Faith Hilling,Craig,You guys made the front page.
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"Really? [the boys excitedly run, except for Butters]"
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,The boys run in a liquor store.
Faith Hilling,Stan,"Dude, we are on the front page!"
Faith Hilling,Cartman,Yes!
Faith Hilling,Kenny,"(Yeah, dude!)"
Faith Hilling,Stan,"Can we get a different pose, please? [hands the clerk two dollars and gets the paper]"
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"What's it say, what's it say?"
Faith Hilling,Stan,"It says... Oh, oh no. It says Faith Hilling is now all like 2000-late."
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"What? Let me see that. [the newspaper has Cartman's pictured and a headline 'Faith Hilling so 2,000 late']"
Faith Hilling,Kyle,How can that be? Already?
Faith Hilling,Stan,[reads the newspaper] Public reaction was the stunt pulled off by five elementary school students was not only dangerous and disruptive but also completely passé.
Faith Hilling,Kyle,How can we be passé? We're only in 4th grade.
Faith Hilling,Stan,"[continues reading] ""Faith Hilling is pretty stale,"" said Republican candidate Newt Gingrich. ""If they had crashed the debate by Taylor Swifting that would have been impressive."""
Faith Hilling,Cartman,Taylor Swifting? What the fuck is that?
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"Cartman's computer screen. Various people sitting on their bare butts with their hands down between their legs are shown. Cartman is in front of the computer, with Stan and Kyle on his both sides and Kenny behind him."
Faith Hilling,Stan,That's all it is? [Kenny moves to the left-hand side]
Faith Hilling,Cartman,You pull down your pants and wipe your butt on the ground like an old dog. [shows three other guys' pictures]
Faith Hilling,Kyle,But that's stupid. [Kenny moves to the right-hand side] How can that replace Faith Hilling? It doesn't even make any sense.
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"I can't believe people take the time to do this garbage. [shows a couple of more pictures] This has to be stopped, you guys."
Faith Hilling,Scene Description,"Outside Café Monet, day. A boy is Taylor Swifting in front of the café. Two girls and a boy watch him as the boy pictures him with his iPhone."
Faith Hilling,Boy 1,"[giggles] Okay. Hold it there. Okay. That's good, don't move. [the iPhone screen is shown as Cartman photobombs while Faith Hilling.]"
Faith Hilling,Cartman,"How is this Kyle? This good? [the boy moves away a bit. The other kids are stunned. The boys stand next to them, Kyle having an iPhone in his hands]"
Faith Hilling,Kyle,"Yep, that's great. [glances at the other kids]"
