Pinewood Derby,Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva,Nope.
Pinewood Derby,Hu Jintao,No. Tell them no.
Pinewood Derby,John Howard,No changes.
Pinewood Derby,Randy,"[rubs his neck] Yeah, no, we've told you everything, space officers."
Pinewood Derby,Officer 1,"All right, that's it then. Come on out sir, it appears to be over. [a door on the lower level of the ship drops down from the outer wall to become a ramp, and a figure stands at the entrance, then walks down the ramp. The figure looks familiar...]"
Pinewood Derby,Randy,"[jumps back in horror] Aw shit, it's Baby Fark McGee-zax!"
Pinewood Derby,McGee-zax,My real name is Kevern Zaksor. I am the ambassador to new planet testing. [Stan and Randy look at each other]
Pinewood Derby,Gordon Brown,What the hell are they talking about?
Pinewood Derby,Kevern Zaksor,"These are not space cops. [the officers remove their helmets] There is no space jail, and space cash is only worth what you as a planet decided it was worth. I mean, how stupid is your species? Space jail? Baby Fark McGee-zax?"
Pinewood Derby,Randy,It was... a trick?
Pinewood Derby,Officer 2,"Whenever a civilization discovers warp speed, we want to bring them into the Federation of Planets, but first we do the space cash test, to see if that species is worthy of joining."
Pinewood Derby,Kevern Zaksor,"Needless to say, you all failed. [he and the two officers go back inside the ship. He turns at his door's entrance and clears his throat] People of earth, since you did not return the space cash, your species and your planet is hereby forever blocked off and barred from the rest of the universe. Goodbye. [his door closes. The ramps all go back into the ship and the ship takes off]"
Pinewood Derby,Randy,"No heywaitwait, no! [the ship zooms away from the planet and leaves behind two probes that evolve into a cube of energy shields] Well that sucks!"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Cafeteria, lunchtime. The boys are seated at a table and Cartman runs up to them with a map."
Fatbeard,Cartman,You guys! You guys! We can finally do it! We can finally leave this crappy town and live the life we've all dreamed of!
Fatbeard,Butters,We can?
Fatbeard,Stan,"What are you talking about, dude?"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Haven't you assholes been watching the news? [rolls the map flat on the table] Pirating is back, my friends. Swashbuckling adventure on the high seas! The stuff we've all dreamed about! And it's all happening right here: [points to the circled nation on the map] Somalia."
Fatbeard,Clyde,Somalia? Where's that?
Fatbeard,Cartman,"North Africa. Just picture it, guys: clear blue water with skull islands. Waterfalls and jeweled treasure underneath."
Fatbeard,Butters,[in thrall] Whoa.
Fatbeard,Cartman,"I've worked it all out on Expedia. [traces the route from Denver to Somalia] We can take Southwest Airlines to Miami, then Dubai Air here to Cairo, and then it's just a 49-hour bus ride into Mogadishu, with all the booty and plunder a pirate could want."
Fatbeard,Kyle,"Wow, you know, Cartman? That is an awesome idea. You should totally go to Somalia."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Right, and wi- [stops] Wait a minute. You never think my ideas are good, Kyle."
Fatbeard,Kyle,"No, I'm being totally serious. That is the best idea you've ever had. You should run away to Mogadishu. You should go there right away. I'll even help pay for your ticket."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Wow, cool! Wait a minute. The fuck?! Why would you do that? Unless... you're trying to trick me somehow."
Fatbeard,Kyle,"Nono, you're right. Somalia is an oasis of treasure and waterfalls. It's totally the pirate's life."
Fatbeard,Cartman,Then why don't you wanna go?
Fatbeard,Kyle,"Well, c-cause dude, I'm Jewish, a-and you know..."
Fatbeard,"Kyle, Cartman",Jews can't be pirates.
Fatbeard,Cartman,"That's true. Well, I'm glad you've finally come to terms with your disability, Kyle. [rolls up the map] Gentlemen, I'm off to start planning! [walks away]"
Fatbeard,Kyle,[puts his hands together and prays] Please. Please let him go.
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's class. The students are in their seats. Three notes play over the PA system."
Fatbeard,Gordon Stoltski,"Good morning, students. These are the morning announcements. Teacher-parent conferences have been rescheduled to next Tuesday. [Mr. Garrison reads during the announcements] Please inform your parents. The gym is being repainted, and is closed until tomorrow afternoon. And now for a special announcement:"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Avast there, mateys! [the class looks up at the speaker] Do ya have a thirst for adventure on the high seas of life? [a shot of some kids in the hall, including sixth graders] Arrre you sick and tired of your parents and teachers telling you what to do all the time? [a shot of the kindergarten class, and its teacher] Then join Captain Cartman's Perfect Pirate Club, arrrr! [back to Mr. Garrison's class] Just imagine it, me hearties! A life without rules, without homework and chores! You can live the pirate's life in Somalia, me friends! [Kyle looks at the blackboard, his eyes half-closed. Stan begins to write stuff down] Even Kyle said so. [Kyle buries his face into his desk] Our first official pirate mee'in will be 4 pm today at Kevin Stoley's house!"
Fatbeard,Kevin,At my house? Why my house?
Fatbeard,Cartman,"There will be refreshments served! So make sure your mom goes to the grocery store, Kevinnn! So come one, come all! The invitation is open to any student who wants to be a pirate, and who isn't Jewish, Mexican or ginger! Arrrgh!"
Fatbeard,Gordon,"And for lunch today, the cafeteria will be serving taco salad or hoagie sandwiches. Thank you."
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Kevin Stoley's house, basement, just past 4. Butters is leading the meeting, as Cartman hasn't arrived yet."
Fatbeard,Butters,"Ahoy fellow club members. Congratulations on leaving your meaningless lives behind to become pirates. [only four kids showed up - Kevin, Ike, Clyde, and Gordon Stoltski] Your life of boredom is at an end, thanks to Captain Cartman. All hands on deck! [blows into a whistle. To his left, by the stairs, is a door with a sign, ""Captain"" on it. Cartman enters the room though that door.]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Attention! All right, you booty lovers! So you decided to join Captain Cartman's edjeh... [sees Gordon Stoltski, then goes into a low voice] Uh, guys, who let in the g-i-n-g-e-r?"
Fatbeard,Clyde,"Well, there's really not that many of us. We figured we should let him join."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"But guys, g-i-n-g-e-rs can't be pirates because they don't have souls. Please get it out of here."
Fatbeard,Gordon,"Fine, I don't wanna be a pirate anyways! [leaves his seat and goes out the stairs and out of the basement]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Okay, anyways. Now enough small talk, lads! It's time for us to start rapin' and plunderin'!"
Fatbeard,Butters,Yeah!
Fatbeard,Cartman,We set course tomorrow! I purchased everyone's ticket online using me mother's credit card!
Fatbeard,Clyde,And your mom is okay with that?
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Dude, I'm a pirate! What the devil do I care what me mudder thinks anymore?"
Fatbeard,Butters,Neato!
Fatbeard,Cartman,Alright lads! Go home and write your farewell letters to your families! The land of pirates awaits! [holds up a jeweled sword]
Fatbeard,Butters,Pirates ho! [holds up his own small sword. The others follow suit with daggers]
Fatbeard,"Clyde, Ike",Pirates ho!
Fatbeard,Kevin,Ho! [his sword is a lightsaber. Cartman looks at it in disbelief]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Kevin, Goddammit! [Kevin turns off the lightsaber's light]"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,Montage. A passenger jet flies out of Denver International.
Fatbeard,Clerk,"Have a good flight. Next, please? [Cartman approaches with his crew. He hands the clerk his payment]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"We be headin' to Somaaliaa. By way of Miami to Cairo. And take care o' you put us in an exit row, you land lubber!"
Fatbeard,Clerk,[slowly] I see. You five boys are all booked through to Cairo by yourselves?
Fatbeard,Cartman,"That we be, lass. It's all paid for on me mudder's credit card."
Fatbeard,Butters,[has second thoughts and turns around] Oh jeez. Unh I don't know if I can really go through with this.
Fatbeard,Cartman,What?!
Fatbeard,Butters,"It's just l-leavin' everything behind, uh, uh I can't believe I'm actually doing it."
Fatbeard,Clyde,Yeah maybe we should think about this.
Fatbeard,Cartman,"You guys, the fuck? Are you forgetting how crappy your lives are?! All the homework, the rules?! Butters, do you really wanna just go back to school, where people just make fun of you?"
Fatbeard,Butters,"Huh, who, you mean you?"
Fatbeard,Cartman,Yes! Do you really wanna go back to that?!
Fatbeard,Butters,"No, I'm sick of it!"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Well all right then, fag! We can't turn back now! The path to adventure lies just beyond this ticket counter! And if you four have really come all this way just to turn back now, then seriously you guys, the FUCK?"
Fatbeard,Butters,"He's right, lads. To adventure!"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"The flight path is shown. It follows the path Cartman traced on the map. Butters is giddy looking out the window. As the plane crosses the Atlantic the boys play in their seats. Once the plane reaches Cairo, the boys transfer onto a bus and go south across Egypt, Sudan, Ethiopia, and finally Somalia, ending in Mogadishu. A shot of the city from the air, looking east. The bus stops and everyone gets off. The road underneath it is dusty. The boys walk away from the bus, then it rolls off. They can't believe what they see."
Fatbeard,Clyde,This is Somalia?
Fatbeard,Butters,Where's all the waterfalls and shi-and shipwreck lagoons?
Fatbeard,Cartman,"The FUCK?! [some Somalis notice them and stop to look] 'Scuse me, where are the pirates? [stops a man walking by] Hey, hey we're looking for the pirates? Where can we find the-uh! [the man ignores him and keeps on walking.] Butters, get the phrase book out. [Butters approaches with the phrase book in hand] Ask these people where the pirates are."
Fatbeard,Butters,"Uhh, [mumbles a bit] mahjey burazi?"
Fatbeard,Somali 1,Burad. Iyaja dene zaredeko.
Fatbeard,Somali 2,Buradi wakuwasa.
Fatbeard,Butters,Oh. He-he says they're in there. [points to his left. A mustard-colored building is being defended by two guards.]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Ah, nice. Come on, mateys! [the boys turn and walk towards the building]"
Fatbeard,Somali 2,"Mayasuk! Hageha-aden! Letka suwahater! [Translation: ""No! wait! Don't go in there! Those people are dangerous!""]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Yes, bebebudjuhbluhbluhbluhbluh. Thank you. [dismissing the warning, he and his crew continue on to the building.]"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,The pirates' lair. They go about their business until they notice the boys enter. Cartman walks on into the middle of the lair.
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Avast! [no one else says a word. In a low voice, he says] These aren't pirates, they're just a bunch of black people."
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"The following is taken from the episode, as they are English subtitles."
Fatbeard,Pirate 1,"""Is this some kind of joke?"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 2,"""I don't know what the fuck this is!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,I am Captain Cartman and this here be my terrible crew! We be lookin' for a ship to pirate with.
Fatbeard,Pirate 1,"""These white children will bring a high price in ransom money!"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 2,"""Take them out to the nearest European boat! Show them we have children hostages!"" [surrounding pirates stand up with their rifles]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Yes, very nice. Apparently, these are the pirates."
Fatbeard,Scene Description,The pirates' bay. Several pirates walk the boys down the dock.
Fatbeard,Pirate 3,"[wearing a #13 jersey] ""Move it! Go over that way!"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 4,"[wearing a mustard-colored shirt] ""We will get a nice ransom for you!"" [the fifth pirate wears a black shirt]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Oh, excellent! They're taking us to a ship. Once we commandeer our vessel the plundering will be easy indeed, lads. [they all stop next to a small boat]"
Fatbeard,Pirate 3,"""Get on board!"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 4,"""Do it now!"" [the boys turn to see the boat the pirates want them on]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"This... is your pirate boat? Dude, the FUCK! Alright, seriously you guys? What kind of pirates are you? I mean, really? The FUCK, dude, the FUCK?!"
Fatbeard,Pirate 3,"""Get on the boat now!"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 4,"""Move!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Alright lads, guess we'll have to settle with this meager ship. Two of you sit aft and two of you sit in the front."
Fatbeard,Kevin,I gotta sit middle 'cause I get motion sickness. [the other boys climb in and all four end up on the same row]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Kevin, Jesus Christ! [a pirate starts the motor and the boat moves forward] Hard to starboard, lads! There's sure to be lots of booties out hyah! [Clyde begins to cry] Clyde, the fuck?!"
Fatbeard,Clyde,You said there was gonna be crystal clear lagoons and treasure and plunderrrr! [continues crying]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Calm down, Clyde. Everything's gonna be okay!"
Fatbeard,Clyde,No it's not! You made me run away to be a pirate and there's not even any treasure!
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Ike, will you do something about Clyde, please? [Ike looks at Clyde and smacks him. Clyde stops crying] Very nice, Ike. [looks ahead] All right me hearties! Keep your eyes open for boats to plunder! [before them is a French cruise ship]"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"The French cruise ship, day."
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""Keep your eyes open, Mr. Leon. These waters are full of renegades and thieves."""
Fatbeard,Mr. Leon,"[ship's navigator] ""Yes, Captain!"" [an alarm sounds and the captain leaves the bridge to find out what's going on.]"
Fatbeard,Deck Hand,"[sees the captain and approaches] ""Captain! We have an unknown vessel approaching quickly to port!"""
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""Damn pirates! Alert the crew! All hands on deck!"" [the little boat pulls up next to the cruise ship. The captain and his crew gather in front of the bridge and the captain looks at the pirates through his binoculars]"
Fatbeard,Pirate 5,"[through a bullhorn] ""We demand ransom for these children! Pay us or we will kill them!"""
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""They've got CHILDREN HOSTAGES!"""
Fatbeard,Cruise Attendant,"""My God!"""
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""Get the U.N. on the radio. Advise them of the situation."""
Fatbeard,Pirate 5,"""We want 5,000 Euros! You easily have that much on board!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,Du-dude! You're doing it all wrong! Let me handle this. [takes the bullhorn from him] Alright ya scalliwags! Surrender your plunder and let me send my shot across your bow!
Fatbeard,Pirate 4,"[moves over to Cartman and aims his rifle at him] ""We are going to start killing them! Starting with the fat one!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Yeah that's good, but now go ARRRGH!"
Fatbeard,Butters,ARRRRRRGH!
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Kyle is looking mighty relaxed now that Cartman is gone. He's in the living room talking on the phone with Stan."
Fatbeard,Kyle,"Yeah? Okay, and you checked with Kenny and Token? He's not just staying at their houses?"
Fatbeard,Stan,"[in the kitchen at his house] No, dude, everyone's checked. I think Cartman really ran away to Somalia."
Fatbeard,Kyle,Yes! I can't help but take some credit for this. I helped convince him to go!
Fatbeard,Stan,You really think he'll die in Somalia?
Fatbeard,Kyle,"[chuckles] Oh for sure, dude! It's the most God-forsaken place on the planet! Things are finally gonna be normal around here."
Fatbeard,Sheila,"[voice only, but soon comes down the stairs with Gerald behind her] Oh God! Oh God, what did we do wrong, Gerald?! [She has a letter in her hand. Kyle's happiness vanishes]"
Fatbeard,Gerald,Take it easy. We'll find him.
Fatbeard,Kyle,I'll call you back. [hangs up. Sheila approaches him.]
Fatbeard,Sheila,"Oh Kyle, he's gone! Your little brother's run away from home!"
Fatbeard,Kyle,What? Are you sure?
Fatbeard,Sheila,He left a note saying he's never coming back.
Fatbeard,Kyle,"[takes the note and reads it aloud] ""Dear Mommy and Daddy: I am running away. I am sorry, but I can no longer handle the monotony of middle-class life. Everyone at school is a fucking idiot, and if one more person talked to me about that Susan Boyle performance of Les Misérables I was going to puke my balls out through my mouth. I love you all, but I have to move on. I'm going to Somalia to be a-"" to be a pirate?! Oh shit!"
Fatbeard,Sheila,"Oh Gerald, what are we gonna do?"
Fatbeard,Gerald,"It's alright, he couldn't have gone far. Let's call the other kids' houses. [leaves with Sheila and the phone]"
Fatbeard,Kyle,Oh God. What have I done?
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"The French cruise ship, day."
Fatbeard,Pirate 4,"""We are growing impatient! Give us what we want or they die!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,The FUCK are you pirates doing?! Are we gonna plunder them or not?!
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""Alright! Alright! We are going to give you what you want! But you must hand over the children UNHARMED!"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 5,"""The money first!"" [a crewman throws down a bag of money to the small boat and one of the pirates catches it and opens it. A rope ladder is unfurled so the boys could climb up to the cruise ship] ""Go! Get on the boat! Move!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Alright, let's go! [the boys go up the ladder and board the ship]"
Fatbeard,Cruise Attendant,"""We got 'em - They're safe!"" [the pirate boat turns and zooms away]"
Fatbeard,French Captain,"[to the pirates] ""Your crimes will not go unpunished!"" [turns and faces the kids] ""Are you kids alright?"""
Fatbeard,Cruise Attendant,"""Did they hurt you?"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Quiet, you sons of biscuit eaters! This boat is now pirate propertih! Now get ye to your lifeboat, lest you wanna be shark bait!"
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""What is this?!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Plunder the booty, lads! This ship is ours!"
Fatbeard,Butters,Okay! [runs off to plunder]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"I said, get off my boat!"
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""Hey! You can't order us around!"" [Kevin walks up with his lightsaber and turns it on. The captain and crew jump back. Kevin waves it around, Cartman rolls his eyes to the right, and the captain and crew move in that direction. They all head to a lifeboat]"
Fatbeard,French Captain and crew,"[Talking over each other] Qu'est qu'il passe!? Mon Dieu! (""What's going on!? My God!"")"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"That's it! Get in there you swarmy dogs! [the captain and crew get on the lifeboat] Lower 'em down, Ike. [Ike lowers the lifeboat to the ocean]"
Fatbeard,French Captain,"""Scoundrels! You will pay for this!"""
Fatbeard,Butters,Have a good day! [the lifeboat is safely on the water. Cartman quickly begins to make changes. The French flag comes down and the skull and bones one goes up. Cartman walks up to the the ship's bow]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Hard to port, lads!"
Fatbeard,Clyde,[relaying the message] Hard to port!
Fatbeard,Butters,"[at the wheel. Ike stands on a stool next to him] What's ""port""?!"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Just make the boat go that way, kind of. [the ship ends up turning towards shore, towards the pirates' lair.]"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Pirate's lair, docks. The 3 Somali pirates have just finished tying up their boat when they stop and look towards the sea. The ship's horn blows and the ship heads towards the dock, with Cartman standing at the bow."
Fatbeard,Cartman,That's good. Now bring her around topside. [the cruise ship pulls up alongside the pier and lowers the rope ladder. The boys get off the ship and head back to the lair. Cartman stops for a moment and points it out to the pirates] Now that's a pirate ship!
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Pirate's lair, bar. Armed Somali pirates are sitting around and chatting with each other."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"[the boys head enter the bar] A fine day o' plunderin' we had, boys! What about yourselves? [starts tossing wads of cash at pirates] Here you are, lads. Plenty of booty to go around. [walks to an open table and has the boys sit there] A round of grog for me boys! [a pirate brings drinks to the table and passes them out] A round of grog for everyone! [the pirate leaves] The fuck is this? This is water in a Dixie cup! Alright, Goddammit, really you guys! What kind of pirates are you?! Look at yourselves! You disgrace the Blackbeard! I don't know where you people get off calling yourselves pirates! [gets up and walks around] Little beat-up boats, water in Dixie cups. I mean, I mean look, look at this guy! [the pirate he's looking at has lost his left leg from the knee down] Look at this guy for Christ's sake! [rips a leg from a chair and ties it up the pirate's left leg] I mean, how hard is this, people?! [the pirate grins and hobbles away with his new peg leg. Cartman walks back to the boys' table, then stands on it] I tell you lads, if we're gonna be the most feared people on Earth, then there needs to be some Goddamned changes around here! Weee drink and we pillage and we do what we please! We get all that we want for free!"
Fatbeard,"Cartman, Butters",We'll kick your ass and rape your lass. Somalian pirates we! So with a yo ho ho! [No one says a thing]
Fatbeard,Cartman,[sighs] Goddamnit people! With a yo ho ho!
Fatbeard,Pirates,[awkwardly] Yo ho ho.
Fatbeard,Cartman,And with a yee hee hee!
Fatbeard,Pirates,[awkwardly] Yee hee hee.
Fatbeard,Cartman,We take to the African sea! We'll brave the squalls and bust your balls Somalian pirates we!
Fatbeard,Pirates,Somalian pirates we.
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Butters mops the deck with the pirates. Cartman leads other pirates off the ship with fresh booty. Other pirates build up a sand sculpture of a giant skull. Next, they paint ""Beware!"" on the cruise ship. Butters walks up to Ike, who puts a tri-corner hat on a Somali pirate. Nearby, pirates carry barrels of ""ALE"" between them."
Fatbeard,Together,"We left our homes and we left our mudders to go on a pillagin' spree! We'll cut off your ears and break your toes and make you drink our pee! And if you sail into our waters, you best hear this decree: We'll take your boat, set your ass afloat!"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,One of the barrels has another pirate in it.
Fatbeard,Pirate,Somalian pirate we.
Fatbeard,Cartman,Nice. And with a yo ho ho!
Fatbeard,Scene Description,A shot of the sand sculpture.
Fatbeard,Pirates,Yo ho ho!
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"A shot Clyde and Kevin raising the flag on the flagpole, then of Cartman nailing down the lair's new name: Skull Cove."
Fatbeard,Cartman,And a tricky lahty do!
Fatbeard,Pirates,Tricky lahty do!
Fatbeard,Scene Description,Cartman makes a choir out of the pirates and conducts them.
Fatbeard,"Cartman, Choir",We'll shoot you in the face with glee! Then we'll cut off your ears-
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Okay okay, let's stop there for a minute. Remember, on tricka lahty do, that's a ""lahty do"" Okay, really need you guys to enunciate the ""lahty"" Uh, Nadif, if I can get you and Abdikaram to sing the harmony on the second ""yo ho"". And uh, Hashmish, is it? I'm sorry, but you're a little flat. Remember to sing out, don't close your throat, m'kay? So let's go from uh, bar 14. We'll pick up after the quarter rest. Ike? [Ike is at a spinet piano]"
Fatbeard,Pirate Choir,Somalian pirates we.
Fatbeard,Cartman,Better! With a yo ho ho!
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Cartman looks out over the cove with a telescope from the crow's nest. The cruise ship, now called ""The Black Diamond,"" pulls up along another French ship and force its crew to surrender. Cartman pours water over a lazy crocodile."
Fatbeard,Choir,Yo ho ho!
Fatbeard,Cartman,And a tricky lahty do!
Fatbeard,Choir,Tricky lahty do!
Fatbeard,"Cartman, Choir",We'll shoot you in the face with glee! Then we'll cut off your cock and feed it to a croc.
Fatbeard,Ike,Somalian pirates we.
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Ike sets off a coconut cannonball, but the coconut simply falls out. Next is the big finish, with everyone gathered around Cartman on the beach."
Fatbeard,Pirate Choir,Somaliaaan piiiraaates weeeeee.
Fatbeard,Cartman,Somaliaaan piiiraaates weeeeee.
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Off shore is a tanker called ""Paolo."" The French crew is now on board with cups of water and draped in blankets, and the tanker's captain is on the phone with the U.N."
Fatbeard,Paolo Captain,"We found them adrift in a lifeboat, sir. They say that pirates took their ship by force."
Fatbeard,U.N. Leader,Damn pirates! What's causing them to suddenly be so much more active? Is the crew okay?
Fatbeard,Paolo Captain,"Yes sir. They're French, so they surrendered immediately. [addresses the crew] Once the pirates boarded your ship how did they force you off?"
Fatbeard,French Captain,"Il avait un lightsabeur. (""He had a lightsaber"")"
Fatbeard,Cruise Attendant,"Oui. Un lightsabeur. (""Yes. A lightsaber"")"
Fatbeard,Deck Hand,"Le lightsabeur -- terrible. (""The lightsaber...it was terrible"")[does lightsaber sound effects, then sobs.]"
Fatbeard,Paolo Captain,"Sir, the pirates appear to have forced the French crew off their boat with a lightsaber."
Fatbeard,U.N. Leader,"My God, pirates are getting better-equipped every day! Gentlemen, I want the President of the United States on the phone. We can no longer fight the pirates on the seas. We have to take them out where they live."
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Skull Cove, later. Cartman enjoys a drink from a coconut shell."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"What did I tell you, Butters? This is the good life, huh? [a shot is heard, followed by commotion from the pirates. Cartman and the boys walk over to a crowd of pirates gathered around something] What's going on?"
Fatbeard,Pirate 6,"""We have a hostage!"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 7,"""Another American arrived on the bus!"""
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Ahhh, good. A hostage will bring a fine ransom. [the crowd splits in two and Kyle is shown. Kyle is tied up so he can't use his arms. Ike looks happy to see Kyle.] Well well well well well!"
Fatbeard,Scene Description,A news flash.
Fatbeard,Announcer,This is CNN... N.
Fatbeard,Anchorman,Breaking news of yet another pirate crisis in Somalia. Members of NATO received word today that pirates have captured an American child and are demanding ten million Euros for his safe release. U.S Navy ships have been deployed and the pirate standoff is about to get ugly.
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Skull Cove, later. Cartman paces back and forth with confidence."
Fatbeard,Cartman,Well well well well well well well well well Kyle! You came all this way to try and join my pirate club.
Fatbeard,Kyle,"No, fatass, I came to get my brother! We all have to get out of here! It isn't safe."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"""It isn't safe."" That's not what you said back in the cafeteria, Kyle. In the cafeteria you said Somalia was ""awesome."""
Fatbeard,Kyle,I know! I was lying then!
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Or are you lying now? So many lies, Kyle, you can't even keep them straight. You just couldn't stand that we were living in paradise while you were back home."
Fatbeard,Kyle,"This isn't paradise and you know it! The people here are starving and dying! The whole world has used Somalia as a dumping ground for toxic waste. Even the fish here are radioactive! [a fish walks out of the water on hind legs, squawks, turn around and goes back into the ocean] Cartman, just give me my brother [Cartman turns around and faces Kyle] and let us get out of here!"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Your brother is with Butters taking inventory of our latest plunder, Kyle. You... just sit tight till we hear about your ransom money, hmhmm."
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Inside the pirates' lair, Butters and Ike stock a French tool box. Butters announces the items and hands them to Ike."
Fatbeard,Butters,"One box of Italian passports. One necklace, gold. Three crewmember watches."
Fatbeard,Pirate 4,[walks up to the two boys] Ey excuse me. Can I ask you a question?
Fatbeard,Butters,"Oh. Uhuh sure, Galeed."
Fatbeard,Galeed,Why did you Americans come here?
Fatbeard,Butters,"Well, 'cause our lives sucked back home! We had all these rules and homework."
Fatbeard,Ike,"Yeah, homework."
Fatbeard,Butters,And our parents hollered at us!
Fatbeard,Ike,Yeah.
Fatbeard,Butters,So we wanted to come here and be pirates.
Fatbeard,Ike,Piewets!
Fatbeard,Galeed,"But that's what I do not understand. Why would anyone ""want"" to be a pirate?"
Fatbeard,Butters,Huh?
Fatbeard,Galeed,"Every day I dream that I can go to school. Learn about the world. But my mother, she is dyin' of AIDS, and there is no money for medicine. My father was killed trying to find food for us. Do you know how I feel every time we try to capture a boat? Scared. And not just scared because I might get killed, but scared because if I don't get something out of it, my family and friends are going to die. I don't want to be a pirate. I don't see how anybody would. [turns and quickly runs out of the lair.]"
Fatbeard,Ike,Oh my God. [rests his head against a chair]
Fatbeard,Butters,"Jeez. Guess we kind of got put in our place, huh Ike?"
Fatbeard,Ike,"I feel, like an asshole."
Fatbeard,Butters,"Yeah, me too."
Fatbeard,Scene Description,"Outside on the cove, Cartman has Kyle on the makeshift plank above the crocodile."
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Go on! Walk the plank, you scurvy dog!"
Fatbeard,Kyle,"Cartman, knock it off!"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"That's Captain Cartman, you Jewswoggle!"
Fatbeard,Pirate 6,"""Do you think all American kids are as crazy as these are?"""
Fatbeard,Pirate 8,"""It's starting to look that way."""
Fatbeard,Butters,"[runs up to Eric with Ike in tow] Eric! Hey Eric. Listen, we wanna go home."
Fatbeard,Cartman,What?!
Fatbeard,Butters,"Me and Ike, well, we've been talkin' and, well guys, we really had it pretty good back in America. I mean, sure, it's easy to think our lives are boring and full of rules, but a lot of people have it way worse. The pirate's life isn't a life of fun and adventure, it's a life of hardship and suffering. When you get down to it, well we were pretty lucky to have the lives we did. [Clyde begins to cry again]"
Fatbeard,Cartman,Clyde!
Fatbeard,Clyde,I hate it here and I wanna go home!! [begins to bawl]
Fatbeard,Cartman,"[threatens the other three boys with his sword; they back down] You guys cannot leave the pirate club now! How can you not want to stay in this paradise we've created?! In Somalia, people have no laws! They have no rules! And they never grow old!"
Fatbeard,Kyle,They never grow old because they die before they're 30!
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Nobody's goin' anywhere!! I'm the captain of this outfit! [whistles] To arms! [the real pirates gather around and aim their rifles at the boys] Now, is there any question who's in charge? I have an entire pirate crew willing to do anything for me!"
Fatbeard,Pirate 5,"""Hey, what's that?"" [in the distance a U.S. ship gets into position]"
Fatbeard,Commander,"Alright men, remember, do not hit the white ones!"
Fatbeard,Cartman,"Me and my crew are gonna go on piratin' forever! [a volley of bullets takes down all the pirates, leaving the six boys unharmed. The boys look at the carnage around them]"
Fatbeard,Sniper,[several seconds later] Clear.
Fatbeard,Cartman,The FUCK?!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night."
Dead Celebrities,Gerald,[voice over] You have been very very naughty! [a shot of Kyle's parents having sex in bed] You're a naughty girl! [begins to grunt with every thrust]
Dead Celebrities,Sheila,"Oh yes, Gerald! I've been so naughty! [joins in the grunting for a few seconds] Ah, oh, oh, oh jeez! Oh! [their bedroom door opens]"
Dead Celebrities,Gerald,"[quickly turns around and faces the door] What the?! ...Ike! [Ike is at the bedroom entrance looking scared. He's dragging a puppy plushie around] Ike, get back to bed right now!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,I'm scared. There's a ghost.
Dead Celebrities,Gerald,"Uh, not this again. [angrily] Ike, we are sick of you talking about ghosts!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"But, Daddy, I saw the-"
Dead Celebrities,Gerald,"No buts! Get back to your room right now and don't come out! You got it?! [Ike turns left and walks out of view, his head hanging]"
Dead Celebrities,Sheila,"Gerald, what has gotten into him?"
Dead Celebrities,Gerald,"[sighing] Hoh, I don't know. I think maybe with all the news of famous people dying this summer, he just freaked himself out."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Ike's room, moments later. The moon fills the room with dim light and a tree outside the window casts a moving shadow onto Ike's bed. Ike sits in his bed nervously. He looks outside the window, and the tree's branches rap at his window in the high wind. Ike looks around and shuts his eyes. His mobile playset begins to turn slowly. A loud sound wakes Ike and then he gasps. A ghost makes its way towards the window from outside, passes through it slowly, then lunges at him. As soon as the ghost is at the foot of the bed, it becomes recognizable as Billy Mays, the late TV pitchman."
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here for Megascrub Cleanser."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,AAAAAAAAA!
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Are you tired of your kitchen counters getting those nasty stains? Don't just rub 'em, Megascrub 'em!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Billy Mays, NO! [jumps out of bed and runs into his closet. The camera pans out...]"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[...and Billy is in the closet too] Mold, mildew, even those impossible wine stains are gone in a flash when you snipe them away."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"[runs out of the closet, through his room, and into the hallway.] MMOOMMMYYY! [runs towards the stairs and passes another room. Another celebrity appears in the entrance] AAAAAA! Farrah Fawcett! Farrah Fawcett! [runs to a door opposite the room and opens it. A man appears hanging from the ceiling in that room, wearing fishnet stockings] AAAAAA! David Carradine! [runs away from that room and heads for the stairs, but stops in his tracks and gasps]"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[walking up the stairs] Hi, Billy Mays here for Mighty Mend It, the fast and easy way to mend, hem, and wear it again. [Ike backs away towards his room]"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,NOOOOO!
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"[comes out of his room] Ike! Ike, what?!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Make Billy Mays go away! Make Billy Mays go away! [Kyle looks, but nothing is there] Make him stop! [buries his face in Kyle's shoulder. Kyle consoles him] Make him stop, Kyle!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The office of one D. Land, Ph. D., Psychiatrist, day. Inside, the psychiatrist has Ike on a couch and is trying to get him to open up."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Land,"Now, Ike, your family is very worried about you. Ike, you can talk to me. I'm a therapist. Whatever has been troubling you, it's okay."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"No, it's... it's a secret."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Land,"Ike, tell me your secret. I promise not to tell anyone else."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,[turns his head to the right to look at the doctor] I see dead... ce-le-bri-ties.
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Land,"You mean, you see dead celebrities on TV? In the news?"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,I see them walking around. They talk to me.
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Land,Are you seeing any dead celebrities right now?
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Just Ed McMahon. [Ed McMahon's ghost looks at Ike over Dr. Land's right shoulder, then turns right and walks off]"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Land,How often do you see dead celebrities?
Dead Celebrities,Ike,All the time. [blinks a few times]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Cartman has the remote control and is flipping through channels."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"'Sup, Jew?"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Guys, Ike has gotten worse. I'm really worried about him. He says he's still seeing dead celebrities."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,HA! What a dumbass!
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,(What do you think is wrong with him?)
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"I don't know. Last night we found him hiding in the kitchen pantry. He was screaming the name ""Billy Mays"" over and over again."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Billy Mays? Billy Mays?! [hops off the sofa] Dude, you didn't tell us Ike was seeing Billy Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Your little brother saw the ghost of Billy Mays?
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Dude, I don't even know who that is."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"The guy on TV who had incredible things for people to buy? He died four months ago but they still show his commercials all the time? Oh, oh for the love of Christ, here! [quickly flips through the channels until a Billy Mays commercial appears] Here here! This, this is him!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Commercial. Mays is in a laundry room.
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here with another fantastic product. If you're like other Americans, you love to eat Chipotle [shows off two Chipotle burritos], but you hate all those terrible bloodstains in your underwear. [shows off bloodstained underwear]"
Dead Celebrities,Man 1,[holding a burrito in his right hand] I love Chipotle. But getting all the bloodstains out of my underwear is a nightmare. [a shriek is added for emphasis]
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[now near a washer and dryer] Well now there's a product that can clean even bloodstains caused by Chipotle right off your underwear. Chipotl-away. [shows off the bottle, which says Chipotlaway. What follows is a demonstration of how the product works] Just one Chipotle burrito [shown] can leave up to a quarter cup of underwear blood [a quarter cup of red liquid is poured onto the briefs], but Chipotl-away [a couple of squirts of it makes the liquid vanish] makes your underwear clean [a towel is used to remove the liquid and product] and ready for more. [a man is shown stocking up on briefs, but they slip from his arms] Stop buying new underwear every time you eat Chipotle. That can cost you thousands. Chipotl-away gets rid of bloodstains and leaves underwear good as new. [a pair of black hands smooths some briefs out over a table, then puts the Chipotle burrito on it] Imagine having underwear so clean you can practically eat off of it."
Dead Celebrities,Man 2,"[leans down towards the burrito and smiles at the camera] Mmm, Chipotle. [gives a thumbs up and begins to eat off his underwear]"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Now you can eat all the Chipotle you want [two women eat burritos on a park bench.], and still have underwear that sparkles and shines [one of the women holds up a pair of clean panties, which sparkle and shine]. Order right now!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,TV promo.
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,That product changed my life. It really works. I use it all the time.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What?! Are you serious?!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Look Kyle, if there's even a chance that Billy Mays' soul is not at rest, then I wanna help however I can."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Dude, why the hell would you DO that?!"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Because he was a great person, Kyle."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"NO, why the hell would you keep eating something that made you crap blood?!"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"...Dude, have you had Chipotle? It's really good. You guys, we have to help Kyle's brother and get to the bottom of this. And I think I know just who to call..."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,An episode of Ghost Hunters.
Dead Celebrities,Announcer,"On this episode of Ghost Hunters [a cemetery is shown]: a little boy in Colorado appears to be haunted by celebrities. [a shot of Ike floating across the screen, with various backdrops behind him] Now the Ghost Hunter team will roll out and get to the bottom of it. It's the gayest show in the fucking world; Ghost Hunters!"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Alright, tell us what we got this week, Kris."
Dead Celebrities,Kris,We're going to Colorado to investigate celebrity paranorm-
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Wait, what? What was that? What was that?"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,"I heard it too. It was like a, like a ...*pop*"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,Is there a ghost here?
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,TAPS heads out to South Park in two SUVs.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Alright, so you say a little boy is seeing the ghosts?"
Dead Celebrities,Kris,"Yeah, apparently only he is seeing them."
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Doyuh ssh ssh. What, what is that? Do you hear that?! There, there look. What is that? What is that?"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,I think that's just a cigarette lighter.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Oh, right, okay. May be."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"TAPS has made it to South Park. They are in the Broflovski house at night, in the dark. No lights are on except for flashlights."
Dead Celebrities,Jason,We are now inside the house where the celebrity ghosts have been spotted. Whoa whoa what? What was that? What was that?
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What was what?
Dead Celebrities,Jason,Did you hear that? It was like a... it was like a... dee.. Is there a spooky ghost here?? Uh LOOK. What is that? What is that?? [a shot of the Broflovskis living room TV]
Dead Celebrities,Grant,I'm pretty sure that's their television.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Oh man I am really scared. [looks at his groin. Grant's flashlight and the camera quickly aim at it] Whoa whoa whoa whoa! What is this? What is this? There's a, there's a, a wetness coming from my pants! [he peed his pants]"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,I see it!
Dead Celebrities,Jason,W... what is it?!
Dead Celebrities,Grant,Oh God I'm so scared! [begins to whimper] I'm so scared.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Look! Look, it's got you too! [points to Grant's groin, then says to the cameraman] Are you getting this? Make sure the camera is getting this. Definitely some paranormal activity!"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,"It's warm, and moist. A warm moist sensation that's moving down my left thigh. [the urine reaches the floor and starts spreading out]"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Look, it's starting to form a, a a pool around the floor now. Are you getting this??"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Are you guys fucking serious?
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Oh God, the paranormal activity is now leaving a, a trail of some kind behind both of us! [such melodrama!]"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,"Hoh! Something... hot, and and, warm is coming out the back of my pants now. [Well...]"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,Oh it smells!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, outside. The front door opens and the four ghost hunters run out screaming."
Dead Celebrities,TAPS,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, inside. The lights are back on. Ike hangs his head and walks off to his left, sighing. He sits down on the bottom steps of the stairs. Kyle follows him and sits next to him."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Ya see Ike? There's nothing. There's nothing for you to be afraid of.
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[his ghost suddenly appears with a new pitch] Hi, Billy Mays here for the Big City Slider Station."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"It's all just in your head, Ike."
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,The fast and easy way to press and cook delicious sliders.
Dead Celebrities,Ike,AAAAA. AAAAAAAAAAA!! [the other boys look at each other]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Children's Hospital of Denver, night. Ike is in a recovery room while the older boys wait in the lobby on red couches."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,I just... don't understand it.
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"It's gonna be alright, Kyle."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"But, dude this doesn't make any sense. I mean, if you know it's going to make you crap blood, why wouldn't you at least just try eating less of it?"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Because, dude, that's what I'm saying. You have the Chipotlaway so it doesn't matter."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"But of course it matters, because you should be concerned there's blood in your underwear. [to Stan] Do you understand this?"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Dude, I don't understand at all. I eat Chipotle all the time and it never made me crap blood."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Ohh well how nice for you, Stan. It's great you've got a golden rectum of the gods, but the rest of us need Chipotlaway."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Carroll,"Well boys, little Ike is stable, but the celebrity ghosts appear to have sent him into some kind of coma."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Whoa whoa wait, there really are ghosts?"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Carroll,"Well of course there really are ghosts. Haven't you seen that show Ghost Hunters? But I'm a pediatric doctor, so I'm going to hand this off to Dr. Phillips, who specializes in spooky things. [Dr. Phillips, a female, walks in and addresses the boys]"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"The ghosts of these celebrities are at deep unrest. I've never sensed anything like it. [Stan and Kyle look at each other as Dr. Carroll walks away] I believe these celebrity ghosts are still roamin' the world, reachin' out through the child because they are lost in purgatory."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Purgatory? What's that?
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"[steps closer to the boys] Sometimes when people die, they can't quite accept what has happened to them. And so before they reach the afterlife, they go to a place called ""purgatory."" It is a temporary plane of existence. It's neither heaven, nor hell. Purgatory is like... being on an airplane that's waiting to take off, but you're still sitting at the gate. And even though the plane isn't taking off, they won't let you back off the plane. And you can't get up to go to the bathroom, because you're on an active runway. All these dead celebrities are sittin' on the plane waiting and wantin' to move on, but for whatever reason, they are stuck without any information, even from the pilot, how much longer it's going to be, and it's taking forever. And they aren't serving any drinks yet. It's like, a terrifying limbo."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,[concerned] Oh my God... poor Billy Mays...
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Ike's room. Dr. Phillips turns on the various monitors to measure Ike's vital signs... and to call out the ghosts.
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"I am speakin to the celebrities that are hauntin' this child. If any spirit can hear my voice, make your presence known. [the needles on an Ectograph 500 begin to move back and forth, producing some readings]"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[only his voice is heard] Hi, Billy Mays here with another fantastic product."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Billy Mays! [makes his way to the front of the group] It's him!
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,Are you tired of having to put your toilet seat down?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Yes! Yes I am, Billy Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,"No! Be quiet, Billy Mays! Somebody is trying to contact us!"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,To which celebrity am I addressin' now?
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,"This, is Walter Cronkite."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,All you celebrities need to know that you have passed on.
Dead Celebrities,Farrah Fawcett,We know that!
Dead Celebrities,DJ AM,Yeah! Of course we know that!
Dead Celebrities,Patrick Swayze,There's only one person here who's not cooperating!
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,That's right! Now just admit you're dead and sit down!
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"...No, that's ignorant! I'm not dead."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Uh oh.
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,You are dead!
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"No, I just have a skin condition."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"Boys, quickly! Convince Michael Jackson that he's dead."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What?
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,He's in denial. He's been in denial all his life. Now tell him or you're gonna lose your little brother.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Mister... Jackson, y-you aren't alive. You're in purgatory."
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"Nooo, you're being ignorant. I'm alive. And I'm a child. And I'm white."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Mr. Jackson, please, you're causing a lot of problems."
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here for the Super Sweeper."
Dead Celebrities,The Boys (except Cartman) and Dr. Phillips,"Shut up, Billy Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"You're dead, Mr. Jackson!"
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"No, that's, that's just ignorant."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Accept it! [the various machines start convulsing and sparking]
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,He's in too much denial! [a ball of plasma condenses in front of her and shoves her out a window on the top floor of the hospital.] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! [She flies through the air across the street and lands a half block away in the middle of another street. She dies on impact. The boys then gather around Ike and pull the wires off his face]
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Ike! Ike! Wake up buddy! Wake up! Ike, you've gotta wake up, please! [Ike's eyes slowly open] Eh there you go. That's good. [Ike looks around] Oh Ike. I thought I lost you, little brother."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"[with Michael Jackson's voice] Nooo. No, that's ignorant. [the boys' jaws drop] Oh look everyone, I told you I was alive."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Hey! What the hell are you doing inside my little brother?!
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Wee, I'm a child! [jumps up] I knew I was a child. See? Come on, let's play! Let's go climb a tree! [jumps off the bed and runs out of the room]"
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,"(Holy shit, dude!)"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Come back here! [the boys give chase]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"A park across the street from Children's Hospital of Denver, night. Ike runs to a tree in the park and tries to climb it."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Hey! Heeey!
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Come on, let's climb the tree! Hee hee!"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Mr. Jackson, you can't do this! This is not your body!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Noo, I'm a little white child. Let's play! [hops off the tree trunk and starts dancing] Hee! Hee hee! [begins to moonwalk] Hee hee hee! [arrives at the swing set and hops on a swing]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Dude, asshole, you're keeping a lot of other celebrities in purgatory!"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Including the late and very talented Billy Mays!
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"No, that's ignorant. People are just ignorant and they lie and spread rumors about me. Like, that I'm dead. But if I was dead, how could I do this? [hops off the swing and dances some more] Hoo! Dawdaby daw! Shamon! [Kyle looks at his friends and leads them away out of Ike's earshot]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What the hell are we going to do??
Dead Celebrities,Ike,[still dancing] Jou know! Jou know it! Hee hee!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,The Plane of Purgatory.
Dead Celebrities,Ed McMahon,"Come on, this is ridiculous! How much longer do we have to sit in purgatory?!"
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,Come on! Come on! This is ridiculous! Come on!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"[into an intercom mic] Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your patience. I've been informed that we are going to be delayed at least another 96 hours."
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,AWWWWWWWW!
Dead Celebrities,DJ AM,"Yo, you can't just keep people stuck like this, man!"
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"We know that you are all excited to cross over to the next plane, but for now you have to stay on this one."
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,That's it! I have to go to the bathroom!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"Sir, you have to stay in your seat with your seatbelt fastened!"
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,You've been saying that for three months now! [sits back down]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The four boys are now in Stan's room, and Stan is browsing around for information."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Alright, let's see: demonic ghosts, animal ghosts..."
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,"(No, scroll down some more, scroll down some more.)"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"...setting traps for ghosts, no..."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"[still trying to make sense of Cartman's ...problem] Okay, here's the one part that really makes no sense to me: [puts both his hands on the table and spreads his fingers out] the first time you saw blood stains on your underwear, were you alarmed?"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,[rolls his eyes up in thought] Was I alarmed? [closes his eyes] Yes. [opens them and looks at Kyle] I believe I was.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,So then why do you just ignore it using something as stupid as Chipotaway?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"[correcting him] Chipotlaway, Kyle. And I'm not the one who uses it, my mom does. She does the laundry. [Kyle's jaw drops in alarm]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Your mom... uses Chipotlaway... to clean blood stains... out of your underwear?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Yes!
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"And then takes you to Chipotle, and buys you more?"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Yes, Kyle, it's totally normal! [Kyle puts his hands down below the table] People do this stuff! You know, not everyone can be the boy with the golden butthole! [points to Stan]"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Here here here it is: possession by a ghost. A ghost that enters and then refuses to leave a living host has done so because it failed in the living world to be what it wanted to be. The ghost must be allowed to transform and be recognized by the living as what it always tried to be.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What has Michael Jackson always tried to be?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,A child... and a female. And white.
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Oh lookie, it's a planet. Hee hee hee."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,So he wants to finally be accepted by the living as a little white girl.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Well what the hell are we gonna do? Dress him up in a princess gown and, and parade him around like the parents on those awful child pageants? [Kyle looks at his friends, then down at the floor. His friends look at each other. Yes, Kyle...]"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"A Holiday Inn, day, at Lynchburg. ""Lynchburg Welcomes The Tiny Miss Pageant"". Inside, the contestants are being introduced. The stage is small, with two bouquets of flowers with balloons attached, one at each end of the stage."
Dead Celebrities,MC,"Hello. First up we have the beautiful Miss Jessica. [Jessica comes out wearing lots of makeup, a big head of hair, and a pink pageant dress. There's a smattering of applause]"
Dead Celebrities,Jessica's Mom,[clapping] Alright Jessica! Woohoo! [Jessica stops and shows off to the audience]
Dead Celebrities,MC,"Jessica enjoys ridin' her horse Marley and doin' her nails with her sisters. Next, contestant number 26, Miss Brandy. [who comes out in a yellow dress]"
Dead Celebrities,Brandy's Mom,Yeah Brandy! Work it girl!
Dead Celebrities,MC,Brandy likes ice cream and playing with her cat Sunshine.
Dead Celebrities,Brandy's Mom,"[whispering loudly] Don't forget to blow a kiss to the judges, Brandy. [Brandy dutifully blows a kiss to the judges and grins. A balding judge grabs the kiss with his left hand, then reaches down to his groin with that hand and begins to masturbate. Brandy steps off the stage and walks away]"
Dead Celebrities,MC,"And now welcome contestant number 27, little Miss Michael Jackson. [Ike walks on stage in a small pink dress and blond wig]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Alright, Michael! [Kenny mumbles something]"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Yeah yeah rah work it Michael work it!
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Yeahhhh!
Dead Celebrities,MC,"Michael says she just enjoys being a child. She loves to play and climb trees, and thinks people who don't are ignorant."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,Ignorant.
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,God I hope this works.
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Purgatory. The celebrities are still waiting to take off to the next plane.
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here for the little Country Handy Pillow. Are you tired of sitting in limbo? Lost somewhere between planes of existence? Well now there's a product that can help you-"
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,Will somebody shut his fucking mouth?! I can't take it anymore!
Dead Celebrities,Patrick Swayze,"This is bad enough without having to constantly listen to you try and sell your stupid crap, Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"With just two easy steps, I can climb over these seats and kick you right in the fucking balls!"
Dead Celebrities,David Carradine,That does it. We are not gonna just sit here anymore! We want some Goddamned answers!
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,Why isn't anybody telling us anything?!
Dead Celebrities,Pilot,Well ladies and gentlemen this is your captain speaking.
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,Well it's about fucking time!
Dead Celebrities,Pilot,Certainly want to uhhh thank you for all your patience. We know that you're eager to uhhhh get going and we will certainly pass on any information uhhhhh as it becomes uhhhhhh more available.
Dead Celebrities,DJ AM,But yo! Yo Michael Jackson isn't even here anymore! He's gone! We should be able to move on now!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"Yes, but as we all know, Mr. Jackson had a LOT of baggage, and he checked some of that baggage in, so a crew has to go through all the baggage and get his off of purgatory before we can push back from the gate."
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,AWWWWWWWW!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Tiny Miss Pageant, later."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,Did I do good in the swimsuit category? I'm worried that little doodoohead brunette girl was prettier than me.
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"[approaching the judges' table] Excuse me, uh, if you could do us a favor and pleeease just vote for little Miss Jackson? It's really important."
Dead Celebrities,Kylie's Mom,It's more important for my little Kylie. Just look at this face.
Dead Celebrities,Kylie,"Mommy, that hurts my cheek implants. [another contestant is dancing onstage in a cheerleading outfit. She finishes her routine on her knees. The male judge on the right is taking pictures while the one on the left is masturbating even harder. The lone female judge is just evaluating as usual]"
Dead Celebrities,MC,"All right, thank you Miss Cassie. And now for her talent portion, Miss Michael Jackson is gonna sing for us. [Ike steps onto the stage again and sings]"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,I'm just a little girl. Hee hee. A dainty little thing.And I know you all want to be a little white girl like me. Shamohn! Hee hee hee. [begins to moonwalk] Hohhh[the male judges are masturbating furiously]
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Dude, the two male judges love her."
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,(Yeah.) [the doors fly open and a bunch of police officers stream in...]
Dead Celebrities,An Officer,"All right, that's about enough! [...and haul away the male judges. The female judge looks on somewhat bewildered]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Aww crap!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Hey, what the F?!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Tiny Miss Pageant, later."
Dead Celebrities,MC,"All right everyone, the judge will now tally her final scores."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,We're totally screwed! [Brandy and her mom walk by. Brandy's actually a redhead] They took the two best judges away!
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Yeah, there's no way that lady judge is voting for us. She was glaring the entire time."
Dead Celebrities,Heidi's Mom,"You'll win for sure, Heidi. You know how much that judge adores you."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Aw dude, this is hopeless!"
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,(Son of a fucking bitch!)
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Wait wait! Wait, look at the lady judge. [a shot of the judge] She's eating Chipotle."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,[not making the connection] So what?!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"So maybe she doesn't know. [grabs Kyle by his coat collar] Maybe she doesn't know, Kyle! Excuse me, Ma'am, I see you're eating Chipotle."
Dead Celebrities,Lady Judge,"Oh yes, it's my favorite fast food. I would eat it every day, except I-... [looks down in embarrassment]"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Except! You can't afford buying all the new underwear?
Dead Celebrities,Lady Judge,"How did you know-... Look, it doesn't matter. [turns her back to him] I'm just gonna have to give it up."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,What if you didn't have to give it up?
Dead Celebrities,Lady Judge,Excuse me?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,I think... you and I might be able to help each other here today.
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Tiny Miss Pageant, even later."
Dead Celebrities,MC,"And now, it is time to announce our Grand Little Miss. Little Miss Michael Jackson. [Ike looks around gratefully as the audience applauds. The judge and the MC approach him. The judge gives him the crown and the MC gives him the trophy. The boys congratulate him]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Yeah!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Yeah!
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Woohoo!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Alright! [one of the contestants stomps her foot and cries, then walks off stage]"
Dead Celebrities,Heidi,"[passing by the audience chairs] I'm sorry I didn't win, Mommy. [her mom stops for a moment and slaps her across the face]"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Thank you so much for this award. Of all the awards I've ever won, this one means the most. I feel like... I'm finally at rest. I'm finally at rest! I'm free! [Ike passes out standing up with his mouth open wide and Michael's ghost rises out of him, with a ghostly trophy. The judge and MC notice something and look up. Ike wakes up, shakes his head, and looks at himself. Then, in his regular voice] Holy shit! What the fuck am I wwwearing?"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Ike! [runs up to him. The other boys follow] Ike, you're back!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Kyle, what the fuck is going on?"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"It's okay, Ike, you're going to be... okay."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Yes. Thanks to us and Chipotlaway, the spirits of the celebrities can now rest."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Back in purgatory, a woman yawns."
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"Wee, I'm free! I'm free! [floats down into his seat]"
Dead Celebrities,Farrah Fawcett,Hey he's here! He's here!
Dead Celebrities,Bea Arthur,"Oh, finally."
Dead Celebrities,Others,He's here! He's back!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"All right everyone, it looks like we are all ready to move on. [everyone claps]"
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,Did you all see my crown? [the plane finally rises up and away]
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,Finally! Finally we can all move on!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Hell. The purgatory plane alights here.
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"All right, everyone, I'd like to be the first to welcome you to the gates of Hell. Unfortunately, Hell is a tow-in gate."
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,AWWWWWWWW!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, recess."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Alright cool, guys, gather all around. Everyone should be a witness to this. [Cartman and Craig are at a tetherball pole, and Cartman is holding the ball. Around them are a bunch of boys, most of them from the fourth grade] Alright, you ready? Now say ""I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me."" Come on, dude, ""I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me."" [the camera pulls back a bit, and Butters is seen at the top of the tetherball pole, hanging from his briefs.]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me. [Cartman hits the ball and it wraps around the pole, finally hitting Butters on his right temple] Ow."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Alright, your turn Craig."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Fellas, my underwear is so far up my buttcrack my legs are numb! [Craig grabs the ball]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,Well that's what you get for being a douchebag again Butters! You gotta take your medicine.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Uyeah, I guess I deserve it."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Hey heeey, what the hell are you guys picking on Butters for this time?!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Aw dude, you guys are not gonna believe this. You know what we just found out? Well it turns out that Butters, our Butters, has never kissed a girl. [Craig hits the ball and it wraps around the pole until it hits Butters on the face]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Uugh!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,So what?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,So what?! [the ball returns and Craig catches it] So I'm almost nine years old and anyone who hasn't kissed a girl by fourth grade is a dork!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Craig,That's right. [steps back and hits the ball again. The ball wraps around the pole and hits Butters on the face again. Cartman laughs]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,"You guys, we got it! [walks up with Token] We got it. Sally Darson is selling kisses for five dollars."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Sellin' kisses?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,She hangs out behind the temp building during afternoon recess. She'll kiss any boy that pays her.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,You mean I'm... gonna kiss a girl... today?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The boys' bathroom, moments later. Butters is now putting on a tie."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,[giving advice] So then when she sticks her tongue out you just kind of lick it with your tongue.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh boy, I sure am nervous."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Nothin' to be nervous about, Butters. You're finally going to become a man today."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, I think you should reconsider this."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Uh, how come?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Dude, you don't want your first kiss to be something you paid for. It's supposed to be special."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Oh God, why don't you sit under a rainbow and write a poem, Kyle?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,I gotta do this! I gotta know what it feels like!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Back in the playground, moments later. Butters is walking to the temp building with a crowd of boys following him at a short distance."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh boy... Oh jeez, oh, stay calm Butters... Eh, how was it?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Francis,Pretty worth it. [walks away with a dreamy look in his eyes]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Jimmy,"Go ahead, Bu-Butters. Go- go get some."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I'm going! [walks towards the back of the temp building] Ohh... [finds Sally and talks to her nervously] Oh, hi."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,Hey. [punches something into her cell phone and puts it away in her back pocket]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"So ummm yeah, ah, I was hopin' maybe I could get a kiss."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Okay, cool."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Yeah, cool, uhhhm... umuh... okay. [puckers up and steps closer to Sally]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,So you got money?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh, money... Rrright. [reaches into his pocket and pulls out a five dollar bill, then hands it to her] There you go. A five dollar bill, all for you. [smiles, but that turns into surprise when she whips out her wad of bills and adds the five dollar bill to it. She puts the wad back away]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"All right, you ready? [she turns to face him and puckers up. He looks at her and leans in, closing his eyes. She does not close hers. They kiss on the lips. They then separate and Butters isn't sure what to make of it]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Thank you! [turns right and walks back to the playground. As he approaches the boys, he raises his arms up and smiles]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,Atta boy Butters!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Tweek,You did it!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Jimmy,You're a man now! All right Butters good job!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Token,"Good job, Butters!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' room, night. He lies there awake, his hands behind his neck, pretty happy about the school day."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[thinking to himself] Boy oh boy. I finally did it. I'm a man now. [frowns, thinking of what being a man entails] Jeez, I'm gonna start havin' lots of responsibilities soon. I gotta start thinkin' about a career. There's gonna be family and bills to start worrying about. M-no more play time for you, Butters! You gotta buckle down and find, and find yourself a way to make money. [aloud, smiling] Hey, I know."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Lunchtime at the school cafeteria. The kids are eating lunches, and Butters comes into view, stopping at a table of boys."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Hey fellers! Fellers, do you like gettin' kisses? 'Cause I know a girl that'll give you a great kiss for just five dollars!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scott,[with a lisp] She'll kiss anybody?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Sure, Scott! Even if you got diabetes!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Behind the temp building, moments later. Butters waits as Scott gives Sally his five dollars and kisses her."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scott,Wow. [turns and walks away] It's almost like having someone care about you. [walks back towards the playground]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Jeez Butters, thanks for bringing me yet another customer. Here's your two dollar cut again."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[taking his cut] Boy oh boy, this sure is great! I've been thinkin', Sally: I could probably drum up some third grade customers if you could do kisses before school too. We could make double the money."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Oh, that'd be great, but I can't do kisses before school. I have swimming class."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Aww nuts! [walks off a bit] Well, I did have another idea. What if we got another girl to fill in for you sometimes?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Well, you know, we bring someone on, show her what to do, and then share all our money together."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"[walks up to him] Wow, you're right Butters. I should start expanding."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,We could have our very own... [puts out his hands and frames an imaginary plaque] kissin' company.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' bedroom, day. He's got three easels up with info and four girls seated before him. He's using a pointer to highlight the info on the easels. He's laying out his business plan to the girls, who all have notebooks and pencils."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"The next key to a successful business is ""innovation."" I think maybe we need to understand that some boys simply can't afford the five dollars for a kiss, so what if we start also charging just two dollars for a hug?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Wow, that's a great idea, Butters."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Why thanks. Sally, I think your position behind the temp building at recess is perfect. Megan, I'm thinkin' about moving you to the baseball field after school during little league practice."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Megan,"[a third grader, taking notes] Got it."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I got a kissing booth set up at the kids' fair on Saturday so Kayla and Ashley, you take turns there. Any girl that sells more than twenty kisses gets [puts up a smiling sun sticker on Sally's row on the work schedule] a little sunshine, but if you don't show up for work at all, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,This is gonna be great!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Seems Detective Yates is now police captain there. Detective Murphy enters the work room with a report."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Sir! Sir, take a look at this. We've got rumors coming in of a possible ""prostitution company"" starting up in South Park."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"What?! [grabs the report and leafs through it] Hohoo, not in my county!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"We've got no information on the prostitutes, don't know who they are or where they came from."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,[walks off a bit] So then we need to go after the johns. We need to let the men of this town know that if they paid for sex they're going to jail!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Sting operation, sir?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[turns to face his men] We need an undercover cop disguised as a prostitute, so we can arrest any citizens looking for cheap thrills!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A seedy side of town, night. Chief Yates is dressed as a hooker and is waiting curbside for a john. A car slowly rolls up, then stops. Yates approaches the car."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Hey baby, you looking for a party?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,Ha... how much are you charging?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Twenty for oral, fifty for half and half, anal will cost you extra."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,Aww- get in. [Yates gets in and the car takes off]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"An alley, night. The car rolls into it."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Right here's good, sexy. [the driver stops the car] Now if you wouldn't mind handing over the twenty dollars for oral sex."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,"Ok-okay. [grabs his wallet, pulls out a twenty, and hands it to Yates]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"All right, buddy!... Go ahead and unbutton your pants. [the driver unzips his pants] All right! Here we go. [leans down unto the driver's genitals and starting giving him head]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,"Aw... Aw yeah. Oh man oh... Ohh! Aw-aw-AWWW-aw. AW-aw. Oh, s-sorry I was so quick."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Oh that's all right. [leans down to get something] Nothing wrong with a-FREEZE! [whips out his gun and badge, aiming the gun at the driver] You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,Awhuh! What?!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"This is a sting operation, scumbag, and you're going to jail for soliciting prostitution. [grabs his walkie-talkie and talks into it] Got our first one, boys. I'm bringing him in for booking."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the hallway. Kids are moving from place to place. Kenny, Cartman and Stan walk by and Kyle stops them."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,Did you guys hear what's going on? There's like four girls at the school now offering to kiss boys for money.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Yeah, I heard that now even Stacey Anderson is selling kisses."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kenny,"(Stacey Anderson?) [mumbles something more, pulls out his five dollar bill and walks away. Butters walks up to them from the other direction]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Hey fellas. Would anyone like a coupon? We're offerin' two for one kisses today through Thursday.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Butters, you're the one doing all this?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Yep! I am founder and head CEO of the Butters Kissing Company. Just look at this. [pulls out his stack of bills and shows it off]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Damn dude, you made all that money offa chicks?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I'm tellin' ya guys, this is the most genius idea I've ever come up with. A lot of boys would pay to kiss my employees."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"You didn't think of anything, Butters! Guys have been doing what you're doing for years! You're nothin' but a common pimp! [slams his locker door shut and walks off with the other three boys]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,...A pimp. Huh...
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"At the newly-christened Butters Kissing Co, Ltd. in his bedroom. Butters and Sally are at his desk. Butters is researching what it is to be a pimp."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Bohy, Kyle was right, Sally. There's guys with kissing companies all over the country. ""The person managing all the women is known as the 'pimp,' while the working women are referred to as 'ho' or 'bitch.'"" Oh, you're a bitch, Sally. [smiles]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,Oh. [smiles]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Hey, look at this! There's about to be a big pimp convention, it looks like. I gotta get to that convention, Sally. I could learn all kinds of stuff for our company."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The Players Ball, night. Pimps and bitches of all shapes and sizes arrive and enter. Inside, they mingle, drink, dance, and Butters walks into view in a shirt and tie, and a name badge. He's sipping something. He spots a grown pimp and two of his bitches."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[addressing the pimp] Hi there. My name is Butters. This sure is a nice convention, huh? Yeah, I'm just starting out. I really came last minute 'cause I was hoping to learn more about being a successful pimp."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,You? You be pimpin'?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Yeah, just about a week now. I have four girls at the moment, but I feel like I could be doing a better job."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The Players Ball, A table of pimp trophies to be handed out is shown, then the camera moves up."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"Now see, you think you're a pimp, but you can't be pimpin', know what I'm sayin'? You wanna be a pimp, then you gotta learn the game. See it's all about knowin' the game."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,What's the game?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"The game is how you treat the bitches, know what I'm sayin'? Bitch gotta know when she out there, she makin' yo' muthafuckin' money, know what I'm sayin'? You got yo' main bitch, know what I'm sayin'? That be your ""bottom bitch."" That bitch rank higha than all the other bitches but she still a bitch, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,[taking notes] Yes I- I know what you are saying. You don't have to keep asking.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Pimp 2,"See it's all about mind control. You gotta act a punk. Any man can control a bitch's heart, but a pimp gotta control a bitch's mind, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,I know what you're saying.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Pimp 2,"Pimp gotta be out there every motherfuckin' day keepin' his bitches in line. Can't let 'em go shoppin', spendin' their money on stupid shit. Bitches gotta think that's your motherfuckin money, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,[getting pleased] Yeah! I believe I know what you are saying!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' home, day. Butters walks in the front door."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stephen,"There you are, Butters!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Hey Dad!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stephen,"Butters, we heard a rumor that you might have a little girlfriend? [Linda doesn't look pleased] Sally Darson?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Aw hell Dad, I got lots of girlfriends. Sally's just my bottom bitch. [walks past his parents and up the stairs, but stops for a moment and looks at them.] Do you know what I am saying? [they're left speechless as he continues up the stairs]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A dark alley in South Park, night. Chief Yates is dressed again as a bitch and is in the back seat of someone else's car."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"I've got to tell you I... I don't do this kind of thing very often. You're sure you're not a cop, right?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"No way! Let's just get to this, baby."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Alright.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"An unmarked police van is nearby, with some officers listening in..."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"So, you are agreeing to have sex with me for one hundred dollars, correct?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Sure, I have the money right here."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"[to the other officer] Remember, he's going to give us the code word to move in. Wait for the code word, ""stretch."""
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A police cruiser, nearby. Two other cops are listening in as well..."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Officer,"Code word is ""stretch,"" copy?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A rear shot of the john's car, which has tinted windows."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Oh yeah, yeah, get those pants down."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Oh, you feel good."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Oh, you're a nasty little fuck, aren't you? Yeah, let me see that hot penis of yours. Oh yeah, nice. Yeah, I'm ready when you are."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Oh yes. That's great. [the car begins to move up and down]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, you like it?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Oh, I love it!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, you're a dirty fuck!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,The police van. The officers are shocked.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, come on! Harder! Deeper!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Oh yeah! [the van's driver looks back to see if Murphy and the other officer are as shocked as he is] Oh yeah!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, teach me a lesson, daddy!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The police cruiser, the two other cops are shocked too..."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,Teach this little whore a lesson!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Yeah! Yeah!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, that's right!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Awww, awwwww, awwwwoh! [the john's car stops moving] Awh. [the john sounds out of breath] Oh, oh man! [a shot of the john and Yates putting their clothes back on] Thank you! That was great."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, you really worked it, Daddy. You really gave my little hole quite a... [leans into him] STRETCH."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,The police van. Murphy acts on the code word.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Uhhh, that, that's it. Move in! [the police van and car arrive quickly and the officers jump out]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Oh God! It's the police!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[quickly whips out his badge and gun] Freeze! [takes the john out of the car and throws him against the hood] You are under arrest for soliciting prostitution! Book him, boys! [the other officers come in and cuff the john]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Please! Please don't do this! I have a wife and kids!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"A wife and kids. And you're out here trollin' the streets for prostitutes. You make me sick! Take him downtown, boys. I'm goin' back on the street."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The school playground, day. The supervisor comes into view."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Supervisor,[blows her whistle] That's it recess is over back to class.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kids,[disappointed] Aaaaaaah.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Boy oh boy, really great work, bitches. You all sold lots of kisses today. Except for you, Megan, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud sticker today."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Annie,"So wait, you're keeping all the money now?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I just hold on to all the money, 'cause bitches can't be trusted with it. We pool all the kissing money together, see? But if you wanna buy anything, you just talk to the bottom bitch [places his left hand on Sally's right shoulder], and then the bottom bitch talks to me. Alright, see you after school! [walks away] Do you know what I am saying?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Fourth Grade classroom, day. Mr. Garrison is writing math problems involving fractions on the blackboard."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Mr. Garrison,"Alright children, I want you to copy down these math problems and solve them before recess."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[sees an opportunity...] Yo, Bebe. Bebe yo."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bebe,[bothered] What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Bitch you wanna make some motherfuckin' money?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bebe,[really bothered] What?!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Bitch you should be doin' kisses on the playground. You can make fifty bucks a day! Buy all the purses and shoes that you've ever wanted. I'll treat you right, bitch."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bebe,Shut up!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh, alright then. [copies some problems down, then looks at Wendy. Softly...] Hey Wendy. Wendy! [loudly] Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Wendy,Leave me alone.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Why you were made for the playground, bitch. You should be out there workin'. Don't you want a new lunch box? Nice new coat? I can get all that for you, bitch."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,Butters. Dude!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,You can't call my girlfriend a bitch!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Oh. Well all I'm sayin' the bitch should be out there workin' is all. [turns to Wendy] Whatcha doin' bitch? Just givin' kisses to Stan for free? Why you should be makin' some motherfuckin' money!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Wendy,Stan!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Butters, seriously, if you don't stop this I'll kick your ass!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[whips out a bill] Clyde, here's a hundred bucks. If Stan comes near me, punch him."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,Wow wee. [grabs the hundred]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Dude, we've created a monster."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Come on Wendy, you should be puttin' that mouth to work."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Mr. Garrison,"Butters! Butters, do you have a problem?!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"All these bitches are kissin' fellers, and they haven't figured out that they can be making some serious fuckin' money!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,A shot at the temp buildings from the back of the main building. Butters escorts a new bitch to the area behind one of the buildings.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Really glad you joined the company, Annie! Now remember: you're chargin' five dollars for a kiss, two for a hug, and six for half and half. Alright bitch? Alright, how about a freebie? [she gives him a freebie] Ohwoah, [twirls around] whoopie! [walks away, leaving Annie at her new post. As he re-enters the playground, Kyle meets him]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, I really think we should talk."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Sure, Kyle."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, can't you see this is wrong? You've got little boys all over school spending all their lunch money on kisses. Boys shouldn't be paying for kisses. It's wrong."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Kyle, every boy pays for kisses. Do you know what I am saying? If you've got a girl, and she kisses you, sooner or later you're paying for it. You've gotta take her out to lunch, take her to a movie, and then spend time listenin' to all her stupid problems. Look, look at Stan right there. [Kyle turns to see Stan, who's listening to Wendy over at the merry-go-round] He's gotta sit there and listen to her stupid motherfuckin' problems 'cause she kisses him. If you ask me, that's a lot more than the five dollars my company charges."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, what's happened to you?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"What happened is that I became a man! I'm sorry I'm not your little buddy anymore, but there's a time people have to grow up! [storms off, but turns once more to ask] Do you know what I am saying?! [turns and continues walking towards the main building]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"ATΩ frat house, night. There's a party going on in there."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boy 1,"[from the third floor balcony] Alpha Tau Omega, woo!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boy 2,[walks by on the street and looks up] ATOs!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boy 3,"Alright, ATOs, our little Kevin is twenty one today! [the other frat boys cheer] And so, Kevin, we would like to welcome you to manhood. Our gift to you. [a huge three-tiered cake is wheeled in and the music changes as Chief Yates jumps out of the cake. He begins to dance around]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boys,Eewwww!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Singer,"Suckin' on my titties like you wanted me, Calling me all the time like Blondie. Check out my Chrissie behind, It's fine all of the time. Like sex on the beaches, What else is in the teaches of peaches? Huh, what?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"ATΩ frat house, later that night. Only three windows on the second floor are lit now, and an orgy is heard."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Give it to me! Come on, you sissies, I can fit more of ya! [more moaning from the frats] Yeah, you like your little stripper whore?! You like her?! FREEZE! [silence. Only the crickets are heard. Some minutes later the police swarm the frat house] Take them all to the station, for oral and anal sex with a prostitute! Half of them didn't even use a condom! [faces the frats] Don't you stupid kids know the diseases you can catch?! Hand me that evidence bag. [an officer hands him the bag, which he opens and places under his ass. He proceeds to crap into it, but when the bag is sealed, it's all white - it's all semen.]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Sir, sssome of us are wwwondering if maybe y-you're not... taking this role a bit far?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"What?! No way! Nothing is more important than keeping prostitution out of our community! [his cell phone rings] Oh, hold on, that's my daddy. [answers the phone] Hey Daddy."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"[at the other end of the line] Where you at, bitch? I need my bottom bitch right now."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Ye-yes, Daddy, I'm on my way."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"I made you my bottom bitch, now you gotta take care of yo' pimp, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Be right there. Sorry guys, my daddy needs me right now. [limps away painfully]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The streets in another Colorado city, night. Two prostitutes are working a corner with cigarettes in hand. The white one has a black left eye."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Black bitch,Damn bitch! Yo' pimp beat yo' ass again?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,White bitch,He's an asshole.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Black bitch,"You know, I heard a rumor about some new pimp up in Park County. They say he's real respectful; lots of girls switching over to him."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,White bitch,A pimp that respects his hos? Sign my ass up. [takes a drag from her cigarette]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters Kissing Co, Ltd. Butters' stable of bitches has expanded to include some adult prostitutes."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,And that's... three thousand dollars today for Charise. [looks up at her over his left shoulder]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Did I do good, Daddy?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"REALLY great work, bitch! That is another... [looks for the right cell to place the sticker on and finds it] sunshine sticker for you."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Thank you, Daddy. [kisses him on his head]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,[gets excited] Mmmwhoa boy!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"ACORN, the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, day. Butters is filing some paperwork with the receptionist there. His bitches stand near the entrance waiting for him to finish."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"And so, I would like to see if there are any housing loan opportunities for some of my employees, and also what kind of corporate tax I should be filing under."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,And exactly what kind of business are you running?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,It's a kissing company.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,And you're making a profit?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh sure! My black employee Charise over there, one time she made two thousand dollars, on one customer! Can you believe it? Two thousand dollars just to kiss a feller. She currently stays in a motel room, 'cause a lot of her customers see her late. [puts his hand over the right side of his mouth and whispers so Charise doesn't hear] You wouldn't believe the time of night some fellers wanna kiss."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,"[getting suspicious] Do you keep any record of the men getting these ""kisses""?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"'Course. My bottom bitch keeps a database of all our customers, specially the VIPs, like Senator Morris."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,Senator Morris?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Sure! Senator Morris gets kisses every day at lunchtime. You know where he likes to get kissed?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,Where?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,In a motel room. Darnedest thing. He must get sleepy.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,"Alright, get out of here! [throws Butters' papers back at him]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Huh? Why?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,I'm not falling for it!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,But I heard ACORN helps pimps and their bitches!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,[rises in anger] We aren't giving you anything; get out! [her boss walks up next to her]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Boss,"Mrs. Davis, is there some kind of problem?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,Eh no sir.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Heey! Mr. Daniels! You get kisses from my bitch Roxy in the alley behind Sizzler. [Mr. Daniels' jaw drops, and Mrs. Davis looks at him]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters Kissing Co, Ltd., later. A couple more females have joined the company."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Boy, how do you like that, bitches? Approval for two housing loans and tax-exempt status. File these away, Sally."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,Okay.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Ubup. Daddy, how come this ho get to be bottom bitch?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"I make the most money for you Daddy, that means if anyone should be bottom bitch, it's me."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"[she and Charise face off] Hey, screw off, ho."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Fair is fair, ho."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[rushes in to keep the hos from fighting] Whoa whoa, bitches, bitches!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[voice only] Excuse me! [comes through the door] Well well well, this must be the organization I've been hearing so much about. Took me a long time to find you. You won't believe the hardships I've been through trying to track you down. My name is Yolanda. I'd like to know all about your operation here. You see I just left my pimp recently and I'm looking for a new one?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh. Well we operate on a sixty-forty split here. Bitches have access to Medicare and now, low-income housing loans."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Well, I think that's about all I need to hear."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,[voice heard outside the window] Yolanda! [his car honks repeatedly] Yolanda!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,What's that?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' front door, moments later. Everyone has gone downstairs to see who's calling Yolanda. Bishop is on one knee with a bouquet of flowers in his hands."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,[pleading] Yolanda please! You gotta come back to me! I got nothin' without you!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"You've got a lot of nerve coming here, Keshawn! After the way you treated me? I need a pimp that doesn't beat me every time he gets drunk!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"[on his feet] Yolanda, I looove you. I need you. Not as my bottom bitch. I want... [back on one knee] I want to marry you. [opens a small box in which rests an engagement ring. Yates looks moved by this display of affection]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"It's too late for that, Keshawn! I just told this pimp I was his bitch now."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Well wait, hold on now. Why I'd never get in the way of somebody being happy. Well us pimps gotta be good. Even to each other."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"[crying gratefully] Thanks, pimp. You done changed the game, that's what you did. [offers the ring once more] Marry me Yolanda? We'll move to a little château in Switzerland and get away from all this."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,Oh Keshawn! [runs to him and they hug and kiss for a long time]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Wha? Awww.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,I love you so much.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Babe, I love you too."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"So much, baby."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Let's, uh, let's just be happy okay?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"Promise, babe. Promise."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[moved to tears] Oh, oh. [feeling remorse] Oh jeez. [closes the front door softly]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,Butters' living room.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Gals. Gals, could you all come gather round? Gather round, gals; take a knee. [the girls come and genuflect] Gals, I... well I'm afraid I can't do this anymore. I'm gonna be leavin' the company. Well I enjoyed being your pimp and all, it's just that... when I see real love, like what those two people have, well, well it just makes me feel like a... well, like a dick. Well I may be a man now, but it doesn't mean I have the right to be earnin' money for what girls do, whether you're chargin' fellers for kisses by cash or by makin' them listen to your stupid motherfuckin' problems. Well that's your hard work. Bitches, this is your company now, so get out there, and make yourselves some motherfuckin' money!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,The Swiss château. The camera zooms in from a great distance. Bishop and Yates are enjoying their new home.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,Happy anniversary baby. [slips a diamond necklace on Yates' neck] Do you like 'em?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"I love 'em, darling."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,I wanted to get you something extra-special.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[reaches down to get something] Well hold on. I've got something for you too, my love. I just put it right over here by the... [whips out his gun and badge] FREEZE!! Ha! You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"A professional wrestling ring. John Cena and Edge are in the ring with two lady wrestlers. One of them wears a pink bra, the other a black one."
W.T.F.,John Cena,"Say that again, Edge! You think you're better than me?!"
W.T.F.,Edge,"Cena, your mouth has gotten you in trouble for the last time! I'm gonna shut it up for you!"
W.T.F.,Spectators,Oooooooooooooooooooooo!
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Mess him up, Edge!"
W.T.F.,Obese woman,Kick his ass! WOO!
W.T.F.,John Cena,"Oh yeah?! I've got somethin' else to tell you, Edge! I slept with Vanessa last night. [everyone boos. Vanessa, the one with the pink bra, is embarrassed and tries to hide her face]"
W.T.F.,Redneck 1,"[his vest has a tag that says ""Eddie"" on it] Cena slept with Edge's girlfriend?"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Oh my God, dude, this is sooo awesome!"
W.T.F.,Stan,I'm having the best time!
W.T.F.,Edge,"[a huge image of himself is on a massive TV screen behind him] You cheated, and took my belt from me, and now I can't hardly get work wrestling! You took muh girl AND you took my job! [all gasp]"
