Go God Go,Dougie,"Well yeah. If you freeze your body, it means you die. When you wake up three weeks later you can be unfrozen, but you're still dead."
Go God Go,Butters,Oh hamburgers!! [runs away]
Go God Go,Scene Description,the Rockies. Butters and Dougie reach the spot where Cartman is frozen. Butters calls out to Cartman
Go God Go,Butters,Eric! Eric!
Go God Go,Dougie,You just left him here?! Without a jacket or anything?!
Go God Go,Butters,He told me to!
Go God Go,Dougie,He's dead for sure.
Go God Go,Butters,Wait! [looks around.] It's all different. Nothing's in the same place!
Go God Go,Dougie,Oh my God...
Go God Go,Butters,"[begins to dig frantically through the snow] Uh, eh, Eric! Eric!"
Go God Go,Dougie,[trying to stop him] Butters ButterButterBUTTERS! [Butters stops and looks at him] We have to get out of here!
Go God Go,Butters,What??
Go God Go,Dougie,"Nobody is ever going to find his body. You've got to never say anything about this, do you understand?! He's dead, and if they know you had a hand in it, you'll go to jail! [runs off]"
Go God Go,Butters,But I just did what he told me!
Go God Go,Dougie,"Come on, we have to leave!!"
Go God Go,Butters,"Oh, jumping Jesus! [follows Dougie. They head back to town]"
Go God Go,Scene Description,Back to the future. Cartman sits at a desk
Go God Go,Cartman,This is terrible. Five hundred years in the future. [puts his head in his hands and starts to weep. A door slides open and three of the aliens enter the room]
Go God Go,Shvek,"Eric, I have good news for you. We may have found you a Nintendo Wii."
Go God Go,Cartman,What?? [hops onto the desk] Really?? [jumps down and exults] YES!! YES!!
Go God Go,Medic,It's rumored that there's one at the Museum of Technology at New New Hampshire.
Go God Go,Cartman,"So I'm not too late! Come on, let's go!"
Go God Go,Shvek,"Well, there's just... th-there's something we need from you first."
Go God Go,Scene Description,A meeting room. The three future humans talk to Cartman there
Go God Go,Shvek,"You see, my young friend, you were unfrozen for a reason."
Go God Go,Medic,Lots of people froze themselves in cryogenic labs and we don't unfreeze them. But you... are special.
Go God Go,Cartman,I know I'm special. This isn't news to me.
Go God Go,Shvek,"You lived in a time when a great event happened. A glorious event that finally made all religion obsolete. Now, the entire world is atheist."
Go God Go,Cartman,[strokes his chin and thinks] And this gives me a Nintendo Wii how?
Go God Go,Medic,We believe that somebody you knew in your time was the person who first started our wonderful group: The Unified Atheist League.
Go God Go,Cartman,Who? [the medic is about to reply when something shakes the building they're in]
Go God Go,Shvek,"What in Science's name was that?! [outside, an enemy ship first at the building and leaves a hole in it. The ship docks at that hole and the invaders pour into a cargo room. The UAL members and Cartman enter the cargo room at the other end.]"
Go God Go,Medic,Oh no! It's the United Atheist Alliance!
Go God Go,Shvek,"Oh Science, help us! [a laser battle between the two groups begins]"
Go God Go,UAA member 1,"[yellow hair, green suit] Science damn you, Unified Atheist League!"
Go God Go,Cartman,Who are they??
Go God Go,Shvek,"The Alliance Atheists. We're at war with them. [the battle rages on, with laser shots going back and forth. The laser shots turn out to be syringes which inject the victim with poison. Once the load is fully inside the body, the head explodes. Men on both sides explode and die.]"
Go God Go,UAL Member 1,[a syringe gets him] No! [his head explodes]
Go God Go,Cartman,Jesus Christ!
Go God Go,Shvek,"Hahahaha, you believe in a supernatural being. [gets a syringe to the neck] Oh my Science. [his head explodes and the battle is over. The UAA closes in on Cartman, its guns drawn]"
Go God Go,Cartman,I'm just a little boy from the past who wants to play Nintendo Wii.
Go God Go,Scene Description,The UAA ship's bridge. Cartman enters with UAA members escorting him.
Go God Go,UAA member 1,Put me through to the Allied Atheist Allegiance!
Go God Go,UAA member 2,[black hair] Onscreen.
Go God Go,UAA member 1,"Look, Allied Atheist Allegiance! We have the time child!"
Go God Go,AAA leader,"Science damn you, United Atheist Alliance!"
Go God Go,UAA member 1,"Now you see, foolish sea otters, that we are the atheists in control!"
Go God Go,AAA leader,"It won't make a difference! This is the dawning of the sea otter! Know this, time child! I shall smash your skull like a clam on my tummy!"
Go God Go,Cartman,What??
Go God Go,AAA leader,Otters! The time has come! Sound the nafferty!
Go God Go,Sea otters,The nafferty! [a giant otter walks over to a very fanciful horn and blows into it.]
Go God Go,AAA leader,"[rises on a platform and turns around. A lens drops down from a contraption he has to his left ear and lands on his nose] So, it begins!"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"This episode begins with an expanded montage of last week's time-lapse imagery. First you see the town, the mall, and a house. Next, Cartman and the Wii at EV Games. Next, scenes from his night of insomnia, including him checking his calendar and the Wii's Web page, then watching TV. Then, Eric is shown begging his friends to help him freeze himself. Then, a collage of Eric hiding in the freezer, talking to Butters, and walking to the designated spot with him. Then, scenes of the avalanche and Eric getting frozen. Then the years begin to roll, and scenes of humanity's future appear. They are: the scene of the avalanche, a scene of devastation, the room where Cartman is taken to be thawed, his meeting with the high UAL command, the UAL building being attacked, a shot of Earth from space, the UAA storming in to fight the UAL, the battle between the two factions, the UAA closing in on Cartman, the voyage away from the UAL building, across a desert; the onscreen communication with the AAA, a shot of Earth's future, a sea otter blowing into the nafferty, and the final shot of two ships leading the camera to the city the UAL is based at"
Go God Go XII,Narrator,"The year is 2006, and young Eric Cartman cannot wait for the new Nintendo Wii to come out. Unable to cope with the wait any longer, Eric decides to freeze himself for three weeks. But a freak avalanche makes Eric impossible to find, and so he remains frozen for 500 years."
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"The next scenes all involve Cartman playing a part in the future. The background is the UAL's city. First he's dressed in a blue military outfit. Next, he's running with a robot dog, then firing off a laser gun, then of him and the bog in a vehicle. The background changes to the UAA's ship. Cartman is walking with the UAA members. The AAA is shown firing at them. Cartman and the UAA now sport helmets and go forth. The background changes to the AAA's city. The AAA has captured Cartman. Cartman plays chess with a sea otter. Cartman enjoys flying around upside down in a room of UAL members doing the same thing. Cartman is then shown in a different blue suit, and finally, a fleet of shuttlecraft fly to a new city. At this new city, ostriches are seen walking around, with otters riding them. The city is either in ruins or shabbily built"
Go God Go XII,Otter Leader,"Whoa, steady! [motions to the otters] This way, otters! [other otters move forward on their ostriches]"
Go God Go XII,Otter 1,"This is it. New New Hampshire. We have risked much bringing you here, Time Child. [the camera pans left to show Cartman on an ostrich and wearing goggles.]"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Can it. You otters may have evolved to the point you can talk, but I don't need lectures."
Go God Go XII,Otter 1,Don't let the time child out of your sight. He could try to run.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"[goggles now above his eyes] We have a deal, Blavius. As long as I get what I want, you have nothin' to worry about. [the leader's ostrich makes a noise]"
Go God Go XII,Otter Leader,Something is spooking the ostriches.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Sure. This is Monarch land now. Probably Jarvis probes everywhere.
Go God Go XII,Otter Leader,Here it is! We have arrived.
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"[Sea Otter 1] Hold! [the ostriches stop at a large entrance] This is it, Time Child. [the building's name is shown: New New Hampshire Museum of Technology] The old museum of technology, abandoned long ago. Let's get what you want, Time Child, and get out of here."
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,The otters escort Cartman to the Museum of the Past. Cartman looks around and finally spots the Wii.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Over here! [runs over to it] Yeah it's here! It's here! The Nintendo Wii... I've waited so long for this. [shatters the glass case protecting it and removes it]
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"All right, Time Child, we've filled our side of the bargain. Now return with us to Otter Bay."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Sorry Blavius. I've got other plans. [switches hands in holding the Wii, presses a button on his left glove and disappears]"
Go God Go XII,Blavius,NOOOO!
Go God Go XII,Otter Leader,It was a trick!
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"SCIENCE DAMN YOU, TIME CHILD!"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"UAA transporter room. As various UAA members wait, Cartman appears on the transporter pad"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I got it! I got the Wii!
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,Time Child! You've returned!
Go God Go XII,UAA 1,We thought for sure you had died in the in the Phobart plant.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"[turns and leaves the transporter pad] Yeah. Lucky for me the otters believed I was on their side. [turns around as he reaches the door] Do me a favor: next time I'm in a recessed biocave, don't send me a level 2 homing call. [the door opens and Cartman walks into the hallway outside the room. The leader and his assistant look at each other]"
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"TC, wait!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[ruonds a corner] Oh I can't wait! This is gonna be so awesome! [almost walks into another UAA member] Get out of my way!
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,[catches up with Cartman] You gained the otters' trust?! Were you wearing an information crystal?!
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Here. [takes off the information crystal and hands it to him]
Go God Go XII,UAA 1,Science be praised. This could end the war!
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"You've done a great thing, TC. [Cartman turns right...] How can we repay you?"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[...and enters an elevator] Just send a maintenance guy to my room. I want this Nintendo hooked up to my float screen NOW! [the doors close]
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,Cartman's room. A maintenance guy is trying to figure out how to connect the Wii to the screen.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Come on! Come on! Dude, what is taking so long! I wanna play!"
Go God Go XII,Maintenance Guy,"Uhh, what kind of output does this have? This is some ancient Super-VHS output or somethin'. I can't connect it to your float screen."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,There's gotta be some way to hook it up! It's the freakin' future!
Go God Go XII,Maintenance Guy,"It may be the future for you, but I can't hook up anything to a float screen without at least a laser-7 output."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"You've gotta be shittin' me!! Science-dammit! I am so fucking sick of the future! [starts throwing a tantrum, throwing things around]"
Go God Go XII,UAA Woman,[entering the room] TC? What's wrong?
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"I'll tell you what's wrong! I've been waiting 500 years to play the Nintendo Wii! And if I don't get to play real soon, I'm gonna bust a nut!"
Go God Go XII,UAA Woman,"Well, we're all glad you're back. I know somebody who's missed you very much. Come on in, K-10. [steps aside to reveal K-10, who walks in]"
Go God Go XII,K-10,"Bark bark. Hello, Eric. I have missed you."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Suck my balls, K-10. I'm not in the mood."
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,A United Atheist Alliance meeting.
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"Fellow atheists: the time child has returned with information on our sworn enemies, the Allied Atheist Alliance. They have started digging for clams in sector J7. If we mount an all-out attack, we can wipe out their food supply!"
Go God Go XII,UAA 2,"But, those are civilian otters."
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,We cannot tolerate the otters! Their Science is flawed! Their answer to the Great Question is different from ours.
Go God Go XII,UAA 3,"Yes, but... sending out all our ships at the same time... it would leave our city exposed!"
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,...That's why we have to be super-duper sure that nobody finds out we're doing it.
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,Unified Atheist League headquarters. The UAL elders gather to discuss the situation
Go God Go XII,UAL 1,[hanging upside down from a jet-powered platform] The United Atheist Alliance is about to send out all its defense ships to take down the Allied Atheist Alliance's clam fields.
Go God Go XII,UAL 2,"Praise Science. This is your chance, young Shvek, to avenge your father's death."
Go God Go XII,UAL 3,"Careful, son. Just because their Science leads them to a different answer to the Great Question doesn't mean we have the right to kill them all."
Go God Go XII,Shvek,"No! Our answer to the Great Question is the only logical one. Our Science is great. [walks away from the table and stands before a wall] Let us not forget the great Richard Dawkins who finally freed the world of religion long ago. [a painting is shown, with Dawkins in it] Dawkins knew that logic and reason were the way of the future. [More of the painting is shown: Mrs. Garrison appears] But it wasn't until he met his beautiful wife that he learned using logic and reason isn't enough. You have to be a dick to everyone who doesn't think like you. [turns around] Prepare all the troops! We will level the United Atheist Alliance to the ground!"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Cartman's room at UAA headquarters. Cartman watches TV on his float screen, K-10 standing nearby. A commercial comes on"
Go God Go XII,Announcer,"With new Glade monvert cleaner, you can make your monvert sparkle like never before."
Go God Go XII,Woman,"My monvert's never looked so clean. [apparently, a monvert is a phallic device]"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"God I hate future TV. There's too many commercials! [switches channels. A picture appears briefly in which a reporter is about to mention an attack, but that vanishes. Three bored kids appear seated at a coffee table]"
Go God Go XII,Boy 1,Agh! I'm so bored.
Go God Go XII,Boy 2,There's nothing to do.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Tell me about it.
Go God Go XII,Boy 3,"Hey, I know! Let's crank call people in the past!"
Go God Go XII,Boy 1,Huh?
Go God Go XII,Boy 3,I just got... [brings out a big box] the Crank Prank Time Phone! [the other two boys marvel at it]
Go God Go XII,Singers,"Crank Prank, Crank Prank Time Phone."
Go God Go XII,Announcer,"New, from Blasbro, it's Crank Prank Time Phone!"
Go God Go XII,Boy Announcer,"I just dial a random number on the keypad, enter a date and year on the debilibrator, and..."
Go God Go XII,Boy 1,"Wow! Someone from the past is on the line! [talks into the phone] Hello? Is there a refrigerator running? Well then, you'd better go catch it! [the boys have a good laugh]"
Go God Go XII,Singers,"Crank Prank, Crank Prank Time Phone."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[now interested] What?
Go God Go XII,Boy 2,"Uh hi. It's the year 1973, right? Could I speak to Al Coholic, please? [the boys laugh again]"
Go God Go XII,Announcer,"Crank Prank Time Phone comes with debilibrator [looks like a space-age microphone], antimatter fusion cone, and 30 plain HF watt triggers. Warning: Crank Prank Time Phone is for entertainment purposes only. Making anything OTHER than crank calls to the past could affect the present and end your existence. Crank Prank Time Phone is not intended for the use by otters."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Why didn't anyone tell me there was a time phone?!
Go God Go XII,K-10,Why does it matter? Bark bark
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Don't you see?? If I get one of those phones, I can call myself in the past and tell me not to freeze myself. [walks forward a few steps] Then I can go back into my time... and play Nintendo Wii."
Go God Go XII,K-10,Bark bark. That call is for crank calling only. Using it in the way you describe is illegal.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I care! Where's the closest toy store??
Go God Go XII,K-10,"Working, bark bark. The Jarvanian shopping complex. But it is not open yet."
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Zeebod's Toys, some time later. K-10 stands by as Cartman paces the ground in front of the store, just as he did in the past waiting for the Wii"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Come on! Come on!
Go God Go XII,Voice,Store is now... open. [the storefront lights up like a Christmas tree and the doors open] Welcome
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Ugh, finally!"
Go God Go XII,Clerk,Welcome to Zeebod's Toys
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I want one of those time-phone things.
Go God Go XII,Clerk,"Ahh, the Crank Prank Time Phone. Sure. Now, I am required by the state to make sure you know this is for prank-calling the past ONLY, right?"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Yeah yeah, I'm only gonna prank-call people."
Go God Go XII,Clerk,"[pulls up a small float screen and calculates the cost on it] All right, that'll be 6000 credits. [a second float screen pops up with the price on it]"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Six thousand credits?! What do I look like to you? A Thurilian miner?!
Go God Go XII,Clerk,This is a pretty advanced piece of equipment. It's expensive.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Look, I have to have one of those phones!"
Go God Go XII,Clerk,"Oh, all right, then I have to have 6000 credits. [Eric sighs and looks down]"
Go God Go XII,K-10,"Bark bark, I'm sorry, Eric, bark bark."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,How about a robot? How much for the robot?
Go God Go XII,K-10,Awww.
Go God Go XII,Clerk,"[puts the phone away] Sorry, kid, you're just gonna have to crank-call people in the present."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"[turns around and walks away. K-10 follows] Science-dammit! [stops] Wait. K-10, can you access the store's sales records?"
Go God Go XII,K-10,"Working, bark bark. Access."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I want the name and address of anybody who's bought a time phone from this guy in the past week.
Go God Go XII,K-10,"Working, bark bark."
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Otter Bay. evening. A sign there says ""Allied Atheist Alliance."" Blavius addresses a large crowd of sea otters"
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"The United Atheist Alliance has taken the bait! Soon they will send their ships out to destroy our decoy clam fields! And while their ships are away, the United Atheist League intends to attack them! Our plan has worked perfectly! For when the United Atheist League attacks the United Atheist Alliance, we will charge in and kill them all! Our Science, our answer to the Great Question shall prevail!"
Go God Go XII,Otters,Hail Science! Hail Science! Hail Science!
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"And I will personally kill the Time Child, and eat his entrails on my tummy!"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"The turn of the 20th century, day. An early blue car rolls down the street and the driver honks his horn. The car passes by a Colonial-style house. Inside the house, a woman vacuums a rug with an early vacuum cleaner when the phone rings. She turns off the vacuum cleaner and starts moving towards the phone"
Go God Go XII,Man,"I'll get it, darling. [approaches the phone and picks up the receiver. His wife goes back to vacuuming] Hello? Hello?"
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,"Uh yes, hello? I'm calling for Mr. Wall?"
Go God Go XII,Man,"I'm sorry, there's no Mr. Wall here."
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,Oh. Is Mrs. Wall there?
Go God Go XII,Man,"Nno, there are no Walls here."
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,Then how does your roof stay up? [he and his friend begin to laugh]
Go God Go XII,Man,"Oh, I see! Is this the Johnson boys from down the street?!"
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,"No, we're from the future. [stifled laughter]"
Go God Go XII,Man,Very funny!
Go God Go XII,Boy 5,"Hi, uh, I'm a Pepper, and I'm wondering if you'd like to be a Pepper too?"
Go God Go XII,Man,God darn ya! [hangs up. The two boys laugh]
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,Yeah.
Go God Go XII,Boy 5,"That was a great one! [the doorbell rings and Boy 4 gets up to answer it. Cartman, dressed as a maintenance man, and K-10 appear at the entrance]"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Hello, I'm with the cubic waste department. I need to check your lowertram for inhibitors."
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,"Oh. Okay, I guess."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"[steps inside] Come on in, Bob. [K-10 enters the room] All right, just let me use my tools... [pulls out a gun and fires at Boy 4, who is instantly trapped in a bubble, floating in the air. K-10 does the same to Boy 5.]"
Go God Go XII,Boy 5,Hey!
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[walks up and takes the time phone from the coffee table] Haha! Stupid assholes! I got your time phone! [walks out the door with K-10]
Go God Go XII,Boy 4,Science H. Logic! What a jerk!
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,Otter Bay. evening. The otters are arming each other
Go God Go XII,The Wise One,"[walks in with a cane] Silence, otters!"
Go God Go XII,Otter 1,It's the Wise One
Go God Go XII,Otter 2,The Wise One speaks.
Go God Go XII,The Wise One,This is not the path we should be taking. Will more bloodshed end anything?
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"[floats up to him on a hovering throne] Wise One, our answer to the Great Question is the only one based on good science."
Go God Go XII,The Wise One,"Science, reason, is that really all there is?"
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"They are not a logical race, Wise One! They go around chopping down trees for tables, when they have perfectly good tummies to eat on. How logical is that?!"
Go God Go XII,Otter Leader,Yes! [walks up to a painting of Dawkins and Garrison] The great Dawkins said we cannot tolerate those who don't use reason! How reasonable is it to eat off wood instead of your tummy?
Go God Go XII,The Wise One,"Well perhaps the great Dawkins wasn't so wise. Oh, he was intelligent, but, some of the most intelligent otters I've ever known were completely lacking in common sense. Maybe, some otters do need to believe in something. Who knows? Maybe, just believing in God makes God exist."
Go God Go XII,Otter Soldier,Kill the Wise One!
Go God Go XII,Otter 3,Kill the Wise One! [the other otters crowd him in and start attacking]
Go God Go XII,The Wise One,"What?! Whoa, wait wait! [perishes amid the pummeling while Blavius watches on]"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's sprawled out on his bed in his pajamas, his eyes open. He can't sleep, tossing and turning every few seconds. He looks at his clock: 2:15."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Oh God! [throws himself back on the bed and squeezes his eyes shut. This time, the phone rings. He gets up to answer it. The caller is the Time Child] Hello? [he gets static until...]"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,[in a higher pitch] Hello? [Cartman is surprised to hear his own voice on the other end] Are you there?
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Who is this?
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"[to K-10] No, no, I have me. [to his past self] All right, all right, listen! Listen to me carefully! You need to be patient!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,What?? Who the hell is this?!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,It's me.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Me who?!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,Me you!
Go God Go XII,Cartman,What?!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"I'm you in the future! You have to be patient and wait for the Nintendo Wii to come out, or else you'll wake up in the future and have to deal with a bunch of see otters!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Oh very funny, Kyle!"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"It's not Kyle, it's you!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Yeah? Well you can go fuck yourself.
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"I'm trying to do you a favor, dumb-ass!! Just listen to me!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Listen to this! [puts the phone to his ass and farts into it, then slams the phone down on its base] Dickhead. [the phone rings again. Cartman picks it up and quickly slams it down again.]"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,[surprised at his own reaction in the past] What an asshole!
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Butters' house, later. The phone rings in the kitchen. Butters walks in to answer it."
Go God Go XII,Butters,Hello? [he gets static until...]
Go God Go XII,Time Child,Butters? Butters!
Go God Go XII,Butters,Eric? Is that you?
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Butters, Butters! Listen to me! Just just listen. I'm about to come over to your house and ask you to help me freeze myself. Do not... do t!"
Go God Go XII,Butters,"[looks around unsure what to make of this strange call] Eric, are you playing a joke on me again?"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"No! This is not a joke! Whatever I say to you, Butters, no matter how hard I try, do not... do... what I tell you!"
Go God Go XII,Butters,But... [notices Cartman entering through the front door] but you're here right now. [Cartman walks into view]
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Butters?! Come on, we gotta go!"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,[hearing his past self] No! Don't listen to me! Tell me to go screw myself!
Go God Go XII,Butters,Huh??
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Come on, Butters, it's gonna get dark!"
Go God Go XII,Butters,"But, you're telling me not to go with you."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,What?? [enters the kitchen to talk to his future self] Who the fuck is this?!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Aw dammit, just listen to me! If you freeze yourself, you're going to die!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Suck my balls!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"No, you suck my balls!! Just listen to me for one minute!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"...Okay, you have one minute."
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Right before you left for Butters' house, you drank a buncha Ovaltine and put Clyde Frog in the closet so nothing would happen to him, right?"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[shocked] Are you spying on me?!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"No, I am you, you stupid asshole!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Fuck you, asshole. You can go fuck yourself! [hangs up and pulls his hood back over his head] Come on, Butters, we're going!"
Go God Go XII,Butters,"Oh, all right then."
Go God Go XII,Time Child,[frustrated] God I hate that guy!!
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"UAA war meeting, a full room"
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"My friends, the time has come! May Science give us the courage to do what we must! Launch all defensive ships to sector J7! Take out the otters' clam fields! [a fleet of UAA ships takes off]"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,UAL headquarters. The UAL leader ponders the painting of Dawkins and Garrison before him
Go God Go XII,UAL Aide,Sir! The United Atheist Alliance has sent out all their ships. Their capital is now unprotected.
Go God Go XII,UAL Leader,[turns and issues the command] Then begin the attack! Science be praised.
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"A vast meadow, day.The ground begins to vibrate, then the first ostrich zips by. A couple more follow, then a bigger group of them, then the whole army of them, all with otters on them riding into battle"
Go God Go XII,Otter Leader,Kill the table-eaters! In the name of Almighty Science! [the otters ride on]
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day, kitchen. The phone rings and Kyle arrives to answer it"
Go God Go XII,Kyle,Hello? [he gets static until...]
Go God Go XII,Time Child,Hello? Kyle?
Go God Go XII,Kyle,Hello?
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Yes. Hello, Kyle. It's Eric. Uh, how's it going?"
Go God Go XII,Kyle,What do you want?!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Kyle, you are the smartest guy I know, so I think maybe you're the only person who can understand this. You know how earlier today I asked you to help me freeze myself?"
Go God Go XII,Kyle,"I'm not going to help you freeze yourself, Cartman! It's a stupid idea!"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"No, see, I know it's a stupid idea. Because, I actually did freeze myself.and... you were right, Kyle. It backfired and I was frozen for 500 years, and now I'm calling you from the future."
Go God Go XII,Kyle,[with half-closed eyes] ... Uh huh.
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"No, really, Kyle, I'm I'm seriously. Here, talk to my robot dog. [backs up to hand the phone to K-10.]"
Go God Go XII,K-10,"Bark bark. Hello, Kyle. Bark bark."
Go God Go XII,Kyle,... I'm hanging up now.
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"No, Kyle, listen! Please! I think right about now, I'm in my mom's freezer."
Go God Go XII,Kyle,"Suck my balls, fatass."
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"... I will. I will suck your balls, Kyle. Just stop me from freezing myself, and I will get down on my knees, and I will suck your balls. I'll suck 'em dry, Kyle. [a car honks its horn at Kyle's end and he looks over. It leaves]"
Go God Go XII,Kyle,"Aw Goddammit, now you've made me miss my ride! My whole day is screwed up because of you! [hangs up]"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Kyle? [as he asks, everything around him changes. His float screen goes from red to green, his suit goes from blue to saffron with light blue cape, the plant turns leafy, and the floor goes from orange to navy] Kyle!"
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,"[K-10's new look] Eric, I really think you should stop calling the past. You could change the present."
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"Well I don't notice anything different, KIT-9! Do you?"
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,"I guess not, meow meow."
Go God Go XII,Time Child,"[begins to notice the differences] Hm, I see... [the building is shaken hard by something striking it] Hey!"
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,Meow meow. [the UAL ships swarm in and fire at all the buildings in UAA territory]
Go God Go XII,Time Child,Heeeeey!
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,Meow meow.
Go God Go XII,UAA Woman,TC! We're under attack!
Go God Go XII,Time Child,By who?!
Go God Go XII,UAA Woman,We have to get to the War Room! It's the only safe place!
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,The War Room. Officials there mill around trying to keep things under control. KIT-9 and Cartman arrive. Cartman has the Crank Prank Time Phone
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,The United Atheist League is bombing the city! We're defenseless!
Go God Go XII,Cartman,This is terrible! I'm gonna die in the future without ever playing Nintendo Wii?!
Go God Go XII,Tactical Officer,Sir! The sea otters are advancing! They've broken through the east portal!
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,The outskirts of the UAA city. The otter army reaches the edge of the city
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"What?! Three-way phone channel onscreen! [the main screen lights up with two windows. On the left window appear the UAL leader and the UAL, on the right window appear Blavius and the otters]"
Go God Go XII,Shvek,[from UAL headquarters] What are you otters doing?! This is our attack!
Go God Go XII,Blavius,[from AAA headquarters] Yes. And we're attacking both of you!
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,You fools! This will be the end of us all!
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"Then accept our answer to the Great Question, and we will withdraw."
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,Your answer to the Great Question is illogical!
Go God Go XII,Cartman,What is the Great Question?
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,What atheists should call themselves.
Go God Go XII,Shvek,Unified Atheist League is the most logical name.
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,>Unified Atheist Alliance makes more sense.
Go God Go XII,Blavius,No! Allied Atheist Alliance! That way it has three A's! That is the logical choice!
Go God Go XII,Shvek,So be it. We cannot agree; prepare to die.
Go God Go XII,Tactical Officer,"Forward missiles launched, sir!"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I have to get out of here! Why is everyone in my past so stupid that they think I'm crank-calling them?!
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,"But Eric, meow meow, you knew the wife of the smartest man in all of history."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Who?
Go God Go XII,KIT-9,"Your teacher, the one called Garrison."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Garrison? But he's an asshole.
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's bedroom, night. Mr. Dawkins is giving it to Mrs. Garrison doggy style, hard. Both moan and make other sexual noises. The phone rings"
Go God Go XII,Mrs. Garrison,"Oh yeah! Yeah, I'm a monkey! Give this monkey what she wants!"
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,Oh Ms. Garrison!
Go God Go XII,Mrs. Garrison,"Dammit, who the hell is calling?!"
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,"I'll tell them... to call you back... Oh... yeah... [answers the phone] Garrison residence. Can you call... back later, please?"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,It's an emergency! It's an emergency!
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,[stops] An emergency?
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I need to speak to Mr. Garrison right now!
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,"I'm sorry, but Mr. Garrison has passed away. Mrs. Garrison is the only person here and she's rather tied up at the moment."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Look asshole, this is a real emergency! Just pass the phone to whatever Garrison wants to call himself since the sex-change operation!"
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,Sex-change operation??
Go God Go XII,Mrs. Garrison,Uh oh.
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,[pulls out and protects his genitals] Uuuuugh! You're a man?!
Go God Go XII,Mrs. Garrison,"Not anymore. I've been fixed. [Dawkins runs for his clothes] Richard, hold on. I can explain."
Go God Go XII,Mr. Dawkins,"Explain?? How can I be so stupid?? [runs out of the house with his pants on, carrying the rest of his clothes]"
Go God Go XII,Mrs. Garrison,"Richard, come back, please! [Dawkins does NOT return, and Garrison loses her faith in atheism in a flash] Well go ahead and leave, you atheist faggot! Have fun mocking God in hell! You queer!"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"The battle in the future. The War Room has been destroyed, but Cartman and KIT-9 are still there"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Mr. Garrison! Mr. Garrison! [Cartman's present changes again, and now he's wearing a gray suit with orange cape. Also, he's back at UAL headquarters, which is quiet and undamaged]"
Go God Go XII,Shvek,"[enters from a side door] All right, Eric. Are you all set to go?"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[turns around] Go... Right... Where am I going? [he was facing a panel of UAL and UAA members]
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,[joins Shvek from the left side] W-we told you: we're sending you home. With the Crank and Wank Time Machine.
Go God Go XII,Blavius,"[joins them both from the right side] Don't worry, my son. When you return to your time you will merge with your other self. It's all very Zen."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Wait... Isn't... everybody at war over atheism?
Go God Go XII,Shvek,Atheism? No. We've learned to get rid of all the isms in our time.
Go God Go XII,Medic,"Yes. Long ago we realized isms are great for those who are rational, but in the hands of irrational people, isms always lead to violence."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,So there is no war now in the future.
Go God Go XII,Blavius,Of course there's war. The stupid French-Chinese think they have a right to Hawaii.
Go God Go XII,All,Yeah!
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"But now the moment has come to send you back to your time. [some rings descend from above and a blue light appears, indicating that beaming is about to begin]"
Go God Go XII,Shvek,"We unfroze you for a purpose, and now that purpose is fulfilled."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,[wondering] And what was that purpose again?
Go God Go XII,Shvek,We explained that to you already.
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Right... [a bird flies in and sets down next to him.]
Go God Go XII,KOK-A-3,"Goodbye, Eric. I will mess you. Squawk squawk"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"I'll miss you too, KOK-A-3."
Go God Go XII,UAA Leader,"So long, Eric. And tell everyone in the past for us, that no one single answer... is ever the answer. [the rings go back up and take Eric with them.]"
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,EV Games. Cartman is pacing in front of the store again
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Hoowww- [his future self is beamed into his body and he checks himself] I'm back. Wow! I'm back!
Go God Go XII,Liane,"There you are, Eric."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"Mom! Mom, they did it!"
Go God Go XII,Liane,"Eric, you have to come home. You can't just wait here for that game to come out."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"[happy, for once] No, I know. You're right, Mom. I need to learn to be patient. I think I can wait three weeks for Nintendo Wii to come out."
Go God Go XII,Liane,"But, honey, it's only September. That... [points] Nintendo Wii doesn't come out for two months."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,What? NO! [runs up to the window and sees that his mom is right] NOO!! [turns around and moves away from the storefront] You sent me back too far!! HEY! Do it over!
Go God Go XII,Liane,"Who are you talking to, muffin?"
Go God Go XII,Cartman,I can't wait two months! [runs back to the doors] I can't! There has to be a way around this!
Go God Go XII,Clerk,"Hey, kid, somebody's on the phone for you."
Go God Go XII,Cartman,Hello?
Go God Go XII,Scene Description,"Cartman the Time Child is calling from a different future, in which everyone floats around on large purple-pink bubbles"
Go God Go XII,Time Child,Hello? Hello? I know what you're thinking! Do not do it! You just need to be patient and wait the two months! Do you hear me?!
Go God Go XII,Cartman,"...Oh, suck my balls, Kyle! [hangs up and leaves the store.]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"The South Park Gazette, est. 1997, day. A bicycle rests on the sidewalk outside the office. Inside, Stan talks to the editor."
Stanley's Cup,Editor,[The nameplate on his desk says Mr. Jarvis] Being a delivery boy for the South Park Gazette is a noble privilege.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"I'm sorry, Mr. Jarvis, it's just that... I have to get up at 4 a.m. to deliver your paper and then I go to school all day."
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Jarvis,"Oh waaa waaa waaa! We've all got problems, pussy! Get used to it! [picks up today's paper] You aren't delivering the papers on time!"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[insistent] My bike had a busted pedal, but I got it fixed, so there won't be a problem anymore. [behind him, outside the window, a tow truck pulls up]"
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Jarvis,[noticing] Is that your bike out there? [the driver leaves the cab and moves towards the back of the truck.]
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Yeah. Why?
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Jarvis,'Cause it's being towed.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[turns around] What?? [walks to the door and looks out its window, then leaves the office while the driver locks the bike in place]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,Outside the Gazette office.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Hey, hey! What are you doing?!"
Stanley's Cup,Driver,This your bike?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Yes!
Stanley's Cup,Driver,"It's on the impound list. You owe the county for tickets. [the list shows the tow truck belonging to Jerry's Towing. The driver activates the crane, which slowly lifts one end of the bike up]"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"No-dude, I need my bike to do my job!"
Stanley's Cup,Driver,Yeah? Well my job is to tow this bike. You want it back? You talk to the county. [gets back into the cab and closes the door]
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[climbs up the door towards the driver] No NOO. Do NOT tow my bike! [the truck moves forward and Stan hops off. He moves towards the bike.] Stop, asshole! RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! [catches up to the bike and grabs one of the pedals, but that just jerks him up and down a few times as the wheel on the ground moves the pedals. Stan hits the ground several times, getting bruised until he finally lets go of the pedal and rests on the street. He looks on helplessly as the truck keeps moving and his bike disappears in the distance]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Park County Government Center, day. A man sits in his office, and a knock is heard at his door."
Stanley's Cup,Judge,Yes? Come in.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Hi, my name is Stan Marsh. I was told to come down here and try to-"
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"Yes! Come on, Mr. Marsh. I've been told all about your case. Impounded bicycle, $83 owed to the county. Maybe you should get a job."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"I got a job, but without my bike to do my paper route, I can't make the money! See?"
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"[pulls out a pre-loaded record player and puts the needle onto the record, which begins playing, then says] Stan Marsh is a bright young man. He's got a great family, a promising paper route; only problem is, [removes the needle from the record] his bike's been impounded! [puts the needle back on the record, on another song] But now, he's about to find out that getting his bike back isn't so easy. [pulls the needle off again and puts the needle's arm in its resting place]"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[several seconds later] Look, I really need my bike."
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"[puts the record player aside] Well, I'm afraid I can't give it to you, because then you wouldn't learn anything.."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,What do I have to learn?! This isn't fair!
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"Whoa whoa, hold on. I've looked your case over and I think maybe we can cut a little deal here. According to your background check, when you were in kindergarten, you played on the Park County Pee Wee Hockey Team."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,...Yeah?
Stanley's Cup,Judge,Well it just so happens that the pee wee hockey team this year needs a coach.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,[apprehensive] Me?
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"[pulls out the record player again and plays it] Stan Marsh is a washed-up fourth grader. He's got no job, no bicycle. And his only way out is to coach... [pulls the needle off the record] a pee wee hockey team! [puts it on again] And now, he's about to find out that to coach, you've got to grow."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"South Park Recreation Center, looking more sophisticated than before. A hockey rink is in place, with kindergartners inside moving around. Stan is near the center's entrance moving towards the rink. Kids fall and get back up as they struggle to skate. Stan reaches the rink's entrance and looks inside"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Oh boy. Uh, all right, guys, over here? Come over here. [the kids move towards him, tumbling. Stan decides to go in and meet them] We've got a lot of work to do and not much time to do it in."
Stanley's Cup,# 10,Who are you?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,My name is Stan and I'm your new coach. Now we just need to kind of organize a little bit and practice our-
Stanley's Cup,# 8,"Coach, I have to go potty."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"All right, fine, go ahead."
Stanley's Cup,# 8,...By myself?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"S- hold it a while, okay?"
Stanley's Cup,# 7,"What does ""passing"" mean?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,When you shoot the puck to another player.
Stanley's Cup,# 15,[chubby boy] My mommy said I'm as big as the sky.
Stanley's Cup,# 3,"Coach, Morgan spit on my foot!"
Stanley's Cup,Morgan,I did not!
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"All right, all right, shut up! We're gonna practice! You two guys play defense, and you play goalie."
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"[downcast] I can't play goalie. [he's bald, save for a few hairs hanging down from inside his helmet]"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Why not?!
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,My doctor says I'm not supposed to.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"What, you got asthma or something?"
Stanley's Cup,# 3,"No, he has cancer."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,[off guard] What?
Stanley's Cup,# 8,Nelson has leukemia. It's already spread to his bone marrow.
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,I don't wanna have cancer! [covers his eyes and begins to weep]
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Ah, it's okay. Don't cry."
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"But why me, coach? Why?"
Stanley's Cup,# 7,"Coach, why do people get cancer?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[feeling overwhelmed] Oh Jesus, can we just practice?"
Stanley's Cup,# 10,"Are we gonna get cancer if we play with Nelson, Coach?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,NO! [a rival team and its coach walk up to Park County]
Stanley's Cup,Coach,Well well well! If it isn't the Park County Losers! [the rival players laugh. They're from Adams County]
Stanley's Cup,# 7,"Oh no! Adams County! [the Park County players back away, leaving Stan out front]"
Stanley's Cup,Coach,"We just thought we'd come check out the ice for the game tomorrow. [steps forward and offers a handshake] Gavin Throttle, coach of the Adams County team."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,[steps forward to reply] Hey. [Coach Gavin withdraws his hand]
Stanley's Cup,Gavin,"Look, why don't you just give up? You can't beat us. You really want to embarrass your players?"
Stanley's Cup,# 7,Our coach isn't gonna let us lose!
Stanley's Cup,Park County,Yeah!!
Stanley's Cup,Gavin,"[steps forward again] Fine, if that's the way you want it. See ya tomorrow, coach! Adams Team!"
Stanley's Cup,Adams County,Right! Follow! [they leave the rink]
Stanley's Cup,# 6,"Coach, please don't let us lose to Adams County. My daddy will beat me again."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. It's been a long day and Stan looks tired. He opens the front door and enters."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Jesus Christ. [his parents walk up to him]
Stanley's Cup,Sharon,"Stanley, where have you been?! It's almost bedtime!"
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"Your mother's been worried sick, and I've been watching TV!"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,I got a new job. I'm finally gonna be able to pay off all the money I owe.
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"Oh, well that's good."
Stanley's Cup,Sharon,What kind of job?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,I'm working with the Pee Wee Hockey League.
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"...What? With the-? [turns around] What whoa wait, Stan. You gave up playing hockey a long time ago."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"I'm not playing, I'm coaching."
Stanley's Cup,Randy,Have you forgotten what happened all those years ago? Or are you just trying to make up for it?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,[tense] What are you talking about?
Stanley's Cup,Randy,Your Pee Wee hockey game! The Pepsi Center?! In between periods of the Colorado Avalanche?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,[relaxes] I remember going to Shakey's afterwards.
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"Stan, you can't put your family through this again! Whatever your reasons are!"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[heads upstairs] I'm tired. I'm goin' to bed. [Randy moves towards him a bit, but Stan's door closes, and Randy turns to Sharon]"
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"What are we goin' to do, Sharon??"
Stanley's Cup,Sharon,What?
Stanley's Cup,Randy,Don't you get it? He's getting back into hockey to prove something to himself. So he can forget what happened in that Pee Wee skirmish.
Stanley's Cup,Sharon,Maybe he doesn't remember. He was only 4.
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"Oho, he remembers. I'm sure it eats at him every single day."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. He's now asleep and begins to dream."
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,"And we're about out of time here in another scoreless Pee Wee hockey game. [a boy skates towards the camera] And that's # 7, Stan Marsh, skating towards the goal, sort of, but h doesn't have the puck. [players nowhere near him just fall randomly. Two players manage to move towards a puck. The South Park player falls onto the Denver player, who kicks the puck away]"
Stanley's Cup,Denver goalie,"[farts, and realizes he did more than that] I crapped 'em! Oh me I crapped 'em! [leaves the goal defenseless]"
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,"Oh, it appears the goalie has pooped his pants. [the pucks moves towards Stan and stops right in front of him. The spotlight lands on him. The announcer stands] Oh and look at this! Little Stan Marsh actually has a shot at the goal!"
Stanley's Cup,Crowd,Ohhhh!
Stanley's Cup,Randy,[with longer hair] Stan?? Shoot it! [Stan isn't sure what to do]
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,Time is running out. Stan Marsh with a chance to win!
Stanley's Cup,Kyle,"You got it, Stan!"
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"[quite animated. Sharon holds him down] Take the shot!! Take the shot!! [Stan takes the shot and the puck moves towards the goal, but stops just inches from success. The buzzer sounds and no one wins] NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,"Ohoooo, that's the end of the game! How disappointing. [Stan looks around, scared.]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"The master bedroom. Randy wakes up from his dream in a fit, jumps up and runs around the bedroom. Sharon sits up in fear"
Stanley's Cup,Sharon,"Randy, what's wrong??"
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"OH! Ohh... Oh Sharon, it was horrible! It was like I was living it all over again."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Park County Hockey Rink, day. Inside, Stan is with his team."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[blows his whistle] All right, guys. Tonight is our big game against Adams County. We still have all day to practice."
Stanley's Cup,A man,"Coach? Hey coach. [the man and his wife appear] Could we talk to you, please? [Stan leaves the rink to meet them]"
Stanley's Cup,Woman,We are the Browns. Nelson's parents?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Oh
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Brown,"Our little Nelson, he's... taken a turn for the worse, I'm afraid! His cancer is... real ba-a-a-ad. [Mrs. Brown tries to soothe him, but begins to weep softly]"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Ohhh.
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Brown,"Yeah. Oh. Doctors say this could be it. How am I supposed to do it, coach? How do I look a five year old child in the eye and tell him he's not gonna live? [frustration leads to anger] You tell me, coach! You tell me how!!"
Stanley's Cup,Mrs. Brown,"Stop it, Jack! He doesn't mean to take it out on you, coach."
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Brown,"[frustrated again] No, I don't mean to take it out on you, coach. It's just... [fiddling with his had nervously] I don't know what to say to him, coach. Neither of us do. What do you say tuh... somebody who's dying, huh?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,... I don't know.
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Brown,"Will you talk to him, coach? He looks up to you."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"No, I think you oughta."
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Brown,"Nah, I'm just his father. But you're his coach! You're like a father to him."
Stanley's Cup,Mrs. Brown,"Please, coach, he's... [turns aside to cry] he's counting on you!"
Stanley's Cup,Mr. Brown,"[bows several times] Please, coach, he's counting on you!"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Nelson's room. A banner over his bed reads ""We Love You, Nelson"" and a balloon reads ""Get Well""."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[enters the room] Oh uh, hey Nelson."
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"Oh. [coughs] Hi, coach."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Dude, I can come back later. Is this a bad time for you?"
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"Yeah, it's a pretty bad time for me, coach. I'm only five and I'm dying. [Stan walks up to him] Coach, what's it like when you die?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Wugh, I'm not sure. I would... think that... it's a lot like it was before you were born?"
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,How come I have to die now?
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Ogh.
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"I mean, how come I don't get to grow up?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Goddammit, dude, I don't know."
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,I'm sorry.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"No, what I mean is, nobody really knows, see? But everyone does it. I mean, it's not like everyone else gets to live and only you have to die. Everyone's gonna die. You feel better now?"
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,I think so.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Okay, great. Look, I, I gotta get to the stadium, but uh... hang in there? All right? [gives him a thumbs up and walks away]"
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"Thanks, coach. [Stan is close to the door...] Will you do me just one favor, Coach? That game tonight? I'm gonna be watching, so... could you... make it so I don't have cancer?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"No- dude, I told you I can't do that."
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"Well then, will you just... win for me?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Okay. [pause. He steps out of the room and closes the door. Behind the door is the judge, waiting. He has his record player with him. He starts playing it...]"
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"Stan Marsh has always lived a carefree life. But in the blink of an eye, what seemed important before can all be put in perspective. Stan Marsh is... ""Bummin' on Cancer."" [takes the needle off, and Stan walks away.]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Park County Hockey Rink, night. Spectators begin to stream into the recreation center."
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,"Welcome, parents, to this Pee Wee hockey match between Park County and Adams County. [Sharon walks in and sits down]"
Stanley's Cup,Adams County,[Gavin leads them in the cheer] Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win!
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[walks up to Gavin] Coach, can I talk to you for a second?"
Stanley's Cup,Gavin,"Come to surrender, coach?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[takes him aside] Look, there's a kid in my team who's got cancer, and, he wants us to win this game really bad, so, could you just... give us kind of a break?"
Stanley's Cup,Gavin,"HA! I don't think so, Coach. We're gonna beat you into the ground, cancer or no! [turns and heads back to his team] Win! Win! Win! Win!"
Stanley's Cup,Adams County,Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! Win! ...
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"The Park County locker room, before the game. Stan and his team hold a meeting."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"All right, guys, listen. [turns around] I saw Nelson in the hospital, and he asked me one thing: he said he wanted us to win this game... for him. [the players look at each other]"
Stanley's Cup,# 6,"Sooo, if we lose we're gonna kill Nelson?"
Stanley's Cup,# 7,"Oh Jesus, no!"
Stanley's Cup,# 3,I don't wanna be a murderer!
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Relax! If we lose we're not gonna be murderers.
Stanley's Cup,# 7,If we lose are we gonna get cancer?
Stanley's Cup,# 13,Oh no!
Stanley's Cup,# 15,Ohhh..
Stanley's Cup,# 8,Oh no.
Stanley's Cup,# 6,I don't want cancer.
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,The game begins. Adams County players tap their sticks to the drum rhythm going on over the speakers.
Stanley's Cup,# 7,"They look pretty strong, coach. I think Nelson's gonna die for sure. [Stan looks a bit awed at the kid's assessment. The referee skates up to the center of the rink. Blur's ""Song No. 2"" begins to play.]"
Stanley's Cup,Gavin,"Good luck, Coach! You're gonna need it! [the ref throws down the puck and the skaters move... and fall over] Yeah! Let's go Adams!"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,the spectators look bored. Nothing is happening in the rink except for the Park County goalie picking his nose. The clock shows 5:05 left in the first period
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Let's go, Park! Come on!"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Still nothing is happening in the rink. An Adams County player waves to his mom, she waves back. The camera moves around excitedly"
Stanley's Cup,Gavin,"That's it, Brian! Kill him! [motions to Stan, then returns to watching the game]"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Get near the puck! [Park County players fall. No one is getting near the puck. No. 15, the goalie, continues picking his nose. Fast forward to the end of the third period. An Adams County player is struggling to keep his bladder in check. One second left in the game]"
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,And that's the end of the game. The result is a tie.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Tie? Well, what does that mean?"
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"[walks up with his record player and plays it] Stan Marsh was supposed to win it all. The big game. A dying boy's hope. Only problem is, [pulls the needle off the record.] he tied! [puts the needle on another track] And now, he's about to find out that tying isn't the same as winning. [pulls the needle up]"
Stanley's Cup,# 10,So did we kill Nelson or not?
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Stan peeks into Nelson's room"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Hello?
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,Coach.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,How are you feeling?
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"I feel pretty good, except for the cancer. [coughs] Coach? Does God hate me?"
Stanley's Cup,Dr. Doctor,"Oh, hello Coach."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Uh, hi Doc. How's he doing?"
Stanley's Cup,Dr. Doctor,"Well, he isn't worse, but, he isn't getting better. It's almost as if... his cancer were tied."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Oh boy.
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,[coughs] Oh. My cancer hurts.
Stanley's Cup,Dr. Doctor,"He seems to have put all his hope into you winning that game. And with a tie, he's in a kind of... cancer limbo."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,But what can I do?
Stanley's Cup,Judge,[rushes into the room with his record player] Stan Marsh! Stan Marsh! Great news! Our hockey team has just been invited to play against Denver County during a Colorado Avalanche game!
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,Wow. [smiles] At the Pepsi Center?
Stanley's Cup,Dr. Doctor,Look! He's coming around again.
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"That's our biggest game ever. Do you think we can win, Coach?"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Well, ah, I mean..."
Stanley's Cup,Judge,"[sets the record player on the floor and plays it] Imagine. If there was one game, one chance, to make everything right. Stan Marsh is being given that chance. But to win, he's gonna have to pull out all the stops in... ""Stanley's Cup""! Rated R. [turns the player off]"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Yeah... yeah, we'll beat 'em."
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,All right! Maybe there IS hope for me.
Stanley's Cup,Dr. Doctor,"[takes Stan aside] Just be aware of this, Coach. If you lose the Big Game, that little boy is going to die faster than Steve Irwin in a tank full of stingrays."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"A restaurant booth, day."
Stanley's Cup,# 6,Coach! What the hell were you thinking?
Stanley's Cup,# 3,We can't beat Denver County.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Well, sure we can."
Stanley's Cup,# 6,Last time we played Denver they scored seven times.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Look, guys. I believe in you. Nelson believes in you. Doesn't that count for anything?"
Stanley's Cup,# 8,"No, 'cause they're gonna kill us."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,They're not gonna kill us.
Stanley's Cup,# 6,That's what Steve Irwin said about those stingrays.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[thinks a bit] Haven't you guys ever seen these movies? We're just supposed to rally together, believe in ourselves, and we win in the end."
Stanley's Cup,# 3,"No. In the movies, they always go out and find a kid who's really good to join the team."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Hey that's right. We need a ringer. [smiles]
Stanley's Cup,# 13,We need a Canadian. [Next thing you see is Ike shooting pucks into the goal. Stan and Kyle watch. Stan smiles.]
Stanley's Cup,# 6,"Wow, he's good."
Stanley's Cup,Park County,Yeah!
Stanley's Cup,Kyle,"Stan, I told you. My mom doesn't want Ike playing hockey. She thinks it's dangerous."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"It's just for one game. He won't get hurt, I promise. [Ike is wearing #2]"
Stanley's Cup,Park County,Yeah!
Stanley's Cup,Kyle,"All right, but it's gonna take more than one good player to beat the champions, Stan. You'd better have a really good game plan."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. He's drawing up plays for his team to carry out. The camera moves enough to include Randy, in his briets at the door, in the shot"
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"Can you believe it, Stan? The Pepsi Center. You're going back to the place where it all happened. Same place where you missed that shot all those years ago."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Dad, I'm working on my game plan right now."
Stanley's Cup,Randy,"Ya have to understand why I can't go. I can't... sit there in that same crowd and watch you destroy yourself again. [sits at the foot of the bed] Oh, Stan. Of all the places, why does it have to be the Pepsi Center? All right, all right, I'll go. No, no I WANT to go. [gets up and looks at Stan] I'm gonna be there for you and... I'll be rooting louder than anybody, saying ""That's my son!"" [turns around and leaves the room, then turns around again] And just remember, Stan: win or lose. Those are your two options, Win, or lose. [turns left and walks away]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"The Pepsi Center at Denver, night. Your Colorado Avalanche vs. The Detroit Red Wings. The match is underway and the Red Wings are on offense. One of the Red Wings fires the puck towards the Denver goal, but the Denver goalie blocks it by catching it with his left glove"
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,"His shot is blocked! What a great save! [a man holds up a banner that reads ""GO AVS."" The buzzer sounds and the score is tied at 2-2 at the end of the second period] And that's the end of the second period. The score is tied 2-all. [the teams go to their locker rooms] And now please put your hands together for three minutes of exhibition play from some of our state's finest Pee Wee hockey players."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"[at an entrance with his team] All right, you guys, this is it. The moment is here. We've been through a lot together, and according to every movie ever made, we're going to win this game. Just don't forget: there's a little boy in the hospital who's really counting on us. So let's not let him down. Are you with me?! [all the players are with him in their own ways.] All right, let's go win!"
Stanley's Cup,Official,"[rounds the corner and spots them] Sorry boys, you aren't playing tonight."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,Huh?
Stanley's Cup,Official,The other Pee Wee hockey team didn't show up. There's nobody for you to play. Thanks for makin' the trip though.
Stanley's Cup,Park County,We came to play.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,S-so then we win?
Stanley's Cup,Official,No. Nobody wins.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Hey. Hey, you can't do this. [the Avs come up behind Park County] We've, we've been through all this stupid emotional crap!"
Stanley's Cup,Official,"Well, you've got nobody to play, there's nothing we can do."
Stanley's Cup,Stan,But it isn't supposed to end like this!
Stanley's Cup,Av 1,"Hey, hold on a second. If these kids have been through a lot of emotional changes, then they have to play."
Stanley's Cup,Av 2,Yeah.
Stanley's Cup,Official,"Well, who are they gonna play?"
Stanley's Cup,Av 1,They can take our place.
Stanley's Cup,Av 3,Yeah. Let 'em play the Red Wings.
Stanley's Cup,Stan,[turns around and face the Avs] Play the Red Wings?
Stanley's Cup,Judge,[pops in with his record player and plays his record] Stan Marsh coaches a Pee Wee hockey team. But now [pulls the needle off the record] they're going to play in the big leagues. [plays his record again] They've got small bodies but big hearts. Stan Marsh is... going professional. [pops out]
Stanley's Cup,Av 1,"All right! Give 'em hell, boys!"
Stanley's Cup,The Avs,All right! Yeah!
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"The Pepsi Center, night, third period."
Stanley's Cup,Announcer,"It's a tie game here in Colorado as we get set to start the final period. Your attention, please: for this third and final period, the Detroit Red Wings will be playing... the Park County Pee Wee Hockey Team."
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Spectators return to their seats, and the period begins. The Red Wings take possession of the puck and begin to knock out Park County players left and right. One Red Wing smashes a Park County player into the plastic"
Stanley's Cup,Denver fans,OHHHHHHHHH!
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Jesus Christ! [another Red Wing takes the puck to the goal, but kicks another Park County player into the plastic off to the side] Stop! Stop this!"
Stanley's Cup,Man,Let them play!
Stanley's Cup,Fans,Let them play! Let them play! [even Randy is cheering for this. The Red Wing finally fires off the shot... into the goalie]
Stanley's Cup,# 15,"EEEK-ugh [lies there, helpless. The shot is good, and the Red Wings get another point.]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Another Red Wings skates up to # 7, jumps, and steps on his face with the edge of the skate, then skates away"
Stanley's Cup,Stan,"Hey, can they do that??"
Stanley's Cup,Ike,"[another Red Wing beats him to a bloody pulp] Ow, no. Oh! [a Red Wing fires the puck at # 8 and draws blood out his mouth]"
Stanley's Cup,# 8,"AAAGH! [the Red Wings fire pucks into the goal at will and rack up lots of points. For some reason, there's a 4th period and the score is 31-2 Detroit. One final shot from Detroit and the final score is 32-2]"
Stanley's Cup,A Red Wing,"Yeah! We did it! We did it! [Queen's ""We Are The Champions"" begins to play]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Red Wing fans celebrate the victory. Red Wings skate around the rink and hug spontaneously, and hi-five each other."
Stanley's Cup,Randy,NOOO! NOT AGAIN! NOOO! [Sharon restrains him. Red Wings 14 and 30 French-kiss]
Stanley's Cup,# 6,"[with a black left eye and a bloody mouth] I hate you, Coach. I hate you. [The Red Wings coach kisses his wife, then shakes an older man's hand]"
Stanley's Cup,Red Wings coach,"Thank you, Dad."
Stanley's Cup,Former coach,"I'm proud of you, boy. [they give each other a long, warm hug. An NHL official takes a huge trophy over to the Red Wings coach and his team]"
Stanley's Cup,Scene Description,"Nelson's room at Hell's Pass Hospital. Large text blinks ""Red Wings Win!"" green and yellow on his television."
Stanley's Cup,Fans,Red Wings! Red Wings! Red Wings! Red Wings! Red Wings! Red Wings!
Stanley's Cup,Nelson,"No hope. No... hope... [dies right there, and his vitals flatline]"
Stanley's Cup,Fans,Red Wings! Red Wings! Red Wings! Red Wings! [the coach celebrates his victory by waving the trophy around]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,Wheel of Fortune. The graphics roll by
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Announcer,And now back to Wheel of Fortune!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"The camera closes in on Randy, who's got his hands clenched, his thumbs up, and a big grin on his face. He pumps his fists softly. A new car waits behind him to win it"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"All right, Randy, congratulations on making it all the way to the bonus round!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Thanks, Pat!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"You've got some family here watching tonight. [a shot of Sharon, Shelly, and Stan in the audience. Sharon waves, then claps. Stan waves]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Yeah, they're all rooting for me."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,And I'm sure you have lots of friends watching back home?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"The town bar. A crowd has gathered to watch the show. Kyle and Ike are there with their parents, Butters is there with his"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Yeah. Hi, everybody watching in South Park!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jimbo,That's us!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stephen,Hehey! [both thumbs up]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Man 1,"[amid other chatter, voice only] Hey Randy!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jimbo,Good luck!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,Back to the studio.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,Well let's see if you can't make everyone proud. The category is [the words appear onscreen as Vanna White gets ready to turn the letters on the board] People Who Annoy You.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Okay. [deep exhale]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"As always, we give you the letters R, T, S, L, and E. [Some of the letters light up blue and Vanna turns them around: ERS] We just need three more consonants, and a vowel."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Okay I'd like a B, an N, and a G."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,And a vowel?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,[quickly crosses his fingers in both hands and grits his teeth] An O please.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"Okay, well, looks like you're gonna get a lot of help here. [more letters light up blue and Vanna turns them around. Randy claps softly] The category is People Who Annoy You. [the letters are NGG, but no O: N_GGERS. Randy stops clapping] Audience, keep quiet, please. [the white people in the audience are shocked and terrified while the black people are angry and glaring at Randy. One of the cameramen peeks out from behind the camera - he's black]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Uh... Well, uh..."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"Ten seconds, Mr. Marsh."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,I know it but I don't think I should say it.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"Five seconds, Mr. Marsh."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Oh all right uh, I'd like to solve the puzzle! [beat] Ni**ers! [the audience is stone quiet. Randy gets the buzzer for the wrong answer and drops his arms.] Huh? [Vanna goes to turn the last letter around - A - then walks back to her post and looks at the ground] Ohhh..."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,[covers his eyes] Ooooh. [Sharon and Shelly are stunned]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"[subdued] Oh naggers. Of course, naggers. [sheepish grin] Right."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Pat Sajak,"[awkwardly] Uhh, can we cut to a... [back at the bar in South Park] Can we cut to a- [the station goes off the air. The bar patrons are confused]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,On the road back home. Stan still has his hand over his eyes. Sharon has her eyes closed and her head in her right hand
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"[sniffs, then] Well, gave it my best shot. Least we had a fun trip, huh, gang?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Sharon,I can't believe you said the N-word on national television!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Wha?! Well what was I supposed to do, Sharon? I thought I was gonna make $30,000! Stanley, the only reason Daddy used that word is that he thought he would win money."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. The kids arrive at school."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway. Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny walk into view."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kyle,"Dude, did your dad know that the show was being broadcast live?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Dude, that was the funniest thing I've ever seen! I watched it on YouTube about sixty times!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Can we just drop this, please? I don't wanna talk about it!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Yeah, well, it's not us you have to worry about. It's Token. [points at the camera. Dramatic music swells. The camera then looks at Token, who's putting some books into his locker] He is gonna wanna kick your cracker teeth in."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"No, he's not. [looks at Kyle] Is he?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kyle,I don't know.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"I just need to explain things. [walks up to Token, who's finished with the locker and holds only a binder in his right hand] Hey Token. Look, I don't know if you saw Wheel of Fortune last night, but-"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"Yeah, I was watching with my whole family. And then we saw all the replays this morning on the news."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Listen, Token, my dad isn't a racist. He's just stupid, all right? He just blurted out the N-word, and it's no big deal, okay?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"Uh, well, actually it is kind of a big deal, Stan."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,Ohhhhhhhh?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"It may be a mistake, but you don't understand how it feels when that word comes up. So don't say it isn't a big deal."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Oh, shit, here we go! [gets really excited and cuts in between them, yelling] It's on! Race war! [goes back and yells at one end of the hall] Race war! Race war! [comes back again and yells at the other end of the hall] Race war is on, everybody! It's going down! Shit is going down! [returns, just itching to see Stan and Token fight]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Token, my dad wasn't trying to be offensive. Just forget about it."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"That's easy for you to say, Stan."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"[softly] Yeah, come on! Here we go!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Yeah, but he didn't say it in anger or anything like that."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,That doesn't mean I can just be fine.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,[softly] Race war! Come on! Race war!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"If you really think it's not a big deal, then you really are ignorant. That's all. I'm not fighting anybody. [turns left and walks away]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Token forfeits! [takes Stan's left hand and holds it up in victory] Whites win! [lets go and twirls away] Whites win! [runs to one end of the hall] Race war is over, everybody! Whites won again!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"In an office somewhere, day."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"I want to apologize deeply and sincerely for using the N-word on Wheel of Fortune. And I want to assure you that I am not a racist, Reverend Jackson. [The camera shows Jesse Jackson behind a desk, with three officials around him]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,"[elbows on armrests, hands interlaced] The puzzle you were solving was ""people who annoy you""."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Uh well, like anybody else thought it was ""naggers"". I mean, right?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,"Mr. Marsh, you need to take time to understand African-American culture, visit black museums, see black performers and artists."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Oh! Ah I will! I'm really down with [making sure he gets it right] African-Americans.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,[thinks a moment] Do you really want to apologize? Are you sure?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Y-Yes, absolutely."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,"[long exhale] Very well. If you want to apologize, I will accept. [rises from his chair and approaches Randy]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Hahh, thank you, Mr. Jackson, thank you."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,"Brian, get a picture of Mr. Marsh apologizing. [takes off his coat, rolls up his shirt sleeves...]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Brian,"[with camera] Ready to go, sir."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,"[...unzips and drops his pants, then drops his briefs and sticks his ass out at Randy] Kiss it."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Huh?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,Apologize. Kiss it.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,You want me to kiss your-
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,That's right. [gyrates his butt around] Apologize.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Agh, oh, okay. I'll ahh... [genuflects] Let's see here uh..."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Jesse Jackson,[gyrates his butt around again] Apologize. [Randy kisses Jesse's ass for a few seconds and the picture is taken. It appears in newspapers like the New York News]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. The bell rings and Stan approaches Token at his locker."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,Hey Token. I just wanted to let you know that everything is cool now. My dad apologized to Jesse Jackson.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"Oh I see, so I'm supposed to feel all better now."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Well, yeah."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"[throws his backpack into the locker] You just don't get it, Stan!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Dude, Jesse Jackson said it's okay!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"[spins around angrily] Jesse Jackson, is not the emperor, of black people! [storms away]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,[softly] He told my dad he was...
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"The school gym, later. All the students have been called to assemble there."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Woman,"[dressed in a sharp business suit] Today we are going to have a guest speaker talk to us about sensitivity and the power of words. [Stan looks over at Token in the row before him] In a moment you will meet Dr. David Nelson, who has first-hand experience in overcoming slander, because David is himself, a little person. Who knows what a little person is? [Butters raises his hand] Yes? Over here?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Butters,A midget?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Woman,"Not exactly. That term is actually considered offensive, and that's why Dr. Nelson goes from school to school getting us all to think about what we say. He has two PhD.'s and has published six books! Please welcome David Nelson!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"[waddles in to some fanfare, swaying back and forth] Good morning, students! How are we all feeling today? [the music stops. Cartman chuckles, then lets out a laugh, and can't stop] I would like to share with you all my-"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,No! Dude! No fucking way! [laughs] Dude! [resumes laughing]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"That, that words are like bullets. And if you give-"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"[shakes his head back and forth, then rears back, laughing all the while] Stop! Stop! Stop! Stohahahahahahaha..."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Mackey,"[appears next to Mr. Nelson] Eric, be quiet!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"No, no, it's okay. He'll run out of steam here pretty soon. [Cartman continues laughing, and even nudges Stan a few times to get him to laugh, but Stan just gets annoyed.]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Look! Look look, look. They put a little suit on him. [resumes laughing. Mr. Nelson gets pissed off, but holds it in]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,A comedy club - The Laugh Factory. Randy is walking down the street and notices the club
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Ooh! An African-American performer at the comedy club. [rushes over]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,Inside the club an African-American is doing his routine
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Comedian,"And so I said to my wife, ""You told me to kill the damned cockroach! Don't yell at me for making a mess!"" [the audience laughs. Randy is in the audience, laughing] We've got a great crowd here tonight. Now, how many people here are actually from Colorado? [a few audience members and Randy clap and holler] Ya got nothin' better to do on a Friday night than to go to a comedy club, huh? [that gets a big laugh from the crowd. The comedian points to Randy] Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? [the crowd falls silent, and Randy looks uncomfortable] Yeah. I know you. You're the guy that said ""ni**er"" on Wheel of Fortune. [the audience laughs. Randy lets out a weak chuckle] Look! Everybody! It's the ""ni**er"" guy. [big laughs all around]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Man 2,"Hey, it is him."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Comedian,"Oh, we got a star in the club. Everyone wave to the ""ni**er"" guy. [waves, and the audience waves with him] Say, ""Hi, 'ni**er' guy!"""
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Audience,"Hi, ""ni**er"" guy! [Randy waves back and now has a guilty smile on his face, which quickly changes to a guilty frown]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Comedian,"That's all right, ""ni**er"" guy. You know we just playin'. [the crowd roars with laughter and claps]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Yeah... No problem...
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Comedian,"Have you all seen these navigation systems in these cars these days? Damn things look like they're right out of ""Far Out Space Nuts"". Maybe ""ni**er"" guy has one. You got one, ""ni**er"" guy? [the audience roars with laughter again and Randy leaves, his head hung in shame. He wanders the streets]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"A run-down part of the city, night."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Man 3,"[walks by with a woman] Hey look, Betty. It's that ""ni**er"" guy. [Randy sighs and walks on]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Three kids,"[passing by on skateboards] Ni**er guy. Ni**er guy. [they leave, Randy sighs again and walks on. He stops by a 24-hour store to get some aspirin]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Clerk,[white] Hey. What do you think you're doing? [an Asian clerk stands behind him]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,I just... need some aspirin.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Clerk,"You aren't welcome in this store, ""ni**er"" guy."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,Fine! [leaves the aspirin on the counter and rushes out the door]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, principal's office. Mr. Nelson is there to lodge a complaint. Principal Victoria sits at her desk, Mr. Mackey stands to her left."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"Principal Victoria, I am very concerned about the behavior of one of your students."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Principal Victoria,"Yes, we apologize for Eric Cartman's behavior, Mr. Nelson. We feel terrible."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"Why? I don't feel terrible. It doesn't bother me at all. [waddles to his left] Words are like bullets, and I let 'em pass right through me. [waddles back] I just know that with some one-on-one time together with this Eric Cartman, I have a chance to change the way he thinks."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, it might be best if you just ...let it go, m'kay?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"You don't understand. [waddles around] You see, words are like bullets. And if you take away the gunpowder-"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah yeah, we we get it, Mr. Nelson."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Principal Victoria,"Very well, Mr. Nelson. [presses a button on her phone] Stacey, go ahead and send in Eric Cartman. [the door opens and Cartman walks in and immediately bursts into laughter upon seeing Mr. Nelson.] Eric, Mr. Nelson is concerned about how you respond to little people."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,[stops long enough to respond] Oh. Did I hurt its little feelings? [resumes laughing]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"You know, you think you have the power to make me insecure, but your words are actually completely powerless."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"[before Mr. Nelson finishes talking] Oh oh oh oh! If we could get, like, eight of these, we could dress them all up like little beavers, right, and then put 'em in a pond, and see if they build a dam! [stomps his foot on the floor, points to Mr. Nelson, and laughs. Principal Victoria buries her face in her hands]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"You see? No matter what you say, I'm still standing."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,[stops] Barely! [starts up again]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"[assertively] No matter how you act, I can rise above it!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"[stops] ""Rise above it!"" Get it? [starts up again]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,[steps up to Cartman] Shut your fucking mouth!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Principal Victoria,"Mr. Nelson! [Mr. Nelson blanches. Cartman looks at him, then cracks up again and falls on his ass in laughter]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"He, he, he didn't get to me. I was I was just I wast just joking"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Look, look how its face gets all red! He's like a little strawberry!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,[grimaces] Aaaaaaa!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park, night, Viggo's Coffee House. A sign outside announces ""SPOKEN WORD CONTEST TONIGHT,"" Inside, a pair of black hands drums away on some bongo drums. Next, Randy is shown onstage, the drummer in the background"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Words with venom, words that bind. Words used like weapons to cloud my mind. I'm a person. I'm a man. But no matter how I try, people just say ""Hey! There's that 'ni**er' guy."" [no response from the crowd] Everywhere I go, it's always the same. Everyone just thinks of me as that one single name. ""Hey Ni**er Guy! Ni**er Guy! Hi Ni**er Guy!"" Stop! Now go. Call me Ni**er Guy! Fill me with your hate! Try to bring me down- Oop up, you're too late. When will it end, will there ever be a time? When I can be thought of as more... than just ""Ni**er Guy"". [no response from the crowd] Respect. [throws up the V sign and walks off stage]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. Stan walks up to Token again"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Token! Hey, wait up. [Token turns around] I just wanted to say, I get it now. You know, after that ""little person"" talk at that assembly the other day, I understand how you feel about somebody saying the N word."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,Sooo black people are midgets? [turns around and walks away. At the far end of the hallway Mr. Nelson rounds the corner and walks towards Stan.]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,God dammit!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"Excuse me, over here, please? All right, I need all students to join me over here. [heads towards the gym. The available students follow him]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,The gym. Only the fourth graders are there
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"I have called you here because it is time that we taught Eric Cartman a lesson once and for all! In a few seconds, Eric will be sent in, and when we walks through that door, I want you all at the same time to yell, ""Hello, fatso!"""
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Craig,"...I don't think that's a very good idea, sir."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"He has to learn his lesson! You see, words are like bullets. [turns around and sees Cartman] All right all right, here he comes. [walks off-screen. Cartman enters the gym]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kids,"""Hello, fatso!"""
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Hey! What the hell is that?! You think that's fuckin' funny?! [walks up to Kyle accusingly] Kyle, did you put everybody up to this?! [Mr. Nelson walks out towards the entrance, then curves around to stand behind Cartman] I bet you did! What the hell is going on?!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Mr. Nelson,"Now you know how it feels. [Cartman turns around and looks at him, then bursts out laughing] You'd better shut up or i'm gonna kick your ass!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"Alright, alright, alright, who is the freaking genius who dressed it up in little suspenders? Clyde, was that you? Gahahahahaha!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"A conference hall, somewhere. Randy speaks before an entire group made up of only black people."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"And so it is my honor to announce today the Randy Marsh African-American Scholarship Foundation. [gets good applause for that] It is my hope that this foundation will prove my commitment to the education of African-American students and erase once and for all my identity as the ""ni**er"" guy. [no response] You really... you really don't know how hard it is to be constantly reminded of something lame that happened in your past. I mean I... just wanna move on from what happened on ""Wheel of Fortune"", you know and... and when people call me... ""ni**er guy""... they're bringing up a painful chapter of my history and all the negativity that went along with it. You just... you can't imagine how that feels. [no response]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Black Man,"Is this ""ni**er"" guy serious?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Anyway, here's to a new start for us all. Thank you! [walks off.]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"Outside, night. He walks towards his car when a truck passes by. It screeches to a halt and backs up to stop in front of Randy. Two rednecks are in the cab, a third is in the bed"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Driver,Thar look Skeeter! That's that guy from the TV!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,"[the redneck in the cab] Well well well, looks like we got ourselves a ni**er guy! [reaches down and grabs a shotgun. Randy takes off running.]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Awww! Awwww! [the rednecks give chase. Skeeter just shoots in the air, aiming at no one]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,Yee haw! Yiiip yip yip yip yip yip.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Passenger,Wooo! [pumps his left fist]
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Whoa! [sees a clearing across the street and runs into it. The truck passes it, screeches to a halt, and backs up. Randy turns around and sees the three rednecks standing before him, shotguns aimed at him]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,"Where you goin' ""ni**er"" guy?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"Please I, I don't want any trouble."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,"Well you got trouble, when you first decided to slander an entire race of people on ""Wheel of Fortune""!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Driver,"Yeah. You like making fun of minorities, ""ni**er"" guy? Huh we don't take kindly to social ignorance."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Passenger,"You tell 'im, Skeeter, you tell 'im!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,[holds his hands out in a blocking position] What do you want?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,What do we want? [he and the passenger laugh] We want to live in a world without people like you who are intolerant of African-Americans!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Man 4,"[from screen left, out of nowhere] Leave him alone."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Passenger,"Hey... That's that other ""ni**er"" guy."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,Huh?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Passenger,"That's the guy from Seinfeld, used the N-word a whole bunch o' times."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Driver,"Michael Richards? Well, son of a bitch!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,"Looks like it's our lucky day! We done got us two ""ni**er"" guys!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Man 5,[from screen right] Make that three.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Passenger,Mark Fuhrman?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,Who?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Passenger,He done said the N-word in the O.J. case.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Driver,"Well what is this? A ""ni**er"" guy convention? [two more men appear beside Randy, Richards and Fuhrman]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,We aren't being pushed around anymore. Leave.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Driver,"Come on, Skeeter. [he and the other rednecks back up towards their truck] These ""ni**er"" guys ain't worth our trouble."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Skeeter,"[from the truck bed] Damn ""ni**er"" guys! [the other two get into the cab] We'll be back! [the truck starts up and the rednecks hoot and holler and fire off their weapons as they speed away]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,[puts his hands on Randy's right shoulder] You'd better come with us.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"An abandoned barn nearby, moments later. The five men go in"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,"Come on in, Mr. Marsh. We'll make you some coffee."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,What's going on here?
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Fuhrman,[pours Randy a cup of coffee and gives it to him] We've been following your story since we first saw it on the news. Don't worry - you're with friends now. Dale here used the N-word in a racial joke at work. Scott used the plural N-word to refer to a group of gardeners who broke his fence.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scott,They were Mexicans. I was being ironic.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,We're all just like you.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,"No. [smacks Richards' hand off his shoulder and puts the cup down] No no, I'm sorry, but I'm not... like you. I just said the N-word by mistake to win money."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,I made a mistake too. [moves forward a bit] I was trying to be funny! I got frustrated and thought I would get some shock laughs. I'm just... not that good of a comedian if you want to know the real truth.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,You said the N-word to a black man's face! That's way worse than what I did!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Richards,"[turns around and gets in Randy's face] You really think that matters?! [moves to Randy's ear] You really think all those people out there see a difference? Oh, they might say your racial slur was more accidental; they might even laugh about it. But at the end of the day, all you are to them is just another damn ""ni**er"" guy! [Randy swallows a bit] Oh, you don't like that, do ya?"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Randy,No.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Fuhrman,"Randy, we want you to join us. We have a plan to make this all go away once and for all."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,"South Park, day, the neighborhood."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"Now look, Token, I've done everything I can to make this right! You have no reason to still be mad!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,I have every reason to be mad! You just don't get it!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,I'm not responsible for what my dad did!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,"No, but you can't just pretend it never happened either!"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,"What the hell do you want from me?! [Butters appears across the street, rather out of breath. Upon seeing them, he runs over]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,Nothing!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Stan,Then stop being mad!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Token,No!
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Butters,"Fellas! Fellas come quick! Cartman's gonna fight the midget! [Butters runs off. Stan and Token look at each other silently then shrug, as they turn to follow Butters]"
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Scene Description,The community park. The kids have gathered to see Cartman and Mr. Nelson fight.
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Butters,"C'mon now Eric, come on now."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Kyle,"Dude, are you sure you wanna do this? Apparently this guy has a black belt in karate."
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson,Cartman,"It's a midget, dude."
