Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"At a lamp post in downtown. Officer Barbrady has stopped a speeding motorist and looks over at Randy, who's smoking some weed in plain view."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,Uh that is nice! That is nice!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Jimbo,"[walks by, sees him, and runs over] Randy! Jesus, Randy. Your balls!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"I know. Smokin' pot right in front of a cop. Pretty sweet, huh?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Jimbo,"No, I mean, your actual balls!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Oh, yeah. Testicular cancer. Here, here, you want some? Oh wait, you're healthy! Hey bust his ass, officer! [laughs]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,Elsewhere in South Park. Cartman walks down the street sighing heavily
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Tough Boy 1,"Hey kid, they say you're looking for some KFC."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Yeah. Who isn't?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Tough Boy 1,"Yeah well uh, we got some. Over at Billy Miller's house."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Billy Miller? Seriously??
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Billy Miller's house, basement. The boy follows Cartman down the stai"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"Ahhh Eric Cartman, right?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Tommy said you have some KFC.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,Suuure. [snaps his fingers and waves someone forward] Jessie. [a girl brings a tray with food over to Cartman]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Oh my God, the Colonel's popcorn chicken and honey-mustard sauce! [eats them as fast as he can] Oh God yes! [finishes it off] Where did you get that?!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,I have my sources. That'll be $85.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,85 bucks?? I don't have that! [three boys behind him get serious and approach him. One of them has a bat]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"Hold on, hold on. [the boys stop] You're a big boy, Eric. Maybe you can pay me back another way. Do a little job for me. I've got some serious KFC coming in from a dealer. I need somebody willing to get a little risky and... pick it up."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,How much KFC are we talking?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,Two buckets plus a three-piece meal and four sides.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Holy fuck, dude."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"I've got the money to pay for it, but it's become a risky business out there. You get the chicken for me, and I'll make sure you're hooked up for life. Do you wanna do it?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Do I wanna do it? Does the Pope help pedophiles get away with their crime?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,Excellent.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Medicinal marijuana dispensary, day. Randy exits the dispensary with his balls in the wheelbarrow"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"[smokes, coughs a little] Alright, see you tomorrow! [turns left and has difficulty maneuvering his massive balls. He walks down the sidewalk happily and checks his watch] Oh God, I gotta hurry! Caprica starts in five minutes! [starts moving faster, but the wheelbarrow soon falls apart and he's left sitting on his balls.] Huh-oh Jesus! [looks around, unsure of what to do] Ugh, ohh. [tries to get his feet on the ground, but can't] Uhh, hey, can somebody..? [puffs on the joint, then pulls at his scrotum] ...Rrrr. Ugh, I gotta get home. [gets off his balls and starts pulling them down the street. He sits on them again and bounces on them] Hey, hey, hey, this can work. This could... Hey, it's like a hoppity hop. Aaahah. Whoa-ho. [bounces down the sidewalk]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"South Park, day. People stop and stare as Randy bounces down the street on his balls. He's laughing all the while."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Elsewhere in South Park, Cartman walks into an alley and looks around. Further in the alley he runs across a man"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Are you Teabag?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,Maybe I am. Who's askin'?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Cut the crap. You got the stuff?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,"Oh, I got the hookup. Question is, you got the money? [Cartman hands him a wad of bills] Alright, we're in biz. [turns right and grabs a couple of bags of KFC food, then hands them to Cartman, who looks inside each bag] It's all there, man."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Extra crispy? [opens a small bowl of gravy and samples it carefully]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,"'Course, man, I ain't no fool."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,You trying to fuck me dude? This is cut with Boston Market gravy!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,"Awww, it's all the same shit, man."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,IT'S NOT THE SAME SHIT! [reaches behind his back for a pistol and aims it at Teabag]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,"Okay okay I'm sorry, oh... [gets on his knees and shields his face]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,You're cuttin' Colonel's gravy with Boston Market to try and save yourself some fuckin' money!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,I'll take back the gravy.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[lunges at him with the pistol, making him get on all fours] Like anybody wants KFC without gravy!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Teabag,"AAAH please. Please, I'm sorry! Take your money back! Take the KFC too! [Barbrady walks by and stops to look]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Barbrady,What's going on back there?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Nothin', it's cool."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"A table, evening. Jimbo and Ned are shown playing poker"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Jimbo,"Alright, I'll call. Forty-five to you Ned."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,[puffs on a joint and coughs] Oh man. This Rainy Day Woman is the bomb. You guys don't know what you're missing.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Peter Nelson,"Well you know, you could share some of that with us, Randy."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"No, Peter Nelson, that's illegal! I can smoke this because I have cancer."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Player 1,"Aw some on, just give us a little bit."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Player 2,Yeah.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Get your own medicinal marijuana cards! You've all got perfectly good microwaves at home! Look, I'm telling you guys, it's awesome. I can have all the pot I want, I get around faster than walking, and, wherever I need a seat, I can just sit on my balls. And let me tell you something else. [a player listens a little more closely] Chicks... love 'em."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Peter Nelson,Women love huge balls?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Loove 'em. Everywhere I go, when I walk by, chicks are like turning their heads and going ""whaaa?"" I never knew how much women love guys' balls until I got these puppies. [pats his balls]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Woman 1,"Travis, did you take out the garba-whaaa? [backs up at the sight of Randy's balls, then runs off]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,See?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Billy Miller's house, later. Cartman walks down the stairs with the bags of KFC he got from Teabag."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"Cartman my boy, you got the stuff?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Yeah I got the stuff. [the other boys carry the bags away] And I got the money. [tosses the wad of bills back at Billy]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,Heyyy you're good Eric. I need people like you!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Good, 'cause I ate a bunch of chicken on the way over here. [burps]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"That's alright Eric. I've got something big in the works. What if I told you... that I now have a direct line to get all the KFC we want here? I'm sending Tommy to Kentucky, to try and set up a little ""arrangement"" with the Colonel himself."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Wait a minute. You mean THE Colonel?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,That's right. And I'd like you to go as well and watch Tommy's back for me. Is that something you'd want to do?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Is that something I'd want to do? Is the Pope Catholic? And making the world safe for pedophiles?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,Excellent.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Dr. Doctor's office, day. A nurse walks in with an envelope"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Nurse,"Doctor, Mr. Klein's test results came in. [hands the envelope to the doctor, who opens it and pulls the results out]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,What the hell is going on?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Nurse,Doctor?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,This is the tenth case I've seen this week. It can't be a coincidence. Something in this town is giving men testicular cancer.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Silly music plays as a line of men bounce down the sidewalk on their swollen balls, smoking pot all the while. The line of men consists of the poker players from Travis' place."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Jimbo,"Heh! Man, I am stoned off my ass!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Player 3,I'm stoned off my balls! [another man laughs]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Café Monet, day. The line of men hops past"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,Anybody got more of that loompa loompa weed?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Woman 2,Wow. Those guys have nice balls.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Woman 3,Wish my man had balls like those.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Woman 2,Mmm.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Corbin, Kentucky, the Colonel's home, day. The Colonel is giving a tour of the place to Tommy and Cartman"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"Our entire production is headquartered here, boys. We move over sixteen tons of chicken every month. Of course, with the new laws in Colorado my business has taken quite a hit. I'm worried other states might follow suit."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Tommy,"We know, Colonel, but we can get your chicken into the state. We just need a bulk deal, say, four ninety five a key?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"I've got to hand it to you, Colonel. You have everything a man could want."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"I like you, Eric. There's no lying in you. Unfortunately, I don't feel the same about your friend."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Who? You mean Tommy? [looks over at Tommy, then stops walking. The Colonel stops as well - Tommy is missing.] Wait, where's he go?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"Your partner is an informant for Jamie Oliver. [hands him some binoculars and shows him where Tommy is. Through the binoculars, Cartman sees Tommy being roughed up by two men inside a helicopter. One of the men shows Tommy where Cartman is. There's a noose around Tommy's neck. The guy who shows him where Cartman is throws him out of the helicopter and hangs him. Cartman is stunned, but quickly gets over it and laughs]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Dude, that was sweet! He's all choked."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,And how do I know you're not a liar too?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Hey, Colonel! I've been your biggest supporter since I was two years old! I love your chicken! I love you!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"I think... you and me can work this thing out, Eric. Do business together a long time."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Good.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"Just remember, I only tell you one time. Don't fuck me, Eric. Don't you ever try to fuck me. [Cartman keeps his mouth shut]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Randy is by the sliding doors in back of the house, as his balls are too big for the front door now."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,"[walks up] Randy! Randy, will you look at yourself? Your balls are getting bigger."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,I know. They're pretty swollen. Kinda hurts. I'm gonna buy some more weed.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,"Randy, please. When you get back, do you think maybe we could make love again? [looks down at his balls]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Ohhh, someone's feeling frisky again. huh?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,"Oh, it's just that I thought that more alone time would maybe be really-"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,Hey. My eyes are up here.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,"I'm sorry, I just..."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"It's alright, I just want you to look at me when we make love and not just at my balls. I'll be home soon, babe. [sends her an air kiss and hops out]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Medicinal marijuana dispensary, day. The same silly music from before plays. Randy hops up to the front door and opens it. He tries to hop in, but the balls are way too big, causing the music to stop. He gets off his balls and tries to shove them in"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Hey uh, could you uh, give me half a pound of that Suburban Sunrise, please?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,"I'm sorry sir, but you have to be inside the store."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Well eh, I'm right here, can you just... bring it over?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,Selling medicinal marijuana outside the confines of an approved shop is still illegal.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Randy tries to fit his balls through the door, grunting and murmuring from time to time, but they're just too damn big. He props them up so that he can shove them in with his ass, but they still won't go through"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,Look I'm startin' to feel kind of stupid; can I please get high?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Billy Miller's cellar, day. As Billy's boys move the KFC around this basement warehouse, Billy is talking to Cartman"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"What, are you crazy Eric?! Making a deal with the Colonel for ten thousand more boxes?! I can't move that much chicken!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[munching on a breast from a bucket] Will you relax, Billy? It's fine!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"...Fine? I'm not making any money here! I'm losing it! I have to pay for more security, I got the cops up my ass, and I have to pay for all these orders to cut the chicken for distribution!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[munching on a drumstick, his back to Billy] Billy, Billy, we've gotta be thinking bigger here! It's time to expand!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"How can I expand when thirty-six percent of our product is going to you?! Get out there and sell the chicken or get lost! You've forgotten who the boss of this operation is, Eric!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"...Yeah welll, you're not gonna be around a lot longer."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,What is that supposed to mean?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,I... [turns around to face Billy] told your mom you got an F on that social studies test.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,[suddenly vulnerable] You wouldn't do that.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Does a bear crap in the woods? And does the Pope crap on the broken lives and dreams of two hundred deaf boys?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy's Mom,Billy?! Your father and I want to talk to you!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Bye bye Billy. [Billy leaves] Alright everyone listen up! I'm in charge now! Anybody got a problem with that? Alright, good."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Medicinal marijuana dispensary, day. The poker players are bouncing around the dispensary's parking lot in protest. The clerk, the mayor and her aides, and a small crowd are watching these men"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,What do we want?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Men,Bigger doors!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,Where do we want them?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Men,Weed stores!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,What do we want?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Men,Bigger doors!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,Where do we want them?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Men,Weed stores!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,"Look, I'm sorry, but the bill says I can't modify any existing structure."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Man 1,Well I guess we could change the law to allow for medicinal marijuana to be sold just outside the door of the shop.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Man 2,"Egah I don't know, maybe the rule should be somebody can buy the medicinal weed for others."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,"Look, can't we skip all this and just make pot legal? Everyone is just abusing this medicinal system anyway, it's ridiculous."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Man 3,What's ridiculous about it?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"[runs through the crowd] Hold on, hold people people, please! [stops] We are all forgetting what is really at issue here! Look around! These men all have cancer! It's no coincidence that when this building changed, the rise in cancer went up. Don't you see? The KFC was keeping people healthy!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Billy's basement, day. Cartman has squandered everything Billy has worked for by eating all the chicken."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Tough Boy 2,"Mr. Cartman, come on. We're supposed to be handling the business; you're eating too much of the stuff."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Shut up Kevin! I'm the boss, not you, buttlicker!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Tough Boy 3,"Eric, the Colonel is on the phone for you. He sounds pissed."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"What?! Oh, that's right, I forgot to- Dammit! Uh, okay. [leaves the throne] Put him on speaker."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,Hello. Hello??
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Colonel, how are you doing?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,What happened?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[rips the skin off a breast and lays it on the table] Oh, we had some problems, you know? Colonel? [takes out a credit card and starts mincing the skin as if it were crack cocaine, into lines of finely ground skin]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"Eric, what happened??"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,We had a little problem.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,I heard.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[snorts a line into his nose] Yeah? How'd, how'd you hear that?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"Because Jamie Oliver gave his speech at the UN today. He was not supposed to give that speech, Eric!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Hey that's okay, we'll get him next time."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,There's not going to be a next time you fucking dumb cocksucker!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Hey, take it easy Colonel."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,The Colonel,"I told you a long time ago, you fucking little monkey, not to fuck me!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[grabs the phone] Hey! Hey who the fuck do you think you're talking to, huh?! Huh?! [hears someone breaking in and looks over his shoulder] Oh crap! [five men pour into the basement and start firing their machine guns at the boys, who scatter and try to escape. Two more men jump into the basement. More men outside the house begin firing their weapons. The police arrive and begin firing at the attackers]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Barbrady,Freeze!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Henchman,"It's the cops! [Barbrady kills him. Another attacker is killed nearby. Cartman looks outside from the basement and begins his escape. Billy and his mom begin their escape as well, but through the front door]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy's Mom,"Run Billy, run! [a bullet kills her. Cartman leaves the basement and escapes]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Billy,"Mommy, no!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. The top city officials are there, including the Mayor and her aides, Sgt. Yates and Murphy, and Dr. Doctor. Officer Barbrady addresses the crowd"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Barbrady,"Last November, this town passed a bill that seemed silly to some. Since then we've had underground black markets, crime, death, and shootings. But now the bill has been repealed, and I am relieved to announce that once again, marijuana is illegal. [the crowd cheers, and Dr. Doctor takes the mic]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"And another bill has been repealed as well. Because ever since we got rid of KFC, we've seen a great rise in cancer. But today we welcome back KFC, and all the medical benefits it gives us. [the store has been renamed MFC - Medicinal Fried Chicken]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Well I got to admit, it's a lot easier to get in doors with my little prosthetic balls. [Sharon folds her arms and looks up and away angrily]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,Yeah. Great.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Aw, Sharon, don't be upset. The doctor made you a souvenir. [reaches into a bag and pulls out a flesh-colored winter coat. Sharon looks at it and grins instantly]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,"Randy, I love it! [puts it on and strikes a few poses]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,And when it gets cold it shrinks. [two women approach them]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Nelly's Mom,"Sharon, you got a scrotum coat?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,Yyyup!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Woman 5,Luckyyyyy!
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, day. Kyle is at his computer. Kenny's on his laptop on Kyle's bed while Cartman is on the Internet on his phone."
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,I've got more friends than Ky-yle! I've got more friends than Ky-yle!
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,How the hell do you have more friends than me?
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"'Cause people think I'm cool, dude."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"How many friends do you have, Kenny?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kenny,(Sixty two.)
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,What? How the hell do I only have thirty seven friends?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"[walks in] Aww, are you guys doing that stupid Facebook stuff again?"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,[retorts] Stupid Facebok stuff.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Why are you guys in here wasting your time? We're supposed to be out playing video games.
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Stan, you don't get how cool Facebook has become. You can message your friends, play Yahtzee with your friends, even start your own virtual farm and have your friends visit it."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Dude, who the hell wants to play Yahtzee?"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Stan, we know it's hard to get started, but we have a little surprise for you."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Yeah dude, we made you your own Facebook page. [smiles]"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,Surprise! [smiles]
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Noo, I told you guys I don't wanna be on Facebook!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Yeah, but now you can be friends with all of us!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kenny,(Yeah!)
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,I'm not collecting friends and I'm not building any farms! I don't wanna get sucked into this!
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Alright, fine dude, you don't have to add any friends. You can just be like Kip Drordy."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Who?
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Kip Drordy, the third grader? He's got nooo Facebook friends. [begins to gloat] And he's had a profile for more than six months."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Aww gee, that's... so sad. Everyone should have one Facebook friend."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"You guys are retarded, I'm playing Xbox. [turns around and walks out.]"
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,There's really people out there without a Facebook friend in the world? That's so wrong.
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kip Drordy's room, day. Kip sits there on his stool, a lonely figure with a misshapen head, looking at his monitor, hoping for a friend to finally appear on his Facebook page. ""You have 0 friends."" He looks away from the monitor and sighs, wiping a tear from his nose. A small pop-up window appears. Kip looks at it, then startles himself. He gets to his keyboard and reads the window: ""Kyle Broflovski has added you as a friend."" He rubs his eyes in disbelief and looks again. ""Confirm Kyle as your friend?"" He moves the cursor down to the ""Confirm"" button and clicks on it. Now his page reads ""You have 1 friends."""
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"[getting excited] Ahhhhh. [gets off his stool and runs around the room] Haaa! Haaaaaaaaaa! Yeah! [opens the door, runs out of his room and down the stairs and into the kitchen]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kitchen, day."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Mom, Dad! I made a friend today!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"Kip, really?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,You did?
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,Yeah!! [jumps for joy]
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,"Huh son, that's wonderful."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,What's his name?
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Kyle Broflovski! He's a student, and his interests include video games and reading."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"Oh, is he a nice boy?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Oh, he's the best, Mom! He has a green hat, and he wants the world to stop talking about ninjas. Oh! I need to tell him what I'm currently thinking about! What am I currently thinking about?! [runs back to his room]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The Marsh dining room, evening. Stan is at the table doing homework. Randy pops in from the kitchen."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"Hey Stan, I was on my computer at work and saw that you have a Facebook page now?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Yeah, Dad, I was kinda forced to."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,Well sooo... are you gonna add me as a friend?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"[looks over his shoulder] No- Dad, I I really don't wanna get more into it."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"...Oh okay. [walks away, but returns a few seconds later] So I'm, I'm not your friend then?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"...Dad, you are my friend."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"...But you just don't wanna, add me, as a friend?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Dad, it's just a stupid click of a button, it takes two seconds!"
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"Right, but you don't have... the two seconds orrr?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,I just wanna do my homework!
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"Alright, fine. [walks away again. Stan puts his face in his left palm, then gets back to homework. Randy returns...] Just to be clear, you and I are not... friends?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Alright, Dad, I'll add you!"
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,Oh cool! Okay. [walks away]
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The Drordy house, night. The parents are watching TV from their sofa. Kip runs in."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Mom, Dad, my best friend Kyle? He went to the dentist yesterday, and got two fillings! And today he's wondering if Hurt Locker really deserved the Oscar!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"That's great, Kip!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,Yeah! [runs off]
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,They sure are getting to know each other.
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,It's amazing! You know Kip spent the morning at the boy's farm?
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,His friend lives on a farm?
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, night. He's at his computer working on his farm - in Farmville."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"I think I'll add some more... pigs. [done] Oh, maybe I should put in another field of corn there. [moves his avatar to his corn fields and adds one] There we go. Nice. [a click and a small whoosh are heard, and Kyle looks at his screen. ""You have 29 friends""] Twenty nine? No, I have thirty friends. [a click and a small whoosh are heard. ""You have 28 friends."" More of these sounds are heard as Kyle's friend count drops] Hey what the hell is-? Oh no! Oh shit! [Kyle does what he can, but keeps losing friends]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Stan is at his locker switching books. Wendy walks up behind him."
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,Am I a joke to you?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"[stops moving, then turns around] What?"
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"I just wanna know, is that all I am? A big joke?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"...Um, no?"
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"You DO have a Facebook page, Stan!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Oh Goddamnit no! I just got that because Kyle-
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"Yeah well I saw your page, Stan! Relationship status? Single?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Relationship stat- I didn't even pay any attention to that-
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"You like being single, Stan? So that you could Facebook to find other girls?! According to your Facebook page, [crosses her arms] we aren't friends!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Alright, I'll add you as a friend. I'm sorry."
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"And you'd BETTER change your relationship status to ""In a relationship""!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,How?
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"By editing your profile under ""basic information""!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Okay, I'm sorry!"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. He's at his computer editing his profile."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"""Edit profile. Basic... settings"" Jesus Christ!"
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,Stan? Why won't you be friends with Grandma?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"...Aw. Dad, I just really don't wanna pay attention to this thing!"
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,Grandma is in the hospital! And you won't even be friends with her!
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Alright, Dad, I'll add Grandma as a friend."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"That's better. Oh, and I sent you a funny picture and you didn't respond to it. [walks away]"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Dude, fuck Facebook! Seriously! [an update pops up] What the hell is this?! Podcast?"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"[in a video podcast] Welcome to Cartman's Incredible Podcast! [Mad Friends podcast. Cartman sits behind a Mad Friends desk. At the bottom of the screen are two tickers. The upper one shows changes in friend stocks, the lower one shows Facebook updates] Hello fellow Facebookers, I'm here to do one thing: get you more friends! [rings a bell and leaves his chair] Looking around Facebook today we see that since adding loser Kip Drordy as a friend, Kyle Broflovski's stock is plummeting! He had 55 friends just two days ago, he's down to just 11 this morning. Run to your Facebook account and delete Kyle from your friend list because he is poison and I don't see him making a comeback any time soon. [presses a big red button, which produces a shotgun blast] You're gonna want to dump Kyle and if at all possible add Clyde Donovan. Why? [shows a birthday cake] Birthday! That's right, Clyde has a birthday coming up and his mom is taking everyone to Casa Bonita. [presses a button that produces the sound of a whistle] If you don't have Clyde as a friend, you're gonna want to add him, because Clyde's numbers are about to go way up! And now, Word On The Street. [cranks up a player that repeats ""Word On The Street""] The rumors are now becoming more than that; Jimmy and Bebe have agreed to share their friends. That's right. Looks like we're about to have a merger [presses a robot that says ""MERGER""] So if you're a friend of Jimmy's you're about to luck into about 90 chick friends, and as we all know, chick friends are worth almost triple what dude friends are. That's all the time I have for today. Remember, update that profile, and steer clear of Kyle!"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The Marsh living room, nighttime. A knock is heard at the front door and Stan walks to the door and opens it. It's raining outside and Kyle is on the steps. He sniffles."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,Can I come in?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Sure dude. [Kyle enters, still sniffling] Dude, what's the matter?"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kyle turns to face his friend, tears in his eyes."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,I... don't... have... any... friends...
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,What?
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"I mean, I do, but, well, ever since I became friends with that Kip Drordy kid, a bunch of my other friends have started ignoring me. It would be fine except for my farm is starting to shrink. I know that I should just dump Kip as a friend, but that's such a terrible thing to do and, I'm sorry I'm just so confused I... I really need a friend right now."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Okay dude, I'm I'm here for you."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"'K, so then get on Facebook and fertilize my crops?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,NO!
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,Pleahehese! My farm hasn't expanded in three days!
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Dude, I've already had to become friends with all of Wendy's frends and my grandma's friends! I do NOT want to start doing all the farming stuff too! I'm not getting sucked into that!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"[rushes up to Stan, falls on his knees, and grabs the lower part of his friend's jacket] You don't get sucked into it! You don't get sucked in at all! Plehehehehehease!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"[frustrated] Ah, fuck."
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Stan's room, moments later. Stan is at his computer while Kyle watches on his phone."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Okay it says I'm at your farm.
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"'Kay, so now just click on the little soil button... [Stan does so] and then maybe put a sign up to comment on my farm... [Stan does so] Okay, now I can read the sign you put up..."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"'Kay, it says you and I are now very good friends."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Yeah. We're very good friends. We're very good friends, Stan!"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The Drordy house, day. The family is in the kitchen. Kip and his father are at the table eating while his mom is in the kitchen proper serving herself."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,"So Kip, you spend more time with your buddy Kyle today?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Oh yeah Dad, we've been havin' the best time! I showed him all the pictures of me and that silly Halloween costume last year."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"[joins the boys at the table] Oh, what'd he say about those?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,He laughed out loud. And then he was rollin' on the floor laughin'!
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,Sounds like you boys had a ball!
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Mom, Dad, I'm all done. Can I go hang out with Kyle and tell him all about what I had for dinner?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,"Well it's a little late, but it is Friday."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"I think the more time you spend with your little friend, the better."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Wow, thanks! [runs out of the kitchen]"
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"Have fun and be safe! [Kip runs through the living room and upstairs, then enters his own room]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kip's room, night. Kip runs to his computer and gets onto Facebook. He begins to type."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip,"Ate a pork chop for dinner. Had nice apple sauce too. [clicks on Share, and there's his status. He waits for a reply, from 7:20 to... 8:30. He gets a reply: Kyle likes the post] Hahaa haha! Yeah! [gets off his chair and dances around] Yeah, yeah, yeah!"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Stan exits a Comic store with some comic books and turns right, only to stop when he sees Wendy."
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"""I think you look cute in your bunny costume."""
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,What?
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,"""I think you look cute in your bunny costume."" What is that supposed to mean?!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,...I have no idea.
You Have 0 Friends,Wendy,That's what Susan92 wrote on your Facebook wall! You give girls pictures of you in bunny outfits?! Fuck you! [walks off angrily]
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,[turns to see her walk off] Susan92 is a friend of my grandma's and she's 92 years old! [turns around and continues on his way. He walks by an electronics store]
You Have 0 Friends,Man 1,"[standing in the doorway with a cigarette in his left hand] Oh hey Stan, I'm your friend Brian through your uncle Jimbo? Hey I commented on your status but I haven't heard back from you. Could you give me a poke sometime soon?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Fine! [continues walking, but a car pulls up next to him.]"
You Have 0 Friends,Man 2,"Hey kid, how come you ignored my friend request?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,[looks at him like he's crazy] I don't know you!
You Have 0 Friends,Man 2,"Yeah, well I'm just a guy that gets ignored, I guess! [spits on Stan and drives off, Stan begins to shake in anger]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Stan's computer, later. He's looking at his Facebook page, still steaming from his encounters outside Comic Factory. ""You have 845,000 friends""."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,Stan? Grandma said she poked you and you haven't sent a poke back.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"...Dad, I didn't even wanna do th-"
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"Stan, poke your grandma!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"[squeezes his eyes shut and stays still for a moment] No. NO! Screw this! You know what? ""Edit Profile > Update Profile."" There! ""Delete Profile""! [reads the popup] ""You have requested to delete your Facebook profile. If this is an error, hit Cancel"" Proceed! [presses ""Proceed,"" then reads the next popup.] ""Delete yor profile, are you sure? Yes. No."" Yes! ""Are you totally sure?"" Yes! [clicks on it and his screen goes black. A blinking amber cursor appears]"
You Have 0 Friends,Computer voice,"[the following words appear onscreen] I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Stan Marsh."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,You can't let me do that? What are you talking about? [his monitor has a built-in Webcam]
You Have 0 Friends,Computer voice,I'm gonna have to put you on the game grid.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Delete Profile! ""Are you totally sure? Yes or-"" Yes! Goddamnit yes! Delete! Delete delete! [the webcam lights up and shoots a laser at Stan's forehead, knocking him back on his chair. It then sets up boxes of energy around his body] Hey Dad? [the camera begins scanning him in bit by bit, pixel by pixel] Dad? [He disappeared from his chair and he transported through the webcam. He soon appears on a virtual floor after traveling down some tunnels] Oh dude, what the fuck? [Neon lights appear all over]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,Inside the game grid. Three guards approach him.
You Have 0 Friends,Guard 1,"Alright get moving, Profile."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Profile? I'm not a profile.
You Have 0 Friends,Guard 1,Ignore. [shocks him with an electric prod.]
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,AAH. [The guards escort Stan away]
You Have 0 Friends,Profile 1,Tom Davis says hello to Linda Green's profile.
You Have 0 Friends,Profile 2,Linda Davis likes how Tom Davis has changed his status.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Excuse me, my name is-"
You Have 0 Friends,Profile 3,Ignore.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Eh hey, could you tell me how I-"
You Have 0 Friends,Profile 4,Ignore.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,[realizes where he is] Aw Goddamnit I got sucked into Facebook!
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Mad Friends, which is being broadcast from Cartman's basement. Kyle has made it onto Cartman's podcast."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,I don't know what to do. I just can't seem to get my friend numbers to go up. I'm desperate. That's why I came to you.
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"You're very smart, Kyle. But the truth is, as long as you have that Kip Drordy loser as a Facebook friend, people view your friendship as a liability. You gotta dump him."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"I can't do that, I'd just feel too bad."
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Well Kyle, then what you have to do is go outside the normal circles and try to make friends with people who've never heard of Kip."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,I've been trying! But I just don't know how to make totally new friends on the Internet.
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"It's not as hard as it sounds, Kyle. Have you ever heard of chatroulette?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,No. What's chatroulette?
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, later. Cartman is at his computer while Kyle sits on a chair looking on."
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Yep, finding new friends is easier today than ever before. We just set ourselves up on webcam, and then the computer will randomly put us with one of the fifty thousand people online also doing chatroulette."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Hey, uh that's, that's kinda cool."
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Uh huh. Alright, let's see who our first chat partner is. Connect."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"[a look of disgust comes over him] Aww, that's some dude jacking off! [turns away quickly]"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Oh yeah, you get those sometimes. We'll just click to the next person. There we go. Hello?"
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,That's just a guy's penis too!
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Okay let's, let's try this one."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"[turns away quickly] Dude, I don't wanna see a bunch of guys' penises!"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Hold on, Kyle! This is seriously an amazing gathering place where people from all over the world can share their thoughts and ideas. [goes onto the next person] Okay, that's a dude jacking off, but... 'Kay, dude jacking off... Penis... Penis... Penis penis penis. Ah! Here's a guy! Hey dude, how's it going?"
You Have 0 Friends,Dude,[waves] Hey.
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,This is my friend Kyle. He's looking for some new friends.
You Have 0 Friends,Dude,"Oh yeah? [leaves his chair and goes to the other end of his room, turns around, unzips his pants]"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Ohh, he's taking out his penis. Okay, next guy..."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Dude, screw this! I don't wanna see anymore!"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Kyle, this is the way the world works! If you wanna find some quality friends, you've gotta wade through all the dicks first!"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,The game grid. Stan walks around.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Excuse me. Could you tell me what the hell's going on?
You Have 0 Friends,Tom Davis,"No, you aren't my friend. Would you like to be my friend?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"No, I seriously don't want any more friends."
You Have 0 Friends,Tom Davis,"Ignore. [turns to talk to another profile] So anyway, I really like taking long walks in the summer, you know, because there's like"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Okay I'll be your friend.
You Have 0 Friends,Tom Davis,"[turns back to Stan] Confirm. [both of them feel a surge of energy in their game suits, shown by the suits lighting up, then it disappears] Oooo, Tom Davis is thrilled to have become powerful by adding a new friend. Here are some pictures of my dog. And here he is in some silly outfits. Can you comment on these?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Awww!
You Have 0 Friends,Guard,"[comes up behind Stan] Move it, profile!"
You Have 0 Friends,Tom Davis,Oh oh.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Why oh oh?
You Have 0 Friends,Profile 5,They're taking him to the gaming arena.
You Have 0 Friends,Tom Davis,"Looks like I'm gonna be down a friend. [the guards escort Stan to the arena, shocking him once in a while. Another profile appears next to him]"
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,"You are about to face each other in combat! You will play the game for the amusement of the users! [the arena is activated and Stan and the other profile are sent in] Let the game commence! [they face each other and virtual bikes pop up under them, lifting them off the floor. The bikes are replaced with a table and two stools and a guard brings a game of Yahtzee to the table.]"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Yahtzee?
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,"One round only! Begin! [the opposing profile rolls first, leaves a pair of 3s and scoops up three dice, rolls again]"
You Have 0 Friends,Profile 6,"Uhhh, I'm gonna count five in my five box."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Can't we play on speeder bikes or something?
You Have 0 Friends,Guard,"[shocks him] Play, profile!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,[rolls and gets five 4s] Yahtzee. [the other profile gasps and vanishes in a fair bit of pain]
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, later. Cartman is still clicking through chatroulette chatters."
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,Dude jacking off... Dude jacking off... [coughs to clear his throat] That's a dude jacking off...
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"That's it Cartman, I'm outta here! [walks to the bedroom door] Chatroulette is no way for me to find new friends! [about to open the door]"
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Waitwait wait wait, wait Kyle! [Kyle turns and goes back to Cartman's desk.] Here's a nice little Jewish kid. Hey, hi there."
You Have 0 Friends,Boy,Hello.
You Have 0 Friends,Cartman,"Yeah hey, nice to meet you. My friend Kyle is a Jew too."
You Have 0 Friends,Boy,Oh that's cool. I was startin' to think this was nothin' but dudes jackin' off.
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Hey, so... do you wanna be Facebook friends?"
You Have 0 Friends,Boy,"Uhh, sure. If you'll come and visit my farm."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,Heck yeah I'll visit your farm! You should check mine out too!
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The Drordy house, day, kitchen. Mr. Drordy reads The World News, Mrs. Drordy is drying dishes."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's dad,"Honey, where's Kip? I haven't seen him all day."
You Have 0 Friends,Kip's mom,"No, he's been out spending the whole day with his best friend Kyle. I think they're at the movies now."
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The Bijou. Kip is in the audience enjoying the hell out of himself. He's watching a 3D movie with everyone else, as they're all wearing 3D glasses. He spills some popcorn onto an open laptop he brought with him. Kyle's Facebook page appears on the laptop screen. Kip takes out a camera and snaps a shot of himself and his laptop"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,[The gaming arena. The referee is angry...]
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,Troublemaker! You were not supposed to survive the game of Yahtzee! You have made things complicated!
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,I've made them complicated?! I don't even wanna be here!
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,That's not what your profile said.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,My profile? Goddamnit my Facebook profile has taken on a life of its own! Where is it?!
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,Your profile is one of the most powerful in all of Facebook. You cannot stop it now.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Oh yeah? I can try! [turns around and walks through a wall]
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,After him!
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,Kyle's Facebook page. Kyle is working on his farm again.
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Okay, I fed the pigs. Now I definitely should water some fields... Oh wow, cool. That Jewish kid put up a sign on my farm. ""Hey Kyle, really like your farm."" Oh awesome! [a new sound is heard] What the hell is that? Stan? [Stan appears on Kyle's farm and walks to the middle of the screen]"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"You're an asshole, Kyle!"
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,[perplexed] ...What?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,What's the one thing I told you?! That I didn't wanna get sucked into Facebook! This is all your fault!
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"[looks around making sure the coast is clear] Dude, w-what are you doing?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,What's it look like I'm doing?! I found your farm in Facebook so you can help me deal with this bullshit! You've gotta go check out my profile status!
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,Profile status?
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Just bring up my Facebook page and see what it says my status is!
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Well, Stan I have to harvest my crops before it's too late."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,DUDE! Fuck your crops! [walks up to Kyle's corn and starts ripping the stalks up]
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,Dude! Dude okay! S-Stop! I'm sorry! [pulls up Stan's status] Says that you are currently... hosting an online chat party for all your friends.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Where?
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,Café World.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Son of a bitch! [runs back to the barn he came out of]
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"An online chat party for all his friends... Dude, I should get over there!"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Café World. Stan approaches the entrance, which has a sign next to it: ""Friends of Stan Marsh Online Chat Party"". He enters and is overwhelmed by the number of people in the café."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Jesus Christ.
You Have 0 Friends,Randy's profile,Randy Marsh is at work right now. Work is boring.
You Have 0 Friends,Butters' profile,Butters Stotch is enjoying Stan's chat party.
You Have 0 Friends,Garrison's profile,Herbert Garrison likes Butters' comment.
You Have 0 Friends,Grandma Marsh's profile,Grandma Marsh would like to be friends with Kevin Donahue.
You Have 0 Friends,Kevin Donahue's profile,Kevin Donahue accept's Grandma Marsh's friendship.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Has anybody seen my stupid profile?!
You Have 0 Friends,Susan92's profile,Susan92 has pictures of Stan in a bunny costume.
You Have 0 Friends,Gary Johnson's profile,Gary Johnson thinks the pictures are fantastic!
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Wow, there's a lot of profiles here. Kyle Broflovski's amazed Stan has so many Facebook friends. Hey, Kyle Broflovski's amazed Isiah is also a Facebook friend of Stan's."
You Have 0 Friends,Isiah,Isiah's order is on leaving Kyle Broflovski as a friend.
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,What? Why?
You Have 0 Friends,Isiah,"User saw you were friends with Kip Drordy, who only has one friend. Kyle Broflovski is bad friend stock."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Oh n-no, I'm not really friends with him."
You Have 0 Friends,Isiah,Ignore.
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"Unh, that does it!"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Alright alright, enough! Everybody just SHUT UP! [everyone shuts up and looks at him] Where is profile Stan Marsh?! [the room begins to rumble]"
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,[rising from the ground] Right here.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Uh-oh...
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, night. Kyle is at his desk thinking about how to break the news to Kip."
You Have 0 Friends,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Kip, but I really can't be your friend anymore. It was a great ride, but I must say goodbye. This is the hardest thing I've ever had to do, but ending a friendship... is never easy. [moves the cursor to the Send button and clicks it. With the message sent, Kyle moves the cursor to the left side of the screen and selects ""Remove from Friends,"" and clicks that. A popup window shows up: ""Kip Drordy - Remove from Friends?"" He clicks on ""Remove from Friends"" and Facebook tells him his friend is removed.]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kip's room, night. He's at his computer typing along happily when he sees Kyle's message. He's disheartened. Kyle disappears from his friend list and he's back down to 0 friends. Kip leaves his stool and walks over to a wall on which he has a large picture of Kyle. He takes the picture down and returns to his stool, and sighs."
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"The gaming arena. Stan and his profile face off. His profile is ten times bigger than Stan himself is, towering over him."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"What do you want from me, dude?!"
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,"I'm your profile, and as you can see, I am much more powerful than you."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Damnit I should have deleted you a long time ago!
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,[gets down on one knee to Stan's eye level] Why do you think I brought you in here? The fact of the matter is I'm up and running now with almost a million friends. I don't need you anymore. I have more friends than you'll ever have in the real world.
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Who cares? Friends shouldn't be some kind of... commodity for a person's status!
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,Who is more powerful? The user or the profile? Let's end this once and for all. [the Yahtzee platform appears under them]
You Have 0 Friends,Referee,"Let the final battle begin! [the crowd drops down, or the platform rises. Hard to tell. The table and two stools appear and a guard brings the Yahtzee board game over]"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Fuckin' Yahtzee again? Seriously? [his giant profile takes a seat and rolls the dice]
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,"What did I tell you?! That's a large flush already! You don't have a chance in here, user! You pathetic little-"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Yahtzee.
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,What?!
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,Yahtzee. Sixes.
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,No. Can't be.
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,Yahtzee!
You Have 0 Friends,Profile Stan Marsh,"No! Ahhhhh! [vanishes in a fair bit of pain. After some silence, Stan disappears from the arena and is reassembled back on his chair at home]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Stan's room, moments later."
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Awgh! [catches his breath. With his profile destroyed, Stan sees that he has 0 friends.] Oh thank God."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"Hey Stan, my computer says we're not friends anymore?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"My Facebook profile went rogue, Dad. I had to go into the circuitry and do battle with it. I sent all my friends somewhere else."
You Have 0 Friends,Randy,"Oh okay. So we're, we're not friends, then?"
You Have 0 Friends,Stan,"Fuck off, Dad. [turns off the monitor and leaves his desk.]"
You Have 0 Friends,Scene Description,"Kip's room, night. Kip is waiting by his computer for a friend, any friend, to appear and become his friend. A sound is heard and all of a sudden Kip has a lot of friends - 845,323 of them - and he's shocked. Then he gets excited all over again. He dances and jumps on his stool."
200,Scene Description,"At fudge factory for a field trip, A tour guide shows Mr. Garrison's class around the factory"
200,Tour Guide,"Our factory works 24/7 to produce candy, and we have over 500 employees. Here you can see where the cocoa is mixed with the sugar and milk."
200,Cartman,"Wow, coo'... [snaps a picture] Chocolate rules!"
200,Kyle,"You should know, fatass."
200,Cartman,"AY! I'm not fat, you sneaky Jew!"
200,Stan,"Oh God, you guys, really? This again? [the students all move to the next spot in the tour]"
200,Tour Guide,And here is where all the fudge is put into boxes to be shipped all over the world.
200,Kyle,Kinda like Cartman's dad shipped out on him.
200,Cartman,"I have a dad, butthole. My mom is my dad."
200,Stan,"You guys, stop! All you're doing is rehashing a bunch of old stuff! [everyone moves on except Butters, who spots something]"
200,Butters,"Hey, Stan, isn't that Tom Cruise?"
200,Stan,"Huh? [Tom Cruise is packing fudge into boxes with a hat pulled low over his face] Oh, wow it is! Hey, guys, check it out. Tom Cruise is a fudge packer!"
200,Tom Cruise,What did you call me?
200,Cartman,"Hey, that is Tom Cruise! [snaps a picture]"
200,Butters,"How come you're packin' fudge, Mr. Cruise?"
200,Tom Cruise,I'm not a fudge packer!
200,Kyle,"Dude, you don't have to be ashamed or anything."
200,Tom Cruise,But I'm not a fudge packer! [packs a block of fudge into a box]
200,Stan,Then why are you packing fudge?
200,Tom Cruise,I'm not. I am a very busy actor who is trying to get away for a week and do some fly fishing! [pushes more fudge into boxes]
200,Stan,"Dude, you are in a fudge factory packing fudge."
200,Tom Cruise,"Oh, that does it. I will SUE you!"
200,Stan,For what?
200,Tom Cruise,You can't just call somebody a fudge packer and get away with it! [Mr. Garrison walks over]
200,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, is that fudge packer Tom Cruise?"
200,Tom Cruise,That's it! [throws his hat away] I'm suing this entire intolerant town!
200,Stan,"But, dude-"
200,Tom Cruise,"No buts! If you want to accuse somebody of being a fudgepacker, you're gonna pay the consequences!"
200,Scene Description,"At Tom Cruise's mountain lodge, a big crowd of celebrities has gathered."
200,Tom Cruise,"Guys, I want to really thank you all for coming. Shockingly, I've just been slandered once again in the town of South Park, something I know you can all relate to. [all celebrities nod and agree]"
200,Tiger Woods,That town just seems to be a hotbed of hatred and lies!
200,Bono,I'm fed up with it. That town suggested that I was made of shit!
200,Tom Cruise,"Yeah, well, I was just over there doing a little fly fishing and this little boy walks up and calls me a fudge packer! [The celebrities all are shocked and appealed] I know, right? And then other kids in the town and their teacher start joining in. [Sally Struthers is taking up the whole couch, except for the small place of an annoyed Mickey Mouse.]"
200,Sally Struthers,"South Park, Colorado, is the most racist, insensitive, and bigoted place in this country! [George Lucas holding onto a ball-gagged Indiana Jones]"
200,George Lucas,That town thinks they can say whatever they want about people and get away with it!
200,Paris Hilton,"If anyone has a gripe against that shithole, it's me! [coughs up some semen, then rubs it on John Travolta's crotch]"
200,Tom Cruise,"Yeah, well, I say enough. All of us together can put a stop to that slander coming from that town once and for all! No longer will they make snide remarks about whoever they want."
200,All Celebrities,YEAH!
200,Jared Fogle,"Hey, Tom, I ate too much Subway. Where's your bathroom?"
200,Tom Cruise,"Oh, just the door down the hall there, Jared. [Jared opens the door to find a closet] No, no, no, that's a closet. Go down more. [Jared opens another door, which is also a closet.] No, that's a closet too. [Jared opens a door, and once again it is a closet] Nope, Jared, that's a closet too. [Jared opens another door, it is another closet] No. [Jared opens two more doors, both closets] That's a closet... No that- that's a closet too."
200,Scene Description,"At South Park Elementary, Mr. Garrison's class."
200,Principal Victoria,"[over the PA system] Stan Marsh to the principal's office. Stan Marsh, come to the principal's office immediately!"
200,Kyle,"Dude, what did you do?"
200,Stan,I have no idea...
200,Scene Description,"Walks into Victoria's office to discover his parents, the mayor, the counselor, Kyle's parents, and the police"
200,Randy,"You just had to push it, didn't you, Stan? You just had to make fun of Tom Cruise again!"
200,Principal Victoria,Did you call him a fudge packer?
200,Stan,Aww... he was packing fudge!
200,Mayor,"Little boy, you don't understand how serious this is. Tom Cruise has put together a class-action lawsuit, along with 200 other celebrities!"
200,Mr. Mackey,"They are going to sue the bejezzus out of this entire town, m'kay!"
200,Stan,"It wasn't just me. Other kids called him a fudge packer, even Mr. Gar-"
200,Principal Victoria,"But you started it. Mr. Broflovski, tell him what you told us."
200,Gerald,"Stan, a class-action lawsuit means the end of this town. We can't possibly go up against their lawyers!"
200,Sgt. Yates,"Dammit, Marsh, why couldn't you have just kept your stupid ugly kid in line?!"
200,Randy,"Hey, don't start blaming me for his looks!"
200,Scene Description,"Back at the fudge factory, Tom Cruise is busy packing fudge as Stan and Randy stand behind him. Stan has taken off his hat and looks at the floor guiltily."
200,Randy,"Mr. Cruise, my son is so, so sorry, and he would do anything to take back his hurtful comments."
200,Tom Cruise,That's nice! [punches the button to take away fudge he just packed] I'm still suing you all! Nobody calls me a fudge packer! [pushes fudge into a box]
200,Randy,"Yes, it was a terrible mistake. But maybe you could see how, since you do... take fudge and... pack it into a box... [Tom Cruise turns around]"
200,Tom Cruise,WHAT?
200,Randy,"We-, I-I'm just saying that you are employed currently as a person who... packages..."
200,Tom Cruise,I am an actor. I do not pack fudge! [turns around and throws a piece of fudge into a box angrily]
200,Randy,"Right, my son just got confused. Because you have a little uniform, and a... hat that says ""Fred's Fudge and Candies""... and you are... Look it doesn't matter. Just please withdraw the class-action lawsuit. Nobody in our town will ever call you a fudge packer ever again. [Tom Cruise sighs and backs away from his fudge packing station]"
200,Tom Cruise,"Well, there is... one thing that your town could do to... maybe make me forget about this lawsuit."
200,Randy,"ANYTHING! Anything you want, Mr. Cruise."
200,Tom Cruise,It's just that there's somebody that I have always wanted to meet... face to face. If you could get him to show up in your town-
200,Randy,Sure! Who is it? We can get anybody for you.
200,Tom Cruise,Muhammad. The prophet of the Muslim faith.
200,Stan,Ooooooo...
200,Randy,That's... tricky...
200,Tom Cruise,"Well, then you can just get sued! [Returns to packing fudge]"
200,Randy,"Mr. Cruise, if there is anybody else we could bring to town, we-"
200,Tom Cruise,No! Just him. You get Muhammad to appear or your little town is DONE!
200,Scene Description,"South Park Town Meeting Hall. Angry chatter is heard while Randy is speaking to the audience, with Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, Mayor and her aides sitting on chairs beside him."
200,Randy,"Okay, people, I know, I know. But he will get the other celebrities to withdraw their lawsuit if we just... get Muhammad to appear in South Park."
200,Mr. Garrison,"Are you nuts? If Muhammad appears in South Park, we get bombed! [audience shouts in agreement]"
200,Stephen,Now we don't know that. Maybe enough time has passed that it is now OKAY to show Muhammad.
200,Kyle,"[to Token] Dude, I can't believe we are dealing with this Muhammad thing again."
200,Mr. Mackey,"But even if it were safe for Muhammad to be shown, how would we ever find him?"
200,Sgt. Yates,"Yeah, showing an image of him is completely off limits and censored, so nobody has seen what Muhammad looks like. [shows the whole audience. Stan in the middle raises his hand]"
200,Stan,I saw him once. [everyone turns towards Stan]
200,McDaniels,[steps forward] You did?
200,Stan,"Yeah, one time, my friends joined David Blaine's cult, and I had to go to the Super Best Friends to rescue them, and Muhammad was one of the Super Best Friends."
200,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, and what- he was just out in the open where everybody could see him and nobody got bombed?"
200,Stan,"No, dude, it was totally fine."
200,Sgt. Yates,Muhammad showed up and there was no violence at all?
200,Stan,"Well, a giant John Wilkes Booth shot Abraham Lincoln..."
200,Randy,"Alright, Stan, that's enough. Jesus, can't learn to shut up, can you? Now look, I believe we CAN find Muhammad. I have done a lot of research and I have completed a sketch of what Muhammad might look like today. [holds up a file and begins to open it]"
200,Mr. Garrison,"No, don't! [Randy holds it up to reveal a poorly drawn stick figure] Is that okay to show?"
200,Jimbo,I don't know. I guess we'll see.
200,Scene Description,Tom Cruise's Lodge
200,Hillary Clinton,"Tom, what is up with this Muhammad thing? It doesn't make sense!"
200,Jesse Jackson,"Yeah, you said we were just suing South Park."
200,Tom Cruise,"No, I said we were going to use South Park to make sure we never got ripped on again. Look, people, all of us get ridiculed, but who is the one person on this earth who is completely free from slander?"
200,Oprah Winfrey,You want Muhammad because he can't be ridiculed?
200,Tom Cruise,"Muhammad has a power that makes him impervious to being made fun of. What if we could harness that power? [moves over to Jimmy Buffet] Jimmy Buffet, how would you like it if nobody could ever call your music drunken frat boy monkey garbage?"
200,Jimmy Buffett,I... I'd love it!
200,Tom Cruise,"By taking what Muhammad has, we could all be safe from ridicule. [walks to the bar next to Tim Burton] Like Tim Burton here. Imagine it Tim; nobody could rip on you for all the rehashed movies you've made lately. There'd never be a TV show that pointed out that you have never had an original idea since Beetlejuice. And, you put Johnny Depp and all the same crappy music in every film. And if you're that in love with Johnny Depp, then you should just have sex with him already. A TV show could never say that!"
200,Tim Burton,"Gee, that'd be swell."
200,Tom Cruise,"Well it can be a reality. Once we have Muhammad, we can take that power from him. [Cartman walks in]"
200,Cartman,"Excuse me... [the celebrities turn around] This is the home of Tom Cruise, right?"
200,Tom Cruise,Hey! It's one of the boys from South Park who slandered me!
200,Cartman,I didn't come for myself. I just came as an escort for another celebrity who wants in on your lawsuit...
200,Michael Richards,"Who? [Cartman lifts up his hand and takes off his glove, revealing fake hair and painted on lips. It is Jennifer Lopez.]"
200,Jennifer Lopez,Alllloooo... [celebrities gasp]
200,Tom Cruise,Jennifer Lopez! [celebrities crowd around saying hellos to Jennifer]
200,Jennifer Lopez,"Yes, I am Hennifer Lopez, and I like tacos and burritos."
200,Scene Description,"Turns into the opening theme for the Super Best Friends Show. As religious figures pop onto the screen, the one to the left of the middle is blocked with a giant bar reading CENSORED"
200,Narrator,"In the great hall of the Super Best Friends, there are assembled the leaders of the world's greatest religions; Jesus! [Jesus smiles and hammers a wood board] Buddha! [Buddha pries apart the screen] Krishna! [Krishna snaps his fingers and becomes a beaver] Muhammad! [Muhammad is walking down a street, but he has been replaced with a giant bar reading CENSORED] Lao Tzu and Joseph Smith [Walking down a corridor like the opening of Scooby Doo] and... the mighty Semen! [The word ""Seaman"" appears on the screen, but he says semen]"
200,Seaman,"It's not semen, it's Seaman!"
200,Narrator,"[covering up a laugh] Their mission; right that which is wrong, and to serve all mankind."
200,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle are sitting at a table, surrounded by the Super Best Friends except for Muhammad."
200,Stan,"Jesus, all we are asking you to do is bring Muhammad to our town for like an hour."
200,Jesus,"My son, much has changed since you were last here. Muhammad cannot make public appearances."
200,Buddha,We simply cannot risk any violence from the Muslim people
200,Stan,"Awww, not you guys too... Jesus fucking Christ!"
200,Narrator,Back in the hall of the Super Best Friends...
200,Kyle,"Okay, will you let Muhammad come to South Park if we dress him like a pirate?"
200,Joseph Smith,"No, Muslims would still be angry if you showed his face."
200,Kyle,K... what if we cover his face with a paper bag?
200,Lao Tzu,"No, 'cause you would still be showing him walking around, that could be a-trouble."
200,Stan,Okay. A suit of armor? We just have Muhammad in a suit of armor so you can't see anything.
200,Jesus,But it's still Muhammad walking around in human form.
200,Kyle,"Aww, come on! This is ridiculous! [pounds hands on table]"
200,Joseph Smith,"Boys, you need to understand that people get very offended when Muhammad is mocked because he is a religious figure. [snorting noise, Buddha is snorting cocaine]"
200,Jesus,"Buddha, don't do coke in front of kids! [Kyle and Stan stare open mouthed for a second]"
200,Kyle,"A U-Haul. What if we bring Muhammad to South Park in the back of a U-Haul, and he just stays in there out of sight?"
200,Joseph Smith,But he's talking from the U-Haul?
200,Stan,"Well yeah, he's got to talk or nobody knows he's in there!"
200,Jesus,"Hearing his voice, I don't know. What do you think Moses? [Moses is floating over in the previously unseen corner]"
200,Moses,Um... would there be windows on the U-Haul?
200,Kyle,There doesn't have to be...
200,Moses,Um... I guess... I guess that would be okay.
200,Scene Description,"Tom Cruises Lodge, celebrities file into a large room which has a machine on the wall"
200,Tom Cruise,"Here it is friends. Once we have Muhammad, this machine will give us the power to not be made fun of."
200,Russel Crowe,"Tom, Tom, you're talkin' crazy, mate. Only Muhammad has that ability, how could we ever get it from him? [Rob Reiner walks in with a huge sandwich and handkerchief]"
200,Rob Reiner,"We take his goo! It's as simple as that friends. [takes a bite and wipes forehead, then walks over near Tom Cruise]"
200,Tom Cruise,Rob Reiner has been telling me about the goo that is inside every person on earth.
200,Rob Reiner,"Any goo can be harvested from a person's body, and easily placed into another. [wipes forehead, holds up his hand, but speaks to himself]"
200,Cartman,"Wait, wait, wait, you mean we aren't going to sue and get a bunch of money?"
200,Tom Cruise,"No Jen, we all have got enough money."
200,Jennifer Lopez,"Yes, who needs more money, we need to get Muhammad's goo! Yes, yes, ariva ariva!"
200,Cartman,"Uh, excuse us for a second... [walks away]"
200,Scene Description,Cartman enters an empty room and closes the door
200,Cartman,"Alright, just what the hell do you think you are doing?"
200,Jennifer Lopez,"What am I doing? Just having some fun, cholo!"
200,Cartman,"Cut the crap, I thought we were here for lawsuit money!"
200,Jennifer Lopez,"Just keep your mouth shut, and do what I tell you!"
200,Cartman,"If we are staying here, then I want to know what is going on. Don't forget, I know who you really are... [looks at his hand, then removes his hand's hairpiece] Mitch Conner."
200,Mitch Conner,"If you know what's good for you, you'll keep your mouth shut, kid."
200,Cartman,"You're a no-good swindler and a 2-bit thief. We were here for money, not goo!"
200,Mitch Conner,Think about it. Muhammad is the only person in the world who can't get ripped on. Those celebrities want his goo.
200,Cartman,"Yeah, so what?"
200,Mitch Conner,"You know what the goo is worth on the open market? Hell, I got people in Hong Kong who'll give me 50 mil for that goo."
200,Cartman,"So we let them take it from Muhammad, then we take it for ourselves."
200,Mitch Conner,You catch on quick kid... [knock at the door]
200,Tom Cruise,[from the other side of the door] Mrs. Lopez...
200,Mitch Conner,"Hurry, get my wig back on! [Tom opens the door]"
200,Tom Cruise,"Hey, I was just seeing if you needed some- Oh, god [scratches the back of his head guiltily] you found my fudge packing uniform..."
200,Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, your secret is safe with me, Tommy!"
200,Scene Description,"Outside South Park Town Hall, several townspeople are standing around"
200,Randy,"Boys, we are so sorry for doubting you. You really did bring us Muhammad."
200,Mayor,"Thank you so much for coming, Muhammad. [steps forward toward Muhammad, who is in a giant U-Haul]"
200,Muhammad,[in a small voice] Welcome.
200,Mr Garrison,"Oh, is that okay?"
200,Jimbo,I don't know.
200,Randy,"Alright, now we just need to figure out how to get Muhammad from the back of the truck into Tom Cruise's limo."
200,Stan,"What? No, Dad, we promised the Super Best Friends that Muhammad would stay in the truck."
200,Gerald,Cruise's lawyers were very specific boys. He's sending a limo for Muhammad to meet him outside of town.
200,Kyle,"But Muhammad can't be seen, Dad."
200,Sgt. Yates,"Alright, we'll put a sheet over him."
200,Stan,"No, you can't even show his feet."
200,Sheila,How about a Halloween costume with one of those plastic masks?
200,Mr. Garrison,"No, you could still see his eyes..."
200,Randy,"Okay. How 'bout like... like a big mascot outfit? One that covered him completely, head to toe, without even showing his eyes? [Mayor walks over to U-Haul and shouts inside]"
200,Mayor,"Muhammad, would that be okay?"
200,Muhammad,[still small voice] Okay.
200,Scene Description,Tom Cruise's Lodge
200,Hillary Clinton,"Tom, Rob, we've just received word from the lawyers. South Park is saying they have Muhammad for us! [celebrities gasp]"
200,Tom Cruise,"Rob, will the machine be ready?"
200,Rob Reiner,"Oh, it'll be ready! [hits buttons on the machine's control panel]"
200,Jennifer Lopez,[out of view] More tacos!
200,Jennifer Lopez,"[in-view, the celebrities all turn around to look] More tacos!"
200,Cartman,No! No more tacos Mrs. Lopez.
200,Jennifer Lopez,More tacos.
200,Cartman,You just had seven tacos.
200,Jennifer Lopez,I want more tacos! [Cartman gives a nervous laugh]
200,Cartman,I'm sorry [whisper] Why are you doing this?
200,Jennifer Lopez,"I am Jennifer Lopez, I need tacos to live!"
200,Cartman,"[whispering] You know goddamn well you are not Jennifer Lopez, so stop pissing me off! [Charlie Sheen steps forward]"
200,Charlie Sheen,"Mrs. Lopez, I can go. What do you want, like three tacos?"
200,Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, thank you 'harlie Sheeeeen. And maybe an enchirito too?"
200,Cartman,Aw- Jee-. They don't even make enchiritos anymore!
200,Jennifer Lopez,Yes they do!
200,Cartman,I tried getting one last week!
200,Jennifer Lopez,"Not all Taco Bells have enchiritos, but some still carry them."
200,Cartman,"God, will somebody shut her up?"
200,Scene Description,"South Park Town Square, several people still standing around when a limo pulls up"
200,Randy,"[facing away from view] Alright, the limo's here. Muhammad, thanks again for doing this. [A giant bear costume has been thrown over Muhammad]"
200,Mayor,"You've done this town a huge favor, Muhammad. [walks towards the limo]"
200,Mr. Garrison,[from a distance away] Hold on a second! [runs over to the mayor]
200,Mr. Garrison,"Stop! There's some extremists, threatening that if we give Muhammad to the celebrities, they're gonna bomb us!"
200,Mayor,What?!
200,Randy,"Aw. Aw, it's just a stupid threat! Come on, we don't wanna piss off Tom Cruise again. [starts walking to the limo]"
200,Scene Description,Jared Fogle and Phil Collins sit in the limo
200,Jared Fogle,"[On a walkie-talkie] Alright, we got him, Tom. [Everyone outside walks toward the limo, when it suddenly explodes]"
200,Stan,"Muhammad, are you okay? [Runs toward Muhammad and helps him up]"
200,Randy,What the hell was that?!
200,Sgt. Yates,"Obviously, the terrorists are for real! [notices a paper Garrison is holding] What does that paper say? [reads the paper aloud] We have placed bombs all over your city. You will give Muhammad to us. The celebrities want Muhammad for his power not to be ridiculed. We want that power... huzzah."
200,Stan,They want his power?
200,Kyle,What kind of extremists are these? [Yates looks over the note]
200,Sgt. Yates,You won't believe it...
200,Scene Description,"The Hilton hotel's party room, which is full of red headed people, or gingers."
200,Lead Ginger,"Our time is near! Soon, gingers will never be made fun of again!"
200,All Gingers,[in unison] Huzzah!
200,Scene Description,"Cartman walking down a street, keeping his hand away from himself. He has taken off Mitch Conner's fake hairpiece."
200,Mitch Conner,Where the hell do you think you're going?
200,Cartman,"I'm through with your stupid plans, Conner! I've got better things to do with my time. [Mitch goes in front of Cartman]"
200,Mitch Conner,You gonna walk away from 50 mil? [Cartman stops]
200,Cartman,Let me by...
200,Mitch Conner,"You walk away now, and you will regret it the rest of your life."
200,Cartman,Screw this Conner. [pushes his hand away and moves on] Find yourself another partner.
200,Mitch Conner,Then I guess I won't tell you about your father. [Cartman stops]
200,Cartman,My father...
200,Mitch Conner,"Thought that might get your attention. You know nothing about your dad, right?"
200,Cartman,"I know enough, my mother is a hermaphrodite, so she is actually my father."
200,Mitch Conner,"You really still believe that garbage? The people in your town sold you that line. Come on, you've had to have doubted it all along. [Cartman turns around to face Conner]"
200,Cartman,How could you know anything about who my family is?
200,Mitch Conner,"Heh. I know all about the swindles and schemes in this dead-end town. You got lied to, kid. By the people who were closest to you. I can prove it too, but I'm going to want something in return."
200,Cartman,"If you're making this up to keep me around Conner, the you'd better-"
200,Mitch,"You just take me where I tell you, and when you learn the truth, you will learn to trust me. And nobody else..."
200,Scene Description,"Chaos, people running around the street screaming"
200,Barbrady,"Okay, people, let's try to evacuate in an orderly fashion. Geez."
200,Scene Description,"Mayors Office, McDaniels is pacing while the police stand around her"
200,Sgt. Yates,"Mayor, we do not have the resources to deal with this situation! A full evacuation is impossible!"
200,Mayor,"Jesus, what are we supposed to do?!"
200,Jimbo,We have to give in to their demands.
200,McDaniels,"I'm sorry, Muhammad, but we are going to have to give you over the gingers."
200,Kyle,We can't give him over to the gingers!
200,Stan,"Yeah, we said we'd take care of him."
200,Gerald,But our homes and our lives are at stake.
200,Stan,We made a promise... to Jesus! [Randy steps forward]
200,Randy,"Stan, Jesus doesn't matter when Muhammad is involved. [phone rings, everyone turns to look at it]"
200,Jimbo,That'll be Tom Cruise... [Randy steps forward and slowly picks it up]
200,Randy,Helllo?
200,Tom Cruise,"Yeah, so whats going on?"
200,Randy,"Uh... I'm afraid we can't... well, we can't give Muhammad to you."
200,Tom Cruise,"What do you mean, you're not givin' him to us?!"
200,Randy,"There are these ginger fundamentalists saying that if we don't give Muhammad to them, they are going to bomb us."
200,Tom Cruise,Gingers?
200,Kanye West,"Gingers? Aww, hell no."
200,Randy,"Please, understand that we have no choice here Mr. Cruise."
200,Tom Cruise,"You're going to give Muhammad to gingers instead of us, just because they are threatening you with violence?"
200,Randy,"Well, yeah."
200,Tom Cruise,"Oh, we can play that game too! You want to see violence, well you got it! [throws the phone at the ground and walks away]"
200,Tom Cruise,"[pacing around and fuming] Goddamn stupid assholes! You want to play rough?! OK! Spielburg, go and get some automatic rifles! We'll go in there, and we're going to take [around here, he jumps up and down on the couch, shouting his idea, with Oprah on the other cushion] Muhammad by force! And then we are going to show them th- [Rob Reiner rushes up]"
200,Rob Reiner,"Tom, Tom. We can't be seen getting violent."
200,Hillary Clinton,"Yeah, that would kill all our careers!"
200,Tom Cruise,[still jumping up and down on the couch] But the only way we are going to get Muhammad from South Park now is by getting just as violent as the gingers!
200,Rob Reiner,"Fine, then let's have Her do it."
200,Tom Cruise,[stops jumping] Her who?
200,Rob Reiner,[whisper] You know... Her.
200,Tom Cruise,Oh right... [Whispers] Her.
200,Scene Description,"In the middle of nowhere, limos start pulling up and celebrities all walk up to a huge structure"
200,Rob Reiner,There she is Tom... Barbra Streisand.
200,Scene Description,"Zooms around Mecha-Streisand, showing her from every angle"
200,Robert Redford,"My God, she's even more terrifying than I remember."
200,Steven Spielberg,"Tom, Barbra Streisand hasn't been active for a long time. Are we sure we want to do this?"
200,Tom Cruise,Mrs. Streisand got torn apart in the town of South Park. She's probably more angry at that town than any of us.
200,Rob Reiner,"Power her up! Release the Kraken! [Mel Gibson pushes a button, then flips a switch, starting up Mecha-Streisand]"
200,Scene Description,"Mecha-Streisand opens up her eyes, the Diamond on her forehead lights up, and her claws and arm saw are flexed. The gates open and she steps out to meet the celebrities. The song Barbra, Barbra is played. She kneels down and lets out a screech."
200,Japanese Singer,"[Singing] Baabura, Baabura, ichi ban kirai na hito. (The number 1 hateful person.) Baabura, Baabura, hana ga ookii. (Her nose is big.)"
200,Rob Reiner,"[extremely casual voice] Hey Barbra. It's me, Rob Reiner. [Barbra kneels down and blows steam out of her nose, the celebrities shield their faces]"
200,Rob Reiner,"Listen, Babs, we are taking on the town of South Park and we really need your help"
200,Tom Cruise,"We figured you're pissed at South Park too, right Mrs. Streisand? [Barbra roars, turns around, and slashes the holding tower with her arm saw]"
200,Tom Cruise,"Oh, she's pissed all right."
200,Scene Description,"Someone's house, there is a knock at the door. The door opens, and Eric is standing outside."
200,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, what are you doing here?"
200,Cartman,"Did you all lie to me? All of you, in that room, when you told me my mother was my father?"
200,Mr. Garrison,"What? N-No Eric, are you still worried about that old issue, I mean-"
200,Cartman,I don't trust you. I want to talk to Mr. Hat.
200,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, I haven't used Mr. Hat in a long time, and-"
200,Cartman,I said GET. Mr. Hat!
200,Scene Description,Garrison's bedroom. He reaches into a drawer and pulls out Mr. Hat.
200,Cartman,Put it on! [he puts it on] Do the voice.
200,Mr. Hat,"Hello kids, it's me, Mr. Hat. [Cartman pulls his hand from behind his back, revealing Mitch.]"
200,Mitch Conner,"Good to see you Hat. Helluva night, isn't it?"
200,Mr. Hat,I... I don't believe I know you.
200,Mitch Conner,"The name's Mitch Conner, I flew the same division as you back in Saigon. [Mr. Garrison lowers Mr. Hat]"
200,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, this is silly, why don't we just stop-"
200,Cartman,Keep... your hand... UP!
200,Scene Description,"A street filled with lots of townspeople, Muhammad, and Stan"
200,Randy,"[shouting to the other side of the street] Alright gingers, we have Muhammad for you, now hand over the detonators. [huge group of gingers, all holding detonators]"
200,Lead Ginger,"Nuh uh, first you gotta prove that that is still Muhammad in there! Have him step out of the bear costume..."
200,Townspeople,Ohhhhhhh...
200,Stan,"Dude, we can't do that"
200,Lead Ginger,Show us it's Muhammad or South Park is finished!
200,Scene Description,Back to Mr. Garrison's bedroom
200,Mr. Hat,"Dammit, Mitch, you're asking questions that shouldn't be answered!"
200,Mitch Conner,So you admit it. There was a cover up. [Mr. Garrison turns away]
200,Mr. Garrison,"No, Mr. Hat, don't say anymore!"
200,Mitch,"Yeah, tell 'im whatcha know!"
200,Garrison,"Alright, Eric, your father was in the room the day of your DNA test, but the results were... tampered with."
200,Cartman,"By who? Goddammit, Garrison, who is my father?"
200,Scene Description,"Flash to townspeople on the street, then flash to gingers on the street then flash to Mecha-Streisand roaring"
201,Scene Description,"Saigon, 1972, day. U.S. Army helicopters fly overhead. A gunner fires into the fields below"
201,Mitch Conner,"Saigon. It's a hell of a place. I've seen a lot of death. [Vietnamese and American soldiers fire at each other] A lot of suffering. Darkness that most people couldn't stand to see. [Wounded American soldiers are carried back to the helicopters] I tried to sit it out as much as I could. [a left arm exactly like Cartman's is shown. It wears dog tags, a tiny helmet, and camouflage face paint]"
201,Soldier 1,"What's the matter, Conner? You don't like a little blood?"
201,Mitch Conner,"No, I don't like a little blood. Blood ain't the stuff for eighteen year old boys from Sheboygan. Blood ain't the stuff... for Mitch Conner."
201,Soldier 2,"Incoming! [An RPG flies into the helicopter and blows up. Cut to a MASH unit, where Mitch opens his eyes]"
201,Army Doctor,"Conner, Mitchell. You're discharged, son."
201,Mitch Conner,"And that's that. ""Pack your bags, you're headed home. Hugs and kisses from Uncle Sam."" [cut to the present, where Mitch is now on Cartman's arm facing Mr. Garrison and Mr. Hat.] So how do I end up here, with a nine year old kid who just wants to know who his father is? Life is funny like that. One day you're sifting through the guts of some gook in Vietnam and the next you're playing Dr. Phil with some kid and his teacher."
201,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, I, [faces Cartman] I'm really sorry that you were put through all this."
201,Mitch Conner,Sorry is a four letter word with a Y on the end. That doesn't mean anything to this poor kid.
201,Cartman,That's right! Tell me the truth! Now!
201,Mr. Garrison,"[turns away] All I can tell you, Eric, is that we were all told to stick to the story to protect someone very important. I can't say more, I won't. But I'll... I'll tell you who has the answer."
201,Scene Description,South Park. night. The townsfolk and the gingers face off.
201,Randy,"Look, gingers! You said you wanted Muhammad, we got him for you."
201,Ginger 1,We have no way of knowing if Muhammad is really in there. It could be a trick.
201,Stan,"It's no trick, dude. My friend and I went to the Super Best Friends and brought him here!"
201,Ginger 1,Then have him step out of the bear costume! You have until the count of ten! One!
201,Jimbo,"Don't do it, Randy. If Muhammad is seen, we could get bombed."
201,Ginger 1,Two!
201,Sgt. Yates,"Idiot, if he isn't seen, we're about to definitely get bombed."
201,Ginger 1,Three!
201,Randy,"Alright, alright, stop! We'll do what you say. [turns to the bear] I'm sorry, Muhammad. Will you please step out of the bear costume? [the bear looks around, then unzips the costume. A familiar red suit and black belt appear. The arms flail a bit and the costume drops away. Santa has stepped out of the costume.]"
201,Stan,"Okay, so um, see? This is Muhammad."
201,Ginger 2,"That isn't Muhammad, that's Santy Claus."
201,Santa,"Sorry, boys. I tried."
201,Kyle,Aw crap.
201,Randy,"Boys, you got Santa to be Muhammad? When?"
201,Stan,When you all said you were gonna hand Muhammad over to Tom Cruise. We promised Jesus that Muhammad would stay safely in the U-Haul!
201,Mr. Hankey,"[hops up to Kyle] I'm sorry, Kyle. I really thought my idea would work for you."
201,Stan,"If we were gonna have someone in a bear costume, why would we actually have it be Muhammad, you fucking idiot?!"
201,Ginger 1,"So where is he?! [heavy footfalls and a mechanical roar are heard, and everyone gets afraid.]"
201,Scene Description,"Hall of Super Best Friends, night."
201,Announcer,"Meanwhile, at the Hall of the Super Best Friends..."
201,Scene Description,Inside. Buddha is snorting coke again.
201,Jesus,"Buddha, will you lay off that stuff already?! It's gettin' to be a problem."
201,Buddha,"Ohhh, and you're one to talk! With all your Internet porn!"
201,Jesus,"Watching porn isn't like doing coke, fag!"
201,Joseph Smith,[runs into the meeting room] Jesus Christ!
201,Jesus,What?
201,Joseph Smith,We've got a distress signal coming in. [the Super Best Friends leave their seats and head for the towering screen at one end of the room]
201,Jesus,On the Super Best Screen!
201,Police Officer,"Super Best Friends! You've got to help us! The Casa Bonita is under attack! [Casa Bonita is shown. Soldiers defend it by firing at Mecha-Streisand, but she just keeps walking towards it]"
201,Jesus,"Great Scott! It's Barbra Streisand! [Mecha-Streisand picks up a car and bites the front end off. The driver drops down from it, likely to his death]"
201,Lao Tse,I thought Barbra Streisand had been destroyed by Robert Smith.
201,Seaman,Yeah. Who would have activated her again?
201,Jesus,"I don't know, Seaman. [the other Super Best Friends chuckle]"
201,Seaman,"[annoyed] It's Sea-Man! [the other Super Best Friends chuckle, but their attention is again drawn to the screen. ]"
201,Police Officer,The Casa Bonita is gone! Jesus help us!
