Spookyfish,Sharon,"Yeah. Stan just got a new goldfish and he wanted to show it to Kenny but, Kenny never came over."
Spookyfish,Carol,"[cradling Stan, distraught] My Kenny used to laugh and play. He was eight years old, just like you, my Kenny was."
Spookyfish,Stan,I know.
Spookyfish,Carol,You've gotta tell me what happened to him! [holds Stan up and throttles him] You have to know something!
Spookyfish,Sharon,"[intervening] Mrs. McCormick, I'm going to have to ask you to leave! You've been drinking!"
Spookyfish,Carol,"That's right, I'm a little drunk. [Sharon escorts her to the door] You'd be drunk, too, if you'd lost your boy. [Evil Cartman enters as the women reach the door] My Kenny used to sing and dance, eh."
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"[at the sofa] You guys, I found the pet store!"
Spookyfish,Stan,"Come on, let's go! [takes the fish with him and stops before Sharon] Mom, I know you think I did all this, but I'm gonna prove to you it was this fucking fish!"
Spookyfish,Sharon,"I believe you, sweetheart. [Stan goes outside, and she addresses Kyle and Evil Cartman] Run from him, boys. Run and don't stop!"
Spookyfish,Scene Description,"A stormy night, at the pet store. The remains of a covered wagon are next to it. The three boys enter."
Spookyfish,Clerk,Can I help you boys?
Spookyfish,Stan,I wanna return a fish.
Spookyfish,Clerk,[pounds the counter with both fists] Damn it!
Spookyfish,Kyle,What?
Spookyfish,Clerk,"That's the ninth return I've had this week! What's wrong with it? [holds his palms out] Ap! Let me guess. It killed a bunch of people, right?"
Spookyfish,Stan,"Yeah, dude."
Spookyfish,Clerk,"Damn it! [pounds with the right fist] Just like all the other returns! [the camera pulls back to show them. They all groan and have red, evil eyes. One bird blinks, and its eyes glow]"
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Dude, why is your store called ""The Indian Burial Ground Pet Store?"""
Spookyfish,Clerk,"Well, there was an Indian burial ground here before I bought it."
Spookyfish,Stan,So you just- built your store on top of an Indian burial ground?
Spookyfish,Clerk,"Oh, hell no! First I dug up all the bodies, pissed on 'em, then buried them again upside down."
Spookyfish,Stan,Why?
Spookyfish,Clerk,Why? I don't know. I was drunk.
Spookyfish,Stan,"We think that when you did that, you opened up a doorway to an evil, parallel universe."
Spookyfish,Clerk,"Well, that certainly would explain a lot."
Spookyfish,Kyle,Like what?
Spookyfish,Clerk,"Well, like this. [opens a door marked, ""Employees Only."" A bright, flashing portal appears] I've been wondering what the hell this was."
Spookyfish,Scene Description,Stan's house. Randy finally opened the door to the basement and brings down some items.
Spookyfish,Officer Barbrady,"Hello, Mr. Marsh. Top of the evening to you. [Randy turns to see Officer Barbrady, then rushes up the stairs] Okay, bye, then."
Spookyfish,Scene Description,The kitchen. Sharon is preparing cookie dough. Randy enters.
Spookyfish,Randy,Sharon?
Spookyfish,Sharon,"Yes, hon?"
Spookyfish,Randy,There's a policeman being held captive in our basement.
Spookyfish,Sharon,"[rolling the dough] Yes, hon. I had to restrain him so he wouldn't find the bodies in the back yard and take our baby away. [begins cutting out cookies in star shapes.]"
Spookyfish,Randy,"[ponders] Why'd you take his pants off? [long pause. Sharon makes more cookies] Sh-sharon, why'd you take his- pants off?"
Spookyfish,Sharon,"[sobs. Randy comes over] Oh, Randy, I just don't know what to do anymore."
Spookyfish,Randy,What is it?
Spookyfish,Sharon,"I just ughhhh, I can't believe that Aunt Flo is gone, that she won't be visiting me ever again."
Spookyfish,Randy,"Oh. Uh, well, don't- think of it as an end, think of it as a new beginning. Now, could you fill me in on the dead bodies and captive policeman stuff real quick?"
Spookyfish,Scene Description,Back at the pet store.
Spookyfish,Stan,"Look, pal. This is very simple. All I want to do is return this fish."
Spookyfish,Clerk,I can't give you your money back.
Spookyfish,Stan,"I don't care, dude! I just want this fish away from me!"
Spookyfish,Clerk,No! I won't take it back!
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"Listen, friend. You can't sell people pets like this. You have to have a sign that says, ""Warning: these fish are from an evil, parallel universe."" Now, it's not our fault you disrespected the bodies of this land's native people, but by golly [pounds his right hand with his left fist], you're gonna take this fish back."
Spookyfish,Clerk,"All right, you win."
Spookyfish,Stan,"Wow! Thanks, evil Cartman! [the clerk takes the fish from Stan]"
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"[turns to face the clerk again] And sir, can I make a suggestion? [the clerk looks at him] Move your store, and let these great people of the Wampanoag rest in peace."
Spookyfish,Kyle,"You kick ass, evil Cartman!"
Spookyfish,Stan,Yeah!
Spookyfish,Kyle,"You know what I like best about you? You don't say, ""hella,"" like our Cartman does. I swear, if he says that one more time, I'm gonna kill him! [the boys exit the store, and the skies are clear]"
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"No, Kyle. Murder is never an answer. [the clerk puts the fish up on a shelf and the employee door opens, the doorway glowing brightly]"
Spookyfish,Clerk,[recoils] What the-? [two figures appear: Evil Stan and Evil Kyle]
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,He was here! Cartman was just here!
Spookyfish,Clerk,Who are you?
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,We're looking for Cartman. The trail ended here. Where is he?
Spookyfish,Clerk,I don't know who you mean?
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,[pulls out a big bat] Maybe this will jog your memory! [starts releasing the evil returns by bashing in the cages]
Spookyfish,Clerk,No! Stop! You don't know what you're doing! Those pets are evil!
Spookyfish,Scene Description,"Several identical images of Barbra flash through space, one of them towards the camera, and the boys are walking down Main Street."
Spookyfish,Stan,I'm sure glad that's over with. Now I can sleep at night.
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"Hey, you guys. We still have time to enter the pumpkin-carving contest."
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Hey, yeah! I almost forgot."
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,Come on! I bet that together we can make the best pumpkin ever!
Spookyfish,Stan,"You know, evil Cartman? I like you a lot better than our Cartman."
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Yeah, you're cool. And you don't say ""hella."""
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"Yuh, thanks, you guys. I certainly like you a lot more than in my evil, parallel universe. [the boys turn to see a man attacked by two dogs, a cat, two ducks, and a vulture]"
Spookyfish,Scene Description,The boys resume walking].
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Dude, where are we going to find a pumpkin to carve?"
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,Let's use Kenny's squash.
Spookyfish,Stan,"Yeah. You know, I never thought it was such a bad, little squash. It just needs some tender, loving care."
Spookyfish,Scene Description,"Cartman's house. Cartman is watching TV in the dark. Onscreen, Phillip is in a cemetery standing next to a tombstone that might be Terrance's, and has three roses in his hand."
Spookyfish,Terrance,"[as a ghost, walks up to Phillip] Boo!"
Spookyfish,Phillip,[jumps up] Aaaaagh!
Spookyfish,Cartman,"Aw, man, this movie is hella scary. [click. The front door flies open and Evil Stan and Evil Kyle burst in]"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,"Aha! There you are, Cartman!"
Spookyfish,Cartman,"P'h. Nice costume, you guys. You spent about a buck fifty on those?"
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,"We're here to take you back, Goody Two-Shoes!"
Spookyfish,Cartman,Oh? I've got a better idea. Why don't you two go fuck yourselves?
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,"[he and Evil Kyle look at each other, then] Hey! What's wrong with you, Cartman?"
Spookyfish,Cartman,What's wrong with me? Let's see. Uum. [checks them off] I hate you guys. You're hella stupid.
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,"[he and Evil Stan go over to grab him] Come on, Mr. Wholesome! We're taking you back to our universe!"
Spookyfish,Cartman,"Don't touch me! [punches Evil Stan, who releases him]"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,What the hell's goin' on?! Cartman never hits us!
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,"Hall right! Just stand there, Cartman! This gingerification gun will send you back to our universe!"
Spookyfish,Cartman,"Oh, right! You guys are from the evil, parallel universe?!"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,Yes!
Spookyfish,Cartman,"Oh, it's about freakin' time you showed up! You don't want me, you want that impostor Cartman! Come on, I'll show you. [leads them out the door]"
Spookyfish,Scene Description,"At the Pumpkin Carving Contest. Mayor McDaniels is dressed as a Puritan woman. Johnson holds a ball on a platter. They are on stage, which is adorned with two spiderwebs and a bat in each one."
Spookyfish,Mayor McDaniels,"And the winner is: Squash-O-Lantern, by Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and the evil Eric Cartman from the parallel universe! ""The Winning Entry! Squash in cobweb, amid a tiny graveyard and flanked by four tiny bats"""
Spookyfish,Stan,"[the crowd cheers] We won, dude!"
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,Hooray!
Spookyfish,Mayor McDaniels,You boys win the Halloween Chocolate Ball!
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"Oh, no! [spots Cartman, Evil Stan and Evil Kyle] Stan and Kyle have come to take my back to my world, and I don't wanna go back!"
Spookyfish,Stan,"Don't worry, Evil Cartman. You're staying with us! [the two groups face each other]"
Spookyfish,Cartman,"[to Evil Kyle] Now, zap his hella ass back to your- hella universe!"
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Stop saying ""hella,"" Cartman!"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,"[to Evil Cartman] Thought you could get away from us, huh, Cartman?!"
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,[pleading] Please!
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Leave him alone, butthole!"
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,"Shut your trap, kid!"
Spookyfish,Stan,Why don't you guys take our Cartman back? He's more like you anyway.
Spookyfish,Cartman,"Ey, you backstabbin' sellout!"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,"It's time, Cartman! Prepare for gingerification! [sets the gun]"
Spookyfish,Evil Cartman,"Well, good-bye, you guys. It's been fun. [Stan and Kyle look down. The evil pets return to South Park and start attacking the townsfolk. They scream as they are being attacked.]"
Spookyfish,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh, what now?!"
Spookyfish,Kyle,"It's the evil pets [the attack continues, and a vulture knocks the gingerification gun out of Evil Stan's hands.]"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,The gingerification gun!
Spookyfish,Stan,"[picks it up] Get to the stage! [Stan, Kyle, and Evil Cartman rush up. Stan's spooky fish attacks a man and kills him]"
Spookyfish,Sharon,"[seeing what just happened] Oh, dear. It really was Stan's fish that killed those people!"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,"[all six boys are on stage] Give me that gun, kid!"
Spookyfish,Stan,"Up yours, evil twin! [zaps him back to the evil, parallel universe.]"
Spookyfish,Evil Stan,[shrinks as Evil Kyle watches] Noooooo! [vanishes]
Spookyfish,Evil Kyle,"[zapped, he shrinks too] Noooooo! [vanishes]"
Spookyfish,Cartman,"All right, now you can try to send this Bozo through and the whole mess'll be over with!"
Spookyfish,Stan,Sorry Cartman. We like Evil Cartman better. See ya. [takes aim]
Spookyfish,Cartman,What?!
Spookyfish,Kyle,"We can't deal with you saying ""hella"" anymore, Cartman! You're going to the other universe! [Cartman takes on Evil Cartman, and both wrestle. Cartman rips off Evil Cartman's mustache and beard, and kicks him. Both of them then stand up, indistinguishable. Stan pulls the gingerification gun back]"
Spookyfish,Kyle,Which one is the good Cartman?
Spookyfish,Both Cartmans,I am!
Spookyfish,Stan,"Stop wasting time, Cartman! We have to send one of you back to the evil universe!"
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Yeah! Now, which one of you is the Cartman we can't stand?!"
Spookyfish,Both Cartmans,[pointing to the other one] He is!
Spookyfish,Cartman on Left,Time is running out. You'll have to destroy us both.
Spookyfish,Cartman on Right,What?!
Spookyfish,Cartman on Left,"It's the only way you can be sure. We have to both go, for the good of the world."
Spookyfish,Cartman on Right,[Stan zaps him] Noooo! Screw you guys! [disappears]
Spookyfish,Cartman on Left,How did you guys know?
Spookyfish,Stan,Our Cartman would never say anything like that.
Spookyfish,Cartman,Haaa hahaha! You guys are hella stupid! I knew you would fall for that!
Spookyfish,Kyle,"Oh no, dude!"
Spookyfish,Stan,"You tricked us, Cartman!"
Spookyfish,Cartman,"That's right, I did! You guys are hella stupid You guys are hella lame You guys are hella dumb Hella hella hella!"
Spookyfish,Kyle,Damn it!
Spookyfish,Scene Description,"On the street, Randy walks with Officer Barbrady. The evil pets are still attacking the townsfolk."
Spookyfish,Randy,"I'm sorry my wife held you captive, officer. She's been upset 'cause her Aunt Flo isn't gonna visit her anymore."
Spookyfish,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, I understand. I remember when my wife stopped getting her monthly visitor."
Spookyfish,Randy,"Uuuh, do you want your pants back?"
Spookyfish,Officer Barbrady,"No. Just leave me with my dignity. [turns around and walks into the crowd] Okay, people, move along. Nothing to see here."
Spookyfish,Scene Description,"'[End of ""Spooky Fish."" Cartman sings ""Best Friends""]'"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The Marsh house. The family is in the living room.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"The answer is ""no"", Stanley!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"But Mom, all the guys are going to Cartman's Grandma's for the weekend!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"I'm sorry, Stanley, I can't let you go all the way to Nebraska by yourself. It's the holidays."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,But all the other guys get to go to Cartman's Grandma's; why can't I?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,I'll leave it up to your father.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Randy,"[shrugs] Eh, it's fine with me."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"[ignoring him] The answer is no, Stanley! Now go wash up for supper!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,I don't want your lame-ass supper!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Shelly,Ew! You're gonna get it now.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"[pointing to her right] Go to your room, Stanley! Right now! [Randy's angry now. Stan walks to his room and shuts the door]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[retrieving a backpack from his closet] Can't tell me what to do! I'm eight years old! [goes to his window, opens it, and stands on the sill] I don't need this stupid family anyway! [drops to the ground outside and leaves]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Outside the Cartman house. Liane is packing the boys' gear into her station wagon. Kyle's parents and Kenny's parents are seeing them off.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sheila,It's so nice of you to take all the boys with you.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Oh, it's my pleasure. Eric loves his little friends."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[to Kyle] Every time I go to my Grandma's house, she gives me a present. You watch: as soon as I walk in the door she'll hand me a big present, for no reason, except that I'm cool."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"That's nice, Cartman."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stuart,"[on bended knee, to Kenny] Now, remember, if they have left-over turkey, put some in a bag and bring it home, okay?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kenny,(Okay.)
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[walking up] Okay, let's go!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Oh, I didn't think you were coming, Stan."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"'Course I'm coming! Come on, let's hurry!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sheila,"[Kyle walks away] Goodbye, bubbe! Be careful!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stuart,"[waving to Kenny] See you in a couple of days, son."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[rushing past Kyle, who joins Stan on the back seat] Shotgun! It's my car, I call it first: shotgun! [opens the door, only to find Kenny already there. They look at each other] Kenny, I called it shotgun! [Kenny stares back] Dammit, Kenny, get in the back! [Kenny moves not. Cartman points to the right] Hey, Kenny, there's a sale on orange jackets over there. [no movement. Cartman points to the road] Look, Kenny, there's an elephant parade! [Kenny is not moved. Cartman reaches into his pocket and pulls out a dollar] Ken-ny. Kenny, look. Look! Go get it! [throws the bill away], Go get it! [Kenny hops out and Cartman jumps in] ha ha ha, you poor piece of crap. [Kenny gets the bill and hops into the back seat. Lo and behold, there is an elephant parade, with clowns and jugglers and... Liane drives off]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"So, how far is it to Nebraska?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,Around six hours.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Oh my God! What the hell are we gonna do for six hours?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Well, I've got an idea. We could sing."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Yeah. Or, we could not."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Let's sing that one Grandma song, Ma. How does it go?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,Over the meadow and through the woods
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,To Grandmother's house we go The horse knows the way to carry the sleigh Through white and drifted snow...
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,4 HOURS LATER.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,Over the meadow and through the woods To Grandmother's house we go The horse knows the way to carry the sleigh
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Please stop.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,Through white and drifted snow
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[insistent] Please stop!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,"Over the meadow and through the woods, To Grandmother's house we go"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,[Kyle angrily kicks him into the dashboard] Argh!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Ooo, careful hon. These roads are bumpy."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[rubbing his nose] I guess, damn! [some traffic is seen]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Here we go, kids. We're crossing the state line into Nebraska. [Stan and Kyle go to Kenny's window to check it out. The first sign they see says, ""Now leaving Colorful Colorado,"" on a mountain background with rainbow. The scenery changes abruptly from snow-covered mountains to fields of wheat. Once they pass the state line they see ""You are now in NEBRASKA. ...Sorry."" Nothing is seen on the horizon]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,This is Nebraska?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,What's all that stuff?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Wheat. The building block of your favorite foods, and, Nebraska's principal source of economic productivity. You see, when Nebraska first became--"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"We don't care, Mom."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Hey, look! [enunciating a billboard] See Mr. Hankey at the Mall of Nebraska... Wow! We have to go, dude!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[now seated] Dude, I thought Mr. Hankey lived in the sewer. What's he doing in Nebraska?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"[now seated] I don't know. Ever since he was in that movie, he got all famous."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Oh, so now everybody wants to meet Mr. Hankey! He's a piece of crap."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,It doesn't matter. He'll be most excited to meet me!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,That shouldn't be a problem. Eric's Grandma is right near the mall.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Cool!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,How much further is it to Grandma's house? I wanna see what kind of present she got me.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"About another hour, hon."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Why does Grandma have to live so far away? Why don't we just stick her in a nursing home closer to us so [angrily] I don't have to drive six hours to get a god-damned present?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Now, Eric, let's try to get out of that grumpy mood before we get to Grandma's."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,Over the meadow and through the woods
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,To Grandmother's house we go
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Oh, God! [Stan is dejected]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane and Cartman,The horse knows the way to carry the sleigh Through white and drifted snow...
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Later... Cartman's Grandma's house. Cartman's singing is heard approaching.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Over the meadow and through the woods...
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,[stops the car] Here we are. [the boys pour out]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Jesus Christ, finally!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[runs to the front door] Grandmagrandmagrandmagrandma! [knocks, rubs his hands together, and an elderly man opens the door. The boys come up behind Cartman]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Man,"Oh, it's little Eric!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Hi, Grandpa!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandpa,Look at how big you've gotten!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Hi, Eric. Grandma got you a present."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Sweet. What is it?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,It's inside.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Yes! Move it! [shoves Grandma off the porch. She screams on the way down]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,[now inside with the boys] Hello everyone. Happy Holidays!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Everyone,[seven people] Hello!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"These are Eric's friends: Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. Boys, let me introduce you to the Cartman family. This is Uncle Stinky."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Uncle Stinky,"[brown curly hair, goatee, Fu Manchu mustache] Nice to have you heuh."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Aunt Lisa, Cousin Fred, Cousin Alexandra [not shown], Fat Bob, Jimmy [bulldog], and great-grandma Florence. [with walker]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Florence,"[Kyle recoils as she approaches the boys] Come here, Eric. Give your great-grandma some huggies. [grabs Kyle and lifts him up]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Agghh!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"No, no, Florence, that's not Eric."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Florence,"[releases Kyle] Oh, which one is he, then?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,[pointing] He's the fat one.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"He's not fat, he's big-boned."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[in sync] I'm not fat, I'm big-boned. Ech."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[to Stan] That was totally gross. She smelled like vitamins and pee.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Sick, dude."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Al-righty then. Let's get to my presents, shall we?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Here you go, Eric. Hap-py Holidays! [He gleefully rips it open]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[not pleased] Wait a minute. This isn't a present, it's a shirt! [lifts it out]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,Yes. I thought that would look really good on you.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[really upset] Are you telling me that I drove nine hours through butt-fucking nowhere to get a god-damned shirt?! Mom, Grandma's gone senile! It's time to stick her in a home!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"The dining room. The thirteen are seated around it. The TV is at the foot of the table, on its own chair."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandpa,"Well, this is what the holidays are about. Family."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[dissenting] Yeah, right!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandpa,"Well, what does your family do for the holidays, Stan?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"My family's dead! [Uncle Stinky, a baby, and Aunt Lisa gasp.]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"[turns to him, hand to lips] Ooh, I'm sorry to hear that, Stanley."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Dude, your family died?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,They're dead to me. My mom doesn't even know I'm here.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,What?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,I can't believe I got a stupid shirt! [he didn't have to wear it...] The holidays are bullcrap!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Here, Kyle. Will you hold Great-Grandma's catheter bag during dinner? [places it in front of him]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,What is this??
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,[in his ear] Great-grandma has a bladder problem. This helps her out.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"[eyes shut] Sick, dude!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"[now seated] Eric, did you say 'hi' to your little cousin Elvin?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[flatly] Hi, cousin Elvin."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Elvin,"[the baby, sucking on a Fudgecicle] Sweet."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandpa,"[tapping knife on wine glass] Well, it certainly is nice we could all gather heuh for the holidays. Even Uncle Howard has joined us live via satellite from the state penitentiary. [the TV screen shows Uncle Howard at his own table, with a small meal]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Whoa, dude! [Stan is surprised]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"You look good, Howard."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,No I don't!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Hi, Howard."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[to Cartman] Dude, is he here every year like this?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Yup!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Elvin,"[tosses his Fudgecicle at the TV, and it slides down the screen] Sweet."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[Great-Grandma urinates into the bag. He grimaces] Aaww!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Come on, let's eat already! They gave me extra bread and water!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Where's your manners, Howard? We haven't even said grace yet. Mom, will you do the honors of saying grace?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Florence,"God-damn it, why the hell do I always have to say grace? If one more person asks me to say grace, I'll be like, ""Eh! I'm not saying grace! And if you ask me again, I'll kick you square [jabs the fork in the air] in the nuts!"""
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Amen. [his feelings exactly]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,All,Ah-men. [all dig into the food. Bits and pieces being to fly everywhere]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"[watching the mess] Jesus, dude! [Kenny stuffs his food into a paper bag, and Jimmy growls longingly]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandpa,"No, Jimmy, this is my pot pie! [Jimmy growls] No, Jimmy! That's a bad Jimmy!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Bad Jimmy!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"No, Jimmy, that's Grandpa's pot pie! [Stan and Kyle stare in awe. Jimmy growls, and a hail of ""No, Jimmy! That's a bad Jimmy!""s descends on him]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Dude, I don't know how long I can stay here."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,I know what you mean. [Kenny packs the last of his meal away]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Night time. The boys are asleep in the basement.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[jumps up] Arrggh! [Stan wakes up]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"What, dude? [Cartman wakes up]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Dude, I was having this horrible nightmare that we were at this house, and it was filled with Cartmans!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Kyle, we are in a house filled with Cartmans."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Oh. Arrggh! [thump. Kenny's awake. More sounds, of breaking glass.]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,What was that?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"I heard it, too."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Whatever it is, it's getting closer. [Stan pinches him] Ow! What the hell was that for!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,I wanted to make sure we're not dreaming. [Kyle walks behind Stan and punches Cartman]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Ow!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"[moving back to his sleeping bag] I wanted to make sure, too."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Yuhwell, you're not dreaming! [Kenny flies at him with a punch] Ey! Cut the crap!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Dude, it's coming through the window! [the window flies open and light streams in. A fat figure jumps in and the kids scream. Cartman goes for the light switch and the light goes on. A surprised prison escapee is what he sees]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Uncle Howard!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Uncle Howard,"Oh. Hey, Eric. I didn't think anybody'd be down here."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Uncle Howard, what are you doing here?!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,We thought you were in jail.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Yeah, well I'b I busted out. [shows off the broken cuff chain]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Wow, cool!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,Sshhhh! You can't let the rest of the family know I'm here.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Okay.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"If it's okay, we're just gonna hang out here for a couple of days with you kids."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Who's we? You got a turd in your pocket? Hahahaha.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"[turning to the window] Come on up, it's okay. [another man pops up and makes his was in] Another inmate busted out with me. Don't worry, he's a good guy."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Inmate,"[turns around] Oh, hi boys. I'm Charlie. Charlie Manson. [the boys express some shock, but then fall silent]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The next day. Manson looks out the window.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,I can't wait to get out among the pigs [turns to Howard] and raise some hell.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"All right, Chuck, but we gotta lay low for a while."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"When I stand up on the mountain and say, ""Do it!"", it gets done! And it it don't get done, then I'll move on it! And that's the last thing in the world you want me to do."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"All right, Chuck. Let's watch some TV or something. [Manson sits before the TV and turns it on.]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Announcer,"Now back to, ""It's A Wonderful Life""."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,George Bailey,"You-oo you just can't buy people, Mr. Potter, wuh. Why, you know what you are? You're a little bitch. [Potter looks up] That's right, you're a bitch, and I bet you'd like to suck it, wouldn't you?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[snaps his fingers] Wake up, Cartman, we've got to get to the mall."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,[waking] What?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"We have to go see Mr. Hankey at the mall, Cartman."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[putting his coat on over his BEEFCAKE muscle shirt] All right, keeps your pants on."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Hey, bring us down some food, all right?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,[follows the boys up the stairs] Okay. [puts on his cap]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The living room. Football is on.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stinky,"[eating popcorn] Come on, Team!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Can somebody drive us to the mall?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Announcer,Touchdown!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,The Adults,Yeah!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[insistent] Hello, Mr. Hankey is appearing at the mall. Can somebody please take us?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Announcer,And these Cornhuskers have the ball on the 50-yard line!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[pops up in front of Stinky] Uncle Stinky, can you drive us to the mall?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stinky,"Not now, Eric. [notices a play] Hold him! He has him! Where's the flag?!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Uncle Stinky, my stupid friends want to see Mr. Hankey! You have to take us!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stinky,"I said ""no,"" and I mean ""no!"" Respect my authorituh!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,[leaves grumbling] Damn his Goddamned authorituh!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Announcer,"With only 16 seconds left, the Cornhu-"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,SPECIAL REPORT.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Reporter,We interrupt this broadcast for a news bulletin.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stinky,What?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Reporter,"[""NEBRASKA NEWS""] Mass murderer and extremely nasty person Charles Manson has escaped from prison! Manson was the man responsible for seven murders in the late '60's. Manson has never shown any signs of remorse for his crimes. If you see Manson, please kick his ass and smash his fucking face in for me, and then call the police. And now back to the game."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Announcer,"And they've done it! They've scored 16 unanswered points in 15 seconds! [NEB 23, ARK 16]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,The Adults,"Oh, weak!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"[the boys walk past her] Eric, I need you to take care of your cousin Elvin for a while."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,I don't wanna take care of Cousin Elvin!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,Won't yo do it for Grandma?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,All right. Give me $10. [she reaches into her purse and gives it to him]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Elvin,[licking another Fudgecicle] Kick ass!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The basement. Manson is still watching the TV.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,George Bailey,"Oh, Mary. Mary, you're real!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Chuck, can you turn that thing down?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,George Bailey,"Hello, movie house! [""Gone With The Wind"" is playing there] Hello, burger parlor!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"You know what the spirit of Christmas is? It's another lie, from the lyin' pigs that consider me the witness-!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Okay, Chuck! Thank you very much!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,[coming down the stairs with his friends and Elvin] My family sucks ass!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Yeah, they do!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,All families suck ass!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Here. We got you some sticky cinnamon buns. [hands the bag to Howard]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"[digging in] Wow, sweet!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,Heyyy!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Dude, we have to get to the mall!!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Elvin,"You guys, seriously!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,What's the matter?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"My stupid friends want to go to the mall to visit Mr. Hankey, but nobody would drive us."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Oh, bummer."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,I'll take you! [a heavy note sounds]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Uh, that's okay, Chuck. You just keep watching Christmas specials."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Hey, I didn't bust out of prison to be locked up in somebody's basement! I want some action!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Good for you, Charlie!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,[to Cartman] Come on! I'll hot-wire your Grandpa's car!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,Do you really think we should go with this guy?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Stan, don't be such a dumbass. You have to trust people. [walks away]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"Outside. The boys, Manson, and Elvin head for the station wagon."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"All right, boys, keep your heads down! [they get into the wagon, Manson hot-wires it, and steps on the gas] We're goin' to the mall!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Boys,Hooray!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"South Park, the Marsh house."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,I just can't believe he would go without our permission!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Randy,"Now, Sharon, don't overreact. Maybe Stan didn't go to Cartman's Grandmother's. Maybe he just ran away or got kidnapped or something."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"Well, I hope for his sake you're right. [calls Liane]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,Hello?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"Hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother. Did Stanley go up there to Nebraska with you?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,"Oh, why yes he did. I thought you were dead, Sharon."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,Wwhat?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Liane,Stanley told me you had passed on. I'm glad to see that you're better.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"[irate. Shelly is now present] Get the car, Randy! We're going to Nebraska!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Shelly,"Ooooo, Stan's in trouble!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Mall of Nebraska.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[jumping up and down to get a better look] Do you see him?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,Not yet. I think we still have a ways to go.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,I can't wait to see him! [a kid looks back] He's gonna be so glad we came!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kid,I drove all the way from Montana to see Mr. Hankey.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"That's nice, kid. I knew Mr. Hankey before he was even famous."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"How the hell did Mr. Hankey get so popular? Look at all this Mr. Hankey stuff. [a display is seen of Mr. Hankey caps, T-shirts, cups, figurines, and posters]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Elvin,Mr. Hankey kicks ass!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,And another thing: it says that Mr. Hankey is also appearing at the Crossroads Mall!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,So?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"So, how can Mr. Hankey be here, and in another mall at the same time?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"Dude, Mr. Hankey has magic powers. He can do whatever he wants. [Charlie Manson and Kenny stare at each other. The line moves up]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,[to Kenny] How would you like to come with me to a more secluded part of the mall?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kenny,(Okay) [they walk off]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,I really like that guy.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Oh, it looks like you finished your Fudgecicle, Elvin. [Elvin looks at his hands and sees nothing to lick, then begins to cry] God damnit, be quiet, Elvin! Shut up, Elvin! [grabs a stick and whacks him on the back of the head. Elvin is now catatonic, but manages a blink] No, Elvin, bad Elvin! [seeing that Elvin is not responding, he looks around]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"Sweet Box, your music box headquarters. Manson and Kenny are looking around."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[explaining things to Kenny] Folks need to understand that I am terror! I am fear! I am-! Oh, hey look, another holiday special."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Voice-over,"And now, back to ""The Grinchy Poo"" [a shot of Grinchy Poo stealing a decorated tree]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Narrator,"Grinchy Poo went up the chimney and stuffed the tree up But then he heard a coo, like the cry of a dove It was little Cindy Lou Poo, who was no more than two ""Mr. Hankey, why? Why are you taking our Christmas tree, why?"" And Old Grinchy Poo thought of a line, and he thought it up quick..."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"Lollyland. a mall worker dressed as a Hankey elf, covered in Hankey kisses, approaches the boys."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Hankey Elf,"All right, boys, you're up next. Welcome to Mr. Hankey's Happy Lollyland! [voice dripping with bitterness]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"[elated] Hoh, boy. Here we go!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,"Howdy ho, boys."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,[after a pause] Mr. Hankey? [his elves lift the boys onto Hankey's lap]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,"Gosh, you boys smell like flowers."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,You're not the real Mr. Hankey.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,Sure I am! Howdy ho!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,You look a lot bigger than the last time we saw you.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,"Well, Mr. Hankey has to grow too, you know. Howdy ho!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Hankey Elf,You boys want your picture with Mr. Hankey?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,This is not Mr. Hankey! [a picture is taken] This is a fake! [gasps from other kids and adults. A boy cries]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,"It's okay, kids. I'm real. Hoowwdy ho!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kids,"[a crowd now, they wave back] Hoowwdy ho!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Why are you people doing this? Why would you lie like this? To children?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,"[softly] Look, kid. There's Mr. Hankeys like me in every shopping mall. There is no real Mr. Hankey."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[insulted] What?! What did you say?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Oh, boy. You've done it now."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,Huh??
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[stands and rips off the mall Hankey's helmet] Behold! Here's your false prophet!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kids,[gasp] Boo! [throw plastic Hankey's at the mall Hankey]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,Ow!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kids,Die!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,Ow!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kid 1,Get out! [the kids rush the chair and attack Hankey and his elves]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kids,[background] You son of a bitch! Rip it down! Get out!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Girl,"You lied to me, Mother. You said it was the real Mr. Hankey."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mother,"Uh, well, yes, but-"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Girl,"I will not forget this, Mother. I will not forget this, ever. [turns and walks away]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kid,"This is revolution! [more rioting. Two kids prepare a Molotov cocktail. The blond kid lights it, the one in yellow-trimmed blue cap chucks it at the Lollyland setup. It goes up in flames]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Mall Hankey,[getting out of the way] Wah-hahow!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Security Guard 1,"Uh oh, they're rioting again. [the other guard raises an eyebrow. Three kids smash a bench into an electronics store window. Two of them take a TV and the third goes further inside]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Back at the Sweet Box...
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Narrator,"And all the poos down in Pooville joined hands and they sang They sang all the same And he himself, the Grinchy Poo, carved the roast poo."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[pleased with the special] Wow, man. That's beautiful. He was evil, but now he's good. [Kenny looks at him]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,At what was Lollyland. A battering ram comes through a wall and everyone scatters. Police in riot gear pour in behind it.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer 1,What's happening?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer 2,"Some kid must have said it wasn't the real Mr. Hankey again. [the kids and the officers race at each other and do battle. Brimmy leaves this graffiti on the wall: ""No more lies!"" and runs away. Am officer gives chase. Another officer pumps a tear gas canister into the crowd and the kids fall from the resulting gas]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,[the boys regroup] I told you guys. The holiday season is nothing but lies and bullcrap!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[arriving] Well, how was it?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,It was a fake!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Oh, I'm sorry."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Cartman was right! The holiday season is for idiots!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Where did you go, Uncle Charlie?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Uh, I went to a beauty parlor and had my tattoo redone. [a happy face replaced the swastika] Look!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"Oh, uh that's pretty cool."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,Hey. Where's Kenny?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,Oh. He's... around.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kenny,"[arriving] (Hey, you guys. I'm right here.)"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Oh, hey Kenny."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Come on, I'll buy you kids an orange Smoothie."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,The Boys,Ooooo!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer,"Hey, there he is! That's Charlie Manson! [the officer rush towards him]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Run for your lives, boys! [no time for a Smoothie. All head for the mall doors and rush out to the station wagon]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"[outside, falling behind with Elvin] Ugh! Wait! You guys. Seriously. [the officers follow]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer,"Come back here, God damnit! [Manson and the boys get in the station wagon and Manson backs up all the way to the highway, jumping the curb] He's getting away! [the officers get into their cars and pursue Manson]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Keep your heads down, kids! [an officer fires into the wagon and the back window breaks]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Ey! What the hell is wrong with you people?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"I can't believe they would put a fake Mr. Hankey in a mall! If Mr. Hankey ever found out, he'd be so pissed!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Grandma's house. A news bulletin is heard.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Announcer,We interrupt this program for a breaking news story.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Reporter,A high speed car chase is happening right now on interstate 3. We go now to our live sky-fi helicopter.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sky-fi Reporter,"Ron, it looks as though the chase is proceeding west down the interstate."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Oh, that looks a lot like your car, Harold."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sky-fi Reporter,"We understand that Charles Manson is inside the car with several hostages, all of whom are children [Manson sideswipes another car, which loses control and stops. The police drive around it] My God, what is this world coming to? Well, we'd like to take a moment to tell you that this car chase is being brought to you by Snacky S'mores [a beaver roasting one appears], the creamy bonbon s'mores in a delightful cookie crunch."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The highway. More shots taken at the wagon.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"They're gaining on us! [more shots, and Elvin tosses his Fudgecicle out]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer,Fudgecicle! [swerves to avoid it. Two other patrol cars jump over his and burst into flame upon landing]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Elvin,Kickass! [other cars take up the pursuit and fire at Manson]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"God, I hate the holiday season! [more shots]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Manson pulls into Grandma's driveway. Grandma stands outside.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"[the kids rush past her] Oh, hello kids. Having fun-?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,Get in the house!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Alrighty, then. [walks in as the cops pull up]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,Lock the door! [Terrance and Phillip are on]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Big Blonde,"Oh my God, it's Charlie Manson! Whoa!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Harold,What's going on?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,There's a bunch of policemen chasing after us!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stinky,"Quiet down, we're watching television. [Terrance and Phillip laugh]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip, what a precious gift! [opens it]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Phillip,"That's right, Terrance. This is the season for sharing. [farts on the gift, and both laugh]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,[appears with rifle in hand] The cops are here!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,Howard!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Harold,"How did you get out, son?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Outside. The officers have hunkered down.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Police Chief,"[on the bullhorn] All right, Manson, we know you're in there! Come out peacefully, and we'll shoot you!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer,"[whispers into the chief's ear] Tell him we won't shoot him, Boss."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Police Chief,"[whispers back] Oh, yeah. That's a good idea. [on the bullhorn] Come out peacefully, and we won't shoot you! [Howard and Grandma peek out]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Oh, look. Police Chief Stevens got a new haircut."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"[points the rifle at her] Get down, Ma!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Hey, man, don't point a gun at your own mother!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"What the hell is wrong with you, Manson? You're acting all funny! Everybody just sit down and shut up! We're not going back to the big house!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Harold,"Well, Howard, you've done it again! You've ruined Christmas!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Outside Grandma's house. The press shows up.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Field Reporter,"This is Robert Pooner reporting live from Nebraska, where escaped convict Charlie Manson has walled himself up in a house. [the camera zooms in on Grandma's house] We understand that there are hostages, and that the situation is critical, [zoom out], so we would like to remind you all that this live hostage crisis is being brought to you by Palmoral Sun Block [SPF 200]. Remember, if it isn't Palmoral, you're gonna get cancer."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"Off camera, the Marshes drive up and get out. Sharon approaches the police."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,What's going on here?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"We've got a critical situation, ma'am. Charlie Manson is holding everybody inside hostage."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,Is this the Cartman residence?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"Yes, ma'am."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,Give me that! [grabs the bullhorn and] Stanley! This is your mother!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Inside
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,Oh ooh.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,"What's your mom doing here, dude?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"[outside] Young man, I have had it! You have disobeyed me for the last time! [Grandma, Howard and Manson look out the window. They turn to face Stan.]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Wow, she's really pissed."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[pointing] I'm glad I'm not you right now, kid."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Outside.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"What do you have to say for yourself, Stanley?!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,[from inside the house] ...Sorry.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Robert Pooner,"Still more developments in the Manson hostage crisis. Uh, it appears now that eight-year-old Stan Marsh [picture shown] is in BIG, big trouble. He apparently disobeyed his parents, left home without telling them, and uh, Tom, his- his mother is very disappointed with him."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,Damn it! What are we gonna do?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Florence,Sshhhh! We're watching television.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,"Terrance and Phillip are teasing a reindeer with a red nose - Rudolph. Terrance runs up and farts on its face, and the deer flinches. Terrance runs back as both men laugh."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Phillip,[running up] Waitwaitwaitwait. [farts on Rudolph's rear and runs back laughing]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Terrance,[running up] Check out this one. [farts on Rudolph's face and runs back laughing]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Phillip,"[running up] Hold on, hold on. Over here, over here. [farts on Rudolph's rear and runs back laughing]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Terrance,"[running up] Okay, here I come, okay. [farts on Rudolph's face and runs back laughing]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Phillip,"[running up] Okay, waitwait waitwait. [farts on Rudolph's rear and runs back laughing]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The living room.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"[outside, with bullhorn] Come out with your hands up!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Damnit, Dad, why didn't you put a back door on this house?!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Harold,"Well, there's that old window in the bathroom; you could probably squeeze through there."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"That's it! We're going out the bathroom window! Come on, Manson!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,But I gotta see what happens.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Come on, damn it! [Manson hurries, panting] Well, it's good seeing you all. Don't move until we're gone or I'll shoot you dead. Happy holidays."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,The Adults,Happy holidays. [Uncle Howard and Manson leave]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[walks to the window, looks out, sees his parents, then turns to Kyle] Dude, they're gonna kill me."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"[outside] All right, Manson, this is it! We're coming in after you! There's gonna be a lot of bloodshed, and a lot of innocent people are gonna die! You've got until 100-Marshmallow to come out!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer,"1-Marshmallow, 2-Marshmallow,..."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The bathroom. Howard works on the window.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"[""3, Marshmallow,"" The window opens] All right, it's open! Let's go!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,[walking in] 'Scuse me. I wanna go with you.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,Huh?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Please, I don't wanna go back with them."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"But Stan, your mother and father are out there!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,I know! They've come to punish me. All they wanna do is make me pay for comin' to Nebraska in the first place.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"All right, kid, you can come. Now, let's go. [starts going through the window. Stan steps on the toilet seat, but Manson stops him.]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Stan, I wanna talk to you about family. [Uncle Howard is out.]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,What?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,[popping up] What?!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"You see, I had a family once. At least, I called them my family. Really, they were nothin' but a gang of people I thought were my friends. Ah after we killed a bunch of people together, I realized that my real family was who took care of me, and who took the time to care about what I did."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"But they don't care about me, they just want to punish me."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"If they don't care about you, would they have driven nine hours to Nebraska?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"[pondering] I guess you're right, Uncle Charlie. Thanks. [they hug]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,Now can we go??
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"No, Howard. You go ahead. I've got something to say. [walks out the bathroom door]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"Oh, weak!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,The living room. Manson walks in.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Folks, I apologize for this whole mess. I'm going to surrender. Somebody show the police a white flag."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Outside. The countdown continues.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer,"[on the bullhorn] 90-Marshmallow, 91-Marshmallow [to Police Chief Stevens] This is making me hungry for marshmallows [on the bullhorn] 92-Marshmallow [the front door opens and the police get into positions. The flag appears, followed by Kenny, carrying it]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"Look out, he's got a white flag! [his officers fire away, killing Kenny and breaking the flagpole in half]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[peering out] Oh my God, they killed the little orange-coat kid!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,[peering out] You bastards! [the police don't react. Everyone now pours out of the house]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,[surprised] They're surrendering!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cops,"[run up and handcuff the pair] Okay, grab a hold of him. You're under arrest, buddy. [two of them beat on Kenny's corpse]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Blond Cop,"All right you, spread 'em! [puts the cuffs on Kenny]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"[helping in Manson's arrest] You're going back to prison to rot, Manson!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,Good! I deserve to!
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,What??
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[hands behind his back] I can never make it up to the families that I destroyed, but at least I'll make an example for anyone else thinking that crime [softly] is an answer."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,Stop that. [the officer releases Manson]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"You see, I get it now! I finally understand what the holidays are all about. Boys, don't you see? You can't let things get you down during the holidays, because being happy is what the holidays are all about!"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Kyle,Charlie's right! I'm not gonna let some fake Mr. Hankey spoil my holidays.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"I've been such a bastard all these years, and I finally understand. And it it it feels great! If I feel like- I feel like I'm in my own Christmas special. You see... Holidays are that special time When we laugh and sing and feel warm and cozy Forget about being angry for a day [picks Elvin up] Remember how it felt to be a child Opening presents on Christmas mornin' That's the way that we should all feel now So I say Happy happy happy happy holy happy happy happy Holidays"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Everyone Else,Happy happy happy happy holy happy happy happyHolidays
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Happy Kwanzaa, too From me to you Happy Holidays, you guys."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"Happy Holidays, Bob."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Officer Bob,"Happy Holidays, Chief."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Chief Stevens,"Come on, Manson. You belong in jail. [finally cuffs him]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,You're darn right I do.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"[being cuffed] Well, I guess I'll be going, Mom and Dad. I hope you can forgive me."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandma,"Oh, of course we forgive you, son. It was nice of you to pop in for the holidays."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Grandpa,"Yes. Now, watch that ass in prison, son."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Howard,"I always do. See ya, Eric. Thanks for all your help."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartman,"See ya, Uncle Howard. [mad] Thanks for being such a great role model for me. [very softly] Piece of crap."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"I hope you can forgive me, too, Mom."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Sharon,"Oh, Stanley. Let's just forget the whole thing and have a nice holiday back home."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,Really?
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Randy,Sure. We'll punish you after the holidays.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Hooray! Uh, I mean, wait. What?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Robert Pooner,"[wrap up] And so, Manson is hauled off to jail to rot in his cell. Everything is back to normal, and I guess the only thing left to say is, God bless us, everyone."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Scene Description,Nebraska State Penitentiary.
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"[in a cell with three other mates, reading from his latest book] ""And I guess that's what I've learned. I'm sorry for what I did, but that doesn't make up for it. I deserve to be in jail. All I hope is that I don't make mankind lose faith in itself. Yes, there's murderers in the world. There's rapists and thieves. But those are the vast minority. The majority of mankind is made up of caring people, who try every day to do what they think is right. And that's the spirit of the season."" What do you think, guys?"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Inmate,"It sucks, just like all your other books. [Manson puts his book next to the others and walks off: ""AH, MILAN,"" ""OBSERVATIONS FROM THE FOREST,"" ""Are You There God? It's Me. Manson""]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,"Well, Guh Good night, you guys. Happy Holidays."
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Inmate,"Shut up! [Manson turns off the lights. Soon, noise is heard outside the cell]"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Manson,What was that? [turns off the lights] What the?! [surprised to see the Cartmans and the boys inside the cell]
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Cartmans/Boys,"Merry Christmas, Charlie Manson! [Grandma bears a cake. Manson melts, smiling. End credits soon roll] ""Hark,"" the herald angels sin, ""Glory to the newborn King Peace on earth, and mercy mild God and sinners reconciled"" [Manson joins them] Joyful all ye nations rise Join the triumph of the skies ""Hark,"" the herald angels sing"
Merry Christmas Charlie Manson!,Stan,"Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here."
Gnomes,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The class bell rings and the children are rowdy.
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"[entering] Settle down, children. I have some difficult news. This is going to make you all very sad. [the class is now seated] The school board is considering firing me as your teacher. There's a possibility that I will be let go and never allowed to teach you again. [Stan raises his hand] Yes, Stanley?"
Gnomes,Stan,That's okay with us.
Gnomes,Kyle,Yeah.
Gnomes,Clyde,"Yeah, we don't care."
Gnomes,Cartman,"Yeah, that's fine."
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"No it isn't, it makes you very sad! Now, apparently, the school board thinks that I don't teach you anything about current events, so tomorrow they're going to have you do presentations for the whole board."
Gnomes,Class,Aawwww! [heads drop]
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"[writes on the board] ""Current Events in South Park"". Now, I want you all to read a newspaper, or better yet, watch television, and come up with something current in South Park to do a report on."
Gnomes,Class,Aawwww! [heads drop. Cartman is certainly vocal about it.]
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"Now, this'll be a group project, so I'm going to place you all into groups of five. Let's see, uh. Wendy, Bebe, Clyde, Pip, and Token, you'll be Group 1, and Group 2 will be Stan, Kyle, Eric, Kenny, a-and, and Tweek."
Gnomes,Tweek Tweak,[disheveled and really tweaked] AAAghah heheh.
Gnomes,Stan,"[laments] Oh, not Tweek."
Gnomes,Kyle,We don't wanna be in a group with Tweek.
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,There's nothing wrong with Tweek. I bet he'll do a great job in your group.
Gnomes,Tweek Tweak,"I can't take that kind of pressure. No, Sweet Jesus, ple-hehease!"
Gnomes,Stan,"Dude, we can't work with this kid."
Gnomes,Tweek,Yuh-ugh!
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"That's what Chad Everett thought when the new female intern joined the cast of Medical Center. He thought, ""Who is this woman with her gazungas and high heels? What does she know about medicine?"" Well, that intern soon saved Chad Everett's brother with a kidney transplant. So, you see? [silence]"
Gnomes,Stan,No.
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"Well, let me put it another way. You have to give your oral report to the entire South Park Town Committee tomorrow. And if it doesn't kick ass, and you make me look bad, Mr. Hat is gonna smack you bitches up!"
Gnomes,Tweek,Wagh!
Gnomes,Scene Description,"South Park, downtown. Off to the right of Tom's Rhinoplasty is a coffee store: Tweek Bros. A businessman walks in with briefcase."
Gnomes,Richard Tweak,"Hello there, customer."
Gnomes,Customer,Hello. How are you today?
Gnomes,Richard,"Great. What can I get for you? Large coffee, small coffee? [motions to the menu]"
Gnomes,Customer,I'm actually interested in something else. I'm John Postum from the Harbucks Coffee Corporation...
Gnomes,Richard,"Oh, you're that corporate guy who's been calling."
Gnomes,Postum,That's right. How come you don't call me back? All we wanna do is buy out your coffee shop here.
Gnomes,Richard,"Oh, forget it, my store is not for sale."
Gnomes,Postum,"My company's prepared to make you a veerry generous offer. [lifts the briefcase and opens it. It's empty, but he elaborates] This is a Cramsonite briefcase. All leather, it has four compartments and a keyless lock. Interested?"
Gnomes,Richard,"Uh, I don't think so. My coffee shop is worth a lot to me."
Gnomes,Postum,"Well, all right. [closes the briefcase and lifts up two money bag] How about $500,000?"
Gnomes,Richard,"The answer is still no, Mr. Postum. You see, when my father opened this store 30 years ago, he cared about only one thing: making a great cup of coffee. [moves to his left, towards a backdrop containing lovely rolling hills and a rainbow. A soothing acoustic tune comes up] Sure, we may take a little longer to brew a cup, and we may not call it fancy names, but I guess we just care a little more. [a cart of beans rolls up to him] And that's why Tweek Coffee is still home-brewed from the finest beans we can muster. Yes, Tweek Coffee is a simpler cup, for a simpler America."
Gnomes,Postum,"Well, that's too bad. We're just gonna have to open our Harbucks right next door to you."
Gnomes,Richard,[protesting] But that could put me out of business.
Gnomes,Postum,"Hey, this is a capitalist country, pal! Get used to it!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Postum leaves. Officer Barbrady enters.
Gnomes,Barbrady,"[sees Postum leaving] Hello, Mr. Tweek."
Gnomes,Richard,"Hi, Officer Barbrady."
Gnomes,Barbrady,Who was that?
Gnomes,Richard,"Oh, just some dong. What can I get for you."
Gnomes,Officer Barbrady,The usual.
Gnomes,Scene Description,Richard pulls out a brown cat from behind the counter and slaps him with it.
Gnomes,Scene Description,Barbrady leaves as he closes the door.
Gnomes,Richard,Bye-bye.
Gnomes,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The class is now in groups of five. Tweek is still wired.
Gnomes,Stan,"Okay, we have to do this stupid report, so--"
Gnomes,Tweek,"[twitching and closing his right eye] AAAaaagh. Ugh, ugh, huh, aarrrnnn. Aaarrrhaharn."
Gnomes,Stan,"Sooo, let's figure out what to do it about."
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Shots of Kyle, Kenny, then Cartman."
Gnomes,Cartman,"How about we do it on that Raymond guy on TV, you know, Everybody Loves Raymond."
Gnomes,Kyle,"[angry] No, Cartman, we can't do it on Raymond again! It has to be on a current event in South Park. Tweek, do you have any ideas?"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Stan gets alarmed.
Gnomes,Tweek,"Uuurrnnn, too much pressure!"
Gnomes,Stan,"Great. A lot of help you are, kid."
Gnomes,Tweek,The gnomes!
Gnomes,Stan,What?
Gnomes,Tweek,[gritting his teeth] We can do our report on the gnomes.
Gnomes,Stan,What gnomes?
Gnomes,Tweek,"The underpants gnomes. The little guys that, that come into your room late, late at night and steal your underpants."
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Shots of Kyle, Stan, then Cartman looking at Tweek."
Gnomes,Cartman,"Oh, so that's where all my underpants go."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Dude, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard."
Gnomes,Stan,"Yeah, I've never seen any underpants gnomes."
Gnomes,Tweek,"They come out at 3:30 in the morning. Most people aren't up then, but I am. I can't sleep. Ever."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Dude, we can't do a presentation on underpants gnomes. Mr. Garrison will fail us because you're making it up."
Gnomes,Tweek,No!! Sleep at my house tonight; I'll prove it to you.
Gnomes,Scene Description,The Tweak house that night. Richard Tweak and his wife are in the kitchen. They have three coffeemakers going on at once. Coffee mugs are everywhere.
Gnomes,Richard,"They want me to sell the store, and it's so much money."
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,Some things are more important than money. [turns around] The people of South Park count on you to give them that first cup of coffee every day.
Gnomes,Richard,"I know, but if they open a Harbucks right next door, we might go out of business. They really have my balls in a vice grip."
Gnomes,Scene Description,Tweek and the boys enter.
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"Oh, hello, son. How was your day?"
Gnomes,Tweek,UUuuUunh!
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweek,That's good. Who are your little friends?
Gnomes,Tweek,What do you mean?!
Gnomes,Kyle,We're his oral report buddies.
Gnomes,Stan,"Yeah, we have to stay up all night to write it."
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"Well, have some coffee boys. I'll brew up another pot for later."
Gnomes,Scene Description,The boys each take a cup.
Gnomes,Kyle,Coffee? I don't think I like coffee.
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"Hoh, you'll like this coffee. It's fresh."
Gnomes,Richard,"[waxing prosaic] Country fresh, like the morning after a rainstorm."
Gnomes,Stan,'Kay. Maybe it'll help us figure out what to do our report on. We have to present it to the entire South Park town committee tomorrow.
Gnomes,Richard,Oh. I've got one for you. How about doing a report on how large corporations take over little family-owned businesses?
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,Richard!
Gnomes,Richard,"No, I'm- serious, hon. These boys should learn how the corporate machine is ruining America. You see, I own a coffee shop and now a great, big, multi-million dollar company is going to move in and try to take all my business, which means I may have to shut down and sell my son Tweek into slavery."
Gnomes,Tweek,Mwaaah! Slavery?
Gnomes,Richard,"Yes, slavery."
Gnomes,Stan,"[to Tweek] Wow, that sucks, dude."
Gnomes,Richard,They really have my balls in a salad shooter.
Gnomes,Kyle,We're already doing a paper on Tweek's underpants gnomes.
Gnomes,Stan,Yeah.
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"Now, Tweek, how many times do we have to tell you? Your underpants are missing because you lose them, not because of underpants gnomes."
Gnomes,Tweek,Uunnnnhh!
Gnomes,Kyle,"Come on, you guys! We better get to work!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Tweek and the boys leave the kitchen.
Gnomes,Richard,"Wuh-okay, but corporate takeovers is a much more fertile subject."
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"Honestly, Richard. I don't see why you have to preach to some eight-year olds."
Gnomes,Richard,"Actually, honey, I think those little tykes are just what we need. I've got an idea."
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Later that night, in Tweek's room, the boys sip their coffee."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Man, this stuff is strong."
Gnomes,Stan,Kind of bitter.
Gnomes,Tweek,"[in a corner of the room, scared] What if my parents go out of business? Uh what'll I do?"
Gnomes,Kyle,[going to him] Don't worry about it.
Gnomes,Tweek,But we'll starve and die like dogs.
Gnomes,Cartman,"Tweek, Tweek, you can always go on welfare. Look at Kenny's family: they're perfectly happy being poor and on welfare. Right, Kenny?"
Gnomes,Kenny,(Fuck you!)
Gnomes,Cartman,"Heheh, you suck, Kenny."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Well, let's just try to finish all this coffee, so we can stay up."
Gnomes,Scene Description,Still later: 10:08p.m.. The boys are hyperactive.
Gnomes,Stan,Aooooo!
Gnomes,Kyle,Woohoo!
Gnomes,Kenny,(Let me try! Let me try!)
Gnomes,Stan,"Yeess, this stuff rocks!"
Gnomes,Kyle,"Totally, dudes! I feel awesome!"
Gnomes,Stan,[running] Whoopee!
Gnomes,Scene Description,Kenny jumps high enough to knock down the bedside lamp. The shade goes to the floor. 10:09 p.m.
Gnomes,Cartman,"[running around the rim of a throw rug like an Olympian] You guys! You guys! Seriously! I'm a sorcerer! Zhyagah, zhyah, zhyagot that."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Hey, Tweek, you got anymore of this stuff?"
Gnomes,Tweek,I just have grounds.
Gnomes,Kyle,Killer!! [goes for it and eats it raw]
Gnomes,Cartman,"[rushing up] Ey, let me have some grounds. [take some, swallows, and throws up]"
Gnomes,Kyle,"Gross, Cartman. Whoopee!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,"10:15 p.m. gives way to 3:26 a.m., which finds the boys sitting against the bed. Tweek is on it, and Cartman is passed out next to the toys, surrounded by pools of vomit. Kenny looks sleepy."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Hogh, my stomach hurts."
Gnomes,Stan,"Yeah, mine too. I wonder why."
Gnomes,Kyle,"[peeved] Well, it's 3:30; I don't see any god-damned underpants gnomes, Tweek."
Gnomes,Tweek,"Urgh. Uh maybe, maybe it was all in my head. Maybe I'm going insane! Oh no I'm going insane!"
Gnomes,Stan,"[cross] Well, this is just great! We haven't gotten anything done, and we're totally screwed!"
Gnomes,Richard,"[checking] How's the report going, boys?"
Gnomes,Stan,Bad!
Gnomes,Richard,"Oh, do you need some more coffee?"
Gnomes,Boys,Eugh.
Gnomes,Cartman,No...more...coffee. Blech. [the vomit falls back on him and on the ground]
Gnomes,Richard,"Well, boys, uh. I don't mean to pry, but, if you want it, I wrote your report for you."
Gnomes,All,[suddenly bright] You did?!
Gnomes,Richard,"Yes, it's all about corporate takeovers. Of course, you don't have to use it."
Gnomes,Stan,"[goes with Kyle to get it] No, we'll use it."
Gnomes,Richard,"Alright. [Kyle takes it] And it can be our little secret about who wrote it, right?"
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Tweek begins to hear some elfin music: ""Time to go to work,"""
Gnomes,Kyle,"Sure. [""work all night""]"
Gnomes,Richard,"Now, when you give the report, [Tweek gasps and points] just make sure that you read this part first, okay? [the gnomes open the door and enter:""Search for underpants, heyWe won't stop until we have underpantsYum tum yummy tum day""]"
Gnomes,Tweek,There they are!
Gnomes,Richard,"[A gnome goes for Tweek's bottom drawer, opens it, and takes out some underpants.""Time to go to work, work all nightSearch for underpants, heyWe won't stop until we have underpantsYum tum yummy tum day""]And when you come up to do it a second time, really, really clear it up, I mean, um, really, really play the sympathy angle. They'll like that. They'll be calling you, and you'll get a passing grade for it."
Gnomes,Tweek,"[""Time to go to work, work all nightSearch for underpants, hey!""]You guys, look! Look! You're missing it![the gnomes take off with two pairs of underpants:""We won't stop until we have underpantsYum tum yummy tum day!""]"
Gnomes,Tweek,Arrgghh! They took them again!
Gnomes,Kyle,"[to Richard] Thanks, dude."
Gnomes,Richard,"My pleasure. G'night, boys."
Gnomes,Stan,"Wow, Tweek, your dad rocks!"
Gnomes,Tweek,Why do they torture me like this?! Why can't they leave me alone?!
Gnomes,Kyle,"Damnit! What the hell is wrong with you, Tweek?!"
Gnomes,Tweek,They took my underpants again! Soon they'll want my blood! Blood! Euuggh!
Gnomes,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, the next day. The five-member South Park committee listens as Tweek's group speaks."
Gnomes,Kyle,"[haltingly] ""And as the voluminous corporate automaton bulldozes its way through bantam America..."
Gnomes,Cartman,"[steps forward] What will become of the endeavoring American family?"""
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"[off to one side, notices the lack of fluency] I don't think they wrote this, Mr. Hat."
Gnomes,Stan,Perhaps there is no stopping the corporate machine.
Gnomes,Tweek,[throbs] Uurrgh!
Gnomes,Kyle,"And that's our report, I guess."
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"Well, boys, it's obvious you didn't even--"
Gnomes,Lady Member,Great job!
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"[falling in] Yes, great job."
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Boys, you have really opened our eyes. We didn't even know this was happening."
Gnomes,Cartman,Neither did we.
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Well, Mr. Garrison, it looks like we were wrong about you. You really are teaching these kids something."
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, well, I don't want to sound like a dickhole, but I told you so."
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Aw, I am really moved. I say we follow these boys's cause. Let's join them in the fight against corporate takeovers! [the members stand] Lead the way, boys!"
Gnomes,Stan,Huh??
Gnomes,Tweek,"Uunh, it's too much pressure!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Harbucks is going up.
Gnomes,Postum,"[directing] Good! Good! Now, make sure that sign is really bright and flashy now."
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"My goodness. That's going to be a huge coffee house, honey."
Gnomes,Richard,"Yes, it is. [places his hand over his groin] They really have my balls in a juice maker. [removes it as the boys stop by] Oh, hello, son, uh. How did your report go?"
Gnomes,Tweek,Waagh!
Gnomes,Kyle,I think it went really good. Those people really got into it.
Gnomes,Richard,"Really?? Well, son, you might have just saved the family business. What do you have to say about that?"
Gnomes,Tweek,I need coffee.
Gnomes,Richard,"I know how you boys feel. [walks to a cup on a stump] Sometimes a hot cup of French Roast Amaretto is just what a man needs to get him through the day. That smooth aroma and mild taste is what make Tweek coffee... [picks up the cup and places his left foot on the stump, right hand on his hip] uh very special. Special, like an Arizona sunrise or a juniper wet with dew. A light rain in the middle of a dusty afternoon or a hug from your dear old aunt-- [a chorus is heard]."
Gnomes,Tweek,Dad!
Gnomes,Richard,What?
Gnomes,Tweek,"The metaphors, man!"
Gnomes,Richard,"Oh, sorry. Here you go. [hands him the cup]"
Gnomes,Kyle,Hey. Do you ever think maybe you shouldn't give your son coffee?
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"Liike, how do you mean?"
Gnomes,Kyle,Like look at him. He's always shaking and nervous.
Gnomes,Tweek,Agghh!
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"[holding a bag of Tweekers BLEND] Oh, that. He has ADD, attention deficit disorder. That's why he's so jittery all the time."
Gnomes,Scene Description,The town commitee arrives.
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Mr. Tweek, we've only just heard."
Gnomes,Richard,"Oh, hello committee members. What a surprise."
Gnomes,Lady Member,"So, this is the corporate bulldozer trying to push you off the map. [Harbucks, with four tables on the roof]"
Gnomes,Richard,Yes. How did you hear?
Gnomes,Lady Member 2,These boys did an excellent report for us this morning. They're so upset by this whole thing.
Gnomes,Kyle,My butt hurts.
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Don't worry, Mr. Tweek. This committee is not going to let you be run out of business by these bastards! Do you hear that? You're not gonna get away with this, you whore!"
Gnomes,Postum,Excuse me?!
Gnomes,Lady Member 2,"Boys, we've talked it over, and we want you to take your case to the mayor!"
Gnomes,Stan,Our case?
Gnomes,Tweek,"Uuhhh, no way, man! That is way too much pressure!"
Gnomes,Richard,"[dismissing his son's apprehension] Oh, you'll do fine, son."
Gnomes,Lady Member 2,"Come on, boys! Let's go!"
Gnomes,Cartman,"[pissed] Aw, man, this sucks!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,The boys begin to walk with the town committee.
Gnomes,Tweek,[fretting] Aaarrrnnn!
Gnomes,Scene Description,City Hall. Mr. Garrison is present with the boys and the town committee.
Gnomes,Lady Member,...And we would have never even known that this was happening if not for these boys' excellent report.
Gnomes,Mayor,You're telling me that students from Mr. Garrison's class actually did something that had some kind of relevance to the world?
Gnomes,Lady Member,That's right.
Gnomes,Scene Description,Garrison is shown.
Gnomes,Mayor,"Mr. Garrison, the guy with the puppet?"
Gnomes,Lady Member,Yes!
Gnomes,Mayor,"Well, I must say, Garrison, perhaps you're not as stupid and crazy as I always tell people you are."
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you, Mayor. I don't wanna sound like a dickhole, but I-"
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Mayor, these boys want that Harbucks coffee shut down right now!"
Gnomes,Male Member,Yeah!
Gnomes,Lady Member 2,Yeah!
