Handicar,Gerald,"Come on, honey. It says our Handicar is just pulling up."
Handicar,Stephen,"Timmy! Oh hi, Gerald, Sheila."
Handicar,Gerald,"Stephen, what are you doing?"
Handicar,Stephen,"You didn't know? Anyone can be a Handicar driver now. All you have to do is get your own wheelchair and you can earn a Handicap. I've had my Handicap for about three days now. Get on in. [Gerald and Sheila get in, and Stephen pulls away.] I'm telling you Gerald, havin' a Handicar is a great way to make some money on the side. [other Handicar drivers begin to appear]"
Handicar,HC driver 1,Timmy!
Handicar,Stephen,Timmy!
Handicar,HC driver 2,[a woman] Timmy!
Handicar,Stephen,"The world of transportation is really changing, Gerald."
Handicar,Mimsy,"[standing at a street corner with Nathan] D'aww gee, your idea to have Handicar expand really worked, boss."
Handicar,HC driver 3,"[getting too close to the curb] 'Scuse me, out of my way, please. I have a Handicap. [drives off]"
Handicar,Nathan,I had a handicap way before you got paid to have one!
Handicar,Mimsy,"D'ahhh, you sound like that Matthew McConaughey guy. Ah ""I drove a Lincoln way before I got paid to drive one."" Drrrr. [Nathan smacks him again]"
Handicar,Nathan,Shut up Mimsyyy!
Handicar,Scene Description,Tesla demonstration
Handicar,Announcer,"[female] For the pat eight years Tesla has been the leading innovator in the world of automotive transport. And now the President and CEO of Tesla Motorcars, Elon Musk. [a robotic arm reaches out and grabs a platform behind one of the cars, and Elon Musk is on the platform. The arm sets him down at the foot of the stage as cameas flash away]"
Handicar,Elon Musk,"Today I am proud to announce the Tesla D, the most innovative and efficient world-friendly mode of transportation ever created. Any questions?"
Handicar,Reporter 1,"Yes, ahh, what about Handicar?"
Handicar,Elon Musk,What about it?!
Handicar,Reporter 2,Well all over the country prople are realzing that using an app to ride-share is even more convenient and eco-friendly than electric cars.
Handicar,Reporter 3,How do you intend to compete with this boy genius in Colorado? [Elon Musk is not happy]
Handicar,Scene Description,Tesla Headquarters. day. An issue of of Tech Today is dropped onto a table next to a Tesla cup of coffee.
Handicar,Elon Musk,"I am so sick of hearing about app-based ride-sharing! The future of transportation is the electric cars, not wheelchairs!"
Handicar,Exec. 1,"Don't worry, Elon. Handicar is just a small company."
Handicar,Exec. 2,"Oh sure, operating in a few small towns, but when they start absorbing the taxi markets, bringing taxi sservice to any part of the world, driving your kids to and from school, delivering both people and things?"
Handicar,Exec. 3,We can't compete with Handicar! It's just so damned handy!
Handicar,Elon Musk,"If there is a way to reduce Handicar's positive publicity, then we need to do it now! [walks to the table and plants his hands on it] And you! You say it's theoretically possible?"
Handicar,Nathan,"Of course. It's very simple. If you're a sheepherder, and a snake is killing all your sheep, how do you get rid of the snake?"
Handicar,Elon Musk,Who's the sheepherder?
Handicar,Nathan,You are.
Handicar,Exec. 4,Who's the snake?
Handicar,Nathan,Handicar. [a few seconds of silence follow]
Handicar,Mimsy,"D'ah, it's an analogy."
Handicar,Nathan,"[smacks Mimsy] Shut up Mimsyyy! [to Elom Musk] If you're a sheepherder, and a snake is killing your sheep, all you have to do is prove to the sheep that the snake is a completely inferior entity. [the Tesla execs look around at each other]"
Handicar,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Timmy is driving around town with a male passenger on his iPad."
Handicar,HC driver 4,[going the other way on the street] Timmy!
Handicar,Timmy,Timmy! [stops at an intersection. A Tesla car speeds up next to him. The passenger window comes down and Nathan looks at him]
Handicar,Nathan,Hey Timmy. How is the fundraising for camp going?
Handicar,Timmy,Timmih! [holds his right thumb up]
Handicar,Nathan,[looks ahead] That's great. I can't wait for camp this year. [looks at Timmy again] We are doing some fundraising too. Have you heard of my friend Elon Musk from Tesla?
Handicar,Elon Musk,Good day to you!
Handicar,Timmy,Timmih!
Handicar,Nathan,"Hey, how would you like to have a friendly little race? It would be great publicity for your fundraising and for ours."
Handicar,Mimsy,"[pops up] D'ah we're gonna get Timmy killed in the race, huh boss?"
Handicar,Elon Musk,"Shut up, Mimsy! [Mimsy reclines in his seat]"
Handicar,Nathan,"Whattaya say, Timmy? A friendly race this Saturday? We'll see you at 9am sharp. [the passenger window goes up, and they peel awat. The resulting wake almost blows the tablecloth off and Timmy's passenger almost losing his iPad keeping the tablecloth in place, At Skeeter's Bar and Coctails, a drunk patron walks out and a Handicar driver arrives to pick him up. He gets in, and they go away]"
Handicar,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Coctails, day, interior. Jimbo looks up at a TV monitor"
Handicar,Jimbo,"Hey everyone, you need to see this! [CNN Breaking News]"
Handicar,CNN anchor,"[with glasses] What started as a simple contest is quickly escalating into an international crisis. As electronic cars challenge the oil industry, and transportation alternatives fight for dominance, the unavoidable outcome may be a conflict the likes the world has not seen since the '70s. It appears that the world is once again on the brink [takes off his glasses] of Wacky Races."
Handicar,Randy,Wacky Races?! Holy shit!
Handicar,CNN anchor,"The prime minister of Japan (Shinzo Abe is shown) insisted that any race would break the Treaty of Salzburg, which called for a cease-fire to the Wacky Races for their senseless brutality. They also claim that if a race does take place, they would have no choice but to enter their completely self-driven prototype Lexus into the conflict. The Canadians and Chinese are also saying they would be forced to race, and no one yet has heard from Dick Dastardly or Muttley. Unless a miracle happens, this Saturday morning the world will witness the fist Wacky Races in nearly 50 years."
Handicar,Scene Description,"Food 4 Little, day. Shoppers rush in and get all the cereal they can get"
Handicar,Shoppers,Wacky Races oh God! Wacky Races oh my God! Oh my God Wacky Races oh my God!
Handicar,Gerald,"Randy, they're bringin' back Wacky Races Saturday monring!"
Handicar,Randy,I know! Are we watching at your house?!
Handicar,Manager,"That's it, everyone! We're out of cereal!"
Handicar,Shoppers,No! I didn't get any! That guy has two! [more clamoring]
Handicar,Manager,"There's none left, don't you understand?!"
Handicar,Scene Description,"The park at South Park, day. All the Handicar drivers are assembled, and Stephen Stotch holds court."
Handicar,Stephen,Don't you see what they're doing? This is just another example of corporations trying to keep down people with handicaps!
Handicar,HC driver 5,"Don't do the race. You don't have to prove anything. [Timmy is shown, weary]"
Handicar,HC driver 6,"He HAS to do it, don't you see? He has people that are depending on him to raise as much money as possible. There are hundreds of people with handicaps now."
Handicar,Timmy,Timmih...
Handicar,HC driver 7,"But isn't that the problem? I mean, let's face it, it's not like he's able to keep the driver quality up. Anyone can have a Handicap now. I mean, even Matthew McConaughey is a Handicar driver now, for Chrit's sake!"
Handicar,Matthew McConaughey,Hey. [rolls up] I was drivin' a Handicar... way before I got paid to drive one. I just like how it feels.
Handicar,Stephen,"Look, the point is that this is your opportunity to make Handicar- oops, sorry. [loses control of the wheelchair] Hold on, sorry, went too far. [comes back around] This is your opportunity to make Handicar thee transportation of thte future. Think what you could do with all that money. [Timmy begins to think over this]"
Handicar,Scene Description,"Wacky Races, Saturday morning. Each driver and car are shown as they are announced."
Handicar,Announcer,"And here they are, the most daredevil group of shared-ride drivers ever to whirl their wheels in the Wacky Races, competing for the title of the future of transportation. Cars are approaching the starting line. First off is the Lyft car [a purple sedan with a huge pink mustache on the grill], a ride-sharing company out of San Francisco. next up is the ZipCar, a pay-by-the-hour concept based on Chinese bicycles. Maneuvering for position is the standard taxicab driven by an angry Russian. Right behind is the Hummer salesman in his 2014 Hummer No Class. And there's ingenious inventor Elon Musk in his new Tesla D. Oh, and here's the lovely Canadian actress Neve Campbell in the Canadian conept vehicle The Queef, powered completely on female natural gas. [she queefs to make it go faster] Next we have the Handicar with Timmy Burch. And there's the completely automated self-driving car from Japan. Limping along last are those double-dealing do-badders Dick Dasterdly and his sidekick Muttley. [Muttley snickers] And away they go on the way out Wacky Races. [a shot of the adults gathered in the Broflovski living room, with milk and Franken Berry and Kap'n Krunch cereals on the coffee table] And this live coverage of the event will be broadcast all morning, of course, on CNN."
Handicar,Stuart,Jesus. It's begun.
Handicar,Gerald,God help them all.
Handicar,Randy,"All I know is... if Dastardly and Muttley are up to their old tricks, there's gonna be a lot of violence today."
Handicar,Scene Description,BBC World
Handicar,BBC announcer,You are watching BBC World.
Handicar,BBC anchor,"The vioent conflict over transport is underway, and it is even more senseless and vile than many remember. We return you now to our live coverage of.. the Wacky Races."
Handicar,Scene Description,"Wacky Races, Saturday monring. The race is well underway across Colorado."
Handicar,Announcer,"As the Wacky Racers roll down the roadway, we see that the taxicab in in the lead, with Handicar pulling up the rear."
Handicar,Timmy,[way in back] Timmih!
Handicar,Announcer,"[a map shows up] All the cars must follow the same route. First they'll leave the town of South Park, then navigate through Giggling Gulch on the final stretch to pick up the passenger, a Miss Dotty Applegate. Once the passenger is picked up, the vehicle must successfully deliver her to the destination point at her daughter's house in Morrison. [back to the race] It looks like the ZipCar is trying to vie for position past the Hummer vehicle. It's neck and neck as the Wacky Racers all push to be first to pick up the passenger. [An elderly lady waits for her ride at a Thrift Or Less store] Miss Applegate is waiting patiently. [the racers are shown] And Elon Musk's Tesla appears to take the lead."
Handicar,Nathan,Slow down. I need Timmy to pick up the passenger before we do.
Handicar,Elon Musk,But I though we wanted Handicar to lose the race!
Handicar,Nathan,"He can't just lose the race, he has to get sued and lose the whole business. That's why when he picks up the passemger, I've got a little surprise waiting for him. [he shows off a control pad]"
Handicar,Mimsy,"D'ah hey boss, it seems like every time you come up with a plan it kind of backfires on ya. If you really don't wanna go to summer camp so bad, why don't you just tell your parents how you feel? [Nathan and Elon just look at him] You know, tell 'em you don't wanna go and just see how they react. [they keep loooking at him, and he gets a clue] Wait wait, I got it. [smacks himself] Shut up, Mimsy!"
Handicar,Nathan,Hey Mimsy.
Handicar,Mimsy,[leans forward] Yeah?
Handicar,Nathan,[smacks him] Shut up! [Mimsy sits back]
Handicar,Announcer,"The Canadian car overtakes the self-driving car. And now here comes the ZipCar, which is being driven by Matthew McConaughey."
Handicar,Matthew McConaughey,[nice mood music in the car] I was drivin' a ZipCar... way before I got paid to drive one.
Handicar,Announcer,"And look at this! The Lyft car is the first to arrive and pick up the passenger. [Ms Applegate gets into the back seat, and the Lyft driver takes off] Now the Lyft car must take the passenger to her destination, but look at this! The Hummer salesman is running the Lyft car off the road! And the Hummer salesman is taking the passenger to the car and he is gong to let her drive herself!"
Handicar,Mr. Stevenson,[pitching the Hummer to her] You've got a fully automated sound system and your sunroof is operated right here. What do you think? Huh? Can you see yourself in one of these puppies?
Handicar,Announcer,Elon Musk is using one of his kooky inventions to put the Hummer out of commission for good. [a cannon rises out of the Tesla and fires a shot at the Hummer. The missile hits the Hummer and blows it up.]
Handicar,Gerald,Wow.
Handicar,Randy,Geez!
Handicar,Stuart,God.
Handicar,Randy,Did you see that?! Oh!
Handicar,Announcer,"The passenger is being taken to the Tesla D now. [Mr. Stevenson is dead, the Hummer is totaled. Musk escorts Miss Applegate, but the South Park taxi driver scoops her up] No way! She just got snatched by the pissed off Russian in his taxi. Miss Applegate is now in the back of the taxi and she's being forced to watch Jimmy Fallon. [Fallon is rubbing a giant pickle in his guest's face. Meanwhile, The Queef has stupped running] Uh oh, the Canadian car has completely run out of queefs. [Heve tries three times, but there are no more queefs in her] With the race neearly over, it's taxi out in front followed by self-driving car, and then pulling up in third is Handicar!"
Handicar,Timmy,Timmih!
Handicar,Announcer,It's gonna be a close one!
Handicar,Dick Dastardly,"Not too close, Boopsie! [Muttley snickers]"
Handicar,Announcer,"Oh no, Dick Dastardly is up to no-do-goodery again."
Handicar,Randy,"Ohh! Ohh! Duuude! [Dick Dastardly saws a tree in two, and the tree falls on the taxi, destroying it and the self-driving car that runs into the taxi. The adults in the Broflovski living room react to this]"
Handicar,Gerald,Oh no! Ohh!
Handicar,Sharon,"Oh no, I can't watch! [shields her face.]"
Handicar,Randy,Oooo! Booom!
Handicar,Mrs. McCormick,Ohohohh!
Handicar,Stuart,Nice! Oh yeah! [Sheila just hides her eyes]
Handicar,Announcer,And there's Handicar to pick Miss Applegate up. [she climbs in and the Tesla is pulling up fast]
Handicar,Nathan,That's it! Handicar has the passenger! We're almost in range! Another hundred feet! [sees a bunch of cars closing in on him on his phone] Wait a minute. What the hell are all those cars? [lowers his window] Holy shit! [sees a fleet of Handicar drivers coming at the Tesla]
Handicar,HC drivers,Timmy! Timmy! [the drivers just bunch up on the Tesla and push it over on its side]
Handicar,Elon Musk,Aaaaaah!
Handicar,HC drivers,Timmy!
Handicar,Announcer,"We're near the finish line; the race is almost over. Handicar is in the lead, still way out in front of the ZipCar driven by Matthew McConaughey. [a shot of Matthew listening to his mood music]"
Handicar,Matthew McConaughey,Sometimes you gotta go forward by goin' backward. Are we drivin' cars or are cars... drivin' us?
Handicar,Announcer,"Dastardly car is racing past both. [Nathan and Mimsy hijacked it. Mimsy is driving] This could be an upset, folks. [Mimsy makes a U-turn and parks the Dastardly car off the road. He and Nathan get out]"
Handicar,Timmy,Timmih!
Handicar,Nathan,"Goodnight, you son of a bitch! [the ZipCar reaches them and Nathan presses the detonator on his control pad. The ZipCar blows up. Mimsy and Nathan take notice] Mimsy! I told you to put the explosives under Timmy's seat!"
Handicar,Mimsy,D'ahh you told me to put the explosives under the seat of that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves!
Handicar,Nathan,"Not that fake soft-spoken douchebag that everyone loves! [secondary explosions create a portal above Matthew McConaughey, and he's sucked in]"
Handicar,Announcer,"Oh my, it appears that an explosion has opend up a wormhole with Matthew McConaughey inside."
Handicar,Matthew McConaughey,"Mimsy! [the car levitates a bit, but as soon as the wormhole is gone, it falls back on the road]"
Handicar,Announcer,And there's the finish. It looks like Handicar has done it!
Handicar,Timmy,Timmih! [the handicapped kids all cheer]
Handicar,Scene Description,"The meeting room, day. Steve gives Timmy a ribbon"
Handicar,Steve,"A big congratulations to our fundraising champion! After selling the Handicar rights to Elon Musk, Timmy has raised 2.3 billion dollars for summer camp. [the kids cheer] Great job to all of you. This is sure to be the best summer camp ever! [more cheering]"
Handicar,Scene Description,"Nathan's house, night."
Handicar,Nathan's mom,"All set for bed, honey?"
Handicar,Nathan,Yeah I like to sleep at nighttime.
Handicar,Nathan's mom,"All right, goodnight. [kisses him on the temple and heads for the door]"
Handicar,Nathan,"Wait! [she stops] Wait, Mom? Can we talk?"
Handicar,Nathan's mom,"Um... yes, o-of course. [sits down on his bed]"
Handicar,Nathan,"This is very difficult, Mom. But um... You know how every year I go to summer camp? Well, I hate it. I hate it and I don't want to go anymore."
Handicar,Nathan's mom,"I'm sorry, I can't understand you honey. You're handicapped."
Handicar,Nathan,What's to understand? I'm telling you I don't want to that stupid camp anymore!
Handicar,Nathan's mom,You want water? Is that what you want?
Handicar,Nathan,No! I don't wanna go to camp!
Handicar,Nathan's mom,"Ohhh yes, okay honey, I'll turn off the lamp. [gets up, turns it off, and walks out, closing the door behind her]"
Handicar,Nathan,"No! That's not what I fucking said! [stumbles around in his room] Goddamnit, now I can't even see! Ow!"
Handicar,Scene Description,Outside Nathan's room
Handicar,Nathan's dad,What's he saying?
Handicar,Nathan's mom,"That he doesn't wanna go to summer camp this year, but I'll be damned if he's gonna ruin our Italy trip."
Handicar,Nathan's dad,Right.
Handicar,Nathan,[still stumbling in his room] Oh! Aah! Mimsy!
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Butters' room, day. He's at his computer singing to himself."
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Loo looloo loo loo loo loo, Loo looloo loo loo."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[opens Butters' door and enters] Hey, douchebag, are you doing anything kewl?"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Hey, Eric, I'm just lookin' at a video of bird eggs that I took."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[heads for Butters' bed] Oh goddamnit, nobody's doing anything kewl! [gets on Butters' bed and lays down on his back.] I'm so bored! Everything is so stupid!"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"I don't know, this bird nest is pretty neato."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"No, it isn't."
The Magic Bush,Butters,My dad and I shot it yesterday at the lake.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,That's stupid.
The Magic Bush,Butters,You can see the momma bird fly in.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,I'm dying of boredom.
The Magic Bush,Butters,We took all kinds of video with his drone.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[sits up, suddenly interested] What did you say?"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"[looks over his shoulder] You know, those drone thingies. You can make it fly anywhere, and shoot video, and stuff."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Your dad has a fucking drone?
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Butters and Cartman lift up the garage door and behold the drone"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Whooaa! [runs up to it for a closer look]
The Magic Bush,Butters,It can fly like a quarter mile away from whoever's controlling it. And it can take video the entire time right to your phone. Don't touch the propellers.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,[pulls his finger back and smiles at Butters] You wanna take it out for a spin?
The Magic Bush,Butters,Are you crazy?! This is my dad's drone!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,[runs up to Butters and stands next to him] Do you have any idea how much fun we can have with this thing? We can spy on everyone!
The Magic Bush,Butters,My dad said it's not for spying on people.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters, that's all drones are for. If we use it for a couple of minutes tonight, your dad will never know."
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Oh, he'll know. You can hear it take off."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Okay, good idea. [picks up the drone] We'll take it over to my house. Come over after dark. And don't tell anyone!"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"[goes to take the drone back] No, Eric. I don't wanna d-"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,[off screen] Butters?
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Oh, shit, it's your dad! Go, go, go! [leaves the garage with the drone as Butters faces the source of the call, then pulls down the garage door] I'll see you later at my house."
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Butters, are you home??"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Comin', Dad! [leaves the garage through the side door into the house]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. He's been working with the drone, figuring out how to operate it. There's a knock on his door."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters, is that you?"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Yes, it's me."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[opens the door just a crack and peeks out] Nobody followed you, right? You didn't tell anybody?!"
The Magic Bush,Butters,Of course not!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Alright, come in. [opens the door to reveal Kenny] Kenny's here; I told him all about it. [Kenny waves hello]"
The Magic Bush,Butters,What?! You said nobody would know!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"It's just Kenny. Like we're not gonna tell Kenny we have a fucking drone! Come on, Butters! Alright, come on, guys. I think I have this thing figured out. [outside, the drone sits in the grass in the backyard, 50 feet away from the house. Suddenly it rises to 23 feet, above the boys' heads, then veers to the right] Dude, no way! This thing is so epic! [the drone's camera shows some backyards through a fish-eye lens. A dog barks up at it from below.]"
The Magic Bush,Butters,Be careful! The powerlines!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Dude, look! There's everyone's backyards! [in the distance, Kenny's house is shown from the back two blocks away. The drone veers to the right and drops down a bit, headed for a back door] Dude there's Craig's house! That's Craig's house!"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,"(Okay, try to get closer!)"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Okay, uh, maybe that's enough. [the drone approaches Craig's window]"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Aw dude, look, there's Craig! Heheh. [Craig is shown at his computer. The drone moves to the next window and shows Craig's mom undressing.] Craig's mom is taking off her clothes."
The Magic Bush,Kenny,(Are you serious?!)
The Magic Bush,Butters,[gruffly] Let me see!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Check it out guys, she's taking o- Oh my God, we've got full bush!"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,(Stop taping!)
The Magic Bush,Butters,Jeeeeezz!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"This thing is recording, right?"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,(Yeah.)
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Dude! That is Craig's mom's bush right there! Wait, wait what's that? [Craig's mom has heard the drone and called her husband Thomas over. She stands behind him as they both look at the drone outside their window] Oh shit, dude! Bail! Bail! [thrusts the controller at Butters]"
The Magic Bush,Butters,What do I do?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,His dad sees you!
The Magic Bush,Butters,[begins to panic] I don't know what to do!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Fly back to the house, stupid!"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, night. Thomas Tucker bangs on the front door and Stephen comes to answer it."
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"You've got a problem, Stotch!"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,What are you talkin' about?
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"You know what I'm talkin' about! There was a drone spyin' on my wife, and you're the only person I know with a drone!"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,Hey now hold on. I am a drone hobby enthusiast. I would never use my drone in a way that contradicts the drone hobbyist code of conduct.
The Magic Bush,Thomas,Horseshit! Your drone is out there flyin' around right now!
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"I assure you, my drone is sitting in the garage. I'll show you."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, garage. Stephen leads Thomas to the garage. He opens the side door"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"There, you see? It's right there. [sure enough, the drone and its controller are on the garage floor as expected.]"
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"So, thuh so you flew it back here in time."
The Magic Bush,Stephen,I swear I didn't fly it.
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"Well, these things don't just fly themselves, do they? They outta be illegal. I'd better not find out it was your drone! [hurries out of the garage. Stephen looks at the drone and wonders... spooky theremin music plays, so he's a little afraid as well]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Butters' room, night. Stephen opens Butters' door and looks in"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,Butters?
The Magic Bush,Butters,"[already in his PJs and in bed, but clearly panting] Oh, heh-hey, Dad."
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Butters, did you hear the drone making any sounds in the garage?"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"[panting throughout] Ah, hold on Dad. I should be sleepin'. Why do you ask?"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Nothing, son. It's nothing. Get back to sleep, pal. Love you."
The Magic Bush,Butters,"I love you too, Dad. [Stephen leaves and closes the door. That was close.]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. At the bus stop, Cartman and Kenny wait for the school bus"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Alright, alright, shh Kenny, here come Stan and Kyle. Remember, not a word about this to anyone!"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,"(Yeah, I know, dude.)"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Not a word, Kenny!"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,(Alright!) [Stan and Kyle's voices are heard]
The Magic Bush,Stan,"Yeah, but seriously, it's like there's no real thing to hang on to, you know?"
The Magic Bush,Kyle,"Yeah, I don't even know if I'm gonna watch it anymore."
The Magic Bush,Stan,I know. [they take their places next to Cartman]
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Hey, you guys."
The Magic Bush,Stan,"Sup? [the pressure gets to Cartman, but he resists. He finally cracks]"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,You guys wanna see Craig's mom's bush?
The Magic Bush,Kenny,(Dude! What the fuck!)
The Magic Bush,Stan,What?
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Somebody, I guess, was spying on Craig's mom and they got pictures of her bush, and it's like, it's like a yeti. You guys wanna check it out? [whips out his phone]"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,(Dude!)
The Magic Bush,Kyle,"That's horrible. If that's true, I don't wanna see it."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,You don't wanna see Craig's mom's bush.
The Magic Bush,Kyle,Not if somebody took pictures without her knowing.
The Magic Bush,Stan,Let me see.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[shows Stan] Locked and loaded. Full metal bush, bro."
The Magic Bush,Stan,How'd you get that on your phone?
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Oh. Um, uh... Kenny? [motions for Kenny to get closer, but Kenny doesn't budge] Oh, it was on the Internet. Yeah, I just downloaded it off the Internet and nobody knows who took it. Huh, Kenny?"
The Magic Bush,Kenny,[grudgingly] (Uh huh.)
The Magic Bush,Kyle,That's terrible!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"I know, right? Now everyone's gonna see it."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, later. Craig is at his locker when Jimmy, Token and Clyde approach him"
The Magic Bush,Jimmy,"Hey, Craig, have you checked out the Internet lately? [he and the other two chuckle]"
The Magic Bush,Craig,What are you talking about? [Cartman comes into view at the end of the hall and walks towards the boys room]
The Magic Bush,Jimmy,Ohhhh nothin'. It's just that... y-you might wanna invest in some hedge clippers. [he and the other two chuckle. Cartman chuckles as well]
The Magic Bush,Craig,For what?
The Magic Bush,Jimmy,"Ohhhh nothin'. You just might wanna... hire Tarzan to do some... landscaping work for your mom. [he and the other two chuckle. Butters comes out of nowhere and shoves Cartman into the boys room, slamming him into the stall 1 wall]"
The Magic Bush,Butters,What the heck are you doing?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Whoa, Butters, chillax, bro."
The Magic Bush,Butters,When did you put Craig's mom's bush on the Internet?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Butters-
The Magic Bush,Butters,You promised me we wouldn't get in trouble!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Butters. Butters.
The Magic Bush,Butters,Now everyone is gonna know what we were doing!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters, I had to! [Butters lets him go] Okay, I had to put it on the Internet!"
The Magic Bush,Butters,WHY?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Because Stan saw the video on my phone, alright? If the video is only on my phone, then clearly we did it! If we downloaded it off the Internet, then anyone could have done it!"
The Magic Bush,Butters,I should have never listened to you! Ah I should have known this would get out of hand!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters, don't start playing the blame game here, okay?! You and Kenny are just as responsible! And the next time you wanna shove me, just remember, I'm covering your ass! [they leave the restroom. Stall 1 opens and Kyle steps out, angry at what he just heard]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Neighborhood Watch meeting, Roger Donovan's house, evening."
The Magic Bush,Roger,"Hi everyone. For those of you I don't know as well, my name is Roger Donovan, and un, just like you I'm pretty upset about what's going on in our neighborhood."
The Magic Bush,Thomas,How are these drones legal?! My wife didn't deserve to be splayed all over the Internet like that!
The Magic Bush,Roger,"Yes, well luckily nobody's watched the video of course. [a round of denials from the gathered adults] But the fact is that these drones are only getting more popular. I mean, anyone can get a drone off Amazon for 200 bucks, and there's no laws and the whole thing is pretty damned hairy. Oh-ohh, God I'm sorry Laura. [she looks around and gets mad] You know I I meant the situation is pretty hairy, right? Nothin' to do with you p-personally. I mean, how would I even know? I didn't see it. [she crosses her arms] Um..."
The Magic Bush,Randy,"[stands up] Look, we're all here because what happened to Laura could happen to any of us. There's nobody regulating these drones and if we don't do something now, we're gonna be up to our navels with bush. [winces. Sharon puts her face in her left hand] Oh um, up to our necks in trouble. Sorry. [sits down and looks at Sharon]"
The Magic Bush,Laura Tucker,"You know, it used to be called ""natural"". Completely shaving bald down there used to be the weird thing."
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"It's okay honey, the-"
The Magic Bush,Laura,"But now, because I ""choose"" not to let society dictate how hairy my vagina should be,"
The Magic Bush,Randy,Eeww.
The Magic Bush,Laura,I'm labelled as some kind of freaking monster!
The Magic Bush,Roger,"And and and that's the point. I mean, we all have things about ourselves that are embarrassing, that that-"
The Magic Bush,Laura,I'm not embarrassed about it! It's natural!
The Magic Bush,Stuart,It's a lot of natural.
The Magic Bush,Roger,"Look, look, why we're here is because it's gonna take all of us, a neighborhood watch, to make sure that our community stays safe."
The Magic Bush,Mr. Garrison,"Yeah, but how can we keep that close a watch on the whole neighborhood?"
The Magic Bush,Randy,It's simple.
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, day. The first Neighborhood Watch drone, which is black, appears, followed by more drones."
The Magic Bush,Randy,"Oh yeah, this is gonna work great. [smiles]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,The bus stop. The four boys are there. A Neighborhood Watch drone flies over it and then flies off.
The Magic Bush,Kyle,Are you happy now?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,What? [the drone returns and goes the other way]
The Magic Bush,Kyle,"Is, is this? Do you think this is cool?"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,What does that have to do with me?
The Magic Bush,Kyle,"See, when you start invading people's privacy, eh thinking it's harmless to put up pictures of them they didn't want up - Kenny! - you start a domino effect that eventually screws everything up for everybody!"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Kenny has no idea what you're talking about, dude."
The Magic Bush,Kyle,"I was in the bathroom when you were talking to Butters, Cartman! [another drone floats by in the background] I know what-"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,You were what?!
The Magic Bush,Kyle,I was in the bathroom-
The Magic Bush,Cartman,You were spying on me?!
The Magic Bush,Kyle,"No, I was taking a crap, and I heard you guys talking!"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"But you didn't say anything?! That's fucking spying, Kyle!"
The Magic Bush,Kyle,How is that spying?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"You were listening, but we didn't know you were there?! How is that not spying?! You'r a dick! You're a spying dick! And now you wanna lecture Kenny about spying?! Fuck you, hypocrite dick spy! [another drone hovers by]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"A strip mall, day. One of the stores there is The Hobby Enthusiast. Stephen and Butters go inside."
The Magic Bush,Clerk,"Hello, can I help you?"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Yes, I'd like to return this drone. [sets it on the counter. The clerk looks through the open box]"
The Magic Bush,Clerk,You wanna return it?
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Yes, I'm... I'm not into the hobby anymore."
The Magic Bush,Clerk,The hobby of flyin' drones is new and exciting. How can you not be into it? [Butters puts his arms tight against his sides and glances here and there]
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Look, something's wrong with it. It does things, it... [leans in] flies by itself."
The Magic Bush,Clerk,"Uhh, noo, somebody has to control it."
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"[stands straight] You don't understand. It was in the garage and the battery was fully charged. Someone said they'd seen it flying around, so I checked. [leans in] The battery was half empty."
The Magic Bush,Clerk,"[looks at Butters, then back at Stephen] I'm sorry, but we don't do returns. [Butters relaxes a bit]"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Please, I just want another hobby to get enthused about."
The Magic Bush,Clerk,"Sir, did you try looking at the SD card? All the video gets recorded to that so you could probably determine who flew it. [Butters tenses up again]"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,You think I didn't try that? I pulled out the SD card. It was all erased. Somehow it erased everything.
The Magic Bush,Clerk,"Uh, sir, did you consider that your son might have done that?"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"No, it's impossible. He's not allowed to fly it without my supervision. [looks down to his right, then to his left. The clerk fixes his gaze on him]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,A closeup of Thomas putting his pants on. He hears a Neighborhood Watch drone buzz by and looks out his bedroom windows
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"Oh for God's sakes! [goes into the bathroom, where he sees Laura at the sink, having just gotten out of the shower. He also sees another drone outside the window, which has open curtains] Goddamnit get the hell out of here! [the drone hurries away, and he goes to the window and closes the curtains] That DOES IT!"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Park County Police Department, day. The Tuckers are there to file a police report"
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"You people have to do something! You're the law, and these things NEED to BE illegal!"
The Magic Bush,Officer 1,"But they aren't illegal, Mr. Tucker."
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"Our privacy was invaded, and now there are kids at school making music videos with the footage of my wife! Have you seen what they're doing?!"
The Magic Bush,Sgt. Yates,"Nono, none of us watched the video, but if we did, we could handle it. We're police officers. We see sickening things like that every day."
The Magic Bush,Officer 1,"We understand the humiliation your wife has gone through, Mr. Tucker, but we don't-"
The Magic Bush,Laura,"I haven't been ""humiliated"", I've been wronged! We are here to ask for your help, now are you gonna help us or not?!"
The Magic Bush,Officer 1,Well that'd probably be best left to a professional hair removal company.
The Magic Bush,Officer 2,Or perhaps a forest ranger?
The Magic Bush,Thomas,Help us with the drones spying on us!!
The Magic Bush,Sgt. Yates,"All right, all right. We'll do everything we can."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman walks by the boys restroom when Butters comes at him again and shoves him into the restroom, again slamming him into the stall 1 wall."
The Magic Bush,Butters,Are you out of your mind?! What are you doing?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Butters.
The Magic Bush,Butters,"Why would you turn ""Craig's mom's bush"" into a music video starring us?!"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Because, Butters-"
The Magic Bush,Butters,Why can't you leave it alone?! Why can't you just stop?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[brushes Butters' hands off his jacket] Because, Butters, Kyle was spying on us, okay- [stops and kneels down to see if there's anyone in the stall, then gets up again] Kyle was spying on us, and he knows that we put the video of Craig's mom on the Internet. He found out everything. That's why I had to make another video."
The Magic Bush,Butters,Why?!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Because when Kyle said he heard us say we made the video, we can say we were talking about THIS video. ""Ohh, thank you Eric, that's pretty smart. I really owe you one."""
The Magic Bush,Butters,That poor lady. Her vagina is everywhere. Poor Craig.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters, we live in a world where privacy is gone. Okay? It's... It' just gone, bud. Your wiener, my balls, they're public domain. You can get on the Internet right now and look at that chick from Hunger Games butthole. We can either all freak out about it, or we can just calm down because honestly, I'm getting a little sick of covering your ass!"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, night. A Neighborhood Watch drone flies around and hones in on the Broflovski house. Gerald is on the couch eating a slice of cake and watching TV - Real Housewives of Atlanta."
The Magic Bush,Randy,"Heheh, Gerald is watching Housewives of Atlanta."
The Magic Bush,Sharon,You're supposed to be keeping watch on the neighborhood.
The Magic Bush,Randy,"I am. Let's see what Nelson's doing. [the drone leaves the Broflovski house and hovers over to the Neloson house, where Nelson is having sex with his girl. Randy puts his wine glass on the bedstand and concentrates on the video feed. He glances at Sharon a few times to see if she's noticing. She isn't. Soon, a police drone appears, with blue and red flashing lights and a siren. It aims for Randy's drone.] Oh shit! [gets his drone to fly off, but the police drone keeps up] Dude! Neighborhood Watch! I'm Neighborhood Watch! [has the drone turn to face the police drone, which is armed. The police drone fires two rounds into Randy's drone, which falters. Sharon finally looks over] I've been shot! [his drone crashes into a backyard] No! Noooo!"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,News 4 breaking news.
The Magic Bush,Anchor,"Shock and outrage all over the state tonight after an on-duty police drone chased and shot down an unarmed civilian drone, and worst of all, yes, the civilian drone was black. [a picture of a similar drone pops up behind him]"
The Magic Bush,Jimbo,What gives them the right to shoot down our drones?!
The Magic Bush,Randy,I wasn't doing anything wrong! This is a complete outrage to drone owners everywhere!
The Magic Bush,Farmer,"It was about yay big. [strokes the back of his head] I mean the hair on it was out to here [spreads his arms out so there's three feet between his hands], and then it had another trail of hair down from her belly button. I mean, the, the drone. Yeah, that's what I saw. That that's all I saw."
The Magic Bush,Anchor,"While police claim they were only following standard protocol, the drone owners are banding together and holding a candlelight vigil."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. A group of civilian drones hovers down the street, each drone holding a lit candle. Sirens and lights come up and the drones turn right to see police drones approaching"
The Magic Bush,Police drone,"Please disperse. Candles on top of drones are a fire hazard, [the civilian drones look at each other] Return to your garages."
The Magic Bush,Mr. Garrison,[on his bed holding the controller and a glass of wine] What the hell are these police drones doing? We can't protest now?
The Magic Bush,Steve,"[on his bed with Linda, his wife] Just hover, honey. They can't do anything if we're just hovering."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Randy's house, later. Someone is banging on his front door, and he goes to answer it. It's Stephen, with Butters on the sidewalk"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,[looking frazzled] Randy. We need to talk.
The Magic Bush,Randy,Okay.
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Inside. [Randy lets him in and moments later sits on the sofa with Sharon and Butters. Stephen paces the floor before them] I've been going over it and over it in my head. I thought Butters and I were alone, but then I saw you on the news. [walks up to Randy] Another drone hobby enthusiast whose drone was blamed for something the enthusiast didn't recall doing. Randy, this is very important. Is it possible that you did something contrary to the proper code of conduct for drone-flying enthusiasts?"
The Magic Bush,Randy,No. I didn't. [theremin music starts up as Stephen walks back to where he was]
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"I thought it was just my drone, but I think it might be all of them."
The Magic Bush,Randy,What might be?
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth! Our drone flew! The battery was drained! The SD card was erased! Butters was the only other person who had access to it! Butters can't use the drone without my supervision! So where does that leave us, Randy??"
The Magic Bush,Randy,...Drones are spooky?
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"If they have minds of their own, they're more than spooky! I don't know about you, but I'm starting to feel pretty unenthused about this hobby."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,News 4 news break.
The Magic Bush,Anchor,"The town of South Park has become a hotbed of tension with civilians lashing out at police. After police used excessive force at a peaceful protest, the town has now broken out into full-scale riots. [sure enough, there are riots all over the place, but no humans are rioting. It's all the drones. One drone crashes into a building, then bounces off it and into a car through the windshield. Another drown crashes through Tele's display window and two others make off with a flatscreen TV] As the people of South Park continue to protest, the South Park police are now ordering a mandatory reverse curfew. The governor has asked for help from the National Guard to bring order to the town."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"South Park, day. National Guard drones begin flying into town. In one house, a woman goes to undress. A drone stops by to get a closer look, and a second one joins it, then they both fly off. The woman hears the buzzing and looks out her window."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,20/20 preview
The Magic Bush,Announcer,"Tonight on an all-new 20/20. [a Viper probe droid appears onscreen...] A town in crisis over the matter of privacy. [...and gets a red ""NO"" circle stamped on it] Now for the first time we sit down and talk to the mom behind the bush."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,The Tucker house. A 20/20 reporter is interviewing Thomas and Laura in low light
The Magic Bush,Reporter,You've become sort of a poster child for privacy and drone issues.
The Magic Bush,Laura,"I don't think anyone wants to live in a world where police drones are monitoring Neighborhood Watch drones. I mean, where does it stop?"
The Magic Bush,Reporter,It just... keeps going on and on. Kind of like your... [Laura gets mad] I mean... it just... goes outside what most people would call... acceptable.
The Magic Bush,Laura,Have you ever seen pictures of naked women before 2005?! It's not that weird!
The Magic Bush,Thomas,"It's okay, honey."
The Magic Bush,Reporter,"I didn't see the video. I don't believe in doing that, but uh... I'm just saying that... the situation in in your town is... unwieldy? [the power begins to flicker and on monitors everywhere the image of Stephen appears, with Butters behind him. Stephen now has facial hair and a paranoid look about him]"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,Please do not adjust your televisions!
The Magic Bush,Reporter,What is that?
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"My name is Stephen Willis Stotch. The drone that took the video of Craig's mom... was my drone. I didn't want to believe it, but they do things without us knowing. At this point, I have completely lost all enthusiasm for the hobby. [a shot of Gerald and Sheila in bed with their glasses of wine and their controllers] All of you with drones, please listen to me. Three days ago my drone recorded a video that something uploaded to the Internet. We all were told to respectfully not watch the video. But on the page, [holds up a printout of the YouTube page] it has over three hundred million views, so if none of us watched it, who did? [a shot of Gerald and Sheila, then Steve and Linda] We have to find a way to get rid of them! Before they get rid of us!"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. His doorbell rings and he goes to answer it. It's Butters, and behind him are police drones and National Guard drones"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Oh hey Butters. Sup?
The Magic Bush,Butters,Do you remember when I showed you the video of the little bird eggs? Well that's the last time I felt happy.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Dude, what's the matter?"
The Magic Bush,Butters,I have to tell the truth. I want you and Kenny to come with me and tell Craig's mom we're sorry and that we'll-
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Okay okay okay. Come inside, there's drones out here. [takes Butters in and closes the door]"
The Magic Bush,Butters,"I don't want anymore discussions, Eric! I don't want anymore excuses!"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Butters.
The Magic Bush,Butters,I just want to end this so we can take our punishment and be done with it!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[while Butters speaks] Okay. Okay. Butters, Butters."
The Magic Bush,Butters,I don't want all these drones everywhere! Nobody does!
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters. BUTTERS. All right, all right Butters, fine! I have a way that we can get rid of all the drones."
The Magic Bush,Butters,You do?
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Yes. Everyone is sick of it, it's just that everyone is waiting for everyone else to stop. We can put an end to it all tonight. We're just gonna need one thing."
The Magic Bush,Butters,What?
The Magic Bush,Cartman,Your dad's drone.
The Magic Bush,Butters,NO! There is NO WAY I'm gonna-
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Butters. Butters Butters! Jennifer Lawrence's butthole didn't take picture of itself! It started with her! Right? Just like this started with you spying on birds! Now I'm willing to bail you out of all this, but I swear it's the last time! Okay?!"
The Magic Bush,Butters,...Okay.
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. Stephen is at the sofa preparing a sizeable bomb. He's soldering the ends of a cable together, then takes a sip of spirits, then picks up a grenade launcher and pops a grenade in place. He stands up"
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"Time to end this hobby once and for all! [he moves stealthily to his garage, opens the door, and jumps in ready to blow his drone up, but finds it missing again] No! NOOOO!"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,Cartman's house. Kenny is back with Butters and Cartman as Cartman gets ready to execute his next big idea.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[with the controller] Alright, we've got power. Prepare for takeoff."
The Magic Bush,Butters,"If this doesn't work, we're dead."
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"It'll work, Butters. If there's one thing we've learned, it's that drones can't resist Craig's mom. [he gets the drone going. It rises, pulling behind it a blow-up doll made to resemble Laura, with a large bushy wig over the crotch. The drone and doll hover away from Cartman's house.]"
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night. The police drones, some with shields, hover over the civilian drones. A news drone flies by. Both sides jockey for positions, but then notice the National Guard drones arriving. One of the civilian drones then notices the sex doll floating by. The doll floats up to the police drones and National Guard drones and they take notice too. The doll floats away and all the drones, civilian, police, and National Guard, follow. The doll floats through the town gathering more and more drones. It goes over the bridge and across Stark's Pond, luring all the drones away. Where they ended up is anybody's guess."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,"A convention room, night, several days later. Stephen Stotch is at the podium with the rest of the town seated at tables. Everyone is applauding the Tuckers, but Laura isn't pleased."
The Magic Bush,Stephen,"We're here tonight to pay tribute to a woman who overcame humiliation, who rose above the monsters invading her privacy and said ""No more!"" Just when it seemed that we were about to live in a world controlled by drones, she did something miraculous. And someday, our children's children will still be telling stories about how Craig' mom flew through the town and led all the drones away. [more applause, and Laura buries her face in her right hand. A minstrel with lute comes out to sing Laura's praises]"
The Magic Bush,Minstrel,Have you heard the tale of Craig's mom's bush And the night that it saved us from drones? Nobody knew the power it had. They just thought it was shaggy and gross. Craig's mom live a life of shame and despair Everyone feared her great giant bush!
The Magic Bush,Laura,They didn't!
The Magic Bush,Minstrel,"But then when drones were filling the sky, She unfurled her bush and she used it to fly. Craig's mom's bush, Craig's mom's bush. Gargantuan thicket of madness. Bigger than earth and denser than gold. Truly a magical bush to behold."
The Magic Bush,Scene Description,Butters' and Cartman's table. Butters is a bit distraught. The minstrel continues with the lute and some whistling
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"Well, you see, Butters, everything worked out. [Butters doesn't respond] ""Oh, thank you, Eric. I screwed up everything, but now everyone's happy. Thanks for covering my ass."""
The Magic Bush,Butters,Craig's mom doesn't seem very happy.
The Magic Bush,Cartman,"[taken aback, then sighs] Alright, I have a way that we can make Craig's mom happy."
The Magic Bush,Butters,"No! No, no! I'm sorry. Thank you, Eric! I screwed up everything, but now everyone's happy! Thanks for covering my ass!"
The Magic Bush,Cartman,You're welcome. [the minstrel begins to sing again]
The Magic Bush,Minstrel,"And she flew and she flew away into the sun And then she died. Craig's mom's bush, Craig's mom's bush. Truly a magical bush to behold."
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The hallway is full of students. Kyle walks down the hallway. Jimmy passes him going the other way, but notices him and walks over."
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Oh! Hey, Kyle! [Kyle looks over his shoulder] Kyle, hang on a sec. [He's holding his phone, on which is a Terrance & Phillip game]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"[turns to face him] Hey, Jimmy. What's up?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Not much. I just wanted to make sure you heard the fuh-fantastic news. There's a new Terrance & Phillip mobile game, and it's so amazing and incredibly fun."
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,Oh. Really?
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Yeah! And the most unbelievable part? It's totally free. You should download it to your phone right now. I mean, come. On. If it's free, why wouldn't you?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"[considers it for a moment] Cool. Thanks, Jimmy, well, I'll check it out."
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"You betcha, pal. [grins. Kyle turns and walks away and the grin fades. Jimmy turns and continues on his way]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,Close-up view of the Terrance & Phillip Mobile Game
Freemium Isn't Free,Announcer,"The Terrance & Phillip Mobile Game. [The game goes from the splash screen to a layout of their town, starting at their house. Coins float over the streets, ready to be grabbed. The announcer pops into view] In this game, you are Terrance & Phillip. Can you collect all the Canadian coins? *poot* [disappears.]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, side entrance. Kyle has downloaded the game and is now playing it while Butters sits next to him on the steps and watches. Kyle taps on a coin..."
Freemium Isn't Free,Announcer,"That's one coin. Can you collect more? [Kyle taps on more coins on the screen] You've collected ten Canadian coins! [a big red 10 appears on a yellow star] Congratulations! [that word, also in red, appears above the 10] Hey, you're really good at this, guy!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,What?
Freemium Isn't Free,Butters,"Congratulations, Kyle."
Freemium Isn't Free,Announcer,"[pops up again] With Canada coins, you can buy stuff that helps Terrance & Phillip rebuild Canada. [only five buildings, all houses, are shown, with the rest of the area being undeveloped] Run around and collect more coins, or better yet, buy them in bulk! [a Royal Bank price chart appears, with purchases going from 200 Canadian coins for 49 cents to 5700 for $50] How many Canadian coins would you like to buy?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,This is stupid!
Freemium Isn't Free,Butters,"Well, it's just 49 cents for the cheapest one. [Kyle taps on the button and coins pop out at him]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Announcer,You buy 200 Canadian coins for 49 cents! You're amazing! Now use that Canadough to help rebuild Canada! Click to build a hospital here. [a floating red arrow pops up on the empty block across from Terrance & Phillip's house. Kyle taps on it and the hospital appears]
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance & Phillip,Yaaay!
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,It's still stupid and now I paid 49 cents for it!
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,[approaching wit Kenny] What are you two boners doing?
Freemium Isn't Free,Butters,We're playing the Terrance & Phillip Freemium Game.
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,I played that thing; it's fuckin' dumb. I ended up paying like five bucks.
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,Who makes this crap?
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Canadian Department of Mobile Gaming, day. It's a busy place, as suits go in and out of the building. A hockey skater zips by on the street with a puck. Inside, in a meeting room, two men are at a table. One of them is on a laptop while the other watches. The meeting room is ringed with curtains"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Oh! It's tewwific! That's 200,000 more American dollars in just one day!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,Where is the roof on this thing?
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,[the double doors burst open and Terrance & Phillip storm their way in] What's the big idea making a mobile game without our approval?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Ohh, Terrance & Phillip! How are Canada's two favorite buddies?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,What gives you the right to make a stupid Terrance & Phillip mobile game?! Who do you think you are?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"Oh, I'm only the Prince of Canada! And this happens to be the Minister of Mobile Gaming."
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,We thought you would be pleased with the quality of the mobile game-eh.
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,It's the dumbest game ever! All you do is collect and spend Canadough!
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"Ey! We know the game's not great, but who cares? It's free!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,"But it's not free! If you charge 40 cents here and 50 cents there, then it's not free!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,[low voice] They see through the charade.
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"Uh oh, you think so?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"I think they see through the charade, yes."
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"I'm pretty sure they can hear us too. [Yes, and they're not pleased one bit.]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Alright, fuck it! You've seen through the charade, so you might as well know everything. Charade up! [walks up to a large heavy rope and pulls on it. A bell sounds and the curtain around the room go up, revealing white boards that show how the mobile game is set up. Terrance & Phillip are suddenly bewildered] Allow me to explain the science behind micropay premium gaming. For years, gaming was simple: you pay for the game and you enjoy. With mobile apps, we now have the ability to make games that are boring and stupid. But if you pay for incentives, you're rewarded!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"Free""mium"". The ""mium"" is Latin for ""not really."""
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"It's a simple cycle, a never-ending loop based on RPGs: Explore -> Collect -> Spend -> Improve. But whereas those just use the concept of XP or Experience Points, we've introduced the idea of micro-paying with money. Money. Money. Money money money money."
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,It's what everyone is doing. Freemium games are what's now. And it's all just a lot of harmless fun!
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, evening. Randy and Sharon have Stan on the sofa"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"You're in big trouble, Stanley! Can you explain to us how you managed to spend $489 on a mobile app?! [whips out a phone bill. Sharon's arms are crossed]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,I'm sorry. I didn't realize I spent that much.
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"You didn't realize! What are ""Canadian coins""?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,You buy Canadian coins so you have Canadough.
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"Stan, just because I make a good living with my music doesn't mean you can go blow it all on Canadough!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"I'll pay you back for it, okay?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,How?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"I don't know, I'll figure it out! Jesus Christ!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The master bedroom, later. Randy changes into red pajamas while Sharon is already in her white ones sipping some water."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"Can you believe him?! He knew how much he was spending! He knew he'd get in trouble, but it didn't matter! [Sharon lies down] I hate to say it, but this is a lot like his grandpa."
Freemium Isn't Free,Sharon,Wull whattaya mean?
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,[faces Sharon] Dad's always had a gambling problem. He's got total addiction tendencies. Could he have somehow... passed those demons down to Stan?
Freemium Isn't Free,Sharon,Well then you certainly have some of those problems too with drinking.
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"I had a problem, but I was able to stop. Now I only drink gluten-free beer and wine. But with Stan, I think there's some darkness inside him that... doesn't... allow him to stop.[dramatic exit music]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,Back to the Canadian Department of Mobile Gaming.
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"And so in conclusion, the successful premium game is based on five principles: entice the player with a simple game loop, use lots of flashing cha-chings and compliments to make the player feel good about themselves, train the players to spend your fake currency, offer the player a way to spend real currency for your fake currency-"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,So they'll forget they're spending money.
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,-and make the game about waiting. But let the player pay not to wait. It's a surefire way to make lots of money.
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,"We understand micropaying, but can't the game hidden inside the charade it- just at least be fun?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"No no! It has to be just barely fun. If the game were too fun, then there would be no reason to micropay in order to make it more fun. [the Prince gives Terrance and Phillip each a check.]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,What's this?
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,Your checks of course. For ten million American dollars. Each.
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,So this is- Everyone is doing this?
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,Ehhhveryone is doing it.
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,It's just the way things are going?
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,It's the way things are going!
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,"Well, I guess if everyone is just paying forty cents at a time it can't be that bad."
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Stan's bedroom, day. Stan is playing the Terrance & Phillip mobile game in bed"
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,"[in the game] Hey Phillip! [Stan's bedroom door opens and in walk Kyle, Kenny, and Cartman]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,Ohhh hey guys.
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,You... missed school today?
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Yeah, I just wasn't feelin' the best."
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,Did you play the Terrance & Phillip freemium game all day?
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Well yeah, I was sick in bed. What else was I gonna do?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,"How much money did you micropay today, Stan?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Nothing! Dude, I bought like $10 worth of Canadough. But check it out, I unlocked the stadium in Toronto. [smiles]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,You spent $10 and eight hours to unlock a stadium?
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"You guys, is it that much dumber than video games you play?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,Yes.
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"It's just something to kill some time. Like Jimmy said, it's a cool way to zone out."
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Waitwaitwait, Jimmy told you about this game?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,Jimmy told me about this game.
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Kenny, who told you about this game?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kenny,(Jimmy.)
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Dude, what?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,The?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Kenny,(Fuck?!)
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"A street corner in South Park, near a fast-food restaurant. Jimmy stands there with phone in hand. He spots someone."
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Pssst. Hey, kid. Come over here. [a boy crosses the street and stands next to him] Yeah, come on over. Ch-check this out. You looking to have some fun?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Boy,What do you mean?
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,The Terrance & Phillip mobile game. [whips it out] All the cool kids are usin' it.
Freemium Isn't Free,Boy,"Aw, I don't know."
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Come, on, just try it out. You can be Terrance or Phillip or both. You can walk around and collect Canada cash to build new stuff. [Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny appear at the other end of the block and spot him, then walk towards him a few seconds later] It's the perfect thing if you're bored. And honestly, the best part about it, is it's free. I mean, come. On. Why wouldn't you download it, and just try it out? [the boys reach him]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Hey, uh, Jimmy, can we talk?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Why sure fellas. [the boy turns left and walks away] Anyway, be sure to check it out, kid."
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"[walks up to him] Dude, what are you doing?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,Just hangin' out. What are you up to?
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,You need to stop recommending that app to people!
Freemium Isn't Free,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,Everyone we know says they heard about it from you!
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"I just think it's a fabulous app, that's all."
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,It's not a fabulous app! It's fuckin' stupid!
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"[crosses his arms] Let me ask you something, Jimmy: What happens on level 2 after you get the Ontario Nugget?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"[on the spot] Alright, alright! I never played it. I stay away from the stuff."
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,You just push it on other people?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,They pay me to!
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Who, Jimmy?! Who pays you?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Canadian Department of Mobile Gaming, day. The Prince looks out over the new construction going on in the city, then turns around"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"You've both done an amazing job. New hospitals, new neighborhoods, all funded by one freemium game."
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,"Ahh, listen, ahh, we've been talking it over, and we really are uncomfortable with this freemium thing."
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,Oh. Ah what is the matter?
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,"It seems dishonest and we have a brand to protect. [Terrance jumps up and farts on Phillip, who laughs.]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"But just look at all the things we're getting to build. Soon, Canada will be as advanced and developed as Michigan."
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,We're just worried that some people will abuse the game and start spending more money than they can afford.
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Hoh non! Well, we certainly wouldn't want that! [gasps] Oh! I have an idea! How about we take some of the billions of dollars we are making and, we start a campaign to teach everyone to play the game in ""moderation""?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,Ohhhhh. [claps furiously]
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,Do you really think that would help?
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,Of course! The alcohol industry does it all the time!
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,Live commercial for alcohol. A montage of people enjoying alcohol and the good life that often accompanies it.
Freemium Isn't Free,Announcer,"You. Friends. Fun. Drink. Hot girls. You're hot. Drink more. Expensive cars. Ass, drink, ass, money, you in a tuxedo, threesomes, vodka, pussy, drink, drink, drink, you, drink, Vegas, fun, pussy, you, in a tuxedo, fucking this girl, vodka, drink drink drink drink it all you fucking pussy! MORE TUXEDOS, MORE CARS, MORE PUSSY, MORE VODKA, DRINK DRINK DRINK! [screen goes black with ""Drink Responsibly"" in white on it] Please drink responsibly."
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Three Feathers Casino, day. The camera pans from left to right. Randy appears in the far end of the casino and walks to the right"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"Come on. This way, Stan. I want you to see this. There you go. [Stan catches up] That's your grandpa. He sits at that slot machine and mindlessly drains money away a little bit at a time. Sound familiar? All the little sounds and lights are calculated to keep him sitting at that stupid machine. [they approach Marvin] Come on Dad, we're going home."
Freemium Isn't Free,Marvin,"[playing at a 25 cent Lucky Unicorn slot machine] Ah, go away."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,Do you know what you've done to your grandson? You've infected him with your bullshit!
Freemium Isn't Free,Marvin,What are you talkin' about?
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, some time later, day. Randy is pacing the floor in front of the sofa as Stan and Marvin sit and listen"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,I just don't understand what is wrong with you two! What is the joy that this stuff possibly brings you?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,It's just...
Freemium Isn't Free,Marvin,It's fun.
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Yeah, it's fun."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,It's not fun! You two have demons you're trying to compensate for!
Freemium Isn't Free,Marvin,Well what about you?! You're havin' a glass of wine!
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"I'm not having a glass of wine, I'm having six! [walks up to a small buffet cabinet on which sit six different glasses of wine, from syrah to rosé] It's called a tasting, and it's classy![Marvin looks away]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Dad, I'm not addicted. I can stop. I just like playing it, but I don't have to. I'll prove it."
Freemium Isn't Free,Marvin,"[faces forward] Yeah, and if he stops, I'll stop."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"All right. And if you two stop, then we won't have a problem anymore. [gulps down the glass of Merlot] HM. Earthy, bold, hint of cherry aftertones. *uurp*"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,Jimmy's house. He stands by a window contemplating
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,Is it my responsibility what people decide to do with their feh-f-free time? I was just a middleman. [turns around and walks across the room] People were going to learn about the game somewhere if not from me. I'm not the one who made it.
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,But you accepted money from the Canadian government! To push a freemium game on us! Why would they do that?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,How do you get people addicted to crack? You give it away for free. You give away a little taste and then... and then some people... can't stop themselves.
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,[approaches Jimmy and grabs him by the shirt collar] And now Stan is so consumed by the shit you've been pushing that he can't even see through it! How could you sell out your friend?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"I needed the money, alright?! [Cartman releases him and he walks off a bit] I downloaded Yum Yum Sparkly Gem Forest because it was free. I love the sparkly little gems. The sounds they made when I got new ones. Then I made my first in-app purchase. Before I knew it I had spent my allowance, then my birthday money, I LOST my CRUTCHES!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,You have your crutches!
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"It's a figure of speech with crippled people. We'd say we lost an arm and a leg, but they ain't worth much."
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,That makes sense.
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,You're saying these games do this on purpose?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,[faces the boys] Why do you think freemium games send you those text notifications when you haven't played in a while? It's called a trigger. A quick image to trigger the addict's brain. They know exactly what they're doing.
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Stan's bedroom, night. He's awake in bed looking at the ceiling. The first notification comes in on his phone"
Freemium Isn't Free,Voice Notification,"Hey, buddy. Come on, guy. [Stan turns to his left side and the notification disappears, but just as he closes his eyes another one follows.] Come back, friend. You've got new buddies, guy. [Stan takes his pillow and puts it over his head. The third notification comes in] We've just given you 5000 Canadian coins. [Stan quickly looks at his phone] Enjoy your Canadough."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"...Free? [puts his pillow back on the mattress, grabs the phone and starts playing again]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Marsh kitchen, day. Randy and Stan are in it"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"What is wrong with you, Stan?! You said you stopped buying Canadough!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"I didn't think I spent that much. I, I clicked on a few micropays and it just kinda added up."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"$26,000??? Do you know how many songs I have to write to make back that much money?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,One?
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"Oh, it's just nothing' to you, isn't it?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"No, no, it's not."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"You need to realize that you have something in your brain that you somehow inherited from your grandpa that makes you act this way, okay?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,I don't know how you can say that when you're standing here chugging beer!
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"I am not chugging beer! [walks up to the breakfast table on which are eight glasses of wine and eight of beer, paired up. He's gone through four pairs already] I'm sampling a flight of gluten-free German lagers with a French wine pairing! It's called a smorgaswein, and it's elegantly cultural! [plops the fifth lager into the fifth wine glass and chugs down the pair, then blows a whistle while shaking his head with his hands. Stan has nothing to say.]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Stan walks over to it and rings the doorbell. Kyle answers the door."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Okay, I need help. [sometime later Cartman, Kenny and Jimmy arrive, and Stan picks up where he left off. The conversation moves to the living room, and Kyle gives Stan a comforting tap on the right shoulder] There is something different about me, you guys. I know the game is stupid, and it actually isn't even fun anymore. I don't understand."
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"Fellas, can I have a moment with Stan, please?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Sure. Come on, guys. [he, Cartman and Kyle walk away]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"This is my fault, Stan. I should have never told you the game was fuh fufuh fan-fantastic."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,It's not your fault. It's something to do with my family. It's like a curse.
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"I know this stuff is hard to understand. Trust me, I know. I'm an addict too. But I got help."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,How?
Freemium Isn't Free,Jimmy,"What all the addiction programs say is true. You've gotta reach out to a higher power, Stan. You've gotta get down on your knees, and you've gotta say ""I have a problem."" And you've gotta ask that higher power for help. [Stan is left deep in thought]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Broflovski kitchen, at the same time. The other boys are in there waiting for Jimmy and Stan"
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"[brainstorming] We have to find a way to get the word out! People need to know pushers are being hired to take advantage of people with addiction problems! There has to be a way that we can get to the news company, and sneak in and somehow borrow their TV signal. If we could disguise ourselves as something ridiculous, then-"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,It's done. [he had been texting on his phone]
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,"Wuh, what's done?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,"The word is out. [shows him the phone] ""Terrance & Phillip hire pushers to make money off addicts."" I tweeted it. [glances at his phone's screen] It's trending."
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Canadian Department of Mobile Gaming, day. Terrance & Phillip burst through the doors again"
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,You son of a bitch! You paid pushers to get addicts hooked on our freemium game?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,You what?
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Now hold on, Terrance & Philip, there's nothing wrong with promoting a mobile game."
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,But there's something very wrong with knowingly making it appeal to human weaknesses!
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,"You didn't build a mobile game, you built an addiction machine!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"Minister of mobile gaming, what's this all aboot?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Alright, alright, you've seen through the charade again. Let me explain how freemium games really work. [pulls down on the heavy rope again and new, prepared whiteboards come down over the used ones. The doors close and the room gets dim.] The truth is, a very small percentage of people who download freemium games ever pay anything for them. It's all aboot finding the heaviest users and extracting the most amount of cash from them. That's how you get addicts to pay two hundred bucks for a game that's not even worth forty cents."
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,But then all our profits come from people with problems.
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Don't think aboot that. Think about all the money. Here, have a bump of coke."
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,"[snorts the bump] Okay, but we still won't stand for this!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. He's kneeling by the side of his bed, looking up at the moon. Then he gets to prayer"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"I don't know if you're listening, but... I guess I have something inside me that I can't control. Something... kind of dark. Please... help show me the way? [a bright, fiery light appears behind him and he turns to look at it. Satan emerges from it]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,You have summoned the Prince of Temptation! For what purpose?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Whoa, shit. Uhhh, I have addiction demons and I don't understand them."
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Then allow me to explain the darkness of the human soul! [moments later he's on Stan's bed, the fiery light gone] So you got dopamine, right? That's the chemical that gets released in your brain whenever you do something pleasurable, like eating, sex, and that's just nature, right? Like rabbits and fish and shit. They need dopamine so that they want to consume and reproduce."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,Okay.
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"But because humans have progressed and now have access to all the shit they want whenever they want it, it's easy for them to overdo and have dopamine problems. You know, it's not fuckin' rocket science, this stuff."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,So there's nothing spiritually wrong with me?
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Fuck no! It's like, okay, it's like being diabetic. You know, it's like you can eat wrong and eat wrong and chemicals get released from your liver in a weird way, you know, you've been eatin' gluten and shit, and then eventually you've got a chemical imbalance from your liver. And something clicked, and now you're diabetic forever, right? So like, if you keep doing something too much, eventually there's, ummm, a dopamine fuckup, right, and you're kind of screwed up for life."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,So what does that mean? I I can get addicted to everything so I can't enjoy anything?
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Yeah, that's pretty much what it means."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,The addict people said something about me filling a hole.
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Well who's not filling a fuckin' hole? Right? You know, I mean what kind of bullshit is that? So, let's talk about genetics now. You still have time?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Yeah, no, this is great."
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Okay, let me get some visual aids. Gimme juuust a sec."
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Canadian Department of Mobile Gaming, day. The Minister continues with his lecture"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Here is a fact: 80% of alcohol sales are paid for by alcoholics. Using slot machine tactics, freemium games are able to make millions off of an even smaller percentage of mobile gamers."
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,"Oh God, he just doesn't stop!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,Who IS this guy?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"We're building a new Canada with micropayments from addicts! Who cares?! You think the fucking alcohol industry cares?! They don't care that 10% are gonna get addicted, they're COUNTING on it!! It's the same with us, but we've got our eyes on every addict's screen! [the whiteboards begin to dissolve into the walls, with the words floating around independently]Every button they click, we get feedback on how to shove this shit right down their throats!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,Why does he suddenly sound like Al Pacino in Devil's Advocate?!
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister,"Hohon, I'm much worse than the Devil. [he transforms into a Canadian devil and floats up towards the ceiling] I'm the Canadian Devil. [laughs]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,Oh dear God! It's the Canadian Devil!
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,Beelzeboot!
Freemium Isn't Free,Beelzeboot,"You discovered my plan, but too late! [lets out a flaming turd] Now the souls of all Canadians belong to me!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Terrance,Oh no!
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"Oh, what have I done?!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Beelzeboot,Heheheh! Hahaha! [lets out a flaming turd]
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. Satan continues his talk with Stan, this time with a small whiteboard"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"So basically, the genes you got from your dad make you more likely to have trouble with, um, dopamine regulation, and that's why you need to kind of watch out for addictive stuff.[puts the whiteboard aside] Okay, so we kind of understand now, champ?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"I guess so, but why do companies have to put so many addictive things out there?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"You know, they all do it, and it's kind of my deal, I have to put temptation out there too, so people have free will and all that shit. But ,you know, everyone has their justification and thinks what they're doing is okay."
Freemium Isn't Free,Voice Notification,"*Ding* Ey, buddy, where'd you go? Don't you want more Canadough?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,What's this?
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"That's what I've been addicted to. It's a freemium game sending me push notifications. [Satan taps the screen, stands up, and plays the game]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"What, you just collect coins?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Announcer,How much money can you buy today?
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"No, see, if something's addictive because it's fun, that's one thing. But this is just blatant Skinner box manipulation. Wait a minute. Who put this out?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Ah, Canada?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Oh that son of a bitch! He's always doing this shit! I tell him, ""temptation has to be nuanced!"" but he goes and does this crap again! I'm gonna need to borrow your soul real quick, kid. Is that alright?"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,...Okay. [Satan proceeds to possess Stan] Aaaaahhh!
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Marsh living room, moments later. Randy and Sharon are on the sofa. Randy wears a beer hat with two cans of gluten-free PBR attached to it, one by each ear"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,Oh pass interference! Interference! [points at the TV. Stan walks by]
Freemium Isn't Free,Sharon,"Stan, where are you going? [Randy looks over]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,[with Satan's voice] I shall return. Do not attempt to stop me. [continues out the door]
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,Told ya. Kid's got demons. I don't do that. [Sharon looks at him]
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The Canadian Department of Mobile Gaming, under a fiery sky."
Freemium Isn't Free,NC 9 Reporter,"Horror and sadness all over Canada tonight. When the Prince signed the agreement to make a freemium game, he apparently made a deal with the Canadian Devil."
Freemium Isn't Free,Beelzeboot,"[flies up to the microphone] Hey, guy, I'm the Canadian Devil. [lets out a flaming turd and flies back into the Department]"
Freemium Isn't Free,NC 9 Reporter,"The Canadian Devil now has complete control of the soul of every Canadian. This is a sad day for Canada, and therefore, the world. [Beelzeboot goes to torture Terrance, Phillip, and the Prince, who now hang from chains tied to the ceiling]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Beelzeboot,"Heh heheheh, I stab you. [Satan, now in Stan's body, appears outside the meeting room and blows the doors off, then walks in]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,Beelzeboot! Once again you lack any sense of nuance!
Freemium Isn't Free,Phillip,Who the fuck is that?
Freemium Isn't Free,Beelzeboot,"Well well, my overachieving doppelganger! You're no match for Canadian Satan! [lets out a flaming turd]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Return from whence you came! [purple balls of energy appear around his hands, and they produce two beams of flame which carry Beelzeboot out into the sky]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Beelzeboot,"Ow! Watch it, guy! [the battle continues in the sky]"
Freemium Isn't Free,NC 9 Reporter,"Sadly, a shocking turn of events here as the actual Devil has now appeared and seems to be fighting the Canadian Devil! This is certainly a conundrum for Canadians everywhere as we try to figure out who to root for. For that, let's ask the Minister of Sports in Edmonton. [The Canadian Minister of Sports appears on split screen]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Minister of Sports,"Well of course, the patriotic thing to do would be to root for the Canadian Devil. But then again, he is the one who has promised us pain and servitude for a million years."
Freemium Isn't Free,Canadian,"Screw that, go Canada!"
Freemium Isn't Free,Satan,"Enough, Beelzeboot! Thy end has come. [the balls of energy reappear and this time he aims the flames down at Beelzeboot. He destroys the Department in the meantime. Flaming skulls appear and go back into the pit Satan created]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. Cartman, Kenny, and Kyle play basketball there when the ground next to them opens up and a bunch of red arms lift Stan out, repairing the court just before Stan lands on it."
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,Hey dude.
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,Hey.
Freemium Isn't Free,Kyle,Y-you alright?
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Yeah. Yeah, I think I'm gonna be okay. [turns away and walks off the court]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Cartman,Cool.
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,"Canada. There's a huge celebration, and the Prince steps up tp the podium"
Freemium Isn't Free,Prince,"My fellow Canadians, what we do now as a country will hopefully be a model for others. We have all learned a tragic lesson together: that though many sins are out there, when you get involved with freemium gaming, you are making a deal with the Canadian Devil. We will no longer make freemium games, and we will no longer make improvements to our country with money taken from addicts. Canada is back to being an ethical, respected, shitty tundra. [cheers erupt from the crowd]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Scene Description,The Marsh dining room. Grandpa and Stan are playing a board game
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"I'm gonna move here and here, and then I'm gonna roll to kill this zombie."
Freemium Isn't Free,Marvin,"Well okay, good idea. [Stan rolls the dice]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,[stops by with an ornate silver cup] What are you gaywads doin'?
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"We're playing board games, so that Grandpa avoids the casino and I avoid freemium apps."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"Well all right! Good for you guys. Tell you what, I'll join you. Board games go good with a glass of wine. [takes a seat]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"That's not a glass, that's a trophy, that you won, for drinking."
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,"It's not drinking. It's called a White Zinfandel Sipping Sprint, and it's competitive. Get off your high fuckin' horse."
Freemium Isn't Free,Stan,"Your turn, Grandpa. If you roll a five or a six, you can kill these zombies. [Marvin takes the dice and rolls them]"
Freemium Isn't Free,Randy,You guys wanna put some money on it? [Stan bangs his head on the table.]
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Butters walks down the hallway wearing a fake Oculus headset. He stumbles along as if he's actually in virtual reality. He checks out the other kids, the floor, the surroundings..."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"WHOOAA! It's all so real! Uh this is amazing! It's like I'm there! [Craig turns to watch] I see all our friends at school. Oh wow! If I hold up my hands, I can see them too. Whooaa... [He and Stan bump into each other and Butters begins to run his hands over him] Wow, you were right. I can actually feel it."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,"[holding Butters off] Butters, what the hell are you doing?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I feel Stan! He looks totally real!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[hidden around the corner, in front of the camera] That's awesome, Butters. [snickers away from the walkie-talkie] Keep making your way down the hallway. Your vital signs are looking good. What do you see now? [snickers away from the walkie-talkie]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"More of the school. [Clyde talks to Bebe, who then leaves]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Clyde,"What are you doing, Butters?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,The school and all the kids. [Clyde walks away] I still can't hear any sound except for your voice.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Yeah, they haven't worked out the audio yet, but I- [mutes the walkie-talkie and whispers] He's so fucking stupid. [un-mutes it] But I'm sure they will soon."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[beginning to wobble] Ah, okay uh, I think I'm done, Eric. Ah I'm feeling kind of dizzy and uh- [about to take off the fake headset]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[watching him from around the corner] Butters, no! Are you crazy?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,What what what?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,What did I tell you about removing the headset when you're not back in the access hub??
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[turns so that he's facing away from the camera] Oh yeah, that it would split my neurons and scramble my brains! I forgot!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"You forgot your neurons would be torn apart?! Did you also forget that if you die in virtual reality you die in real life, Butters?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I'm sorry!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,You need to find your way back to my room. Can you do that??
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Yeah.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"You only have eight minutes before the battery protocol dies, Butters. You have to hurry!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,[begins to run] Oh Jesus! [Cartman looks on from around the corner]
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"From school to home. Butters comes out the front doors and runs to the sidewalk. He looks both ways and runs off to his left. Next, Cartman's house is shown the Cartman's room. Butters makes it inside, where Cartman has put up fluorescent posters and accents"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Okay, I'm back in your room!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Alright Butters, sit down at the computer. [Butters does this] Now drop the suppornity window! We're just gonna make it!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[drops a shield over the glasses] Suppornity window dropped. [Cartman enters his room, locks the door and turns on the lights, then walks over to Butters and removes the fake headset. Butters wipes his eyes]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Welcome back, dude."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Wow! That was cool!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,How do you feel? Do you feel okay?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I touched Wendy's boob. [smiles]
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"The cafeteria, lunchtime. Cartman is at table with Kyle, Token, Kenny, Stan, and Jimmy. Cartman is laughing his ass off, but soon gets back to his story"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"And then, and then he, he took off the shop goggles, and he was all like, ""Whoa, I'm back."" [pounds his left fist on the table] Damn it if it's not the awesomest thing ever!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,Sound pretty typical to me.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Come on, guys! This is the cure de gars of Butters' torture!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Coup de grah, Cartman"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Thank you, Kyle."
Grounded Vindaloop,Stan,Poor Butters. Can't you just leave him alone?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Dude, Butters is an asshole, and he deserves to be taken down once in a while, okay?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Hey Eric! What'd ya say to the principal for missing first period? [in a knowing voice] Not that we were doing anything interesting. Right Eric? [chuckles]
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Yeah, I just told her I was running late and that it won't happen again."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"You know what I said? She asked me why I wasn't in school and I said ""Well, technically I was in school."" Tee hee. Sorry guys, but Eric and I know a little something you don't. Not that it's anything that cool. Right Eric?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Right Butters. [softly over his left shoulder] These guys are so dumb, huh?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Yeah. [runs off with his food tray]
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,See? He's an asshole. Fuck him.
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Butters is at the computer while Cartman holds the fake headset in hand"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Each time you go into the virtual world it becomes more and more dangerous. Are you absolutely sure you want to do this, Butters?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Well, not a hundred percent..."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Even 10% is good enough. Here you go. [hands him the headset and Butters puts it on.]
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Okay, subject is ready."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[picks up the walkie-talkie] Okay, Butters, I'm booting up the core competency now. [presses a few keys on the keyboard] Edifice framework is online. Vital signs appear to be normal. Interim status?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Interim status is go.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[turns off the room light so the fluorescent lights stand out] Digital malcontent now at parameter alpha. Prepare for full graphic interfaces on my mark: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, [raises the shield]Mark. [quickly hides in the closet as Butters gets accustomed to the headset again]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,It worked! I'm back in. All systems normal.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"All right, Butters. Behind you you should see the door. Go through it and head outside."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Going now! [bumps into the door frame, then goes downstairs. A second or two later Cartman comes out of the closet, turns on the light, goes to his computer and sits on his chair]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Everything looks good, Butters. You're doing great. Let's get to work."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Okay.
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Stan's room, night. Stan is reading a book when he heats something outside. He sets the book aside and looks out his window. He sees Butters shoveling snow off people's driveways"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,How much more of this am I supposed to clear up?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,You're doing great. Almost done with this level Butters. Just make sure you clear the driveway and uh walkway of all the virtual snow.
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Okay. It's so realistic. [a shot of Stan watching from across the street.] The snow looks kind of fake though. [Stan leaves the window] Alright, I think that's all of it."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Okay, nice, Butters. Uhhm, now go to the front door and ring the doorbell. This is the part where you collect the money."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,[rings the doorbell. A middle-aged woman answers the door with a dollar bill in her hand] There's an old fat lady here! She's holding out money for me!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Just take the money, Butters! [Butters reaches for the bill and takes it.]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Okay, I got it!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"You got the money? [Butters walks down the walkway as the lady closes the front door] Okay great, Butters. Now get back to the access point."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Already? Oh no!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Yeah, Butters, the discrepancy bars are oscillating. You need to uh, come back. [eats some more chips] Are you heading back Butters? [no reply.] Butters? [Butters goes home] Alright, Butters, you should be heading back to the access point now. You're going off grid."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"I'm sorry, Eric, but there's just one thing I gotta do real quick. [goes inside, leaving the front door open]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,"There you are, mister! Just what do you think you're doing?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Hello, Dad! It's me, Butters!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,I know that! What do you-?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,This is for all the times I got grounded! [makes a fist and fires it at Stephen's groin. Stephen doubles over in pain]
Grounded Vindaloop,Stephen,Ohhh! Oooooo! Ohhh!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"HA! I can almost feel his balls on my fist! [at the other end of the call, Cartman is shocked] Haha! How do you like that, Dad?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Linda,"Butters, why?? Oh my God!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Huh, that was incredible!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"[getting worried] Uh, Butters, uhh, get back to the access point now."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"I feel amazing! [giggles] I'm back outside now. I'm a baaaaad man! You hear me?! [starts throwing rocks] Eh take that, you stupid cars! [a hit car screeches to a halt]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Driver,"[steps out of the car] What the hell are you doing, kid?!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Butters, it's, uhh, time to stop. Get back to my place."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,[knocks the driver out of the car] Who's the man now?! I'm gonna take his car! This is like Grand Theft Auto!
Grounded Vindaloop,Driver,Hey! [Butters peels away]
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Whoa! I'm in the car now.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Oh shit! [runs outside] Butters! Butters, where are you now?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Hahaha, I'm in the bad part of town! I just hit a lamp post! Ah, ah-I'm back on my feet. Oh, oh that's cool. There's a prostitute out here."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Okay Butters, let's call it good, okay?"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I'm gonna beat her up and take her money!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Wait, hang on Butters!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"Take that, you dumb hooker!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Hooker,What you doin' motherfucker?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I'm taking your money! Ow. Oh she stabbed me. Uh the hooker stabbed me.
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Butters get back to my room! The veracrosses are destablilzing!
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"I can't [wheeze] I can't breathe too good. Eric, I can't see. Are you still there? Oh... I think I overdid it. I have to take this thing off. What the hell? What the hell is that?! AAAH!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Butters?? Butters?? [turns the walkie-talkie off]
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, now bigger, with two new wings and four floors. Moon shadows appear on the facade. Butters is in a room with a doctor and a nurse"
Grounded Vindaloop,Dr. Carroll,"You're very lucky, young man. You've got a couple of hairline fractures, but the knife missed your spleen by half an inch."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I... I d-didn't think a knife could really hurt me. Ah I thought I was just in a virtual reality.
Grounded Vindaloop,Dr. Carroll,"No, you actually got stabbed by a hooker. We've called your parents and they're on their way. Your dad wanted me to let you know that you're grounded more than you can possibly imagine."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Aw nuts!
Grounded Vindaloop,Dr. Carroll,"Try and relax, and when your parents get here we'll sort this all out. [the doctor and nurse leave. The nurse turns off the light]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,I wonder how long I'm grounded for?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Butters. [Butters looks to his right. Dramatic camera pan from Butters to Cartman, who stands on the window sill like Morpheus]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Ahhh!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Are you okay?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Eric! Uh what are you doing here?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"I'm not here, Butters."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,What?
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"This is going to be hard to understand, Butters, [climbs down to the floor] but, you've become trapped in a simulation. None of this... [spreads his arms out] is real."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,[looks around skeptically] Nuh uh!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Yeahuh huh. I told you never to take the headset off outside the access point, didn't I?! We're actually both in my house right now. You're wearing the headset and I'm talking to you as a computer program. That's why I can... manipulate reality. [pulls off the missing thumb trick.]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,WHAT?? [Cartman puts on a couple of thumb lights and clicks them on and off in alternate order.]
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"You see, in this world, things aren't... what they seam. [pulls out a wand from his sleeve and produces a bouquet of flowers from it]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[now on edge] Aghah. Okay, stop! Stooop!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"Listen to me carefully, Butters. The Oculus Compromise has been streamlined. You can't trust anyone in this reality. Say nothing to no one about the Oculus Rift. If you think they know, they will kill you."
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Ah how do you know that?!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,[pressing a buzzer] How would I know that the nurse is about to walk through that door? [hides under the bed]
Grounded Vindaloop,Nurse,Everything okay in here?
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,Aaaaah! Yes! Y-yes everything's fine!
Grounded Vindaloop,Nurse,O-kay. [turns around and walks out. Cartman comes out from the window side of the bed]
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,Butters.
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,NO!
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,"I'm gonna get you back to reality, Butters. But you have to give me time! I've gotta go. The Orion parameters are embellishing. Just stay quiet! [performs another trick in which he gets a coin inside a glass bottle... and succeeds]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Butters,"[thoroughly scared, shuts his eyes] AAAAAAHAHAH! [he opens them moments later and Cartman is gone.]"
Grounded Vindaloop,Scene Description,"The bus stop, next day. The four boys await the bus. Kyle is angry at Cartman"
Grounded Vindaloop,Kyle,"Well? Are you happy, Cartman? Butters is completely traumatized!"
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,I'm happy that I totally got away with it. [gets a call] What's a 911 area code? Hello?
Grounded Vindaloop,Steve,"Hello, Eric. My name is Steve from Oculus Customer Service. There seems to be an error with our virtual headsets, and on behalf of the company, I would like to apologize and try to help."
Grounded Vindaloop,Cartman,With what?
