Doubling Down,Garrison,"Let me see that. [takes the folder and leafs through it] Huh. Isn't that interesting? But it's not a problem. See, I know something about societal psychology that you three turd balls don't. Everything's gonna be fine."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Token's house, night. Cartman is eating dinner with them, still sniffling."
Doubling Down,Cartman,So... You guys about done with the soup?
Doubling Down,Linda,"Don't you like it, Eric?"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Well yeah, no, it's great. It's just- well, what time do you guys usually go out and disrespect the flag and stuff?"
Doubling Down,Steve,What?
Doubling Down,Cartman,Oh no... Don't tell me you guys already disrespected the flag and flipped over cars today. Did I miss it?
Doubling Down,Steve,What the hell are you talking about?!
Doubling Down,Token,I told you not to let him in.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Please, I don't know what to do with all this anger and hurt!"
Doubling Down,Linda,"I'm sorry your girlfriend broke up with you, Eric, but... maybe you'll get back together."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"No, no, we've broken up before, but this time it's different. I can tell. Something's changed with her. Heidi won't even answer my phone calls."
Doubling Down,Steve,Heidi? Turner? The Turners' daughter?
Doubling Down,Cartman,Yeah...
Doubling Down,Steve,I thought she was with that Kyle Broflovski kid.
Doubling Down,Cartman,[sadness switches to anger in a flash] What?
Doubling Down,Steve,I saw them at the park today holding hands.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[dramatic music begins] Kyle? Kyle?! Kyle!! [a montage begins with five marching happy Kyles appearing] Kyle! Kyle! Kyle Kyle Kyle! [a big red heart appears and breaks, and a line of smiling Kyles marches out of it in shades of pink. Next scene is a Jewish dance performed by hasidim. Next scene is Cartman out on the street striking a match...] Kyle! [...and burning a giant flag on the ground with it.] Kyle! [the flames spread to fill up the screen. The next scene shows a cackling Kyle coming up out of the water like a giant sea monster as Eric and Heidi hold on to each other. Kyle holds a menorah reminiscent of a trident. Next scene is another group of hasidim dancing] Kyle! [next scene is Cartman and Heidi running away, only to be stopped by Kyle popping up before them like an exploding volcano, cackling. Cartman and Heidi turn and run away again, but the ground around them is compromised and Kyle's shadow covers them both as they look up at him. Next scene is back at the dining room at Token's mansion] Kyle..."
Doubling Down,Steve,"Yeah, Kyle."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elelentary, day. The school day begins as the last students walk in. Kyle walks down the hallway minding his own business when a scream makes him apprehensive."
Doubling Down,Cartman,KYLE! [the other kids in the hallway clear the way as Cartman appears at the end of the hallway behind Kyle. Dramatic Western showdown music plays] I should have known. You lying snake!
Doubling Down,Kyle,"[turns around] Cartman, I didn't mean for things to happen the way they did."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Did it bother you that I was happy?! Is that why you took her from me, Kyle?!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Cartman, you weren't happy."
Doubling Down,Cartman,"Shut up, Kyle!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,All you did was bitch about her all the time.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"You're not gonna talk your way out of this one! This is the end, Kyle! It's you and me!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Come on, Cartman. I-"
Doubling Down,Cartman,[slams Kyle into the lockers] You took everything from me!
Doubling Down,Kyle,Stop it!
Doubling Down,Cartman,All you've ever done is work to ruin my life! Well now I'm finally gonna fight back!
Doubling Down,Butters,"Fuck him up, Eric!"
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[goes in for the attack] Aaah! [Kyle delivers a punch] Ugh! [Cartman goes down straight away] Fuck you, Kyle!"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"I'm sorry, Cartman. You just have to accept that Heidi's moved on."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Buca De Faggoncini, night. The girls have taken Heidi out for dinner."
Doubling Down,Molly,"Guys, I just wanna say, here's to Heidi. Welcome back to the land of the living."
Doubling Down,The other girls,Yay Heidi!
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[giggles] Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking me out. This is really fun."
Doubling Down,Red,No worries. We're just glad you finally came to your senses.
Doubling Down,Annie,"Yeah, no kidding. We seriously thought you might marry that piece of shit! [the girls laugh]"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[a bit sheepish] Well, you know, he- he actually had some good qualities too."
Doubling Down,Red,"Uhh, yeah, like what? Racism?"
Doubling Down,Bebe,Or the sociopath part?
Doubling Down,Courtney,"Yeah. I mean, no offense, Heidi, but what the fuck were you thinking?"
Doubling Down,Lola,"Guys, she admitted she made a mistake."
Doubling Down,Molly,You make a mistake on your homework. What Heidi did was more like a momentary loss of all sanity. [the girls laugh]
Doubling Down,Heidi,[feeling pushed away again] It was just what I believed in.
Doubling Down,Bebe,"Don't worry, Heidi. We're not gonna keep telling you we told you so."
Doubling Down,Lola,But we told you so. [the girls laugh]
Doubling Down,Bebe,The only thing I wanna know is... how did you bring yourself to actually KISS him?
Doubling Down,The girls,Eewwww!
Doubling Down,Red,Can you imagine? Eric Cartman's breath on your mouth?
Doubling Down,The girls,"Ew, ugh! [this is depressing Heidi as sad music begins to play]"
Doubling Down,Courtney,"[imitating Cartman] Heidi, come here. I want to kiss you with my tongue!"
Doubling Down,The girls,"Ew, ugh! [they laugh as Heidi wilts]"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The park, day. Cartman sits at the park bench alone. Heidi walks up to him."
Doubling Down,Heidi,Hi Eric.
Doubling Down,Cartman,What are you doing here?
Doubling Down,Heidi,I don't know. I think I- I just wanna make sure... you're doing okay. I want you to know I'll always care about you.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"[sniffles] That's good to know, 'cause like, nothing helps more when you're down than knowing that your girlfriend who broke up with you might care."
Doubling Down,Heidi,[sits next to him] I'm sorry that I've hurt you. I think maybe I am just stupid and I don't know what I want and it ends up hurting people.
Doubling Down,Cartman,"No... You need to know something, Heidi. None of this is your fault."
Doubling Down,Heidi,But I'm the one who-
Doubling Down,Cartman,"No. Heidi, none of this is your fault. There's stuff I never told you. It's time... It's time I did."
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. He's in the bathroom getting ready for a date with Heidi. He styles his hair and puts hair gel on it. The doorbell rings, and he goes to answer it, putting on his hat on his way there. He opens his door and finds Heidi facing away from him."
Doubling Down,Heidi,Hey.
Doubling Down,Kyle,Hey! You all set to go?
Doubling Down,Heidi,[walks in] I wanted to talk to you first.
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Okay, sure."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"Kyle, I've been under a lot of stress lately, and it was all making me really confused."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Yeah, that's understandable."
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[turns and holds his hands] I was being manipulated, and I didn't even see it. I never do. And, I don't think you saw it either, Kyle."
Doubling Down,Kyle,What do you mean?
Doubling Down,Heidi,"I've come to realize that it's not my fault. It's your fault, Kyle. You made all this happen. Made me question who I was."
Doubling Down,Kyle,"But Heidi, I thought-"
Doubling Down,Heidi,"[puts her index finger on his lips] Shh. [walks away] But it's okay. You can't help it. It's how you were raised, what you were taught. My heritage is Irish, so I'm prone to being moody. And your heritage... well, you know... you can be a little sneaky sometimes and not even realize it. [turns left to walk out the door] I'm sorry, Kyle, but everybody's trying to live life the best they can. It's hard enough without your people always trying to get ahead. [walks out and closes the door]"
Doubling Down,Kyle,"Dude... did she just call me a dirty Jew? [he walks to the window to see her walk away, and sees Cartman waiting for her. Cartman sees him at the window. Heidi meets Cartman and they walk away together, with Cartman looking over his shoulder at Kyle with a smug look on his face]"
Doubling Down,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, evening. Pence, Ryan, and McConnell carry an anniversary cake over to the President. They're still wearing blankets, which could mean the White House isn't wasting money on heating."
Doubling Down,"Pence, Ryan, McConnell",Happy anniversary to you.
Doubling Down,McConnell,Cha cha cha.
Doubling Down,"Pence, Ryan, McConnell",Happy anniversary to you.
Doubling Down,McConnell,Cha cha cha.
Doubling Down,"Pence, Ryan, McConnell","Happy anniversary, Mr. President. Happy anniversary to you. [they put the cake on the desk, and the President blows out the candles]"
Doubling Down,Ryan,"Congratulations, Mr. President."
Doubling Down,McConnell,Looks like many more years of the same are to come.
Doubling Down,Garrison,"Oh, I don't think so. [walks out from behind the desk with a giant dildo strapped to his genitals.] I think the next three years are gonna be even better. [begins to laugh. Pence, Ryan, and McConnell laugh in response, but soon begin to cry, as they know what that dildo means]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the Special Education Bungalow A-5. Class is in session, with Counselor Steve teaching."
Moss Piglets,Steve,"Okay guys, it's November and who can tell me what that means? [points] Yes, Francis?"
Moss Piglets,Francis,It's time for the Special Ed Science Fair. [the other kids cheer]
Moss Piglets,Steve,"That's right, the Science Fair is this weekend, and I know you're all very excited to show the projects you've been working on. [more cheers] This week we'll be hearing all about your projects and first up we have Nathan and Mimallah. [amid some applause and chatter, Nathan and Mimsy walk in with their project, a volcano]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"For our science fait project, we will be showing the destructive force of nature by simulating a volcano!"
Moss Piglets,The kids,Ooooooh.
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"With vinegar and baking soda, we will make this paper-mâché volcano EXPLODE."
Moss Piglets,The kids,Aaaaaaa.
Moss Piglets,Nathan,With the power and fury of Mount Kilauea. Our science fair project is sure to be... a blast. Get it? A. Blast.
Moss Piglets,Steve,"All right, what do you guys think of Nathan and Mimallah's project idea? [the kids clap and cheer]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"We've done it, Mimsy. We're gonna win the science fair for sure. And then, every chick in this school is gonna wanna have sex with us."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Uh, gee boss, I don't know about sex with no chicken."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"[smack] Not those chicks, numbskull. I'm talkin' 'bout bitches. You know what girls like? They like winners. And when we win the science fair, we're gonna be up to our ears in pussy."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime. There are seven girls at a table with room for an eighth. The seven are Wendy, Nichole, Red, Theresa, Isla, Bebe, and Millie."
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"Is it just me, or are things around here getting worse and worse?"
Moss Piglets,Millie,It's definitely not just you. I think everyone's in shock that Heidi went back to Cartman.
Moss Piglets,Theresa,What keeps driving her back to him? It's so weird.
Moss Piglets,Isla,She's so... mean and angry these days.
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"People change. They say you become more and more like the person you're with and, I guess it's true with Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[joins the girls at the table] Hey guys. What's up?
Moss Piglets,Isla,"Hey, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,What are you guys talkin' about?
Moss Piglets,Nichole,Nothing.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Bullcrap, you're all talkin' about me again. 'Cause you're judgmental bitches. [burps] Ehhh."
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"Heidi, are you okay? It's just... you look..."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I look what?
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"Ngh, you know, y-you just look-"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"What? I look fat? Is that what you wanna say, Wendy? Fuck you, bitch!"
Moss Piglets,Theresa,"She's just concerned, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[mimicking] ""Mehmehmehmehmehhh, Heidi"". I'm just trying to enjoy my lunch here! Can I do it without you guys shitting on all over me?!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, day. Jimmy and Timmy are hard at work.]"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"All right, good, Timmy. Test 42a is successful. Let's move on to the next phase. [Nathan and Mimsy walk in]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Well hello, gentlemen."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh hey fellas, we're doing great."
Moss Piglets,Timmy,Timmih!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Thought we'd stop by to see how your- science fair project is going.
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Dah I thought we was comin' to rub their faces in how good our science fair project was, boss."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"[gets mad, then smacks Mimsy] Shut up, Mimsyyy! [to Jimmy and Timmy] So what are you guys workin' on?"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, it's fantastic. This year, Tim-Tim and I are doin' our project on [looks into the microscope] water bears."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Oh. Water bears. [backs up to Mimsy] You hear that, Mimsy? Like there's any such things as water bears. That blue science fair ribbon is as good as ours. [to Jimmy and Timmy] Well, we've gotta get back to our lava volcano. Good luck finding your, pft, water bears. [he and Mimsy turn around to walk out]"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, would you like to see them?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,[he and Mimsy stop and turn] What? Uh what are you talking about?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Timmy and I have gathered thousands of water bears. Take a look in the microscope. [Nathan steps forward to look into the microscope. He sees some water bears swimming around on the specimen slide. Jimmy continues] Water bears are water-dwelling, eight-legged micro-animals."
Moss Piglets,Timmy,Timmah.
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"They're one of nature's most resilient animals. [next slide] Studies have shown they can survive lava, and even the vacuum of space."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,What-? How-? [looks up] Where the fuck did you learn about these things?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,Where all good scientists learn from. Octonauts.
Moss Piglets,Timmy,Octonauts!
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,Some scientists believe the study of water bears is key to human survival.
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Aw jeez, that sounds a lot better than a lava volcano, huh boss?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Well, not really, because the science fair is supposed to be an experiment. I fail to see what the experiment is here."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, that's easy. You see, for the past several weeks, Tim-Tim and me have been training the water bears to respond to different sound waves. We found that they respond best to Taylor Swift. Hit it, Timmy. [Timmy presses a button offscreen, and Taylor Swift's ""Look What You Made Me Do"" begins to play] Take a look. [the Water Bears soon form a circle of eight of them on the specimen slide. Timmy turns off the player] We still have some training to do, but we're excited about the results. I have to admit, your lava volcano is pretty great too. Maybe we could tie for first place. [Nathan looks at Jimmy, then at Timmy, in shock]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, day. Someone knocks at his door]"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,Come in.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[enters the office] You wanted to see me, Mr. Mackey?"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Oh yes, Heidi, uh, we just wanted to see if you have transportation to the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend, or if you wanted us to set somethin' up for you."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,What?
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"...Uh, Saturday is the science fair, and, you're the judge for the competition?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Judge a special needs science fair? Ahem, no thanks."
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Well, Heidi, is there a problem with you bein' the judge this weekend?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Uhh, yeah? It's Saturday, and I don't wanna be at skewl?"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,But you're always the judge of the Special Ed Science Fair because you're our best science student.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,So now I'm gonna be punished by being force to judge a bunch of handicapped kids?!
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"But... Okay, you see, the problem is that you volunteered last month, Heidi. You said you wanted to do it, m'kay?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Well how can you expect students to commit to things a month in advance?! [puts away a stray lock of hair under her cap] I don't even know what I want for dinner tonight.
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Look, the kids have worked really hard and have done some amazing projects."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,You're gonna force me to come to skewl on a Saturday?!
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Heidi, eh... is everything all right?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Oh what? Are you gonna call me fat now too?! It just so happens I'm a vegan, which means it'd difficult for me to get enough protein, so my body doesn't burn fat, it burns muscle, which makes it look like I'm fat, but I'm actually WAY healthier than any of YOU!!"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"Heidi, you're judging the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Oh, Goddammit!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, night. Nathan goes up the wheelchair ramp to the room door."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,[looks around] Mimsy! Come on! [reaches the door]
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,Okay Nathan. [joins him]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Shhh, shut the fuck up! [picks the lock and opens the door. They go in, look around, then go to Jimmy and Timmy's project]"
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"Gee, we could get in a lot of trouble. Ya, you sure we should mess with Jimmy and Timmy's science fair project?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Mimsy, do you know what Jimmy is? He's a cock blocker."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,Eh what's a cock blocker?
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Every time I come up with a way to score with the ladies, there's Jimmy tryin' to one-up me. This science fair is supposed to finally make us successful enough to get chicks."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"D'aw, gee, I don't know if we should use our position of power to exploit women."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"... [smacks Mimsy] I'm not letting those assholes win the science fair! [opens a medical bag] That's why I say, the only good water bears are dead water bears. [pulls out a bottle of lighter fluid and pours it into the tardigrade tank, then follows that up with a bottle of lye. He then gets a curling iron, plugs it in and turns it on, and sticks it into the tank, where it sparks and causes a chemical reaction] Let's go! [they run out of the bungalow as the reaction continues inside]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. Instead of the usual four boys standing there, it's four girls - Wendy, Isla, Theresa, and an angry Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,This is bullcrap! How can they force me to be the science fair judge?! Now I know how it feels to be a slave!
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"It's... not exactly like being a slave, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Yes it is! Am I being paid to judge the science fair? No. Do I have a choice? No. ""Ohhh, yes masah. Lemme judge that science fair for ya, suh!"""
Moss Piglets,Theresa,"God, will you stop?!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Theresa, don't get all aggro on me because you're pissed off your family lives in a trailer."
Moss Piglets,Theresa,My family doesn't live in a trailer. We live in a tiny home. My parents downsized to make a smaller footprint on the environment.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,That's what I said. Your family lives in a trailer.
Moss Piglets,Theresa,There's lots of progressive people living in tiny homes. There's five others on my block.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Right. That's called a ""trailer park."""
Moss Piglets,Theresa,A-hi don't live in a trailer park!
Moss Piglets,Wendy,"[to Theresa, about Heidi] Just don't even respond to her. Just ignore her."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"I'll try, but she's such a bitch."
Moss Piglets,Isla,"She wasn't talking to you, Heidi."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Oh, looks like Isla has something to say, you guys. Hold on, I'm sure this is going to be really profound. Go ahead, Isla, knock us out with you wit and satire. This should be good, you guys."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[walks up to Heidi] Hey Heidi, what's up?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[uninterested] Oh hey babe, what's going on?"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,What are you up to?
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[her voice trails off] Nothiiing, just talking to my girlfriends about tiny homes."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school day has started and the last few students are going in. Nathan and Mimsy walk up to Nichole, Bebe, and Nelly."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Well hello there, ladies."
Moss Piglets,Nelly,"Oh, hi Nathan."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,We just wanted to remind you [hand Nichole a flyer] that this weekend is the Special Ed Science Fair.
Moss Piglets,Nichole,"Oh, cool."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Yeah, that's right. Pretty soon you'll all be impressed with what you see. Hope you can make it. [walks off with Mimsy. Moments later...] Did you see that, Mimsy? The way those girls bit their bottom lips when I said ""science fair""? We're about to be drowning in muff."
Moss Piglets,Francis,"Nathan! Mimallah! Yuh, you've gotta get to Special Ed!"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Special Ed class isn't for another two hours.
Moss Piglets,Francis,"Nono, you've gotta see this! Jimmy and Timmy's water bears! They've changed!"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,What?
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, moments later. Counselor Steve is checking out the specimen slide through the microscope as the class gathers around and chatters."
Moss Piglets,Steve,"Jimmy and Timmy, this is incredible! You've somehow made them even smarter. [Francis, Nathan and Mimsy enter]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,What's goin' on?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Nathan, it's amazing. The water bears we've trained are starting to display social advancements."
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,But they're supposed to be dead. [Nathan smacks him]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,[walks up to Jimmy and Timmy's table] What social advancement?
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,They've actually evolved to the point of doing the hokey pokey.
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"The hokey pokey? [looks down into the microscope and sees the tardigrades. ""The Hokey Pokey"" plays as the water bears begin synchronized dancing] You've gotta be fucking kidding me."
Moss Piglets,Steve,"Boys, this might be the single greatest Special Ed Science Fair project I've ever seen!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Cartman and Heidi walk down the hallway holding hands looking angry."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Butters.
Moss Piglets,Butters,Whoa. [turns around] Uh hey.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,How would you like to be the judge for the Special Ed Science Fair this weekend?
Moss Piglets,Butters,"Uhh, I can't. I'm going to a birthday party."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Butters, don't be a dick!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Yeah, don't make up excuses because judging handicapped students sounds terrible!"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yeah, Butters! God! [rolls his eyes]"
Moss Piglets,Clyde,[walks up to Heidi and Cartman] He's not making it up. It's my birthday party.
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Well then, could you invite Heidi, please? She needs an excuse not to have to go to the Special Needs Science Fair."
Moss Piglets,Stan,[walks into view with Kyle] What's wrong with supporting them? They're our friends.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Because nobody wants to be trapped, in a gym, with Special Ed Science."
Moss Piglets,Kyle,"Actually, some of their projects are pretty cool."
Moss Piglets,"Cartman, and Heidi","Shut up, Kyle! [to each other] Samesies! [they kiss each other on the lips]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Look, it's all just a complete waste of time! It's not like the Special Ed Science Fair is actually gonna contribute to society. [a helicopter is heard over the school. In front of the school, the helicopter lands on the lawn as several black cars and vans roll up to the school. A bunch of men in black suits get out of the vehicles and walk into school]"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"[leading the men] Move. Move aside, kids. Official business!"
Moss Piglets,An NFL owner,"Move it, children. [the kids make way for the NFL owners]"
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"Excuse me, can I help you?"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,We understand that you're about to have a science fair with some very interesting experiments.
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"That's right, the science fair is this Saturday from 10 am to 2 pm."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,We're here to help however we can. Your special ed department has all our resources and all our support. This science fair... just might be what saves us all.
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school playground, day. As the other kids play, an upset Heidi walks around Cartman."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"What the hell is going on?! Everywhere I turn, people are being given handouts while I'm forced to work my ass off! It's total bullshit!"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yeah... uh... Babe, uh I understand that you're pissed off, but, um, you know, it is recess. Maybe we should relax and have some fun?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[stops pacing] Relax?! How can I relax?! I get straight A's! I ace every test! And who gets all the support?! The Special Ed Department!
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed bungalow, day. It's been considerably beefed up, with two tents, one on either side, connected to it, and an even bigger tent behind it. A tower with two satellite dishes and two poles with lights on them standing behind the smaller tents. Two workers haul some equipment up the ramp and into the classroom."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,Good. Bring it on in. These kids need to have access to everything they need.
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Wow, look at this, Tim-Tim. They've all been researching water bears too."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"That's correct. [two workers roll up a whiteboard with a diagram of a tardigrade on it, with parts of the body clearly labeled] Like you, we've come to realize that water bears are the key to our future. [walks up to the project right after Jimmy and Timmy do] Are these the special water bears that we read about on your school message board?"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,That's right. The water bears we've been working with appear to be evolving somehow.
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Then they are the key to our survival, boys."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Gentlemen, perhaps I can interest you in a lava volcano. You won't believe your eyes when I add some simple baking soda."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"[turns to face him] There's no time for that! We need everyone working on Jimmy and Timmy's project. I'm gonna let you kids all in on a little secret. We don't wanna create a panic, but... the End is very near. And we have very little time."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. An assembly has been called and all the classes are there. Heid is at the podium while Cartman stands next to her."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Fellow students, I have asked to speak today because of the hypocrisy and bullying that is coming from the administration at this so called... skewl. It is an outrage that our principal and counselor denand our participation in privileged programs that are outrageously overfunded. Why is it that the school allows funding that only goes to special needs students? Are the rest of us not special? If we are continually asked to work for no money and ask our parents to pay for our programs, then soon we will all be poor, and forced to live in a trailer park like Theresa."
Moss Piglets,Theresa,It's not a trailer!
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Theresa, [that lock of hair comes down again] get over it, you live in a trailer park, it's not a big deal. [she puts the lock back in place]"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Uh, o-okay honey, you're kind of getting off-topic, sweetie."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,What did you say?!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Uh just, uh-uhm, I just want you to stay on point so we can get this over with."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,GET THIS OVER WITH?! You're supposed to be supporting me!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"I am supporting you, sweetheart!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Being supportive doesn't mean you criticize me, asshole! Just forget it! My point is, if the school administration doesn't cancel the science fair, I will see to it that they are all fired for discrimination!"
Moss Piglets,Mackey,"[standing by the gym doors, to PC Principal] She's... kind of like Cartman, but with the ability to follow through."
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"Oh, dude. Bro."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed Bungalow, later. Jerry Jones and a few other owners stand behind Jimmy and some other students as Jimmy looks into the microscope."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Francis, can you hand me the sound wave generator? [Francis hands it to him]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,This is bullshit! The Special Ed Science Fair is turning into a lovefest for Jimmy and Timmy's project! They're gonna get all the fame and glory!
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,"D'aw, I guess we kind of shot ourselves in the foot, huh boss? If it weren't for us, those water bears wouldn't have even gotten smarter in the first place."
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"[stops and thinks] Hey, Mimsy, that's right. They don't deserve the credit, we do. [speaks up] Uh, excuse me. If you're all trying to figure out why these water bears are different, you're talking to the wrong guys. [Everyone turns to face him]"
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Wha-what do you mean, Nathan?"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Mimsy and I did some experimenting with the water bears on our own.
Moss Piglets,Mimsy,We was tryin' to kill 'em. [smack]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"It was us who made them evolve, so we should be the ones working for the government."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,The government? Wuh we aren't the government.
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,Yuh you're not the government? But you said you were here to help stop us from becoming extinct.
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Not you, us. We're with... the NFL. Our fans are leaving at an exponential rate. We've been hit with anthem protests, protests of those protests, and worst of all, concussions. The more reports that come out, the more people are getting turned off by football. We've been experimenting with water bears because... we believe they are our last hope."
Moss Piglets,Jimmy,"Oh, I get it. You've been experimenting with water bears to see how to make humans more impervious to concussions."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,No. We've been experimenting with water bears to try and make them... FANS.
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,NFL Sunday Night Football on NBC.
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 1,A beautiful night for football here in Los Angeles as the Chargers take on the Buffalo Bills.
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 2,"And a record sellout crowd here at the stadium. Football clearly more popular than over with a whopping 17 million in attendance. [shown are a smattering of fans, with the rest of the seats being occupied by small tanks of tardigrades]"
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 1,"The NFL, of course, working really hard to reach new viewers, and it looks like they found their answer in tardigrades."
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 2,"[a camera crew focuses on one tank] The water bears are thrilled to be here and of course, love seeing themselves on the Jumbotron. [which shows that tank's sea bears onscreen] They're all ready for some football and enjoying the fan favorite Kiss Cam. [two tardigrades are shown kissing]"
Moss Piglets,Sportscaster 1,And we're ready for kickoff as the cheers of 17 million fans rock the stadium! [the Chargers kick off and the Bills catch the football and begin their charge. Nothing but crickets are heard as a Bills player is taken down]
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The Special Ed Bungalow, later. The NFL owners now look over Nathan's shoulders as he looks into the microscope. The other students are at their own tables."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,We're running out of time. We have to see if these water bears truly are different. Insert the box. [a fellow owner grabs a microscopic box with tweezers and carries it over to the table. He puts it into the specimen slide] Gently. What do you see now? [the tweezers are removed]
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Ahhh, Iii see the box. [a microscopic FedEx box] What, what's in the box?"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,What are the water bears doing?
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Uhhh, they're just walkin' around and ubb, oh wait! They appear to be interested in the box."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"These water bears are different. [the classroom door opens and in walk Heidi, Cartman, Mr. Mackey and PC Principal]"
Moss Piglets,PC Principal,"All right, everyone, listen up. Give me your attention please. Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are cancelling the Special Ed Science Fair. [the students begin to talk amongst themselves]"
Moss Piglets,Owners,What? Cancelling?
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,You can't cancel the science fair. We're on the verge of a breakthrough here.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,It's cancelled. You guys can get all this shit out of here and leave. Thank you!
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,You don't understand! The Special Ed Science Fair is our only hope!
Moss Piglets,Mr. Mackey,"Oh I'm sorry, but um, our hands are tied... by Heidi. [Jones and the other owners whip out their guns]"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,I think you all fail to see the seriousness of our situation! Football is dying!
Moss Piglets,Mr. Mackey,"[he and PC Principal put their hands up] Whoa, whoa whoa, okay."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,[to another owner] Close the door! [the owner closes the door] Everyone back to work! Nobody... [two special ed kids and Cartman slip out of view] will stop this Special Ed Science Fair!
Moss Piglets,Another owner,[with his gun aimed at Nathan] Do what he says!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Oh! Uh okay, Jesus Christ!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[finds Cartman] Are you just gonna stand there?! Do something!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,What the hell do you want me to do?!
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I want you to have some BALLS and act like you care about me!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Heidi, you need to stop being such a bitch!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[gets closer to him] Call me a bitch again! Do it! [gets in his face] Call me a bitch again!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,You are... acting... like a... bad girlfriend.
Moss Piglets,Heidi,That's what I thought!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,"Hey, uh wait a minute! The water bears have changed again. I think it's working."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Let me see that! [looks through the microscope] Yes. Yes, they're starting to adapt. [the water bears now sport jerseys from various teams. He increases the magnification] Sonofabitch, we just might have ourselves some fans! [stands up] Now quickly, children! We must replicate these water bears to create more! [Nathan gets back on the microscope]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"If nobody else is going to do anything, I will! [runs up to the microscope, yanks the fish bowl from it, and runs to the door]"
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Wha-ah?
Moss Piglets,An owner,The water bears!
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The playground, moments later. Heidi runs across it, followed by the NFL owners, followed by the special ed kids, followed by Mr. Mackey and PC Principal, ...followed by Cartman."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Heidi! Heidi, will you please listen to me?!"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school hallway, moments later. Heidi runs down it, pushing other kids out of the way."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Move it! Get the fuck out of the way! I said get out of the way, you assholes! [followiong are the NFL owners, the special ed kids, Mr. Mackey and PC Principal, ...and Cartman]"
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"The school entrance, moments later. Heidi goes out the front doors, but sees more NFL owners in front of her and she panics."
Moss Piglets,Another owner,"We got the fat girl, front of the school."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Shit! [turns around and goes back inside, only to see all the people chasing her down]"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Little girl, stop! [Heidi begins to pant] It doesn't have to end this way."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[makes his way to the front of the group] Move aside! Move aside! [finally sees Heidi] Heidi, seriously, you need to listen to me!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I don't... have to listen... to anybody!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yes, yes you do! You need to listen!"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Fuck you!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"No, fuck you!"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Little girl, please! What you have in your hand is very special."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Well I'm sick of everyone treating me like shit!
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,Think about the NFL. How much joy it brings to everyone!
Moss Piglets,Nathan,Don't listen to them. Give the water bears to me. I deserve all the fame and bitches.
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Heidi, you've gotta stop being so angry."
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"Look, if you- if you don't do it for the NFL, what about humanity? Those creatures are showing the first signs of sentience. Think about what they could mean for science. For medicine. Making people better."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Come on, babe. We all want the old Heidi back. [Heidi looks up at the balcony and notices Wendy, Theresa, and Isla looking down upon her]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"[looks down at the water bears, then looks up again] Screw all you guys!"
Moss Piglets,"NFL Owners, Special Ed kids","NOOOO! [Heidi chugs the fish bowl down like a college student, wipes her lips, then burps]"
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Dude, wwow."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. He and Heidi sit on the sofa, with Heidi doing all the eating and channel-switching while covered by a purple blanket."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[angrily] Is there something you wanna talk about?
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"No. I was just... trying to... figure out why you decided to drink 20,000 microanimals that were showing signs of intelligence."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Whatever. It's Saturday, and I'm not in skewl."
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Yeah, you're, you're not in skewl."
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[goes back to eating chips] How come we never snuggle anymore?!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[alarmed] Wha, what?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,We used to snuggle all the time and it's totally gone away! What happened?!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Well, but honey, we still-"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,SNUGGLE!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"[gets closer to her] Yes yes, let's, let's snuggle, yes. [she shares her blanket and snuggles]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,"Goddammit, how come there's nothin' to watch on Saturday but kids cartoons?!"
Moss Piglets,Blue Horse on TV,"Hohall right, kids. Now let's do the hokey pokey. [begins to sing the song]"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,Oooo. [her belly begins to move to the music] What's goin' on in here?
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Oh, what is goin' on in here?"
Moss Piglets,Heidi,I feel somethin' moving around. I-it- [farts]
Moss Piglets,Cartman,Yeesh. [backs away]
Moss Piglets,Heidi,[farts again] SNUGGLE!
Moss Piglets,Cartman,"Okay, okay, honey. [gets close to her again, but she farts again] Eughah, ah."
Moss Piglets,Scene Description,"NFL Headquarters, New York City, day. Roger Goodell sits in his office flanked by two other officials."
Moss Piglets,Roger Goodell,"Well, did you have any luck, Mr. Jones?"
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,"I'm afraid, Commissioner, that the Special Ed Science Fair failed to produce more viable water bears."
Moss Piglets,Officlal 1,Then the NFL truly has no hope.
Moss Piglets,Officlal 2,We're done for.
Moss Piglets,Jerry Jones,Not quite. [a lab worker wheels something in and leaves] We were able to obtain somethin' else [picks up a beaker] that just might be our future. [pours the beaker into the volcano Nathan offered to him earlier]
Moss Piglets,Goodell and the officials,Ooohhhh!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Netflix headquarters, day. The President of Netflix is talking to some prospects."
SUPER HARD PCness,Netflix President,"Welcome to Netflix. [smiles] Last year we approved 16 original shows and movies; and this year, it is our goal to make that number 1,087. That's why we here at Netflix are thrilled to be working with you two comedy geniuses, Terrance & Phillip. [Terrance & Phillip are shown, now as elderly gentlemen. Terrance raises his left leg slowly and lets out a wet fart. The president laughs and claps] Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Classic stuff. Now go ahead and pitch what you're thinking for your Netflix original series."
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,"Well, we were thinkin' that we'd do a show where Phillip and I are on a farm... with a cow."
SUPER HARD PCness,President,"[still enthused] Okay, I love it so far."
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,[slowly] The sun is just starting to come up and then... I fart on Phillip.
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"[slowly] And I say, ""Terrance, you farted,"" and I fart on Terrance."
SUPER HARD PCness,President,And it's like a back and forth kind of thing? It's sort of like a-?
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"[slowly] It's like a back and forth kind of thing. I fart on him, he farts on..."
SUPER HARD PCness,President,On you. Got it!
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,No! On the cow. [they both laugh]
SUPER HARD PCness,President,"Welcome to Netflix, you sons of bitches. YEAH!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance & Phillip,Hooray!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are at their lockers switching out books. Other kids run by, causing a commotion. Craig and Tweek run by Stan holding hands."
SUPER HARD PCness,Craig,"Come on, Tweek. Hurry!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,What's going on?
SUPER HARD PCness,Tweek,"[running by] Cartman and his girlfriend are fighting again. [Stan closes his locker door and joins the others. They get to the actual fight, where Heidi throws punches at Cartman]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,Oh. Uh. Oh. Ugh! Goddamn! [he punches her once] Oh. Sweetheart!
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Piece of shit! [punches him four times, he grunts as he gets hit]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Honey, I wanna watch Terrance & Phillip with my friends!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,You promised we'd have a date night! [punches him twice]
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"It's just one night, babe. Stan is having a viewing party, honey. [punches her once]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,So then why can't I come?
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Terrance & Phillip is a guys' night thing, baby."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"[arrives to separate them] Uh, hey, hey, hey! What the hell are you all doing?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Wendy,Watching Heidi get her bitch-ass kicked!
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Fuck you, Wendy!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Craig,"Don't take that crap, Heidi! Let Cartman have it!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Guys! Guys, this has gone on way too long. Can't we all stop being so mean to each other? [a moment of reflection around the crowd]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Shut up, Kyle. You sound like your mom. [everyone laughs]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Th- that was awesome, baby. I love you. [reaches out and takes her hand]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"I love you too, babe."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kids,"Awww. [disappointed, everyone disperses]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Craig,Dammit.
SUPER HARD PCness,Butters,Fight's over. Kyle ruined it. [Kyle is left all alone in the hallway]
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The school gym, assembly. PC Principal addresses the kids."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. As you know, there's been a lot of bullying and insensitivity at our school. To counteract this, it is my firm belief that South Park Elementary is in desperate need of s a strong woman. So in looking for a new vice principal, we wanted to find a powerful, intelligent, and independent female to be a role model for us all. And with that said, I'd like to introduce our new vice principal, Strong Woman. [claps, then hands the mic to her as she walks up]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Thank you, PC Principal. Alright everyone, listen up. I'm the new vice principal of this school. My name is Strong Woman. I've already spent a few days here at the school watching and observing and we definitely have things we can all be working on. [at this point, Butters is whispering something in Clyde's ear]"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,[snatches the mic from Strong Woman's hand] Hey! Stotch! You do not disrespect Strong Woman by talking when she's talking!
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You really think I couldn't have handled that? Myself?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Oh. Uh, I was just making sure everything was uh-"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You really had to grab the mic out of my hand like that?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Shit. I mean, no, sorry, sorry, I'm not u-, uh, here you go. [hands the mic back to her]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"I want the girls here at this school to know that they can talk to me about anything, but I also want the boys to know what I'm looking for is a better place for everybody. [walks forward a bit] Turning this school around is going to take work from everyone."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,From everyone!
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[glances back at him] Sorry, am I not doing this correctly?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"No. NO! Sorry, I thought I'd... add, just add for emphasis."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You felt it wasn't strong enough? Me just saying it?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"No-I, I'm... Uh, I'm sorry."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[sighs, turns back to students] I'm looking forward to being your vice principal, and I'm looking forward to turning this school around."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"[moves up] Alright, now if we have any q-"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,I'm not finished!
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"[backs up] Right, right, uh, I'm sorry. Every- pay attention everybody!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The Terrance & Phillip Show. As the announcers speak, the logos come up."
SUPER HARD PCness,Announcer 1,It's the Terrance & Phillip Sho-o-ow.
SUPER HARD PCness,Announcer 2,On Netflix. [the camera pans down to the duo. Terrance holds a pitchfork]
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"Hey Terrance, what did the black lawyer say to the Muslim priest?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,"I don't know, Phillip. What? [Phillip climbs up a three-step ladder, turns around, and farts on Terrance. They laugh at each other. The kids watching at Stan's living room laugh at them, but Kyle looks rather disinterested. The doorbell rings]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,Come in!
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,[walks in with Heidi] Did we miss it?
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,It's just starting.
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Oh look, honey. Kyle's mom is here. Shouldn't you be at temple, Ms. Broflovski? [Kyle is shocked as the others laugh]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Canadian Mexican,[walks into view] Hola. Would you like to buy some chimichangas?
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,"Si, mi amigo. [climbs onto the hay bale next to him as Phillip goes up the stepladder] Here, I'll give you two pesos. [he and Phillip take turns farting on the vendor. The kids in Stan's living room laugh]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Dude, that's awesome."
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,"[notices Kyle isn't laughing] What, what's wrong, dude."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,For the first time I feel kind of bad for the person being farted on.
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"Uf, Kyle's mom doesn't like the cartoon, guys. Better shut it off. [everyone laughs]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"Baby, I fuckin' love you so much."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary faculty room, day. PC Principal has called a faculty meeting."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you all know, we've been looking for a strong woman to take on the role of vice principal at this school. We couldn't be happier with the selection we've made and we're sure she'll be making our school a better place. So with that let me turn over the floor to our new vice principal, Strong Woman. [applause all around]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Thanks everyone. Alright, listen up. [gathers her papers up] I fully appreciate that some of you might be uncomfortable with me being here. Earlier today, I noticed that some faculty weren't sure whether to call me ""Miss Woman"" or just ""Strong."" If I were a man, you'd probably address me as Vice Principal Woman, so why should it be any different, huh? We good?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Uhm'kay.
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"So I've been getting to know some of the students here and I'm definitely hearing a lot of frustration and confusion over issues that all the schools are facing right now. I also spent some time observing in the cafeteria and was pretty shocked by the abusive and intolerant language. [as she speaks, Hootie & The Blowfish's ""Hold My Hand"" begins to play in PC Principal's head] Not sure if any of you have noticed, but a lot of the girls are eating their lunches out on the playground to avoid being around the toxic environment that's been created. It's my intention to make the cafeteria... P.E. class is another huge problem at this school. The girls' gym outfits seem not to have been updated since the '60s. We have a lot of work to do here. I intend to do it quickly. [in PC Principal's mind, everything around her fades out and all he sees is her against a pink background with hearts everywhere, soon replaced by flowers and leaves, then a blue sky with clouds]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Excuse me uh, I'm sorry, but uh, is anyone else hearing Hootie & The Blowfish like, very very softly?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Substitute Teacher,"Yeah, yeah, I hear it."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[rises and walks towards PC Principal] It's, it's coming from over here somewhere."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"E-excuse me everyone, I um, I need to get to the restroom. Sorry, I'll be right back. [rushes out the door, and the song disappears with him]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The playground, recess. Kyle is on his iPhone lookiing at YouTube videos of Terrance & Phillip over the years. First is a teen Terrance farting on Cher on the Soony & Cher Show, then a teen Phillip farts and sits on Sonny. Next is a video of Terrance & Phillip farting on a deer, then one of Terrance & Phillip farting on a woman and her dog, then one of Terrance farting on a News Canada reporter, then one of Terrance & Phillip farting on a woman and her baby. A song comes up, reminiscent of Michael Jackson's ""Man In The Mirror""."
SUPER HARD PCness,The Preacher,"Therefore what God hath joined together let no man [Terrance farts on the preacher] Oh! [the duo laugh. Kyle just gets off the merry-go-round and walks off campus. He walks onto a small stone bridge, where he looks at his reflection on the water below. He then leaves the bridge and goes home to look at his reflection on full-length mirror in his room. He takes off his jacket and hangs it up]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Michael Jackson,"That's it. That's it, Kyle. [Kyle takes off his Terrance & Phillip T-shirt and puts it away is his trash can, then goes to his dresser to pull out a baby blue shirt and puts it on. He then goes to the vanity mirror, takes off his hat, and gives himself a haircut] No more. No more of them doody jokes. [he leaves the bathroom and goes back to the mirror in his room] No more watching cartoons of people, people having go doody. [he checks himself out on the mirror] And poo-pooing on each other's heads. [he puts on his jacket and hat back on] It's not funny anymore, is it, Kyle? [he checks himself out once more]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Dr. Gauche's office, day. PC Principal has gone in to have his hearing checked. Hootie & The Blowfish is still in his head. The doctor walks in."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,"Hello there, misterr... Principal, is it?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"That's right, I'm PC Principal."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,Hm what's bringing you in today?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,I'm uh... having this problem with my ears. There's like a persistent kind of ahh ringing going on.
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,"[checking the right ear canal with a scope] O-kay, can you describe the ringing?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"It's um, Hootie & The Blowfish."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,You're hearing a song? [walks to the other side to check out the left eat canal]
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Yeah, uh, ahem, there's a new woman that has joined our faculty. Her name is Strong Woman, and uh, she seems to have set off some kind of device in my ears."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,So maybe you're having some feelings for her.
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"No, that couldn't be it. We work in the same place, so it would be impossible for me to like her. I'm thinking there's some sort of device in my ears."
SUPER HARD PCness,Doctor,"Well, I looked, and Hootie & The Blowfish aren't in your ears. I believe you're hearing them in your mind and your heart."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Oh, dude. Bro."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Vice Principal Strong Woman's office, day. Kyle stands outsdie the office door. To one side are ""What is Gender"" pamphlets for boys and girls separately. Kyle knocks on the door."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,You may enter. [Kyle walks in and sees her putting her books in order]
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Vice Principal Woman?
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,Yes? [sits at her desk] What can I do for you?
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"My name's Kyle, and I've been doing a lot of changing lately. I came because I might be able to offer some... insight into our problem here."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Please, by all means."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"You see, there's a culture at this school that embraces meanness, and I believe now that it comes from a Canadian TV show. All the boys watch it. I did too. We all laughed while they... farted... on innocent people's heads. The thing is, I never felt for the person being farted on. Until now. I want to work with you to open people's eyes, because I get it now."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"[not following] You want to blame farts? That seems kind of ridiculous, doesn't it?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,What?
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"I mean, it's a slippery slope when we start pointing the finger at our own shortcomings."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"But, but I thought for sure YOU would be on my side."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Kind of sounds like something my mother would say, actually."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"What?? D'oh, forget it! [turns around and walks out]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,The school hallways. Kyle walks by himself as other kids are at their lockers. Cartman's voice is heard over the PA system.
SUPER HARD PCness,Cartman,"May I have your attention please? Mrs. Broflovski, your tampons are available at the front desk. Mrs. Broflovski, your tampons are available at the front desk. Thank you. [begins to laugh. The kids around Kyle begin to laugh as well]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Heidi,"[over the PA system] Come on, we've gotta get out of here."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Rrrrr!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, later. PC Principal tries to block out ""Hold My Hand"" from his ears, but it only gets louder. His office door opens."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"You wanted to see me, PC Principal?"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Uh YES. Yes, Mackey, um, I just wanted to see how you thought it was going with Strong Woman."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Well, she seems to be acclimating fine, ukay, the kids really respect her."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Do you know, uh, [begins to fumble on his words] Do you know if Strong Woman has a boyfriend?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,What??
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,No-nothing. Just forget it. [leaves his desk and walks towards the door]
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Are you out of your fuckin' mind?! Askin' if a coworker is available in today's times?!
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"I just wanted to know because she's unavailable, then maybe I can get my head off of her, alright?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Oh boy, this is bad! This is real bad!"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,[turns around] I don't know how it happened. I know it's inappropriate and yet I can't stop thinking about her. I think I'm... sick.
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Look, this is real fucking fire you're dealing with, uhkay?! I'm gonna get someone down here from HR!"
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,HR? Is that like... Hootie Removal?
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,No! Human resources! The people that come in to make sure everything's kept on the level! We gotta get you back on track!
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,Special Report.
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,"Is Canada a bad influence on the United States? A group of young people called ""Millennials Against Canada"" thinks so, and we are joined by their leader, Kyle Broflovski."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Thanks for having me, Tom."
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,"Young man, you say Canada is to blame for most of our problems."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,All I'm saying is that there's a culture that originates from Canada which is at least partly to blame for the state of our country now.
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,To respond to this we're now joined by the Canadian Minister of Streaming.
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Thanks for having me, buddeh."
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,"Minister, how do you answer to these angry millennials?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Well, they're pissed off because their country sucks, so they wanna point the finger at us."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"I'm saying we're all guilty too. I grew up watching Terrance & Phillip, and I thought it was funny."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"So you thought it was funny, but now it's not funny?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"No, it was never funny. I see it differently now."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Oh, so you want to censor it."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"We don't wanna censor it, we just wanna... get rid of it."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Uh huh, you sound like a Jewish mother."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Oh, see? That's what I'm talking about, right there! That kind of mean, degrading, Canadian trash!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,Now I resent that! I find that racist-
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Canadians should care about the rest of the world!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"You are a racist, fwiend, and if you have a problem with Canada, maybe you should speak to your backwards President!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Maybe I will!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"'Kay, go ahead!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Maybe I know the President!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Oh, sure you do! Just like all Jewish moms, 'cause you don't understand how-"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Stop calling me that!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,Can I finish?!
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,That's all you know is how to be mean-
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"That's not a- Can I finish, please?!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Because you were all raised on it yourselves!
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Please, can I finish?! [a few seconds of silence] Alright, I'm finished."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary faculty room, day. PC Principal has called a faculty meeting."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright, everyone. Listen up. As you know, we want to provide a safe work environment for all our employees. Sometimes feelings do arise and we are tempted by the Devil to act upon them. So we've been reaching out to Human Resources division as I think we can all use someone to tell us about what is and isn't considered misconduct. She has some great advice for us, so please welcome Heather Conduct. Go ahead, Miss Conduct."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"Hello, everyone, my name is Miss Conduct. I'm hear to talk about making sure we avoid any trouble at this school. M'alright?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,[smiles] Uh m'kay.
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright. Now, by a show of hands, who's ever had inappropriate feelings for a coworker? [Strong Woman raises her hand. PC Principal is surprised]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The Terrance & Phillip Show, guest-starring a Canadian girl scout selling cookies."
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"Well hello there, little girl."
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,Are you selling girl scout cookies?
SUPER HARD PCness,Girl,Well yes I am. How about a Snickerdoodle?
SUPER HARD PCness,Phillip,"Alright, you asked for it. [raises his right leg up high slowly and farts on the girl. The duo laugh] Oh! Oh, I think I shit my pants."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"[runs into view blowing a referee whistle] Alright! That's it! Everyone stop! We're shutting it down! [the show's crew is stunned, and adult members of Millennials Against Canada come in and confiscate the equipment] We are Millennials Against Canada. We demand this kind of bullying Canadian entertainment be stopped!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Terrance,Didn't think I'd live long enough to see this all happen again.
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,Breaking News.
SUPER HARD PCness,Anchor Tom,More and more millennials are turning into Jewish mothers today as they demand the censorship of entertainment. The protesters say they're not giving up and are demanding to speak with the President of the United States.
SUPER HARD PCness,M.A.C. Protester 1,[walks up to Kyle with a ringing cell phone] Here you go. Call is coming in on your phone.
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Good. Give it here. [receives it and answers] Yes, hello? This is the leader of Millennials Against Canada."
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,"[calling from his living room] Kyle, what the fuck are you doing? [Everyone present at the viewing party is there again, except Kyle]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"Oh, I'm sorry I'm taking a stand and doing something. I realize this doesn't gel with your nihilism!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Stan,"Okay, dude. I didn't wanna have to say this, but you're really starting to sound like your mom."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,I'm not like my mom! I'm gonna make a difference! It's gonna feel real good!
SUPER HARD PCness,Tweek,"[runs up and takes the phone from Stan] Kyle! Kyle! Don't do this, man! You can't mess with this shit while You Know Who is in office! We're all gonna die!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary faculty room, day. Miss Conduct holds the floor."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright, so now everyone, we're gonna do some role-playing, m'alright? Talk about appropriate ways we can talk in the workplace. Can I, can I get a volunteer to role-play with me? M'alright? [looks towards Mackey] How about you, Mr. uh..."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Mr. Mackey.
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright, come on up here. [he joins her] M'alright now, we're just gonna pretend it's a normal mornin' before work, and we're startin' the day. [shakes hand] Oh, Mr. Mackey. Good mornin'!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"[a bit awkward] Good morning, uh, Miss Conduct."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"Now, did you have a nice night?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, yeah it was good."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright. Okay. Uh good luck today, and I hope that our workin' relationship can continue to be honest and straightforward."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, ah I'm very open and honest, I promise you that."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"I can see that. You got very honest eyes, m'alright. [turns to the rest of the faculty] M'alright, I probably shouldn't have said ""You have honest eyes"", m'alright. That's a big crossin' the line, commentin' on his physical attributes, m'alright? That's bad. I'm gonna stick to just talkin' about work only, m'alright? [back to Mr. Mackey] So, uh, Mr. Mackey, what methods do you use for counseling the students?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, I mostly use a semi-cognitive approach adapted by Kiezrick Solomon."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"Wow, you studied Solomon? He was actually my thesis in college."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Are you serious? Nobody I talked to has ever even heard of him!
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,No! Same here! What made you attracted to his work?
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Well it's just such a na-natural approach, m'kay?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright, m'alright."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"When I read it, you know, first I was like ""whoa, okay!"""
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,M'alright.
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"""This just really makes sense"", you know?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"[giggles] Well, m'alright."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,Mmmm'kay
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,M'alright. [they smile at each other]
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"Washington, D.C., day. The Minister of Streaming rides into town with four bodyguards and pull up to the White House. The minister walks into the Oval Office with two of his guards."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,Mr. President! You need to do something about your millennials!
SUPER HARD PCness,President Garrison,[plucking with his eyebrows] What do you want me to do?
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Terrance & Phillip are Canada's largest export! They account for 80% of our gross national product! If your citizens mess with them, they mess with all of us!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Garrison,"Look, I'm President of the United States. I can't get involved in every petty little protest against a third-world country."
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,"Third-world country?! [steps forward] How dare you! Canada is second-world at least! [reaches the desk] Now you listen here, Mr. Buddeh! Either you stop the embargo on The Terrance & Phillip Show, or we'll bring in our own troops to stop it ourselves!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Garrison,"Are you threatening us, you beady-eyed Canuck?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Minister of Streaming,I'm simply telling you that Canada will do what it must to protect itself!
SUPER HARD PCness,Garrison,Then I guess both our countries better be prepared.
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The faculty room, continuing. Mr. Mackey and Miss Conduct are now sitting on folding chairs enjoying their conversation, holding cups of coffee in their hands, crossing their right legs over their left ones."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"And then, you know, I was-I was looking to get away from the city. [uncrosses his legs] I've never really been a city person."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"M'alright, m'alright, I definitely get that, m'alright."
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"[crosses his legs again] I like hikin' around, bein' around in nature, m'kay."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"No, I agree, I agree, the city's bad. I love hikin' too. What are some of your favorite places?"
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Mackey,"Well, you know, Mt. Evens is always nice."
SUPER HARD PCness,Miss Conduct,"[chuckles] M'alright, m'alright. [they uncross their legs as a siren sounds]"
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,What the hell is that?
SUPER HARD PCness,Mr. Adler,[checks his phone] There's some kind of... military alert going out.
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"[stands up and looks out the window] All right, military alert, everyone! Let's get to the hallways and get the students to the gymnasium! Come on, let's move!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"The Terrance & Phillip Show set, day. There's a break in taping, since no one is moving. Helicopters are heard in the distance, police sirens are heard arriving."
SUPER HARD PCness,M.A.C. Protester 2,[looks out a window] It's the National Guard.
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,The National Guard?
SUPER HARD PCness,M.A.C. Protester 1,It's the President. He wants to talk to you. [hands him the phone]
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,Yes. This is Millennials Against Canada.
SUPER HARD PCness,Garrison,"Yeah, listen, this thing's kind of escalating. You people need to call it quits."
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"We can't do that, Mr. President. Someone has to do what's right."
SUPER HARD PCness,Garrison,What exactly do you want?
SUPER HARD PCness,Kyle,"What do I want? I want a world... where laughter doesn't come at someone else's expense. Where people can live freely without fear of being farted on. I want a world where you aren't ridiculed for trying to help. A world where a nice girl that I liked isn't turned into another Eric Cartman! These Canadians are in the way of that world, and everything they do and everything they have done needs to be erased from the Earth!"
SUPER HARD PCness,Garrison,"Jeez, I got a little chub."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallways, day. Students run towards the gym as PC Principal and Strong Woman round them up and herd them there."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,Let's go! Everyone to the gymnasium now!
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"You heard her! Move it, people! [more students run towards the gym. As the last of them runs by, he turns around] I have to make sure all the classes are empty. You go take cover with the kids."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,I'm coming too. I'm your vice principal.
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Alright, come on! [they reach the faculty room] Oh no."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,What's wrong?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"Vice Principal Woman, I need to ask you something."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,Okay?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"This is very difficult, but, uh..."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,What? What?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"[clears his throat] Well, as you can see, there's a door in front of us."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Yes, there is."
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"I would like to open this door for you. However, I understand the gender-based biases this can imply."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,Why do you need to open the door?
SUPER HARD PCness,PC Principal,"I don't need to open the door. I'd just be opening it and holding it the same way I would for Counselor Mackey, a student, anyone else."
SUPER HARD PCness,Strong Woman,"Somebody's gonna have to open the door, or we could die out here."
SUPER HARD PCness,Scene Description,"A second or two later, and they both reach for the doorknob. Her right hand gets there first and he wraps his left hand around her wright hand. They look at each other as ""Hold My Hand"" plays again. The kids are now in the gym with their teachers and other faculty. The President opens a briefcase and takes out a key with which to activate the suitcase. He puts the key in the lock and turns it, triggering a green light, and types in the numerical code that will launch a bomb onto Canada. Sometime later, a bomb falls onto Toronto, Canada, and blows it up, sending up hundreds of Canadians to their deaths. PC Principal takes off his glasses and he and Strong Woman gaze into each other's eyes. More Canadian bodies fly around. At the Terrance & Phillip show set, Kyle walks up to a TV showing the destruction the President has unleashed and is horrified by it. The last scene is PC Principal and Strong Woman gazing into each other's eyes, their hands no longer on the doorknob."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"South Park, a rainy night. A girl screams"
Splatty Tomato,Crystal,Mommy! Momm-mmy! [her bedroom door opens and her parents walk in. Her dad flicks on the lights] He's gonna get me!
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"Honey, honey, who's gonna get you?"
Splatty Tomato,Crystal,The President! I saw him! He's gonna get me!
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"Crystal, the President isn't going to get you."
Splatty Tomato,Crystal,But I saw him!
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"[to his wife] See what I told you? It's that liberal school she's going to, filling her head with all kinds of garbage! Sweetie, the President is doing the best job he can. Your liberal school is just trying to convince you he's dangerous."
Splatty Tomato,Crystal,"But Daddy, he's getting-"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"Uh uh, no buts! The President is in the White House, not here trying to get you. Okay?"
Splatty Tomato,Crystal,Oh-kaaay?
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"All right. [he and Mom walk out the door, and he tells Mom] We're having a talk with that school in the morning! [turns to Crystal] Good night, honey. [turns off the lights, and the couple goes to their room. Thunder and lightning get Crystal out of bed and she goes to her window. She sees a shadow on the walkway outside. When lightning flashes, she sees it's indeed the President.]"
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,Hey! How are my approval ratings?! [Crystal runs back to bed]
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, 8:57 p.m. He's moping at the foot of his bed."
Splatty Tomato,Reporter,"And the latest reports are now saying that over a million Canadians were killed in the nuclear blast. The bomb dropped by the U.S. President took out the entire city of Toronto, and fallout is expected to kill thousands more in the coming days. [A moment of silence follows, and Ike appears at Kyle's door.]"
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,"Ike... Ike, I'm sorry that I caused a nuclear bomb to be dropped on Canada. I was just- you know, I was just trying to get shows that were toxic taken down. You know, those shows can be really harmful."
Splatty Tomato,Ike,"Ohhh, stop being a victim! Jesus Christ! [turns left and walks away. Kyle is left with his jaw dropped, then goes back to moping]"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"South Park, Elementary, day. It's raining outside. The Principal's office. A father is expressing his concerns"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"What I wanna know is, what gives you the right to preach your political views to my children?! Our daughter woke up with nightmares that the President was going to get her! Just because two liberals happen to be principal and vice principal doesn't mean you can brainwash my kids!"
Splatty Tomato,PC Principal,"Uh, we sort of have some bigger problems right now, Mr. Uh..."
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"It's White. Bob White. You probably never even heard of our family, huh? Well, the Whites have been here since the beginning! Not that it matters, 'cause no one cares about the Whites. Sure, everyone else has problems, but does anyone ask the Whites how they're doing?!"
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,"Mr. White, we assure you that we run this school in a very [glances at PC Principal] professional manner and don't let [glances again] personal emotions get in the way. [glances again. He looks back, and their eyes are locked]"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"Oh, sure you don't! You know how hard I had to fight to even get this meeting with you?! ""Oh, who wants to talk to the administration? Oh, it's just the Whites? Oh, who cares about the Whites? They're fine!"" Well, we've just about had with you, you understand? [a song plays that drowns out Mr. White's rant: Barbara Mandrell - ""(If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want To Be Right""] And damn it, we won't be ignored!"
Splatty Tomato,Mrs.White,"[hearing the song somehow] I'm sorry, is anyone else hearing ""(If Loving You Is Wrong) I Don't Want To Be Right"" very very quietly?"
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,"Uh, no. Mr. and Mrs. White, we promise that we will not let anything happen that might bring the integrity of this school into question."
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,Guess that's all the Whites can hope for these days.
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"South Park, night. Someone is riding a bike in the rain. It's Tweek. He notices something off to his left - a red balloon - on which is written ""Make America Great Again."" The balloon pops, revealing President Garrison"
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,Hey!
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,Aaaagh!
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,How are my approval ratings?
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,It's the President! Gaaahhh! [rides away quickly]
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,"Wait, come back! What's wrong?"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"Sepcial Report, with Bill Keegan"
Splatty Tomato,Bill Keegan,"Still no word from the President, as his Splatty Tomato approval rating drops to an unprecedented 3%. This puts the President four points below Nut Job 2: Nutty By Nature. Meanwhile, the Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau called upon Canadians to stand strong."
Splatty Tomato,Justin Trudeau,"[stands behind a tattered podium with a Canadian flag on it.] Make no mistake, America! If you do not hand over your President, there will be war the likes of which you have never seen! Canadians will rise together! I call on all Canadians here and abroad to stand with their country! The U.S. President must answer for his crime, and only Canada can bring him to justice! [Trudeau himself was bombed, as he is charred and tattered as well. Ike, having seen the broadcast, gets angry and walks off]"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"A bus bench, day. Craig and Tweek sit on it, Tweek shivering from his encounter with the President. Tweek grumbles."
Splatty Tomato,Craig,"[pats him on the shoulder] There there, Tweek. Everything is going to be okay."
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,"I saw what I saw, Craig! You have to believe me!"
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,[Him and Stan walk up with their bikes] What's going on?
Splatty Tomato,Craig,Tweek's having a panic attack.
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,It was real! He tried to get me!
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,Who did?
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,"The President! [Stan looks away, as if Tweek's statement hit close to home]"
Splatty Tomato,Craig,"It's just your imagination, Tweek."
Splatty Tomato,Stan,It's not his imagination. I saw him too.
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,You saw the President?
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Out by the quarry. But I didn't believe it. I said, ""How could this be..."""
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,"...""The President?"" [Her and Cartman walk up with their bikes] I saw him too. He had a blue suit and an orange face. He kept asking me ""How are my ap..."""
Splatty Tomato,Token,"""...How are my approval ratings?"" [walks up with his bike] I saw him too."
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Dude, isn't this all really familiar? I saw something just like this on that show called Stranger..."
Splatty Tomato,Randy,[rides up on his bike] ...Stranger Things. Stranger Things is the show. I saw it too.
Splatty Tomato,Craig,"But wait, isn't Stranger Things just like that movie-?"
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,Just like that movie It.
Splatty Tomato,Randy,You saw It too?
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Yeah, I saw It in the theater."
Splatty Tomato,Token,I saw Stranger Things AND It.
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"Jesus. I don't think anyone's imagining anything. I think the President IS here. You kids get inside somewhere. I have to warn the town! [gets on his bike and rides off, only to fall on his face a few seconds later.] Aw!"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"Town meeting, night. A crowd has gathered inside, and all the townsfolk are talking"
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,"All right, people. People, please! We need everyone to try and stay calm."
Splatty Tomato,Townsman 1,How can we stay calm while the President's out there scaring our children?!
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,"Look, we all want the President out of here. It's just a matter of how we do it. I know you all want to get rid of him."
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,That's not true! The Whites still support the President
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"Oh, for fuck's sake, White, he's running around eating our pets and terrorizing our kids!"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,You think Hillary would have been any better?!
Splatty Tomato,Townsfolk,"Aw! Come on! Sit down, Bob!"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"[Sits down] I'm just sayin', I'm just sayin'"
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,"Listen, everyone. I have a team right now that's trying to locate the President, and I'd like you to hear from Officer Bright, who's leading the search. [the officer adjusts his pants and walks up to the podium]"
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,"Hey folks, we know you're all uh concerned, but I wanna assure you that we're doing everything we can to track the President down and have him safely removed. Since the President was given a Splatty Tomato he's become very desperate and very dangerous. If you see the President, do not approach him. Do not try to reason with him. Most importantly, remember that this is the President, so you cannot shoot him. All right? You can't even talk about shooting him. Don't even... do any coy, satirical takes on shooting him. [the room stays silent] Okay, good. What we're trying to do here is just get the President to go away. We're gonna be handing out padlocks like this one [lifts one up for display] so everyone can lock up their garbage. If we don't feed the President, hopefully he'll just move on. Are there any questions?"
Splatty Tomato,Townsman 2,Can we talk about a friend shooting him if it's in sort of a sarcastic way?
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,"No, no, no. It's just best to avoid that kind of talk altogether. Remember, they can do to you what they did to Kathy Griffin."
Splatty Tomato,Randy,Make her not funny for thirty years?
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,"That's right, so best thing is just lock up your garbage and see if we can get the President to... go away."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"South Park, night. An officer is tacking posters of missing Ike onto community boards throughout town. Stan, Cartman, Heidi, Craig, and Tweek watch as the officer finishes his work on one particular board and moves on"
Splatty Tomato,Stan,Jesus. Now kids are going missing.
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,We're all going to be missing soon! Nyaaarg!
Splatty Tomato,Stan,[notices Kyle across the street walking by] Kyle! [the kids walk up to him]
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,It's my fault. Ike went to go take matters into his own hands. I have to find him.
Splatty Tomato,Craig,We'll help you.
Splatty Tomato,Stan,We'll all help you.
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,Guys this could be very dangerous.
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,"You're not going. You promised that tonight, we would have a date night."
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,Darling this is a little more pressing than date night.
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,"Oh great. So Kyle's stupid brother goes missing, and I get fucked. How come I'm always the one getting shit on around here?"
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,I don't need anyone to go with me.
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,"Oh what's the matter, Kyle? Don't want me around because you had the hots for me and I shut you down?"
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,I would never have the hots for the person you are now.
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Come on you guys. Look, we all know what we're supposed to do now We all saw ""It"" and ""Stranger Things"". We need to get our backpacks and go out to the woods and save the town from evil to some kick-ass '80s' music!"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"Meanwhile at De Faggoncini Italian, Butters, the Vice Principal and PC Principal walk trhough the door. Butters wears a message on his shirt saying 'Student of the Day'."
Splatty Tomato,Waiter,"Hello, joining us for lunch today?"
Splatty Tomato,PC Principal,"Uh, yes. We are here with our student of the day to reward him lunch with the principal and vice principal."
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,We have a reservation.
Splatty Tomato,Waiter,"Okay, last name?"
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,Woman.
Splatty Tomato,Waiter,First name?
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,[Takes a deep breath] Strong.
Splatty Tomato,Waiter,"Oh, yes, Strong Woman, here we are. We have a nice booth set up for you."
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,We can't keep doing this. People are gonna see through it.
Splatty Tomato,PC Principal,"Is it my fault that I found the most amazing, perfect, beautiful woman...at work?"
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,Nobody will understand.
Splatty Tomato,PC Principal,Maybe they will. We're co-worker who are in love. You really think that's going to bother people?
Splatty Tomato,Butters,"Well, should we order now?"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,Bob White comes out of his house with some food. He then starts whistling. He then proceeds to put the food on the floor but is stopped.
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"What are you doing, Bob?"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,Aah!
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"[Randy is joined by Steven, Linda, Sharon and Roger] Have you been putting food out for the president?"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"No, I was just, uh, taking these sandwiches to the trash."
Splatty Tomato,Randy,We all agreed not to feed him so he'd go away.
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,We didn't all agree! You all agreed! Nobody asked the Whites how they felt! Nobody cares what the Whites have to say!
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"Bob, come on. You have to know it's not safe to have him here."
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"In 2003, Hillary Clinton admitted to taking funds for her foundation from foreign diplomats!"
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"What's that got to do with anything, Bob? Come on."
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,It's fucking true!
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"Bob, if Canada finds out the president is hiding here, they are going to nuke us. He needs to go."
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,Hillary wouldn't have been any better.
Splatty Tomato,Randy,Give me the finger sandwiches.
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,Fine! Go ahead and take the White's sandwiches! They've taken everything else!
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"As the boys begin their journey ""The Chicago Bears' The Super Bowl Shuffle"" plays."
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Due, this is '80's' music?"
Splatty Tomato,Craig,Yeah. It's Pandora. '80s' channel.
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Well, just skip to the next song, man. We're trying to get psyched to destroy evil. We need better '80s' music than that."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"As the boys continue, ""Gloria"" plays. Heidi stops as the boys go over a bridge."
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Heidi? Honey, what are you doing?"
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,"This is the place... This is the place where I ended it all, remember? This is where I threw my phone of the bridge and quit Twitter for good. [The camera pans to the left to show Heidi's ghost] I was so different then... so naive and hopeful. [The ghost throws the phone in the river after tweeting her final goodbye]"
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Yes honey, now can we get going, please?"
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,I'm sorry! I'm trying to have a moment here! This is where our whole relationship started asshole!
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Yes, it's very touching, sweetheart. I love you so much. [Quietly] I'm sorry about this, you guys."
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,[The ghost turns to face herself] I remember feeling like I had nobody. Skinny bitch.
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,We need to keep going guys.
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,Over at the Mayor's office.
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,Don't tell me you haven't gotten the President out of here.
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,We haven't gotten the president out of here. And there's some worse news. A bunch of kids have gone missing.
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,What?
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,I think we have to assume that the President has... eaten them. [Mrs Tweak starts crying]
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,Why are you here talking to me instead of trying to find the President?
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,"Don't worry, we're close. He's out in the woods somewhere. And we've set up a fox trap."
Splatty Tomato,Mayor McDaniels,A fox trap?
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"The president is watching a mouse, grabs it and eats it. He then sees Fox News with a man sitting waiting."
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,"Oh, Fox News... They'll listen to me. They'll get my side of the story right!"
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,[He whistles the bird call of the bobwhite quail to get Garrison's attention] It's a trap!
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,What?
Splatty Tomato,Bob White,"It's a Fox trap, Mr. President!"
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,"Oh, thank God for the Whites."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"The boys venture on as ""Hold On to the Nights"" plays."
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,Ike! Ike?
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Dude, come on! This is not kick-ass '80s' music!"
Splatty Tomato,Craig,"""Hold On to the Nights"" Richard Marx, 1988."
Splatty Tomato,Tweek,Do we really need music?
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Yeah! Craig just has the wrong stuff. Forget your pandora. I'm doing Spotify. '80s' music. 'Kay. There. [""Pac-Man Fever"" plays]"
Splatty Tomato,Craig,"Oh, yeah. That's better."
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,Can we go please?!
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,The boys come up to the log cabin.
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,Here it is. [Opens the door] Ike?
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,Wait a minute... Isn't this the place you brought me before? The place you said your friends smashed your phone and computer...? I remember I felt so bad for you. We used to sit in the part and talk for hours. How come we never do that anymore?
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Oh, fuck. Here we go."
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,Here we go what?! You used to be so nice to me.
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,You used to be nice to me!
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,I tired! But then you started rolling your eyes every time I tried to talk to you!
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,Ughhhh...
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,He's not here either.
Splatty Tomato,Craig,"Dude, maybe your brother didn't even go looking for the President."
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,"You don't understand Canadians. They're fiercely loyal to their country. When Canada is attacked, they all join in the fight."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"Ike is seen riding a dog. He uses a pair of binoculars to look around. He then picks some poo up, breaks it in half and sniffs it, he then proceeds to get back on his dog."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,Randy and a few other parents are looking around in the woods. He uses a flashlight.
Splatty Tomato,Jimbo,Randy! Randy!
Splatty Tomato,Randy,What?
Splatty Tomato,Jimbo,They got him! They found the President!
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,We found his hideout. There. Someone's gotta go flush him out. I'll be ready to trap him.
Splatty Tomato,Randy,I'll do it.
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,"Hey, hey! Just remember he's been eating animals and living like a monster. Just... prepare yourself for what you're about to see."
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,Randy approaches the tent and looks inside to see Strong Woman and PC Principal naked.
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,Oh my God!
Splatty Tomato,Randy,What the... Principal and Vice Principal...?
Splatty Tomato,Strong Woman,I told you we couldn't hide.
Splatty Tomato,Randy,But... But you two work togeth... You two work togeth... [Vomits]
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,"Hey, what the hell's going on?!"
Splatty Tomato,Linda Black,Who's together?
Splatty Tomato,Randy,The Principal and the Vice Principal!
Splatty Tomato,Steven,They can't be together! They're co-workers!
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,PC Principal and Strong Woman exit the tent. Steven vomits.
Splatty Tomato,Offier Bright,"Wait, wait. You mean he's actually her superior and they were in there... [Gags, then vomits]"
Splatty Tomato,Steven,Who would want to put their penis in a co-worker?! [Gags then vomits. Everyone else starts doing the same]
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,The boys proceed on while Queen of Hearts plays.
Splatty Tomato,Kyle,"Oh, my God! Look! These are Ike's toy binoculars! He was here! Ike!"
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,I remember this place too... This is where you brought me on Halloween. Remember?
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"[Sarcastically] Yes, darling, wasn't it romantic"
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,No! It wasn't romantic. There was a witch and you had me dress up like Gretel and... [gasps] you were trying to get me killed!
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Sweetheart, you made me late to the pumpkin patch, remember? I was hurt."
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,You were hurt! You Were the victim.
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,I'm glad you understand.
Splatty Tomato,Heidi,"[Heidi's ghost appears] Who turned you into this, Heidi? Shut up! Skinny-ass bitch! You don't know anything!"
Splatty Tomato,Cartman,"Heidi, I think spooky walk in the woods is making you lost it a little bit."
Splatty Tomato,Stan,Guys!
Splatty Tomato,Garrison,"I'm seriously dehydrated and starving. I'm pretty sick of this shit, so you better... Aah!"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,Mr Garrison gets caught in a trap Ike set up. Meanwhile at the Community Center.
Splatty Tomato,Mr. Turner,Have we already done a search of this area? Maybe she went there with her boyfriend!
Splatty Tomato,Mrs. Turner,She would have called by now.
Splatty Tomato,Laura,I just talked to the McCormicks. They haven't seen Tweek or Craig since yesterday.
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,"Just then, Jimbo, Steven, Linda, Officer Bright, Roger, Mrs Tweak along with a few other parents walk through the door."
Splatty Tomato,Sharon,Randy! Did you find anything?
Splatty Tomato,Randy,[He takes off his hood] Sharon... I... I...
Splatty Tomato,Sharon,What is it? What did you find?
Splatty Tomato,Randy,The... There's... Ugh...
Splatty Tomato,Sharon,"Tell me! You have to tell me! [Officer Bright takes off his hat] Oh, God! What did you see?!"
Splatty Tomato,Randy,You don't want to know.
Splatty Tomato,Sharon,You have to tell me! I can take it! Did you find our son's arm? Did you find him torn apart? What?!
Splatty Tomato,Randy,"The Principal and Vice Principal are, like... together. [Sharon vomits right onto Randy's face.] Aw!"
Splatty Tomato,Scene Description,Ike plays a high pitched horn as he arrives back in South Park. Everyone comes out of the Community Center. He has Garrison tied up behind and gagged.
Splatty Tomato,Officer Bright,It's the President! [People begin to cheer]
Splatty Tomato,Sheila,Ike! Kyle!
Splatty Tomato,Sharon,"Stan, you're okay!"
Splatty Tomato,Stan,"Yeah, we're okay!"
