Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Yes. Yes, I do."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Well... [mocking] ""Nobody gives a crap about your Trapper Keeper, Cartman!"""
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I'm gonna shove that thing up your ass!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Dude, do you really care if Cartman has something that's better than yours?"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"No, I don't! I don't care!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[stick the notebook out] Here, Kyle. [Bill stares at Cartman's Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten room. The room appears festive, the wall adorned with a beaming sun with rays coming from it, rolling hills with trees here and there. The kids enter and take their places at the round table. Two miffed boys stand by the door as Ike enters the room"
Trapper Keeper,Boy #1,"Hey, there he is. That's the kid that's s'posed to be some kind of genius."
Trapper Keeper,Boy #2,"Yeah, he's only three and he's already in kindergarten."
Trapper Keeper,Boy #1*,"Come on. [The two boys walk up to Ike and sit on the chairs on either side of him] So, you think you're smarter than the rest of us? Do you think you know more about the world just because you are only 3 and we're 5?"
Trapper Keeper,Ike,Unkoo baba.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[enters the room] Okay, children, let's take our seats. [closes the door and approaches the table] My name is Mr. Garrison, and I'm the new kindergarten teacher. I used to be the third grade teacher, but I had a little [wags the index and ring finger of each hand] ""nervous breakdown"" and went into the mountains where I lived off of ""rat carcasses"". [a view of some of the kids' reactions] But I'm all better now, and the school was nice enough to let me go on teaching, as long as it was for kindergarten. [a view of other kids' reactions] But it's not a demotion. No. I mean, just because a teacher was teaching third grade and now is teaching kindergarten, that's not a demotion, is it? [the kids look confused] No, that's right, it's not. Well, let's start with roll call. Uh, let's see. Filmore Anderson?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore*,Here.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Sally Bands?
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Here.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Ike Broflovski?
Trapper Keeper,Ike,Cookie Monster.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Broflovski, I had your older brother Kyle in my third-grade class. He's a very smart kid. I'm sure you are, too. [Fillmore and his friend glare at Ike] Well that's bad news for everybody else, because I will be grading you all on a curve. [Ike looks at Filmore and friend and starts to sink in his seat]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, fourth grade room. The class is present, along with ""Bill Cosby"" Cartman elaborates on the wonderful attributes of his Trapper Keeper"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,And so the other thing that makes my Trapper Keeper cooler than Kyle's is that it can add any peripheral device to itself automatically. [Kyle glares at him with arms crossed.] I can take something as simple as this calculator [a Wellington Bear model] and... Trapper Keeper?
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,[its TV screen turns on] Trapper Keeper active.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Hybrid with Wellington Bear calculator.
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Ready for hybrid. [Two cables reach out and grab the calculator and pull it into a ready slot. Cartman closes the Trapper Keeper]
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"And now it can use Wellington Bear calculator, too."
Trapper Keeper,Kids,Wow.
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[reaches over Cartman's shoulder] May I hold your Trapper Keeper?
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Uh, n-no, I'm afraid not, Bill Cosby, because it is coded to the prints on my fingers. [wiggles them outstretched] If anybody but me tries to hold it, big metal spikes come out and pierce through their hands."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Oh, you are so full of crap, Cartman! Metal spikes will not come out!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh really? [hands the folder over to Kyle] Then, why don't you hold it? [Kyle looks at it in Cartman's outstretched hand.] Well, go on, Kyle. If it doesn't have metal spikes, then hold it. [inches closer and whispers] Hold it."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I'm gonna!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[inches closer and whispers] Hold it.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I will!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten room. Mr. Garrison is telling his life story to the kids"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"And that's how the relationship with my father sort of ended. There's still some sort of skeletons in the closet, but things between us are a little better. [some of the kids are stunned. Garrison starts writing on the board] Okay, children, well now it's time for us to elect a class president, [writes up ""KINDERGARTEN CLASS PRESIDENT"" on the chalkboard and underlines it] so first we must pick nominees. [turns and faces the class] Who would like to nominate someone?"
Trapper Keeper,Boy #2,"I nominate Filmore, because he's the smartest kid in the class."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, Filmore. [writes the name on the board] You'll be our first nominee. And who else? [a girl raises her hand] Yes, Jenny."
Trapper Keeper,Jenny,I gotta go doodie.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"In a minute, Jenny. Who else wants to nominate a class president? [the kids stay quiet] Oh, come on! You can't have an election with just one person running! What's the fun in that? Ike? How about you? You're a genius."
Trapper Keeper,Ike,[looks at an angry Fillmore and friend] No.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, our second nominee is Ike the genius. [writes the name up on the board. Filmore and friend stare at a chagrined Ike] Okay, children, now we'll hear briefly from each nominee. Filmore, why don't you go first?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"[leaves his seat, approaches the board, and faces the class] If I'm elected class president, I'll call for big ol' chairs. And on Fridays, I'll add two minutes to nap time. Thank you. [returns to his seat]"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Very enthralling. Okay, Ike? How about you?"
Trapper Keeper,Ike,"[leaves his seat, approaches the board, and faces the class] Cookie Monster. Ice."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"...Well, this is gonna be a tough one, kids."
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground. The four boys stand around the tetherball pole while two kids in front of them toss a football, two girls walk by behind them, another kid climbs the jungle gym, and another rocks on a hobby elephant"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Oh, no, dude, here comes that weird new kid."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Ahhh, hello Eric. Can I be your human friend? [winces] I mean, friend?"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"I don't know, dude. I'm not supposed to have any male friends that are over 30. I kind of screwed on that once."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Please. We can have fun and play games, like human four square-- [coughs up] I mean, four square."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Dude, you can't just ask to be somebody's friend and be their friend; it doesn't work that way. If you want to be my friend, you'll have to pay me."
Trapper Keeper,Bil,"Oh, I see. Alright, I'll pay 100 geliga stones-- Uh, I mean, human dollars! Eugh, I mean dollars!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Okay, that's cool."
Trapper Keeper,Bil,[holds up the tetherball] Can we play some human tetherball?
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"A-alright. Pretty sweet, you guys, getting a hundred bucks to play tetherball with some-- [by this time, ""Bill"" has pulled away from the pole and Cartman, and has the tether taut and ready to release]"
Trapper Keeper,Bil,"Serve! [whips the ball at Cartman, knocking him onto his back. The Trapper Keeper falls away and lands next to Kenny. ""Bill"" makes his move]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Ugh..! [""Bill"" goes after the Trapper Keeper and runs away with it]"
Trapper Keeper,Bil,Got it!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Ey!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Dude! He's running off with your Trapper Keeper! [just then, spikes come out of the Trapper Keeper and some of them go clear through ""Bill's"" hands.]"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[stops and looks at his pierced hands] Waa-agggh! [clenches his teeth and continues running]
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"You son of a bitch! [recalls something] Wait a minute. [whips out a small gadget and activates it] Lucky for me, I have my Trapper Keeper homing device. [walks towards the source of the sound heard in the device and away from his friends]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,[confused] What the hell just happened?
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,[angry] Damn! I thought fourth grade was gonna be different.
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Kindergarten. Mr. Garrison tallies up the votes so far on the board..."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"So that's six votes for Filmore and six votes for Ike. [sets the chalk down and reads the last ballot] And the last vote is for... Uh, let's see. Flora, I can't tell who you voted for. [Flora, a timid, pretty blond girl trying to bury her face into her laps, which are raised up on the chair, is shown] You've got the winning vote, Flora. Who d'you pick?"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,I don't know... [smiles and looks down and away]
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Flora, you have to pick one. Filmore or Ike?"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,"Um, I vote for... I don't know."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, great! Flora's undecided! Well, you're just gonna have to sit there, Flora, and think about it until you come up with an answer."
Trapper Keeper,Flora,Okay.
Trapper Keeper,Boy #,"Flora, just say you vote for Filmore so we can all go home."
Trapper Keeper,Flora,Um...
Trapper Keeper,Sally,No! You want Ike to be president.
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,We're gonna be here all night! Why don't you guys just concede?
Trapper Keeper,Two kids,Yeah!
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Why don't you just concede?
Trapper Keeper,Other kids,Yeah! [the kids start to argue]
Trapper Keeper,Some Kids,Filmore!
Trapper Keeper,Other Kids,Ike!
Trapper Keeper,Girl,I want Ike to be president! [several kids from Filmore's side rush across the table to kids on Ike's side]
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, for Christ's sakes, you're all acting like a bunch o' kids!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A police car zooms down the street. Officer Barbrady flies down the road in the police cruiser with Cartman in the passenger seat and Stan, Kyle, and Kenny in the back seat. Cartman has the Trapper Tracker Keeper in his hand and is following the Trapper Keeper's signal on the Tracker's screen"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Turn left here! We're getting close! Get your gun ready!
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Eric, I'm not gonna shoot anybody for taking your school folder."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[grabs Barbrady's ] It was not a school folder, it was a Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Futura S 2000! And if-- [spots ""Bill""] There he is!"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[turns to see the cruiser coming his way] Wagh!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Got ya! [grabs the steering wheel from Barbrady]
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Hey! [Cartman steers the cruiser into a building, crushing ""Bill"" and rattling the building]"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Gaagghhh! [crumples to the floor. Barbrady and the others exit the car and gather at Bill. His left arm has been amputated, revealing functioning wires. The lower half holding the Trapper Keeper in hand. Barbrady and the boys stare in shock]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Whoa, dude..!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,End of act one. Time: 7:50
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"same time, later..."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Ahh, try to take my Trapper Keeper, will you?"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,Please. You do not understand.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[takes his place] Book him, Barbrady. Another job well done."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[plaintive] That Trapper Keeper has to be destroyed!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Why are you so obsessed with Cartman's Trapper Keeper, Bill Cosby?"
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,Bill Cosby?
Trapper Keeper,Bill,Nooo! Listen to me! I am not really Bill Cosby. [the boys and Barbrady show shock] My name is BSM-471. I am a cyborg engineered by humans from the year 2034.
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Well, I knew you weren't Bill Cosby!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I have come to destroy that Trapper Keeper, because it was the Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper that belongs to an Eric Cartman in South Park which three years from now manifests itself into an omnipotent super being, and destroys all of humanity. In the year 2004, a hybrid-assimilating computer linked with a satellite uplink computer. From there it was able to slowly take over every computer in the world. [cables reach out from the Trapper Keeper and engulf two computers. The process continues engulfing all of the US] It became stronger and stronger, until by the year 2018 it broke away from mankind [skulls litter the landscape] and there was nothing the humans could do. [in the distance a Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper tower rises] It wasn't long before Mighty Trapper Keeper started to destroy everything it saw as useless, including humans. [people are shot left and right from the Trapper Keeper's weapons] The nations tried everything to stop it. [troops line up and fire at the Trapper Keeper] Nuclear devices, seismic missiles. But nothing worked. [robotic tanks come into view, firing away at the Trapper Keeper] The humans built robots of their own, whole armies of them. [DC TK209s approach the advancing armies and fire at them] But nothing was strong enough to stop Trapper Keeper. [the battle scene fades, and BSM-471 is shown once again on the ground] And so finally, the humans decided to send one of their robots into the past to destroy the Trapper Keeper before it even got started."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Wow, that's amazing."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Man, I guess sometimes we let our technology and stuff grow too fast."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"What do you think, Officer Barbrady?"
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't listening."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"And so, Eric. Now you see why we must destroy your Trapper Keeper."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[long pause] You guys. Did I mention that it has a pencil sharpener and a crayon sharpener?
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Cartman, it takes over the world and destroy all of humanity!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"What would you guys have me do, huh?! Walk around with just a plain old Trapper Keeper like Kyle's?! Is that what you want?!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Yes!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Aw, damnit! [throws his Trapper Keeper to the ground] Here! Take it! You want my heart as well?! You'll find it on the bottom of your shoes! [walks off to his left sadly]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The class is looking at Flora. Mr. Garrison sits on a chair looking bored"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,I decided.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[jumps up] Oh, thank God, Flora! [gets ready to write] Alright, who do you vote for?"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,Umm... Ike.
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,Yay!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[adds the tally to Ike's total] Okay, so then the total is six for Filmore and now seven votes for Ike. Ike is the new class president."
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,We want a recount.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,[miffed] What?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore's Supporters,Recount! Recount! Recount! Recount!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, of all the juvenile things I've ever heard! You lost, Filmore! Don't be such a baby! [Filmore cries and throws a tantrum, pounding away on the classroom table] Alright, alright, I'll count up the ballots again. Okay, we had one vote for Filmore... [writes Filmore's name on the board. A time lapse shows him writing on a crowded board now] ...And this time, I again get six votes for Filmore and seven votes for Ike."
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,Count them again.
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,Yeah!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"No, children! I've recounted 106 times now and I keep coming up with seven to six! Except in the one instance where it came out seven to five, and one where it came out twelve to fourteen. It's over! Ike is class president!"
Trapper Keeper,Kid #2,"Wait, there's still that absent kid."
Trapper Keeper,Fillmore,"Yeah. If Carlos is absent, we have to wait for his vote."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, will you grow up?!"
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,[clamoring] Absent kids count! Absent kids count! Absent kids count!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Jesus..! Alright, we'll wait for tomorrow so the absent kid can cast his vote. Now go home! [the kids leave]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway, next day."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Good morning, humans."
Trapper Keeper,Stan/Kyle,"Hey, Bill Cosby."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I have successfully destroyed Eric Cartman's Trapper Keeper. I broke it apart, dipped the motherboards in acid, burned the memory chips, and sent the wiring to the four corners of Canada."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,That should do it.
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"So what are you going to do with your crappy robot life now, Bill Cosby?"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Well, that is a problem that is causing me some disconcernment. I am still here, but I shouldn't be here. If Trapper Keeper has been stopped, then I should not exist. But here I am. Something is still not right."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[walks up with another Trapper Keeper] Hey, dudes."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cartman! You still got a Trapper Keeper!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Yeah, I'm a genius! Last night I went home and told my mom that I lost the last one. Then I cried and I cried, and finally she felt so bad that she took me to the store and bought me a new one! [holds it up high] So everything worked out."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,[frightened] Oh no!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Cartman, you dumbass! You can't get a new one!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Why the hell not?!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Because if your Trapper Keeper takes over the world, then maybe it was this Trapper Keeper and not the one before!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Wait... so then you guys burned my last one for no reason!
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,We will have to destroy this Trapper Keeper.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[holds his Trapper Keeper close] But I don't think I can get my mom to buy me another one.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Don't you get it?! You can't have any Trapper Keepers, fat ass!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, that is bullcrap! And you know what I think? I think this whole thing is a setup! That's right! Kyle got this guy to say that he's a robot from the future just because he's jealous of my Trapper Keeper! And you know what else? Screw you guys. I'm going home. [moves off to his left]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cartman!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Ech! Screw you guys. Home. [walks away]
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Well, that does it! [pull out a pocket phaser from his overcoat and aims it at Cartman]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Hey! What are you doing?
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I'm afraid I have no other choice. [pulls the phaser back] For the sake of humanity, I have to kill him."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Oh... Okay.
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Yeah, that's fine. [""Bill"" aims the phaser once again] No, wait!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,What?
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Can I do it?
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Oh, well, I suppose. [tosses the phaser to Stan]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"[takes it and quickly aims] Sweet! Kiss your ass goodbye, fat boy!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Wait! [grabs it back] Perhaps there is another way. If you could take me to where Eric Cartman lives, I could try reasoning with his human mother."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Well, yeah, or we could just kill him."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Yeah, that'd be faster."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,He's right there.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I'm afraid I can't. I think I'm actually starting to feel what you humons call ""compassion"". It is an amazing feeling!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan/Kyle/ Kenny,Awww..!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. Mr. Garrison stands before the class and begins to speak"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Alright children, as you know, we've been waiting for the absent kid's ballot to come in. Well, his mother was nice enough to bring him in from the hospital so that he could cast his vote. Ms. Harris? [she walks in with a little boy attached to IV bag on a pole. The kid hands him the ballot and coughs out an organ] Thank you very much, Billy. Don't forget to pick up your lung. [Billy starts to walk away, then stops to pick it up] Alright, the absent kid's ballot is for... [reads] Filmore."
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,Yay./Hooray. [Mr. Garrison adds Billy's vote to Filmore's tally]
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Wait one minute!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, Jesus tap-dancing Christ."
Trapper Keeper,Sally,I think the ballot were misleading. Some kids didn't understand whom they were voting for.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,There's a box next to Filmore's name and a box next to Ike's! What's not to understand?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"[pointing at Sally] You're just saying that, 'cause you know you're gonna lose now."
Trapper Keeper,Sally,"No, I'm saying that because you are a boogerface!"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Well, just you wait, 'cause my famous aunt is on huh way right now."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Who's your famous aunt?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"My aunt Rosie, Rosie O'Donnell."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Your aunt Rosie O'Donnell is coming here?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Yeah, she's very active in politics. So she's gonna set all this straight."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,[resigned] Oh no..!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, day, Cartman's room. Cartman sets the Trapper Keeper in a tray, then secures it onto a docking bay and plugs a cable into it"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Recharging.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Sweet. You're so cool, Trapper Keeper. I would never let those assholes take you away.[singing his own Dawson's Creek theme song] I don't wanna wait for my Trapper Keeper to be overThe ways of my Trap--"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper ready to ensorb. [cables reach out and grab Cartman's computer like a giant hand, and pull it towards the Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, cool."
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper, merging. [cables reach out and grab a lamp and a Wellington Bear desk clock]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[softly] Whoa...
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,End of act two. Time: 13:59
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, day, dining room. ""Bill"" is seated at the head of the table, with Liane and Kenny to his right, and Stan and Kyle to his left"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"And so you see, Ms. Cartman, you cannot buy your son Eric another Trapper Keeper. Not now! Not ever!"
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"Right, because it will hybrid with all those other processors and generate a whole new era of technological darkness."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Correct.
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"Well, I certainly won't buy him anymore, then... Bill. [starts flirting with him]"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Good. Now all that is left to do is destroy the Trapper Keeper Eric has now. Where is he?
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"In his room. But, why don't I show you the rest of the house first? [pulls ""Bill"" from the chair]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Uh-oh.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Here we go again.
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"Come this way, Billy. [takes him away from the table]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Well, come on. Let's go upstairs and get Cartman's Trapper Keeper ourselves. [he and Kenny leave the table, with Kyle following]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Cartman's room. Cartman is getting friendly with his Trapper Keeper
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Kyle is just jealous of you, Trapper Keeper. You kick ass!I don't wanna let my Trapper Keeper get--"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"[knocks on the door] Open up, Cartman! We're taking your Trapper Keeper! [Cartman hops off his chair and dances to the door. He locks it and continues singing]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Screw you guys, screw you guysScrew you guys, scr--"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper, ready to ensorb."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Huh? [walks towards his computer]
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"[in the hallway, pounds on the door] Dammit, Cartman, open up!"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper, ready for hybrid."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, sweet. What's it gonna hybrid with now? [cables come from the monitor and grab him] Ugh--!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"[pounds on the door] Cartman, you might as well open up! We're just gonna have Bill Cosby bust the door down after he finishes having sex with your mom. [he and Kyle now notice the groans coming from the room]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Cartman? [inside, cables wrap tight around his face and go in, transforming his body into a grotesque hybrid, and the hybrid begins to grow] He's not gonna open it. Break it down."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,You break it down!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Okay. Ready? One, two, three, not it!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Not it! You lose, Kenny. [he and Kyle quickly step out of the way]"
Trapper Keeper,Kenny,"(Awww..!) [goes to the far wall and then rushes the door, only to be plastered against the far wall...] (Argh--!) [...by the unhinged bedroom door being pushed out by the evolving Trapper Keeper. The boys are frozen in place with mouths open]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,You ba--! [the boys make a run for it down the hall and down the stairs as the Trapper Keeper oozes out of Cartman's room]
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, outside. The front door opens and Stan and Kyle rush outside and away"
Trapper Keeper,Stan/Kyle,"Agggghhh! [the Trapper Keeper bursts through every window in the house and then the house begins to crumble around it. It collapses in on itself. moves away from the house, leaving ""Bill"" and Liane in bed fully exposed to the elements]"
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"[on top] Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. Mr. Garrison sits with the class around the table and hears some ominous noise"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"What the hell is that? [walks to the window and looks out] Oh my God! What is that thing? Children, there's some huge bulbous monstrosity heading for the classroom! [some of the kids slink down in their seats] Oh my God, it's awful! It's coming for the door. [the doorknob turns and the kindergartners crouch in terror]"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"Hello, kids!"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,Aunt Rosie!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[in a panic] Run for your lives, children! [grabs a bat] I'll try to fight it off!"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"That's my aunt, Rosie O'Donnell."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh. Oh, um... Pleasure to meet you, Miss Donnell. You're looking... well."
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"Don't worry, kids. Everything's gonna be fine. What's the problem?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,Aunt Rosie. We think I won class president.
Trapper Keeper,Ike Supporter,"No, Ike won."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Look, it's very simple. We took a vote and the vote tied, so now we gotta come up with a way--"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"Well it obviously isn't that simple, is it? I mean, you'd think a little kindergarten teacher could've handled this, but now we're gonna do it my way!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park, outskirts. The Trapper Keeper enters the scene and demolishes the sign"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,[now with Cartman's voice] We are Trapper Keeper.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,[on a bluff with Stan and Kyle looking at the Trapper Keeper leave town] Oh no! It is heading for Cheyenne Mountain!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Why is that bad?
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,It was when the Trapper Keeper assimilated with the supercomputer at Cheyenne Mountain that it was able to fuse into all defensive computers!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Then we have to stop it before it gets there! [leads the others off the bluff and onto a waiting cruiser. ""Bill"" takes the wheel and Kyle takes the passenger window seat]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Step on it, Bill Cosby! [""Bill"" starts the cruiser and drives off]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,The road to Cheyenne Mountain. All is quiet. Two security guards wait at the entrance reading newspapers. The one wearing glasses looks up
Trapper Keeper,Guard 2,"Hey, Mark, look."
Trapper Keeper,Mark,"Wow. That is about the nicest Trapper Keeper I've ever seen. [a police siren is heard, and promptly ""Bill"" arrives with Stan and Kyle. They hop out of the car and face the Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Cartman, you have to stop!"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,We are Trapper Keeper. We are one.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"A part of your friend must still be alive in there. [the three of them study the Trapper Keeper from a distance until Stan finds a ventilation hose coming out of it. Smoke comes out of it, and a fart is heard]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,He is in there.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"That must be what Trapper Keeper is using for ventilation. If one of you could get in there, you could reach the CPU."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"One-two-three, not it!"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Not-- Aw, damnit..! [walks up to the hissing hose and climbs in]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Interior. Kyle makes his way in and scrambles through a field of organs until he reaches the memory core. The valves open up and suck Kyle into the core. Kyle floats through the core, à la 2001: A Space Odyssey'"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[à la HAL 9000] What are you doing, Kyle?"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"I'm going to try and break you away from the computer, Cartman. I need to remove the CPU."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Kyle."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Screw you, fat ass!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Hey, screw you."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Cartman! [hits a wall with a wrench]
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Agh--! [four metallic arms from all directions reach out to trap him, then six more organic ones come in to secure him]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,No!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The kids run around arguing with each other and carry signs"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"[sits on a chair with Filmore on her lap] Okay, so then what we're going to do is count everybody's vote by hand, and after that, we're gonna go over the votes again manually, and then--"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[throws a fit] Oh, stop it, stop it! Stop i-i-it! [the kids and Rosie look at him] Look kids, we're all in this kindergarten class together. We have to respect one another or else we're in for a terrible school year. [the kindergarteners looks at each other]"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,[furiously] We're just making sure that the kids that voted for my nephew don't get cheated!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Half the kids in the class didn't vote for your nephew, so what about them? You don't give a crap about them because they're not on your side! People like you preach tolerance and open-mindedness all the time, but when it comes to Middle America, you think we're all evil and stupid country yokels who need your political enlightenment! [Rosie goes offended upon hearing this] Well, just because you're on TV doesn't mean you know crap about the government! Now get your ass back on first class and respect this class's right to make up their own minds! [the kindergarteners gasp] ...Oh, sorry I got a little off the subject there, kids."
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"[stands up throwing Filmore off] How dare you! I will not be preached at by a country bumpkin! [heads for the door and stands at the entrance] I'm leaving this Podunk town, but in my place I'm gonna send more lawyers, statesmen and press than you have ever seen! [exits and slams the door shut]"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh no, children, I think I've just made this a whole lot worse."
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,End of act three. Time: 18:58
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park, a red sunset. A picture of the four main characters of Dawson's Creek is present. Camera zooms out, revealing Trapper Keeper covering Cheyenne Mountain. A slimy appendage reaches out and grabs a phone both next to two ladies"
Trapper Keeper,Ladies,"Aaghh! [hurry away. The Trapper Keeper absorbs the phone booth, and another of its appendages goes after a police car]"
Trapper Keeper,Cops,"Wagghh! [hurry away. In the distance ""Bill,"" the two security guards, and Stan watch Trapper Keeper get bigger and bigger. Behind them, the rest of South Park gathers and sees the spectacle]"
Trapper Keeper,Mark,Well that does it. I'm gonna have to report this. [whips out a walkie-talkie and starts] Car one to base-- [another appendage reaches down and pulls him up and away] Aghh! [Trapper Keeper swallows him up]
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,It is infusing with everything. It is already too powerful to stop!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Kyle's got to succeed. He's just got to.
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Interior. Kyle struggles to make his way out of the little situation he's in
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I can't reach the CPU.
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cheyenne Mountain, outside. A limo speeds up to the scene and encounters the Trapper Keeper, which is beginning to look like the tower in ""Bill""'s prophecy. Rosie O'Donnell pops out and walks up to it"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie,What are you doin'?! Get out of my way!
Trapper Keeper,Guard 2,"Oh, no! Now there's two of those things!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"No, I think that other thing is Rosie O'Donnell. [an indecisive appendage hovers over Rosie]"
Trapper Keeper,Guard 2,Huh? Which one? I-It's just like I'm seeing double.
Trapper Keeper,Rosie,"[to Trapper Keeper] I said, get out of my way! [another appendage wraps around her and tries to pull her in] Aaaaggghhhh!!! [Trapper Keeper swells and heaves, and the fleshy appendage swallows Rosie up] Ogh. Noo-- [the appendage pulls her up and into Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Eeww.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Look! I think that infusing with Rosie O'Donnell has made Trapper Keeper sick.
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Oohh... Bad pie... Bad pie... [begins to deflate and wither. Its appendages wither and begin to drop off as it darkens]
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"This is your chance, Kyle! Cartman has weakened!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Interior. Cartman releases his hold on Kyle and Kyle drops to the floor. He quickly moves to the wall panel containing the CPU and pulls the CPU out along with some memory chips
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Got 'em!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cheyenne Mountain, outside. Trapper Keeper turns into a big mass of goo, and Kyle and Cartman are spat out. Rosie ends up half-eaten. Everybody begins to approach Kyle and Cartman"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,He did it!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The kids are seated around the round table, and their lawyers stand behind them arguing. Mr. Garrison sits at the head of the table listening"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, the lawyers for Ike's side have agreed with the lawyers on Filmore's side to hold another meeting regarding Form 22F. Do we all have that form? [the door opens, and in walks...]"
Trapper Keeper,Jesse Jackson,Is this the kindergarten classroom?
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Jesse Jackson?
Trapper Keeper,Jesse Jackson,That's right! I believe the African-American in your class were misrepresented!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,[covering his face] We don't have any African-Americans in our class!
Trapper Keeper,Jesse Jackson,Oh. Bye. [turns and walks out. Filmore raises his hand]
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, so apparently what we're gonna do now is hand-count each person's ballot--"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Mistoreh Garrison, I concede. [Mr. Garrison's jaw drops, as do those of Filmore's lawyers]"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"You... yuh, you what?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"I don't wanna play anymore, 'cause this game is stupid."
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Yeah. It doesn't make any sense.
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Ike, you could be class president."
Trapper Keeper,Ike,I pooped my pants!
Trapper Keeper,Sally,[throws up her hands] Can we fingerpaint now?
Trapper Keeper,Kids,[clamoring] Fingerpaint! Fingerpaint!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Ohuh... Yes. [exults] Yes! Let's fingerpaint!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Cheyenne Mountain. Stan and the others reach Cartman and Kyle
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"You did it, Kyle! [to Cartman] Kyle saved your life, fat ass!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Look! I'm fading! [begins to fade from view] It must have worked. I don't exist! [disappears]
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Huh, that's a bitch."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh. Well, I guess everything's fine now. So let's go home."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Hey! Whoa whoa whoa, Cartman! All you've been doing is making fun of Kyle and now he's saved your life! You at least owe him a thank you!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Awww, man..."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cartman!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Alright, alright. [sighs] Kyle..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"Stage rehearsal, day. Stan, Kyle, and Wendy are in costume on stage. Stan is dressed in a white suit and bowtie, and a fake beard and mustache. Kyle is dressed as a country doctor with starched collar, and Wendy is dressed in white pants, purple coat and beret, and bowtie. The stage itself has a door prop and a tripod table with a bowl and jar atop it. Kyle enters through the door."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"Doctor, doctor! Will our daughter be okay?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"I am sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Keller, but I'm afraid your daughter Helen still cannot see, hear, or speak."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,Oh no! NO!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"'Ere 'ere, my good wife, 'ere is nothing we can do."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,My poor little Helen.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"[enters through the prop door in blue dress and wig, and holding a doll - Helen Keller!] Timmiihhh!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"She can't see or hear us, John."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Heh-aaaah, Timmih!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,[very slurred - John Keller] E-yes. Perhaps she should go to an asyluh.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[in the second front row, directing] Stan, what the hell is wrong with you? I can't understand your lines!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,'Cause the 'eard 'urts my 'ace.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Can we take a lunch break now?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No! If we want our play to be better than the kindergartners' play, we have to rehearse as much as possible! Now let's continue the scene!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"[enters the scene] Hello. My name is Anne Sullivan, and I believe I can teach this child to communicate."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,Uh-eally? Uh you think so?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"[slaps some water from a pitcher into Timmy's right hand] Water, Helen! Waaa-terr!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Agh oh-ight, Timmih!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"God-damnit, Timmy! Helen Keller isn't supposed to talk!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,[a camera follows him to the auditorium at butt level; another camera shows him entering the room] Hey you guys! We got a big problem! [rushes onto the stage]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"What is it, Butters?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"The kindergartners! I just came from their dress rehearsal. Hoh, it's good, you guys. It's real good!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,How good?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"They got Pilgrim outfits! And Indian ones, too! They've got singing and dancing and boy you've never seen such a show! Why, it's a Thanksgiving extravaganza!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Oh, no!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,We can't be outdone by the kindergartners!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Oh, now what?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"Oh yeah, we can't!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright, alright! Quiet down! Look, we still got four days until the Thanksgiving festival; that's plenty of time to revamp our play!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Revamp how? The rules are that the fourth grade class has to perform the Helen Keller Story.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Yeah, but nobody told us how we had to do it. We can have Thanksgiving stuff and music numbers, too."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Well, we can add music numbers, but how do we make the Helen Keller story more Thanksgivingy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"I know! How about, instead of a dog, Helen Keller has a pet turkey."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Token,"Yeah, a turkey that could do tricks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Yeah
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"That's the spirit, gang! Alright. Stan and Wendy, you go out and find some musical instruments! Kenny and Clyde, take some kids and buy some Thanksgiving decorations for the set! Kyle and Timmy, you go out and find a turkey!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Okay!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,This is gonna be the best version of the Miracle Worker ever!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Yay!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"a barn, with no snow around it. Cows are grazing on the grass outside. Inside, a rancher shows Timmy and Kyle around the barn."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,What kind of turkey are you lookin' for?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"A smart one, that can do tricks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,"Well, I ain't got a whole lot left, it bein' almost Thanksgiving and all. [opens a turkey pen so the boys can see] Go ahead, just pick one out. [Timmy looks pleased, looks around, and settles on a deformed turkey which walks with its head against the ground]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[apparently having chosen his turkey] Timmaay! [the turkey blinks at him]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,"[notices the turkey] Oh, that one's a little messed up. Not exactly the... pick of the litter."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Haaaaa!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Uh, Timmy, if we back to the other kids with that turkey they're gonna be pissed!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,TIMMAY!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,Yeah. Best you not take that one. I was just about to take it out in the yard and putt a bullet in its head.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"What?! Aw, dude, don't say that!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,T-TIIMMAY TIMMAY!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Alright, we'll take him. How much?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,Fifty bucks.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,But you were just gonna take it out in the backyard and put a bullet in its head!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,I know! Now I gotta find somethin' else to shoot.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"[thinks] ...God-damnit, here! [the rancher takes the money, walks over to get the turkey, and delivers the turkey to Timmy] Alright, Timmy, let's go! [Kyle and Timmy leave]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,"I've got a one-legged pig if you'd like, too."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Aw, blow it out your ass!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre. Here is where the class has been rehearsing for the play. The marquee reads: ""THANKSGIVING EXTRAVAGANZA WEDNESDAY"" Inside, Cartman has most of the kids on stage with a man..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Guys, I want you all to meet Jeffrey Maynard. He's South Park's biggest expert on musical theater, AND, he played the lead in Les Misérables at the Denver Community Playhouse for five weeks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,[flatly] Bravo.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,Do you think we could make up a good Thanksgiving play in four days?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,[lyrically] I would swear it on my life. Your play shall want for nothing.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Hooray!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,"Now, the first thing a good musical needs is a big opening number. Something that sets up the entire show."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright! Places, everybody! Bring in the turkey! [Timmy's turkey sidles in with its head on the ground. Kyle and Timmy follow] What the hell is that?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,It's a turkey. [long pause] His name is Gobbles.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,GOBBLES! [Gobbles gobbles]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,And where... pray... is our beautiful trick performing turkey?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Um, we... sssort of spend all the money on this... one..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,GOBBLES! [Gobbles gobbles]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[looks at Kyle for a long time] Kyle, can I talk to you over here for a second? [they walk off to one side of the stage and stop, out of earshot] Kyle? Why do you do these things to me?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,I didn't do anything to you. Timmy saw the turkey and wanted to get it. What do you want me to say to him?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"You say, ""No, Timmy, you can't have that turkey! Bad Timmy!"""
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"[the rest of the cast approaches] Look, I know it isn't exactly what we wanted, but maybe we can train it."
Helen Keller! The Musical,?????,"He's not gonna work, Kyle. The whole point was to make our play better than the kindergartners."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Token,"Yeah, that turkey sucks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,"[lyrically] Wait! What's that, you say? A thanksgiving turkey is what you require? I know of a turkey."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,You do?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,[lyrically] During my years on Broadway I... worked with a turkey who could do all kinds of tricks. She even jumped through a hoop of fire.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Cool! Can you get it for us?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,I will go promptly and call her trainer. On the morrow you shall have your trick performing turkey.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Alright! [Timmy takes Gobbles and wheels off stage]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Timmy's house, night. Timmy is in his room with a hula hoop in hand, sitting on the floor"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Gobbles! [shows him the hoop and points to it. Gobbles just blinks. Timmy tries again] Gobbles! [Gobbles blinks, then walks up to the hoop and lifts his head through it. Timmy is dismayed] Up, heh. Uh! [coaxes Gobbles through the hoop. Gobbles trips and falls out. Timmy grins] Heeey, Gobbles! [Gobbles gets up and walks away. Timmy pulls out a lighter and sets the hoop aflame] Gobbles. [Gobbles just stares and Timmy urges] Gobbles! [Gobbles poops]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's house, night. Cartman is in his room rewriting a part of the play."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No no! [tosse another sheet over his shoulder, to join other wads on the floor. His mother enters the room]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Liane,"Boopsie-kins, It's late. You need to be in bed."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"I can't sleep, Mom! I have to write the lyrics for the opening song of our Helen Keller Thanksgiving spectacular!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Liane,"Now, hon!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[whining a bit] But [turns around] Mo-o-om, I have to write these lyrics so the plight of Helen Keller can be realized by the common man."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Liane,"Twenty more minutes, and that's it. [exits and closes the door]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[spins around and gets back to work] Twenty minutes! Does Tim Rice's mom give him twenty minutes to write the lyrics to ""Phantom Of The Opera""?! [looks at a small portrait of Helen Keller on his desk, picks it up and studies it] Speak to me Helen. Let me be your voice. [after looking at the portrait some more, he gets frustrated and slams the portrait onto the desk] Come on, you blind bitch! Channel your spirit through me!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Timmy's house. Timmy is in bed asleep. Soon, Gobbles hops up on the bed and drops his head on the covers. He slowly inches up to Timmy's face, looking at Timmy all the while, and settles in next to him. Gobbles soon falls asleep. Timmy's left hand comes to rest on Gobbles' body. An exterior shot with the moon low in the sky is shown and fades out."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, the stage, next day. rehearsal. Clyde is speaking under a spotlight"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,Tonight we present the story of a courageous girl and her fight against depression
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,[in the audience] OP-pression!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Oppression. Our play begins in a simpler time. [music comes up] Alabama, in the late 1800s [spotlight goes off, Clyde walks off stage, curtains open. A lone house stands against a desert background and clouds float high against the sky-blue backdrop. Dancing singers begin]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Actors,"1800's, Alabama! What a great place and time!We're so happy that we live in 1800's Alabama 'cause it's sunny and there is no crime!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,[in the audience] Now to the refrain!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Actors,"And in this little town in 1800's Alabama there's a family by the name of Keller! [They dance off to one side of the house. A water pump appears] Their daughter's deaf and mute and blind as a bat, and her parents can't even tell her!!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"[a man with a small animal cage enters] Excuse me, I am Lamond, the animal trainer."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,Oh. [quickly calls the others] Cool! He's here! [the other kids gather]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Awesome! Do you have a turkey that can do tricks?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Ap ap! Do not call them tricks! She's a very sensitive turkey! She performs feats, not tricks. Ladies and gentlemen, may I present the most beautiful bird in America! [sets the cage down] Four-time prize winner of the National Western Stock Show and reigning poster child of turkeylovers.com! I give you Alinicia! [one serious turkey walks out of the cage, and the kids are impressed]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Yeh.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Others,Wow.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Whoa.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,Her feathers are beautiful.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,That's the prettiest turkey I ever saw.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,Of course she is! [she looks back at the kids and thrusts her beak in the air]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Okay! Now we can really get this thing underway! Places, everybody! [the kids move back...] Where the hell is Timmy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[off screen] TIM-MIH! [all turn and face him. He's in costume with Gobbles before him. Gobbles raises his head and gobbles]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,What... is... that?!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Uh, that's Gobbles, the physically challenged turkey. [Timmy takes his lighter and sets his hoop on fire, then lowers it for his bird]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles! [Gobbles makes no move] Gobbles?!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Timmy, we already got a turkey."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Yeah, and it's from Broadway."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[indicates his turkey] Gobbles.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No, Timmy! That handicapped turkey does not go in our play!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Dude, don't forget: Timmy is the only kid who can play Helen Keller. Don't piss him off."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No, that's right. Only Timmy knows the part."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[stubborn] Tim-mih.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus! Okay, fine! Helen Keller can have TWO pet turkeys! [Alinicia protests vigorously, shedding feathers everywhere]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,My turkey does not work with other turkeys!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Oh, God-damnit, now what are we gonna do?!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, later. Hallway outside a dressing room. The door opens and Lamond stands there trying to calm Alinicia down"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Alright, ah ah alright! Alri- ah a-alright. Alright. [exits and closes the door]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[walks up] Dude, we need your turkey for our play!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,She's not coming out. She's very upset! She's pooped all over the room!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"I know, I know, but listen: Uh, let me try to explain the position I'm in here. The retarded turkey belongs to our friend, Timmy. And Timmy's the only person who knows the part of Helen Keller. So, so tell me what I can do here to make everybody happy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,[ominously] Kill the other turkey!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,I can't dude. Timmy has a boner for it.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Well, it could meet with ""an unfortunate accident."""
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Unfortunate accident? You mean, like Geena Davis getting her own TV show? [laughs, but realizes he's alone in this] Oh."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"It's very simple! Either that turkey meets with an unfortunate accident, or you don't have a feat-performing turkey for your Helen Keller Thanksgiving musical!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright, alright! Just get your turkey to stop crapping all over the dressing room and come out for rehearsal! I'll take care of everything. [walks off]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, the stage, later. Bebe and Timmy are front and center while the others stand in a row in the background"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"[enunciating] Water, Helen. It has a name. Oh, why can't you understand?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Dehh haaa. [unimpressed looks from Cartman, Jeffrey, and Lamond]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"Water, Helen, Water."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,She's never gonna do it. There's no way she'll ever do it.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"Helen, Helen. Water, Helen."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,How can she talk if she can't hear? This is absolutely pointless!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Okay, uh, hold it. Uh, let's hold it right there a second. [whisks himself onstage] Okay, I just want to adjust the blocking real quick. Hm-let's see. Uh, why don't we have Turkey #2 [starts moving Gobbles along] stand just a little bit more over... [puts it behind the Comedy Central logo] here. [mulls over the position] Let's see, maybe a little more up in here. [moves it a bit towards stage center] And just a wee bit over here. [Gobbles is back behind the logo, a bit] And right about... [moves Gobbles a bit back] hm'ere. [steps back] There we go. Good. [goes off stage. A cable whips out of place somewhere. A lighting fixture falls on Kenny and kills him]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,Whoa-aaaa [dances away]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Aw, crap! I must've rigged the wrong light!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"[onstage, walks up to Kenny's corpse, then gets lyrical] Let him rest in peace. Let him rest. Why must he die?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,[a camera follows him to the auditorium at butt level; another camera shows him entering the room] They've got special effects! [Jeffrey continues singing in the background]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,What Butters? [Butters meets the others onstage]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"The kindergartners! They've got amazing stage effects. Pyrotechnics and what have yous. Why, it's a regular feast for the eyes!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"Oh, no!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,We're never gonna outdo them now! [the kids begin to chatter amongst themselves]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Token,But what are we gonna do?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[Jeffrey continues his dirge] Calm down! Calm down! We can have special effects, too. Now, I know a lot is going wrong, but we've got to stick together to make this play work! [looks at Lamond] All of us! [Lamond crosses his arms]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"—and into your hands [the kids now pay attention to him] uh he... buh... [hums, then stops singing, stares, then gets up and walks offstage]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, the stage, later. Timmy is in another hallway trying to get Gobbles to hop through the hoop"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Gobbles! [Gobbles lifts his head and drops it away from Timmy] Hu-ugh, Gobbles! [they hear the door open. Timmy puts the hoop away and gathers Gobbles on his lap]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,[peeks in] Little boy.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[spins around] Timmy.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Yes, Tim. I feel I must speak with you. [walks up to Timmy] The others, well, they don't want you to know, but, oh, I don't know what to do. Should I tell you?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,T-Timmih? [a bit afraid]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,I feel I'm the only one who can be honest with you. [genuflects next to Timmy] The animal shelter is on its way to...take your turkey away from you.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles? [scared]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"You see, they don't allow children in your... situation... to have wild animals as pets. You can't take him running, you can't take care of him. They... have to take it away."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"They take wild pets away from people like you... and hand them over for experiments. And they're shocked, dissected, and flayed while they're still alive. And no matter where you go, the shelter people will find you. The only way for that turkey to avoid years of torture is for you to... let him go. Back into the wild. [listens for something] Oh no! Here they come now! [two men round the corner] Quick, go! And set your turkey free! I'll try to stall them."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[turns and wheels away from the oncoming men] T-tim-mih.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Installer,"Eh, excuse me, we're here to install the water effects for the musical?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Uh, the stage is right through there."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Installer,Thanks. [he and his partner walk towards the stage. Lamond looks after them as they leave]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's house, night. Cartman is at his desk in his room rewriting a song."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright, got to write the new lyrics. Lemme see. [writes] no [writes] No. [writes] NO! [writes] God-damnit [takes the sheet and squeezes it into a wad]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"[enters the room] How is it going, Eric?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Terrible! [turns and faces Jeffrey] I can't write the lyrics for the third act! Nothing's coming to me.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"Well, you know in theater sometimes, we try different tricks to get the creative juices flowing."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Like what?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,Let's see. [closes the door behind him] Helen Keller was blind and deaf. [walks to Cartman's side desk] Perhaps you should see what it is like. Deprive yourself of your senses and see what plays inside your mind. Here. [turns Cartman around and puts a blindfold on him.]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Hey, that's not a bad idea."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,[puts some headphones on him] Just relax. Just try to let your mind wander and let the juices flow... [a long pause. then a series of images present themselves]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"First, the portrait of Helen Keller. Then nothing. Then Helen Keller again, then a banana split, then Helen again, then a human skull. Cartman is disturbed. Then Helen, the skull, another skull, Helen, a mummy whose hair moves a bit, bombs dropping from planes, a sinister clown, the banana split, a body being prepped for operation, the banana split, a wall with ""GO DEAD BE DEAD"" written in blood on it, a Russian show of military might, Helen, animals tearing at something, a riot, a close-up of a snake, an atomic bomb test, a lasik experiment. Cartman. The first skull, ""GO DEAD BE DEAD"", the skull, the experiment, the skull, the experiment, a woman wailing in the flames, open-heart surgery, a rat eating a dead rat, the banana split, a mouth being pulled open, Helen, a Nazi troop march, a fireman in an inferno, the Hindenburg bursting in flame, an alien opening its mouth and the camera zooms in... Cartman takes the blindfold and headphones off"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Oh, man!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"Well, did you see anything?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No, just the same old crap I always see when I close my eyes."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"...Oh, that's too bad."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Wait. I've got it! The perfect setup for when Helen Keller's pet turkey jumps through the hoop of fire! [starts writing furiously] Yes! Yes! I have it now!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, residential street, day. Timmy rolls along dejected and turns to another street. He remembers what Lamond said as he rolls"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,[his head appears beside Timmy] The only way for that turkey to avoid years of torture is for you to... let him go... [fades as it echoes] let him go... let him go...[the head disappears]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"[stops and lets Gobbles go] Gobbles! [points away so Gobbles could leave. Gobbles moves his head in that direction, but nothing else] Gobbles!! [turns around and rolls away. Gobbles follows him and gobbles. Timmy turns around again and face Gobbles] Gobbles. Gobbles! [points away again, turns and rolls away. Gobbles follows some more] Timmih. [a tear appears in his eye] Timmih, Gobbles. [turns away and rolls off, leaving Gobbles alone. The camera pulls back and moves to the first house on the right side. A man and son sit on their doorway]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Boy,"Daddy, why did Mommy leave and go to heaven?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Father,"She didn't want to, Kevin. She... had no choice."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Boy,But I miss her. [father and son start to cry. The camera moves to a bench on which two men sit]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Elderly man,"[his middle-aged son comforts him] I could have so much more with my life, son. I've wasted it. I've wasted it, not ever telling you and Mark that I love you. [both men start to cry. The camera moves to Heidi Turner crying over a dead dog.]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Heidi,"Robby! Robby, no! [cries uncontrollably. The camera moves to a couple in discord. the woman is sad]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Woman,"...Because now, every time I look at you [he tries to console her], I see her! [she swats his arm away] I have to move on."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Man,"Kelly, please. Don't do this. I'm sorry."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kelly,Then why did you do it?? [breaks down and sobs]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Man,"I don't know! [beings to cry, too, and rests his head on her shoulder. The camera moves to a lady with something to say]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lady,Have you done the right things in your life? [the camera looks up into the sky as it fades into night]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, Wednesday, play day. The parents arrive and take seats. Mrs. Marsh finds Mrs. Broflovski siting in the audience already, and walks up to her"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Sharon,"Hi, Sheila."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Sheila,"Hello, Sharon. Where's your husband?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Sharon,"Oh, he's in the back. He set up a video camera so he can tape the performance."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Sheila,"Oh, so did Gerald. [indeed, all the husbands are in the back of the theatre with video cameras at the ready]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Gerald,"Oh yeah, I got a great angle here."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Randy,"Ey, Gerald, maybe after the show we can make copies of each other's tape so we have both."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Gerald,Good idea.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage. The kids mill around backstage"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,So wait. Do we do that spin-around thing on the last beat?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"No, it's on the 'en or the 'ay. [Timmy rolls slowly in ]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"You ready for the big show, Timmy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"Where's Gobbles, Timmy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[cheerfully] Alright everybody, let's take our places!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Cartman, where's Timmy's turkey?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"I don't know. [Stan and Kyle cross their arms] I don't know, you guys! Alright, maybe I tried to have Timmy's turkey crushed by a stage light, but I didn't do anything else. I'm not an asshole."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"You're going to be brilliant, you sexy, gorgeous turkey. With that other meddling animal out of the way, you'll steal the show! [Alinicia gobbles]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, business district, day. Gobbles walks along the curb as cars zip by, then decides to cross the street. A car zips be and Gobbles steps back. The camera angle shows Gobbles' view of the car that almost ran over him"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Driver,"[walks up to collect Gobbles] Well, well, what are doing out here? [picks him up] You shouldn't be out walking the streets. [opens his truck, tosses Gobbles in, and rushes to the cab of the truck. The side of the truck reads, ""Uncle Joe's Fresh Turkey. Succulent and Juicy Turkeys,"" with a plump turkey in the background. The driver takes off quickly]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"Uncle Joe's Fresh Turkey truck, trailer section. Gobbles finds himself along near the doors and looks up to see a group of turkeys looking back at him. Then the turkeys look up, and Gobbles does also. What they see is a sign that reads, ""Thanksgiving Turkey. Killed Humanely."" Gobbles looks at the turkeys, who look back, and then drops his head"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage. Mr. Garrison is present to introduce the show."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Mr. Garrison,"Hello, parents, and welcome to the 13th annual South Park Thanksgiving Pageant."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Mr. Mackey,"[bored, rests his head on his hand] Every year the fourth graders do ""The Miracle Worker,"" and every year I have to sit and watch it."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Principal Victoria,"Yeah, I swore that if I had to see it one more time, I'd put a bullet in my head. [demonstrates with her finger] But luckily I got really stoned before I came."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Mr. Garrison,"And now, here it is. The touching story of Helen Keller, ""The Miracle Worker."" [walks off. The parents are seen clapping, and then the curtains open up to reveal kids dancing and doing acrobatic feats]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,"Helen Keller, Helen Keller, blind as a bat.She can't hear us speak. What's up with that?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Sheila,"This is ""The Miracle Worker""?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Sharon,I... well... maybe. [more dancing follows]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Principal Victoria,"Oh, oh, haha. Wow."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"Uncle Joe's Fresh Turkey factory. The truck backs up to building 2B and dumps its cargo into a chute. The turkeys tumble down into a holding room and recover. Gobbles ends up there and looks up at a sign: ""Our Turkeys are killed... HUMANELY!!!"""
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wrangler,[a vertical door rises and he directs the turkeys] Come on. Yaah! Move it!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"the turkeys leave the room and enter another one. A movie screen faces them. Another worker appears and closes the door behind the turkeys. The turkeys remain excited until a movie comes up with sweeping views of nature. The turkeys calm down, and a view of clouds zipping along the sky follows. Then waterfalls. The lights come up and a giant saw comes out and chops the heads off all the turkeys save one. The saw rises. Only Gobbles survives, and he keeps his head low as he finds a clearing. A large board appears and pushes the decapitated turkeys out an opening on the opposite wall. The bodies are then lifted up and returned to the truck they came in, but the building they come out of is 3C. Gobbles falls off the truck and ends up on the floor. Jimbo and other South Park hunters pass by and notice"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jimbo,"Holy crow. Look, boys! A real live wild turkey! [Gobbles sees the hunters and tries to run away.] It's tryin' to outsmart us! Come on, fellas! [they pursue Gobbles]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage. The audience watches as Wendy"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"John, come quick! Our little baby's very sick [Stan rushes in] When I pout she doesn't flinch, and when she doesn't move an inch."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"No, that cannot be. Honey you are scaring me."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"She can't see hear, John. Watch. Helen!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,Helen!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,...Helen! [the audience stares in disbelief] I think our baby's deaf and blind. Oh no!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,Oh no! [they lean on each other]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"Oh no! Oh no!!! [both collapse to the floor, and the curtains close. Alinicia trots in and gets the spotlight. She then performs her feats. She hops up on a small stand, walks a tightrope, and hops off the stand at the other end. She hops through a hoop and lands on a third stand, then pulls the cover off a sign introducing the next scene: ""Scene 2, Eight Years Later"" and takes a bow. A few people clap]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, backstage. Timmy and Lamond watch Alinicia perform."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,She's brilliant! Everyone loves her so far. [the two workers approach him]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[rushes up] Hey, the fountains you guys installed are shorting out some of our lights."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Installer,"Look, we're only here to do the water effects. We're not in charge of electrical. That's a different union."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[looks at Cartman] Timmih?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Union Mafia bastards! [Timmy looks at Lamond in fear]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Oh, heh. Look, Tim, all is well in love and theatre, right? Haha."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[throws off his wig and turns to wheel away] Gobbles!! [zips out]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage. Cartman rushes up to the other kids"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartma,Were is Timmy?! He's on in one minute!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"He's gone, dude! Butters says he saw him leave."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Leave?? Leave?? But nobody else knows the part of Helen Keller!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"[approaches the boys] I do. I know the part. If I must, I can go on."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"...Alright, fine! Get in costume!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, business district, day. Timmy wheels down the street past Tele's calling out..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles! Gobbles!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The barn. Gobbles returns to his prior home, and the hunters follow him there"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jimbo,"[prepares his rifle] There it is! [three other men prepare their rifles] Hey, hey! I saw it first! I get the first shot! [aims his rifle and spots the turkey] Here, turkey turkey. [focuses on the turkey]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage. Stan, Kyle, Wendy, and Jeffrey are in costume"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,There is nothing we can do for our poor daughter. We cannot reach her.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,[lyrically] I cannot hear what they are saying. I cannot tell them how I feel [in disbelief]I think our baby's deaf and blind. Oh no!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,What the hell is he doing? Helen Keller isn't supposed to sing!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,If only I could say things that go on in my mind. [in disbelief] I think our baby's deaf and blind. Oh no!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Principal Victoria,"[touched] Oh, wow."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,The barn. Jimbo still has Gobbles in his sights
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jimbo,That's it. Thaaat's it! [about to pull the trigger]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles! [sees Jimbo and is alarmed]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jimbo,Gotcha!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"[Slow motion, jumps out of his chair and dives towards] Gobbles! [flies through the air. Jimbo fires his rifle, and Timmy falls on the floor limp. Jimbo sees what he's done, and all the hunters lower their rifles. Gobble's head pops up behind Timmy. The other hunters whistle and move away slowly, leaving Jimbo and Ned alone. Gobbles walks up to Timmy and nudges him] T-timmih? [Gobbles pokes him] Gobbles? [slowly comes to, then quickly sits up] Gobbles! Haaaah. [brushes himself off and gathers Gobbles up in his arms]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jimbo,"[rushes up to Timmy and is relived that he's okay] Aw, thank God you're alright, kid. [goes down on one knee] It was an accident, I swear. Uh, is there any way we can make it up to you?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[determined] Timmih.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage. Bebe, and Jeffrey are in costume. Bebe pumps water onto Jeffrey's hand"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"Yes, that's it. [Jeffrey keeps his hand under the water] That's it, Helen. Water! WA-TER!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,Wawa.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,She did it!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,"[in the background, come forward] She did it! She did it! Water! Water water aaaaaaaa! Water, Helen, Water. We can't believe she did it. The dumb kid really did it. Water, Helen, Water."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,Now that I can communicate the world is not so cold and dark. [Cartman slaps his head and the waterworks begin]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,"[slowing] Water, Helen, Aaa-aaaaaa![the waterworks go up real high and two fountainheads crash into each other]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"[prepping Alinicia] Here it comes, angel! Your big finale! The audience is going to go wild! [a shadow enters the scene and Lamond looks up. He sees Gobbles and an angry Timmy with arms crossed glaring at him] Oh. Back already? Don't worry. Maynard covered your part flawlessly."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Timmih! [the hunters gather and take aim at Alinicia]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jimbo,"Turkey shoot! [the hunters fire away and decimate Alinicia. Her blood spurts all over Lamond, who shields his eyes.]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"[He falls on one knee at the horror] Alinicia! Jesus, no!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Aaaa, Timmih!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[walks up with Kyle] Okay, we're ready for the- [stops in his tracks and stares at the dead Alinicia.] What the hell did you assholes do?! This is supposed to be the big finale where the turkey jumps through the ring of fire!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"[steps forward and points] Hey, look! [onstage, Gobbles approaches the ring of fire and steps through it. The kids grin immediately]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Principal Victoria,"[in awe] Oh. Oh, wow! WOWuh! [starts to clap. The audience soon follows]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,[exults] They loved it! They LOVED it!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, stage, night. Mr. Garrison is onstage to introduce the last skit of the night"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Mr. Garrison,"And finally tonight, parents, we have the South Park Kindergarten class. Their play is titled, ""Thanksgiving, Mon Ami."""
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"Okay, here we go. [the kids are still backstage, but in their street clothes]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Dude, it just can't be better than ours. It just can't be."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kindergartners,"[four little pilgrims enter singing badly to a long table in front of a cabin and a tipi] It's getting dinner. Let's all eat. E I E I O. And on that dinner we'll invite some Indians E I E I O. [four little Indians appear and take their seats at the table] With an Indian here and an Indian there Everywhere an Indian, Indian. Uh thank, thank- [something pops by the middle of the table...]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Pilgrim Girl,[runs off] Aaaaaaa!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kindergartners,Happy Thanksgiving. [another kindergartner wheels a horse prop onstage. The curtains then close]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, see you next year, parents. [a hush falls over the audience and the actors backstage]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,That's it?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,We worked our asses off to compete with that?!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Butters told us their play was awesome! [the kids move away from Butters a bit]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"...Wow, did you see that? They had a horse, too!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Gobbles, deh!"
Pip,Scene Description,"The camera pans across a nicely appointed study, rests a bit, and ""South Park Classics"" appears on screen as a classical piece plays"
Pip,Narrator,"[seated in an armchair reading a book] Aaah. [looks at the camera] Dickens. The imagery of cobblestone streets, cragging London buildings, and nutmeg-filled Yorkshire puddings. [closes the book] Hello, I'm a British person. For years now, the character Pip has been featured prominently in the American show, South Park. However, many Americans don't realize where Pip came from. He's the prowling little adorable Englishman from Charles Dickens' timeless classic, ""Great Expectations"" [displays the title] And so tonight, the makers of South Park have agreed to take a break from their regular show, and instead present the prestigious Dickens tale in its entirety from beginning to end. Indeed, after watching this show, you'll know the timeless classic as if you'd... read the Cliff Notes themselves. Our story is set in England, in the small town of Drop-A-Chair-Upon-Top-Snot, [the town is now shown, with Pip walking up the street from a distance] where a young blond-haired boy named Pip was on his way to see his parents."
Pip,Scene Description,"Drop-A-Chair-Upon-Top-Snot, day. Pip leaves the town, crosses an open field, enters an enclosed lot and stops right in front of the camera"
Pip,Pip,"[holding a bunch of flowers] 'Ello Mom. 'Ello Dad. It certainly is nice to see you again. [before him are two tombstones. They are of his parents, Phillip and Georgina Pirrip. Pip is in the town graveyard.] Don't worry. Sister is still taking very good care of me. She just loves to smack me in the face and tell me I'm worthless. O, we have such fun together. [a wind comes up and begins to howl. Pip takes notice] But it's getting dark, Mom and Dad. I'll see you again soon. [walks off, but there's a fear in him as he walks through the graveyard. He has his hands in his coat pockets. He is snatched up from behind] Wa-a-ah!"
Pip,Escaped Convict,"Wha' are you doin' 'ere, you little whippersham!"
Pip,Pip,"[fearless] Oh, hello. Why, you look like an escaped convict. Did we breaky-wakys out of prison? [the surprised man lets him down] Oh dear! But you're shackled. Here, let me help you. [whips out some bolt cutters]"
Pip,Escaped Convict,Wha' are you doin' wit' those?
Pip,Pip,"I'm an apprentice blacksmith. [snips the arm and leg shackles in two] There you are. [puts the bolt cutters away and whips out some food] And here's a sandwich. You must be starving! [the man takes the sandwich, then walks away]"
Pip,Escaped Convict,[stops and turns] Here. W-why are you easy to help me?
Pip,Pip,"Well, it's not for me to judge you, sir. We are all the same. [the man turns and walks away] Don't quite all smell the same, I'm afraid. [walks out of the graveyard towards his residence, a rambling one-story shack. The sound of smithing is heard in the background]"
Pip,Mrs. Joe,"[sees him enter and grabs him by the scarf] Pip, where 'ave you been?!"
Pip,Pip,"Waaah! [is whipped towards the opposite wall, which he hits hard, but he recovers instantly] Lovely day, isn't it?"
Pip,Mrs. Joe,"What the hell's lovely about it?! [to someone else - a burly man working on some metal] Joe, teach this boy some bloody cynicism!"
Pip,Joe,"I don't know about that. I just thought I'd keep to me blacksmithing. [looks at his project] Ey, look! I've made me a metal fire poker. [holds it up]"
Pip,Mrs. Joe,A lot of bloody good a fire poker's gonna do while I'm starvin' to death! Why don't you make us some bloody food to eat!
Pip,Joe,"[finishes another item and sets down his hammer] Alright. Look 'ere, I made me a metal orange. [shows it off]"
Pip,Mrs. Joe,"STOP your metal orange, you bastard! You never want a tablespoon of nigh'ingale droppin's, you me'al-poundin' fairy! [Pip is shown] And you! Why don't you ge' a job?! You're eight years old now!"
Pip,Joe,"[finishing yet another project] Oh, lookie heeah! [holds up a newspaper] I've gone and made a metal newspaper!"
Pip,Mrs. Joe,"Shut up, you silly lip! What are we supposed to do with a metal newspaper?"
Pip,Joe,"Well, for starters we can look in the want ads and see if we can find Pip a job. Ohhh, lookie here! Young man wanted for paid position!"
Pip,Mrs. Joe,Where? [Joe shows her the paper]
Pip,Pip,Where?
Pip,Mrs. Joe,"""Havisham residence seeks young boy to play with lonely daughter. Will pay up to..."" TWENTY QUID A DAY??"
Pip,Pip,That's a lot of [hops] money-loney.
Pip,Joe,"You can keep a little girl company for 20 quid a day, Pip. And Old Mrs. Havisham is the wealthiest woman in the town. [Mrs. Joe walks away]"
Pip,Scene Description,"The Havisham Residence is shown from the gates, next day."
Pip,Scene Description,The South Park Classics study. The British is seated in an armchair reading a book
Pip,Narrator,"Well, the very next day, Pip went to Old Ms. Havisham's house to inquire about the job. [Pip rings the door bell pulley at Havisham Estate, then a shot of the narrator] and it was there that he met the girl of his dreams."
Pip,Scene Description,A girl approached the gate at the Havisham Residence. She's got flowing blonde hair and a bowler for a hat
Pip,Girl,Who are you?! [there's venom in her voice]
Pip,Pip,...I've come to answer the want ad.
Pip,Girl,"Is that so, you smelly little bastard?!"
Pip,Pip,[jarred] What??
Pip,Girl,"[opens the gate and lets him in] This way, you pathetic squirt of vaginal discharge! [leads him to the entrance and through the front doors, then to their left] This way, you beef-witted shriveled-up monkey's penis. [leads him up the grand stairway] Up here, you gamy mass of baby vomit! [the place suffers from neglect, as spiderwebs hang from the chandeliers and walls around the mansion. The windows are covered over with paper. The girl leads Pip down the hall upstairs] In here."
Pip,Pip,"Eho. After you, miss."
Pip,Girl,"I'm not going in there, you stupid puddle of a homeless man urine!"
Pip,Scene Description,"The Havisham Estate, upstairs. Pip enters a grand dining room in which everything is covered, and has been for a long time. He scans the room until a voice gets his attention."
Pip,Ms. Havisham,[an elderly lady still in wedding veil] Who is that?
Pip,Pip,"I've come to answer the want ad, ma'am."
Pip,Ms. Havisham,[beckons] Come closer. Look at me. [Pip closes the door and approaches] Does it frighten you to look upon a woman who has not seen the sun in over 20 years?
Pip,Pip,"Oh, no, no! You you sort of look upon one when you have not seen the sun for over 20 years quite a lot these... days."
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"I sometimes have sick fancies. [puts her hands together] And I have a fancy I should like to see someone play. So, play. Play."
Pip,Pip,"[not sure what she wants] Um. [begins to dance. The girl enters, glances at him, then continues to Ms. Havisham]"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Estella, play with this boy."
Pip,Estella,[the blonde girl] With HIM? [Pip dances faster] But he's just a commoner!
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"[leans over and whispers] But, you can break his heart."
Pip,Estella,"...Alright, boy, let us play."
Pip,Pip,Righty-o. What are we going to play?
Pip,Estella,"[walks over to a wood pile, gets a log, and brings it with her] We're going to play a little game called, ""Smack the Blond Boy In the Head With a Large Log."""
Pip,Pip,"[hops excitedly] Oh, yes! My sister and I play that game at home all the time! [gladly bows to Estella] Who will go first? [Estella is taken aback by this gesture, as is Ms. Havisham]"
Pip,Estella,"[frustrated] Oh, you stupid pathetic boy! [drops the log and rushes out of the room unnerved. Pip looks up quizzically]"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,What do you think of her?
Pip,Pip,"Well, uh... I think she's very pretty."
Pip,Ms. Havisham,Hm-m-m. What else?
Pip,Pip,I think she's rather insulting.
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Hm, you quite fancy her, don't you? Come back again next week. We shall ""play"" some more. [Pip turns and exits the room.]"
Pip,Scene Description,"The blacksmith's house, night. Pip returns to his sister's place and gets ready to bed for the night. He falls asleep"
Pip,Narrator,"[Off-screen] That night, Pip spent all his sleeping hours unable to get Estella's beautiful face out of his mind."
Pip,Dream Estella,"Stop dreaming about me, you slow-witted rectal belch!"
Pip,Narrator,"Day after day Pip visited Estella. Sometimes they would play, sometimes they would talk. But every single day Pip's love for Estella grew."
Pip,Scene Description,"The Havisham Estate, garden, day. Estella is whacking Pip over the head with her log. Twice she does it, then tries a third time, but can't"
Pip,Pip,[stands up straight] Don't you wanna play anymore?
Pip,Estella,"[tosses her log away] Boy, do you still think I'm pretty? [draws near]"
Pip,Pip,"Oho. Well, yes, miss."
Pip,Estella,"And, do you still think I'm insulting?"
Pip,Pip,"Oh, um, not so much as before. [slapped by Estella] Ow!"
Pip,Estella,"I hate you! You're an oozing, painful hemorrhoid that belches pus!"
Pip,Pip,"[exasperated. puts hands in coat pockets] Oh, dear."
Pip,Estella,"You may kiss me if you like. [offers her cheek. He looks, then kisses her on the cheek. She softens] Come. Let us walk in the daisy garden. [she leads him past a fountain in which a boy is splashing about merrily]"
Pip,A Boy,"Oh, what fun it is to splash about in the fountain! [points at Pip] You there, the prowling little boy! I bet you can't jump on my back! [shows Pip his back] Go on, then. Try and jump on my back!"
Pip,Pip,Who is that?
Pip,Estella,"Just another playmate hired to amuse me. You didn't think you were the only one, did you?"
Pip,Pip,Oh I... rather thought I was.
Pip,Estella,"Oh, you silly small-testicled boy. Come, let us walk through the rose garden. [takes his hand and leads him onward]"
Pip,Scene Description,"The Havisham Estate, exterior. The camera looks at the second floor, focusing on Ms. Havisham"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Yes, good. She will break his pathetic heart into a million pieces."
Pip,Scene Description,The South Park Classics study. The British Person resumes narrating
Pip,Narrator,"Well, what a spot poor Pip was in. He was hired to be the friend of the very harsh and beautiful Estella. And although she treated him like dirt, or perhaps because she treated him like dirt, Pip found himself more in love with the little girl each and every day. [excitedly] Oh, bless him! Isn't he lovely?? [the cheer vanishes] But, isn't it sad? Because Pip knew that someone as sophisticated and as wealthy as Estella could never love him, for he was just a simple blacksmith's apprentice."
Pip,Scene Description,"The blacksmith's house, night. Joe is working on another creation. Pip watches"
Pip,Joe,"[hammering away] And so you bang on this side, and bang on that side, and there you have it. [holds up some steel dice and hands them to Pip.] Your very own metal fuzzy dice."
Pip,Pip,"[takes the dice] Yes. I see. [walks to a chair and sits in it] Hoh, lovely."
Pip,Joe,"Eeyyyy, what's all this, Pip?"
Pip,Pip,"Joe, do you know anything about girls?"
Pip,Joe,[resumes hammering] Sure! They're those things with vaginas in them.
Pip,Pip,"[blank look then] But, do you know anything about them? About how they work."
Pip,Joe,"[pauses and looks back at Pip] Oh, I don't know about that. I just like to keep to me blacksmithin'. [begins to hammer more vigorously]"
Pip,Pip,Do you think that a girl who is rich and educated would ever want to be with a blacksmith?
Pip,Joe,"Oh. D'ooooh. No, I don't think so, Pip. [a knock is heard at the door] Who could that be? [goes to answer the door. A lawyer, with cane and tall hat, addresses him]"
Pip,Lawyer,"Joe, the blacksmith?"
Pip,Joe,The same.
Pip,Lawyer,I'm a lawyer from London in search of a young lad named Pip.
Pip,Pip,"I'm Pip, sir."
Pip,Lawyer,"Mr. Blacksmith, I've been sent here to offer you a reasonable sum of money in exchange for your apprentice. [walks over to Pip]"
Pip,Joe,"Oh, well, uh Pip's not for sale, sir."
Pip,Lawyer,I have a client who wishes to give this bright child a future. Anything he desires. [Joe approaches] Do you still object?
Pip,Joe,"Heaven forbid I should stand in the way of Pip's future, but-"
Pip,Lawyer,He will one day inherit a handsome property. But the owner of that property wants him first to travel to London and learn to be a gentleman.
Pip,Joe,That's great news! [Pip grins]
Pip,Lawyer,"There's only one condition, Pip. Your benefactor wishes to remain anonymous."
Pip,Pip,Oho. But it must be Ms. Havisham!
Pip,Lawyer,"OH OH! If you have any suspicion of who that person might be, you are to keep it in your own breast. Understood?"
Pip,Pip,Yes sir.
Pip,Lawyer,"Then you will go to London in a week's time. [deposits some money on the table] Here's 20 sterling. Well, blacksmith, you look stunned."
Pip,Joe,"I am, sir."
Pip,Lawyer,"Then I should take my leave. [heads for the door] Good evening, gentlemen, and we shall see you in London next week, Pip. [exits]"
Pip,Pip,"Good-bye, sir."
Pip,Joe,[picks Pip up] Pip! [close-up on a grinning Pip] A young gentleman! Of great expectations!
Pip,Scene Description,"London, a foggy night. Big Ben peals in the background. The camera pans down from the skyline to a horse-drawn carriage, which comes to a stop. Pip and the lawyer get out"
Pip,Lawyer,"You shall stay here with your roommate, Mr. Pocket. He is a distinguished young lad who will help you on your way to being a gentleman. I trust you see no problem with this?"
Pip,Pip,"None, sir."
Pip,Lawyer,"I should think not. [taps his cane on the ground twice] On up, then, and prepare for school on the morrow."
Pip,Pip,"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. [goes to the residence and opens the front door, then enters]"
Pip,Scene Description,The Dormitory. Pip walks down the hall and finds a door with his name under that of Mr. Pocket. He is about to knock when a boy opens the door
Pip,A Boy,Mr. Pip? [it's the same one seen in the fountain earlier]
Pip,Pip,Mr. Pocket?
Pip,Pocket,"Pray, come in! [drags him in.]"
Pip,Pip,Thank you kindly. You do look rather familiar
Pip,Pocket,"As do you. Perhaps we've seen each other before. As to our lodging, it's not by any means splendid. This is our sitting room - just chairs and tables and carpet and so forth. [leads Pip to the bedrooms] This is my little room - rather musty, and this is your bedroom. [displays the next room over]"
Pip,Pip,"My, how lovely."
Pip,Pocket,"Oh, what a gay time we shall have, and I do mean gay as in festive, not as in penetration of the bum. Oh, but dear me! I beg your pardon! You're holding your bags all this time! Pray, let me take them! [takes the bags to Pip's room] I'm quite ashamed!"
Pip,Pip,"Oh it's... quite alright. [remembers] Lord bless me! Why, you're the pale young man I saw at Ms. Havisham's house!"
Pip,Pocket,"Why, yes of course! You're the prowling little boy! Boy, what a smashing coincidence!"
Pip,Pip,"Perhaps, but perhaps not. Ms. Havisham is very generous indeed."
Pip,Pocket,"That old biddy? Oh, I assure you, I have nothing to do with her anymore. She's absolutely mad!"
Pip,Pip,"Well, what do you mean?"
Pip,Pocket,"Well, don't you know about Ms. Havisham's melancholy past? Dear me, it's quite a story, and should be discussed over dinner. Come! [Pip removes his hat and they walk over to the table at one corner of the sitting room, by the windows. A cooked bird and two glasses wait for them] Right, time for a smashing meal and the story of Ms. Havisham."
Pip,Pip,"Pocket, may I ask you a favor? I am desperately trying to become a gentleman! For the love of a certain girl. So, will you please tell me if I do something wrong at the table?"
Pip,Pocket,"You'll do fine, dear fellow, just fine. Now on to Ms. Havisham: She was raised by a wealthy father and grew up to be a somewhat of a spoiled brat. [Pip eats his food with his knife] And now I might mention, Pip, that in London it is not the custom to put the knife in the mouth."
Pip,Pip,"[with knife by lips] Hoh, dear, I'm terribly sorry! [lowers the knife]"
Pip,Pocket,"[joyfully] Not at all, I'm sure. [looks at Pip] Anyway, Ms. Havisham grew up to be a lovely young lady, and soon a man came along, which gets me to the cruel part of the story, merely breaking off, Pip [who has placed his napkin in his glass], to remark that a dinner napkin should never be placed into the tumbler."
Pip,Pip,[quickly retracts it] Sorry! Sorry!
Pip,Pocket,"[joyfully] Not at all, I'm sure. [resumes] So this man pursued Ms. Havisham closely and professed to be devoted to her. She passionately loved him back. The marriage day was fixed, the wedding dress was bought, the wedding guests were all invited, and finally the day came. But not the groom. [Pip farts] And I break from the tale now only to mention that one should never pass gas at the dinner table!"
Pip,Pip,Oh. Excuse me.
Pip,Pocket,"Not at all, I'm sure. So the groom never showed. He simply wrote a letter, a letter that Ms. Havisham received 20 minutes before the wedding."
Pip,Pip,"At half nine, the time when she stopped all the clocks in the house."
Pip,Pocket,"But afterward she laid waste to the entire house, as you have seen it, and has never since looked upon the light of day. And the story ends, Pip, with me suggesting that one should never pull out the wee wee and check it for scabs whilst at the table."
Pip,Pip,"Terribly sorry, Pocket."
Pip,Pocket,"[joyfully] Not at all, I'm sure!"
Pip,Scene Description,The South Park Classics study. The British Person resumes narrating
Pip,Narrator,"And so Pip spent the next several months learning how to be a gentleman. He was schooled in several languages. He was taught fencing and marksmanship, and he was shown how to dance and eat box. And after it all, after WEEKS and weeks of intense schooling, Pip was finally a full-fledged gentleman. Proud of himself, Pip decided to pay Ms. Havisham a visit, to thank her for her generosity, and to see if he was indeed, now, good enough for Estella."
Pip,Scene Description,"The Havisham Estate, exterior, then interior, at the dining room."
Pip,Pip,"[enters the dining room] Good evening, Ms. Havisham. [she hasn't moved from her spot]"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Come closer, Pip. [he doffs his hat and approaches] My, you're quite the gentleman now, aren't you?"
Pip,Pip,[cheerfully] Thanks to you.
Pip,Ms. Havisham,Perhaps. Estella's been off to school as well. [Pip walks to Ms. Havisham's side] She's become quite the lady. Would you like to see a picture of her? [shows him a portrait]
Pip,Pip,"Oh, my! She is even prettier than before. [she is shown wearing a beautiful pink dress and a makeover]"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Ohoh, you love her, don't you, Pip?"
Pip,Pip,"[pensive] I don't know. I mean, I think about her every day."
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Do you know what love is, Pip? It is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart and soul to snip it."
Pip,Pip,Righto.
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"Love her, Pip. I developed her into what she is so that she might... be loved."
Pip,Pip,"Yes, but... where will I find her?"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,There's a dance at the Palace tomorrow night. Estella will be there. Go and seek her out. And love her. Love her!
Pip,Pip,"Thank you, Ms. Havisham! For everything! [heads for the door] I'm the happiest boy in the land!"
Pip,Ms. Havisham,"And if she warms to you, love her; she tears your heart into pieces. And as you get older it will tear deeper. [whispers] Lover her."
Pip,Scene Description,The South Park Classics study. The British Person resumes narrating
Pip,Narrator,"Yes. Our young Pip had come a long way. From the apprentice of a blacksmith to a fine young gentleman of great expectations. And now he was to finally see his beloved Estella again at a Grand Ball held by the King of England, Tony Blair. It was here that Pip would finally and formally ask Estella to be his girlfriend. And all would be right with the world."
Pip,Scene Description,"The Grand Ballroom at the Palace, evening. Tony Blair and wife descend the Grand Staircase as dozens of couples dance before them. The camera then pans across the scene and stops on Estella. Pip comes in from the side"
Pip,Pip,"Hello, Estella."
Pip,Estella,"Pip. [impressed] My goodness, how you've changed!"
Pip,Pip,Yes. I've become a gentleman. May I? [signals an invitation to dance]
Pip,Estella,I suppose. [a waltz starts and all couples begin to dance.] So how is it that you've learned to dress and dance?
Pip,Pip,"Well, I was sent to be schooled in London."
Pip,Estella,"Iiii see, and you no longer live with the blacksmith?"
Pip,Pip,"Oh. I see Joe once in a while. But I don't have much in common with him anymore, now that I'm a gentleman and all."
Pip,Estella,Naturally. [overview of the Grand Ballroom]
Pip,Pip,"[walks off to one side with Estella] It is wonderful to see you again, Estella."
Pip,Estella,Is it? Why? [they resume dancing]
Pip,Pip,Because I believe I'm in love with you.
Pip,Estella,"Pip, you must know that I have no heart."
Pip,Pip,[confidently] I think you do.
Pip,Estella,"Oh, I have a heart to be shot or stabbed in, no doubt, and if it cease to beat I should cease to be, but [sighs] you know what I mean. I have no softness there, no sympathy, sentiment."
Pip,Pip,"I see past that, Estella. I see a little girl who wants to be warm and kind."
Pip,Older Boy,"[walks up to the kids] Hey, Estella, let's get out of here."
Pip,Estella,"Alright, Steve. Just one moment. [Steve walks off]"
Pip,Pip,Who...? Who is that?
Pip,Estella,That is Steve. He is seventeen and has a car.
Pip,Pip,"I see, and you... fancy this Steve fellow?"
Pip,Estella,I should. He's my boyfriend.
Pip,Pip,[scared] Boyfriend??
Pip,Estella,"What's the matter, Pip?!"
Pip,Pip,I don't understand! I did everything right! I stopped being a poor commoner! I even blew off my lovin' Joe!
Pip,Estella,"It's... it's... the way it goes sometimes, Pip. [Steve waits for her off to the side] He's... seventeen and has a car. I'm... I'm... very [pause] I'm [pause] leaving. [walks off with Steve.]"
Pip,Scene Description,"The Havisham Estate, outside, a stormy night. Pip reaches the Havisham estate and enters the front gates. He heads into the house, up the spiral staircase, and into the dining room."
