Gnomes,Mayor,"Well, I can't just shut them down, this is a free country."
Gnomes,Lady Member,But they're ruining our city!
Gnomes,Mayor,"Look, the best I can do is create a proposition. We'll call it Prop. 10. The town can vote on it, and if it passes, we'll see what we can do."
Gnomes,Blond Member,Hooray!
Gnomes,The Other Members,Hooray!
Gnomes,Lady Member,"[ecstatic] What do you say, boys? We're gonna pass a law!"
Gnomes,Stan,Uh... Hooray.
Gnomes,Mayor,"So I guess you wanna do some campaigning. [Tweek hears the gnomes coming] You can do commercials and things like that, and then we'll have a vote in the middle of town. And obviously, if more than 50% of the people even show up...[""Time to go to work, work all nightSearch for underpants, hey!We won't stop until we have underpantsYum tum yummy tum dayTime to go to work, work all night"" The gnomes go up to Johnson and pull his underpants out]"
Gnomes,Tweek,Wagh!
Gnomes,Mayor,"[""Search for underpants, heyWe won't stop until we have..."" A gnome tosses the underpants to two others, who carry it away over their heads. They all leave]...and care enough to want Harbucks out, then, they're out. So, good luck to you. [the town committee leaves]"
Gnomes,Tweek,Didn't you see them!?
Gnomes,Mayor,"Alright, what's next."
Gnomes,Ted,"Next is issue 37D, missing underpants. [hands the issue to her]"
Gnomes,Johnson,Is it cold in here?
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, boys, can I have a quick this and that with you? Boys, I don't know who wrote that report, but now that you've convinced everybody, you'd better stick with it. 'Cause if these people find out you didn't really write that paper, and I actually do get fired, then Mr. Hat is gonna do horrible things to you. [pretends Mr. Hat is saying something to him] Oh, not that, Mr. Hat! That's really horrible! Anyway, good luck passing your new law, boys."
Gnomes,Tweek,"Jesus, man, Jesus! What are we gonna do, huh?!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,South Park Town Hall Meeting.
Gnomes,Host,"Live, it's the South Park Town Hall Meeting on Public Access. Tonight's topic: Prop. 10."
Gnomes,Scene Description,The audience claps.
Gnomes,Mediator,"Should Harbucks be allowed to open a store in South Park? That's tonight's topic. On my left, five innocent, starry-eyed boys from Middle America. [shot of the boys] On my right, a big, fat, smelly corporate guy from New York."
Gnomes,Audience,Boo!
Gnomes,Postum,"Hey, I'm not fat or smelly!"
Gnomes,Mediator,"All right, Mr. Douchebag."
Gnomes,Postum,Postum!
Gnomes,Mediator,"Oh. Pardon me, Mr. Assface. Anyway, let's hear your side of the argument."
Gnomes,Audience,Boo!
Gnomes,Postum,My argument is simple. This country's founded on free enterprise. Harbucks is an organization that-
Gnomes,Audience,Hhssssssss!
Gnomes,Postum,"An organization that prides itself on great coffee! We simply want tuh-- Oh, to hell with you!"
Gnomes,Mediator,"[the hissing stops] Okay, ucka-fay. Now for the other side of the argument we turn to our young, handsome lads. [the boys stay silent] Boys, your thoughts. [Tweek twitches] Come on, boys, don't be shy. What's your principal argument?"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Nothing. A stern Mr. Garrison crosses his arms.
Gnomes,Kyle,Uh...
Gnomes,Stan,Uh...
Gnomes,Cartman,This guy sucks ass!
Gnomes,Audience,Yeah! Yeah! Woo!
Gnomes,Mediator,"Great argument! You win, boys!"
Gnomes,Postum,What?!
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"[softly, relieved] That was close, Mr. Hat."
Gnomes,Scene Description,"The boys' first commercial, beginning with an American flag waving, filling the screen."
Gnomes,Voice-over,"What is the future of America? Is it the money we make? [a $1 bill] The quests we conquer? [the Moon shot] No, it's children. [head shots of Tweek and the boys] So what do children have to say about Prop. 10?"
Gnomes,Kyle,[screen right to screen left] I don't like big corporations.
Gnomes,Stan,[rising from the bottom] I like small businesses.
Gnomes,Cartman,[screen left to screen right] I believe in the family-owned enterprise.
Gnomes,Kenny,"[dropping from the top] (In my family, it's a silly enterprise.)"
Gnomes,Tweek,[screen right to screen left] Aarrgghh!
Gnomes,Voice-over,"It's time to stop large corporations. Prop. 10 is about children. Vote Yes on Prop. 10, or else, you hate children. You don't hate... children... do you? Remember, keep American business small, or else. [the kids' heads combust and only their skulls are left in flames, with charred caps.] Paid for by Citizens for a Fair and Equal way to get Harbucks Coffee kicked out of town forever."
Gnomes,Scene Description,"The TV clicks off, and everyone is in the studio."
Gnomes,Lady Member,"Well, what do you think?"
Gnomes,Richard,"Wow, it it's great!"
Gnomes,Lady Member,"[confidently] Yes, it is. We'll put it on the air immediately."
Gnomes,Richard,"What do you think, hon? [she crosses her arms and moves away him. He follows] Hon? What's the matter?"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Mrs. Tweak turns to him.
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,I have a big problem with this.
Gnomes,Richard,What do you mean?
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,We are just using those boys for our benefit. They have no idea what they're saying.
Gnomes,Richard,"But, kids are great to get people on our side."
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,You don't just throw a child in a political commercial to sell your beliefs. I won't be a part of this anymore. [walks out the door]
Gnomes,Richard,"Honey, all's fair in love and war. [softly] And coffee. Hon? Hu-hon?"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Harbucks' grand opening. Protesters arrive.
Gnomes,Lady Protester,Take your corporate coffee and go back to New York City!
Gnomes,Crowd,Yeah!!
Gnomes,Blonde Protester,"It's people like you who are ruining Main Street, USA!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Postum looks out through the window.
Gnomes,Crowd,That's right! Yeah!
Gnomes,Lady Protester,"How many Native Americans did you slaughter to make that coffee, huh?!"
Gnomes,Crowd,[after a pause] Yeah!!
Gnomes,Postum,"[inside] Damn, these people aren't buying any coffee! I'll have to try and appeal to the younger crowd."
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Later. The crowd now marches in front of Harbucks. To the right, Harbucks' mascot, wearing a fez, holds a tray of coffee cups topped with whipped cream before a boy."
Gnomes,Postum,"[the man in the camel] Hey, kids. I'm Camel Joe and I love a fresh cup of coffee. It's yum diddly-icious, and it makes you feel super! [a small boy is listening] I have a surprise for you: the new Kiddicino from Harbucks; more sugar and all the other goodies kids like with all the caffeine of a normal double latte."
Gnomes,Scene Description,The kid reaches for one.
Gnomes,Kid's Mom,"[rushing up] No Billy, no coffee for you. [to Camel Joe] You should be ashamed of yourself, using cartoons to push caffeine on children!"
Gnomes,Postum,"[rips off the helmet] Why don't you go back to the hole you crawled out from, lady?!"
Gnomes,Richard,"[intervening] Uh, Mr. Postum, I'm afraid you've got a lot to learn about making coffee."
Gnomes,Postum,"Oh, and you don't? Your coffee tastes like three-day-old moldy diarrhea!"
Gnomes,Richard,"Uh, I'm sorry to inform you that this town is having a vote tomorrow, and if the law passes, you're gonna be thrown out of town."
Gnomes,Postum,What?!
Gnomes,Richard,"At five o'clock, the best coffee wins. Either your coffee, or a fresh, warm cup of... Tweek's coffee. [brings out a bag of Tweekers BLEND, then hugs it] Like an old sweater that keeps getting warmer with age, you can count on Tweek's coffee to start your day. [turns and walks away]"
Gnomes,Mayor,"[arriving with her aides] Tomorrow, for the Prop. 10 vote, we'll set up ballot booths... here. [between the two coffee shops] All right, men, we'll throw up the stage here. Before the vote we'll get a band everyone likes, like uhhhh, like..."
Gnomes,Johnson,Toto.
Gnomes,Mayor,"Like Toto. And then the Harbucks guy will have five minutes to speak and the boys will have five minutes to speak, and then the town votes."
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"[standing with the boys in front of Tweek Bros.] Uh, boys, you better get your asses to work."
Gnomes,Cartman,What now?
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,"They're expecting you to give a big speech on corporate takeovers, and this time it has to last five minutes."
Gnomes,Kyle,"Oh, God, when is this gonna end?"
Gnomes,Stan,"Your dad really screwed us, Tweek!"
Gnomes,Tweek,"Jesus, dude! I'm to blame for all this! I'm to blame for everything!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Tweek's house that night, Tweek's room. Tweek is on the floor and the others are on his bed."
Gnomes,Kyle,So what are we gonna say?
Gnomes,Cartman,Why can't we just read the paper we wrote last time?
Gnomes,Stan,"'Cause then they'll know we didn't write it, dummy! We have to be original!"
Gnomes,Kyle,"Does anybody know anything about corporations? [the gnomes return, and Tweek gasps. The door opens and the gnomes enter, singing their theme:""Time to go to work, work all nightSearch for underpants, hey""]"
Gnomes,Tweek,"[""We won't stop""] Waagh!"
Gnomes,Cartman,"[""until we have underpants""] I think my mom is a corporation."
Gnomes,Stan,"[""Yum tum yummy tum day!""] Yeah, that makes sense."
Gnomes,Tweek,"You guys! Sshhhh! [""Time to go to work""]"
Gnomes,Kyle,"Well, how about we just say, ""corporates should be stopped""?[""work all nightSearch for underpants, hey""]"
Gnomes,Stan,How do we stretch that into five minutes?
Gnomes,Tweek,"They're taking my underpants![""We won't stop until we have underpantsYum tum yummy tum day""]"
Gnomes,Kyle,"[looking down] Will you stop with the underpants gnomes, Tweek?! We have to work here! [""Time to go to work""]"
Gnomes,Tweek,"[points at the gnomes] Aaaggghhh! [""work all nightSearch for underpants, hey""They open the bottom drawer and go for the underpants]"
Gnomes,Stan,"What the hell? [""We won't stop""]"
Gnomes,Cartman,"[""until we have underpants""] Well, I'll be damned."
Gnomes,Tweek,"[""Yum tum yummy tum day!""] That's my last pair of underpants! [""Time to go to work, work all nightSearch for underpants, hey..."" The gnomes go for the door, and the boys hop off the bed to follow. One gnome stops and faces the boys]"
Gnomes,Kyle,"Sshh, don't scare him."
Gnomes,Stan,"Hey there, little guy."
Gnomes,Cartman,Bad! [whacks the gnome with a stick]
Gnomes,Kyle,Cartman!
Gnomes,Cartman,What?!
Gnomes,Kyle,Why do you always have to hit stuff with a stick?!
Gnomes,Cartman,"Well, look at him. He's all, you know, uh l-look at him. [whacks him again]"
Gnomes,Gnome,"Is that all you've got, pussy?"
Gnomes,Cartman,What?! [advances]
Gnomes,Stan,"Hey, he talks!"
Gnomes,Cartman,"Yeah, he called me a pussy! I'm not a pussy, you're a pussy!"
Gnomes,Gnome,"You're a pussy, pussy!"
Gnomes,Cartman,Ey!
Gnomes,Stan,"Dude, why are you taking Tweek's underpants?"
Gnomes,Kyle,"Yeah, look what you're doing to this poor kid."
Gnomes,Tweek,Waggh.
Gnomes,Gnome,Stealing underpants big business.
Gnomes,Stan,"Business? Wait, do you know anything about business?"
Gnomes,Gnome,"Sure, that's what gnomes do."
Gnomes,Kyle,Show us.
Gnomes,Gnome,O-kay. Follow me. [goes for the door]
Gnomes,Cartman,"[muttering] Little pussy gnome. Don't call me a pussy, pussy gnome."
Gnomes,Scene Description,The woods. The gnome leads them on to his cave.
Gnomes,Gnome,Not much longer now.
Gnomes,Cartman,"Oh, are you gonna take us to your little pussy house?"
Gnomes,Gnome,"No, pussy, I'm taking you to my village."
Gnomes,Cartman,"Oh, your pussy village?"
Gnomes,Stan,"Cartman, will you just shut up and let him show us?"
Gnomes,Gnome,"[reaches a tree, knocks on its base and a door opens] Follow me."
Gnomes,Cartman,[the boys look at him] I hope we're not wasting our time with this little pecker.
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Starbucks, early morn. Workers put on the finishing touches to the coffee store."
Gnomes,Postum,"Well, it looks like Harbucks will never make it in this town. [turns around] All right, boys, that's it. Pack it up, we're movin' out of town."
Gnomes,Worker 1,"Aw, but we just finished."
Gnomes,Postum,"I know, but these folks obviously don't want us here."
Gnomes,Worker 2,But what will become of us?
Gnomes,Postum,"Oh, quit being so melodramatic, Sanchez. Jesus Christ!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Underground. The boys are still following the gnome.
Gnomes,Stan,"Damn, dude, this place is huge!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,Before them is a pile of underpants as tall as a man. Some of them are colored.
Gnomes,Kyle,Yeah. It's almost as big as Cartman's ass.
Gnomes,Cartman,"[exhales] No it isn't, you guys!"
Gnomes,Gnome,This is where all our work is done.
Gnomes,Cartman,So what are you gonna do with all these underpants that you steal?
Gnomes,Gnome,Collecting underpants is just phase 1. Phase 1: collect underpants.
Gnomes,Kyle,"Sooo, what's phase 2?"
Gnomes,Gnome,"[has no response. Looks around, then calls out to the other gnomes on the underpants mound] Hey, what's phase 2?"
Gnomes,Gnome 2,Phase 1: we collect underpants.
Gnomes,Gnome,"Yeah yeah yeah, but, what about phase 2?"
Gnomes,Gnome 2,"[says nothing, then] Well, phase 3 is profit. Get it?"
Gnomes,Stan,I don't get it.
Gnomes,Gnome 2,"[walks up to a large chart] You see,Phase 1: collect underpants. Phase 2: ... Phase 3: Profit."
Gnomes,Cartman,"Oh, I get it."
Gnomes,Stan,"No you don't, fatass!"
Gnomes,Kyle,Do you guys know anything about corporations?
Gnomes,Gnome,You bet we do!
Gnomes,Gnome 2,Us gnomes are geniuses at corporations.
Gnomes,Gnomes,"[three of them move a cart up a track]Time to go to work, work all nightSe--"
Gnomes,Center Gnome,"[the cart falls off the track and on down] Jesus Christ, look out!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,The cart lands on Kenny.
Gnomes,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny."
Gnomes,Kyle,"You bastards. Listen, we have to give a huge speech tomorrow about corporate takeovers."
Gnomes,Gnome,Holy shit! We've killed your friend!
Gnomes,Stan,Yeahyeahyeah. Look. We've gotta know about corporate takeovers tomorrow or we're screwed.
Gnomes,Gnome 2,"Christ, we squished him like a bug!"
Gnomes,Stan,Do you know anything about corporate takeovers?
Gnomes,Gnome,"Well, we can explain that to you easily."
Gnomes,Gnome 2,"Yes, for a price."
Gnomes,Kyle,What?
Gnomes,Gnome,You know.
Gnomes,Stan,Underpants?
Gnomes,Gnomes,Underpants!
Gnomes,Scene Description,"Harbucks, daytime. Prop. 10 supporters are out in force and Toto is performing."
Gnomes,Lady Member,"[taking the stage] Toto, ladies and gentlemen!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,The band leaves.
Gnomes,Prop. 10 Supporter,"Yeah, Toto! Whoo, Toto! Woo!"
Gnomes,Lady Member,"All right. And now, before we all vote yes on Prop. 10, here to remind us why are the lovable, innocent children."
Gnomes,Stan,"Uh. Since we are so concerned with the corporate takeovers, we went and asked our friends, the underpants gnomes, and they told us all about big corporations."
Gnomes,Supporter,Underpants gnomes?
Gnomes,Kyle,Big corporations are good!
Gnomes,Supporter,What?
Gnomes,Supporter 2,What's this?
Gnomes,Supporter 3,Good? [the Lady Member is cross]
Gnomes,Kyle,Because without big corporations we wouldn't have things like cars and computers and canned soup.
Gnomes,Stan,"Even Harbucks Coffee started off as a small, little business. But because it made such great coffee, and because they ran their business so well, they managed to grow and grow until it became the corporate powerhouse it is today. And that is why we should all let Harbucks stay!"
Gnomes,Scene Description,The crowd is stunned.
Gnomes,Townsman,Ogh.
Gnomes,Lady Member,That's not what you said last time.
Gnomes,Kyle,"Uuuh. Well, the truth is, we didn't write that paper last time."
Gnomes,Scene Description,Gasps from the crowd.
Gnomes,Mr. Garrison,You little turds!! You've ruined my life for the last time!!
Gnomes,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady and another man haul him off. Mrs. Tweek claps for the boys and goes onstage.
Gnomes,Mrs. Tweak,"These boys are absolutely right. We've been using these poor kids to pull at your heartstrings for our cause, and it's wrong. We're as low and despicable as Rob Reiner. You keep protesting and complaining, but did any of you ever even bother to taste Harbucks coffee? [shot of the town committee. The crowd blinks] Harbucks coffee got to where it is by being the best. Don't you think you should at least try it?"
Gnomes,Scene Description,"The crowd parts as Postum exits Harbucks with a tray of his coffee, then closes in to get the coffee. Some people taste it."
Gnomes,Townsman,"Hey, this is pretty damn good."
Gnomes,Townsman 2,"Yeah, it doesn't have that bland, raw, sewage taste that Tweek's coffee has."
Gnomes,Richard,"[comes over for a taste] Hey. Hey, that is good."
Gnomes,Postum,It's a French roast.
Gnomes,Richard,"It's subtle and mild. Mild, like that first splash of sun on an April morning. This coffee is coffee the way it should be."
Gnomes,Postum,"Hehey, no hard feelings, Tweek. You know, we still need someone to run this Harbucks coffeehouse. I'm sure it will make a lot of money."
Gnomes,Richard,"Thank you, Mr. Postum, but I think we'll be happy with the money we make selling our son into slavery."
Gnomes,Tweek,Aggghhh!
Gnomes,Richard,"Just kidding, son."
Gnomes,Scene Description,Everyone laughs. The gnomes come and remove the pants from a townsman behind Tweek's right shoulder.
Gnomes,Cartman,I love you guys. [more laughter]
Gnomes,Scene Description,"'[End of Gnomes. And what do the gnomes sing?Time to go to work, work all nightSearch for underpants, hey!We won't stop until we have underpantsYum tum yummy tum day!]'"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Cartman's house. A television is heard. The screen shows an Australian crocodile hunter narrating his adventures as a woman pilots his boat down a river.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"As we steer our boat down [the boys are on the sofa looking at TV], looking for these dangerous predators... Boy, there's a king croc right here. [it slips into the water] He must be four meters; 12, 13 feet long at least. [it looks up at him] This croc has enough power in its jaws to rip my head right off."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kenny,"(Oh, no!) [tightens his hood up]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"I've got to be careful. So, what I'm gonna do is sneak up on it and jam my thumb in its butthole."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Holy crap. dude!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"If I get bit out here, I'm 200 kilometers from the nearest hospital: I'd better be real careful jamming my thumb in its butthole. [jumps in and grabs the crocodile] Oh, boy, it's pissed off now."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Go, dude, go! [excited, the boys jump on the sofa]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"I'm gonna jam my thumb in its butthole now! This should really piss it off! [reaches down with his left thumb to do it. The croc jumps up in pain and drops] Oh, yeah, that pissed it off, all right! [the boys cheer] I've gotta be careful!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,This guy rules!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kenny,(He actually killed it!)
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,I told you guys.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"[with left arm now bandaged and in a sling] Well! That was quite an angry croc! But I managed to escape with only a few bruises and a shattered left testicle. Next week we'll look for more of these beautiful creatures, so we can learn more about them by pissing them off immensely. Thanks for watching."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,[to Stan] Dude! Let's go look for crocodiles!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Yeah!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The four of them hop to the floor and walk out the front door.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The woods. Cartman leads the boys up a hill. All are armed with water guns.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"[with Aussie accent] There's bound to be some crocs up here. I'll use my croc call and try to bring 'em out. Brigeghus, brigeghus! Brig-!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"That's not how a croc sounds, you fatass penis!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"[advancing towards Kyle] Ogh! Now I'm gonna kick my friend Kyle in the beanbag and see what happens, by crikey!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Get away from me, Cartman! [backs away]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Come 'ere, crocky."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,[trips over a rock and tumbles down the slope] AAAAAAAAAA!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The boys follow him to a hole.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Dude!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,[from the bottom of a dark shaft. His figure disappears] HELP! [thud]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Good job, Cartman! You killed Kyle!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kenny,(You bastard!)
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Well, he shouldn't have called me fat. [backs up]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Why the hell not?! That's like calling the sky blue!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Well, screw him, he's dead! Let's go look for crocodiles! [turns around and walks off]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,You guuuys!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[to Cartman] Hey, he's still alive. [looks down and calls] Kyle, you okay? [Cartman returns and looks down]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,I think so. Is Cartman up there?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"I'm right here, Kyle."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Cartman, you fucking hunk of fat, rat-fucking hunk of pig-fucking ass fat."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! Oh yeah?! Say that to my face, pussy!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Can you climb back up, dude?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,I don't think so.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Damn it, I guess I'll have to go get him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"[moves away] Nah. Come on, guys. Let's go look for crocodi-iles."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Inside a cave at the bottom of the shaft, Kyle awaits his rescue. Stan descends, spinning slowly as Cartman huffs outside."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Whoa, dude. This is making me sick. Blaach! [his vomit goes everywhere] Bluchluchluchluch."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Sick, dude! [wipes some off his cap]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Sorry. [Cartman slips a bit] What the hell are you doing, fat boy?! [drops to the cave ground and stands up]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Screw you, hippie!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Come on, dude. I wanna get out of here."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,All right. Just grab the rope. Wait a minute. What's this?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He walks to an ice pillar nearby. Kyle follows. Stan rubs some frost away from the pillar, revealing a frozen man."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Both,AAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Dude, it's a dude!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Stan takes a closer look.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"He's like, some frozen guy."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Come on, you guys, it's getting cold up here!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Shut up, Cartman! [to Kyle] Dude, I saw this in a movie once. The old cavemen get frozen, and then people discover them and make them their caveman friends."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Wow. Cool.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[to Cartman and Kenny] You guys, there's a frozen ape man from the past down here! Send some more rope!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Really? [to Kenny] Hey, there's a frozen guy down there."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,[to Kyle] Help me chip some of the ice away.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Hey you guys. This is just like that one movie, um, John Travolta and that, French chick were doing it, all summer long and went back to school and sang songs about ""Greased Lightning."" [no response] You know, that movie where Sandra Dee thinks she's all prissy, and then they try and try to get an abortion, but she doesn't have all the-"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan and Kyle,"[frustrated by Cartman's talkativeness] CARTMAN, WILL YOU SHUT THE HELL UP AND GET SOME MORE ROPE?!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Aww, screw you guys anyway!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Hey, remember when that kid found a wallet and got a reward?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Yeah, sweet! Maybe we can get a reward for the frozen guy!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Both,Hooray!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,For what?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,On the road towards town. Cartman pulls the frozen man on a sled while the other three push from behind.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Where shall we bring it?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,I don't know. We just have to get it to town and let them figure out what to do with it.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,I think I'm going to name it Gorak.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"No, dude! We have to name it Steve."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[stops] Steve? What the hell kind of caveman name is Steve? [Cartman pulls, but isn't going anywhere]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"It's my name, and I found him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"You didn't find him, I found him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"What are you talking about, dude?! I fell down that abyss and there it was!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,You wouldn't even have noticed it if I hadn't pointed it out.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Kenny, who found the ice man?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kenny,"(Well, I think you guys should name it Steve.)"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"I think we're almost there, you guys."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,City Hall front lawn. The mayor is at the podium and a crowd of townspeople is watching.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,"Aalll right, people. The next order of business is a very serious matter. We need to vote on whether South Park should reinstate the death penalty or not. All those in favor, say ""yippee."""
Prehistoric Ice Man,Some people,Yippee.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Tardy Man,"Wait, what was that? I missed the question. Yippee! [raises both hands]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,"All those opposed, say ""nay."""
Prehistoric Ice Man,Other people,Nay.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Tardy Man,Screw you! [punches the guy to his right]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Man,"Ey! Screw you! [hits the tardy man, and everyone starts fighting. The boys show up with the ice man]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Huh, excuse me?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,"Not now, kids. The town is having a very important debate on capital punishment. [quite vigorously, too]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,But we found a frozen ice man from the past! [all stop]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,I found this frozen guy in the woods today.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,No. I found this frozen guy in the woods today.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,What the hell is going on here?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,We came for our reward.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Yeah, like the kid with the wallet."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,[annoyed] Reward? What reward?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"[arriving] Mayor, I think the boys may have stumbled onto something here. You see, Mayor, frozen links are often found: dinosaur eggs, woolly mammoths. This specimen could be a missing link [close-up] in our evolution. If I can unfreeze the body, and perform an autopsy, I could learn much about this creature's people and its time."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor,"Sure sure sure, be my guest, knock your socks off."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Thank you, Mayor. Oh, and boys, I, I can't give you a reward for finding this creature, but if you'd like, I'll let you name him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Really.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Sweet. How about Steve?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Steve it is.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Wait a minute! His name is Gorak!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Come on, Steve. We've got work to do. [pushes Larry away with Kevin. Stan is not happy at Kyle's sleight of word] Unfreezing this body will be quite delicate work. We'll have to use the most advanced methods available."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch. Inside, Dr. Mephesto and Kevin use blow dryers on the ice man. Quite an advanced method."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"This is very exciting. He could be a Neanderthal. Or an Australopithecus from the Paleolithic era. [turns off the blow dryer and picks up a flashlight to inspect the man] Do you see that, Kevin? These clothes are from Eddie Bauer. I haven't seen anybody wear clothes from Eddie Bauer since... 1996! [Kevin expresses shock] This is incredible! Think of all we can learn from this body! All that it can teach us! Let's just hope the press doesn't get wind of this right away."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The lab door flies open and cameras flash all around. Officer Barbrady tries to hold the press back by barring entrance through the door.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Officer Barbrady,"Stand back, people. There's nothing to see here."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter,What about the prehistoric ice man?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, yeah. There is that. [lowers his arms, and the press rushes in.]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter,"Dr. Mephesto, could you please tell us what's going on?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Ladies and gentlemen, we still have a lot of work to do. [the press mills around, taking pictures] But it is my opinion that this man has been frozen in time for over 32 months! [some reporters gasp] Yes, it's true, although at this early stage we know very little about this man or the time from which he comes."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,News 4 Special Report. The caption has a silhouette of a caveman stamped with a question mark.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter,"Fascinating news tonight from South Park. An ancient discovery of a prehistoric man actually frozen in ice. A team of scientists continues to try and unfreeze the body so that it can be autopsied, and studied. The caveman was discovered by Kyle Broflovski, who had this to say:"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"[Stan and Kenny in the background] Well, I fell down this ice cavern, [Stan interrupts him with ""la""s] and I saw this block of ice, so I told my friend to throw a rope- [Kenny looks at Stan, and Kyle glances back]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter,"The prehistoric ice man is thought to be from the late neo-post-Jurassic era, where he was probably part of a hunting and gathering tribe that lived on Waterston Street."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The genetic engineering ranch.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"That's it, Kevin. Now we can begin the autopsy."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[stirs] Uuuurrr.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Ugh? What's this?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[stirs more] Mmmmm.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,Holy crap! He's alive??
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,That's impossible! [to Kevin] Do an EKG on him!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Kevin hits Larry on the head with the hammer.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Uugh! [Raises his right arm to his head to soothe the pain]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"My God, he really is alive. The ice must have preserved him!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,"[alarmed] Well, quick, do something!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"No no, we've got to think this through. [takes the mayor aside] Mayor, this man has not been conscious for almost three years. He won't understand what he sees! He'll be frightened and confused!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, you just can't let him die."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Perhaps death is better than the shock he will take trying to adapt to our time.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Uh, ughn."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,[moves towards him] Oh my God. It looks as if he's about to speak!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[eyes open] Where... where am I?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter 1,What?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter 2,What's he saying?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Reporter 3,Is that English?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"What? You're, you're hungry?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Where am I?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"You're, you're hungry?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,What's goin' on?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Me friend. Friieend. Me friend. Ma-phes-to. Mah-phehs-to.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Huh?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Hawgh! If we could understand what he's saying, then maybe we could get some answers. [Kevin hits Larry a couple more times, and Larry soothes his head again] If only there was someone who could communicate with him on a level as primitive as his own, a mind like... a child."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The boys walk along the curb on their was home.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Dude, I wanted to call him Gorak."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Gorak's a gay name.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"No, it isn't!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Why are you being such a dick?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"I'm not being a dick, you're being a dick!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Nuh-uh!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Officer Barbrady,"[rushing up] Hello, children. Dr. Mephesto needs one of you to help him out in his lab with the prehistoric ice man."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,I'll go.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"No, I'll go! I found him!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Damn, I've never seen you guys fight like this!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Officer Barbrady,"All right, there's only one fair way to do this. Everyone stick out their potatoes. [thumbs come out] My mother and your mother were out hanging clothes. My mother punched your mother in the nose. What color blood came out? [Lands on Kenny]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kenny,(Blue.)
Prehistoric Ice Man,Officer Barbrady,"B L O O uh oh-O spells ""blue"" and that means that you will go to the lab and help out Mephesto and then we can all go home and watch Murphy Brown. [The boys look confused]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The genetic engineering ranch. Larry is now sitting up.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Steve. You-
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Where am I?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Steeve. Steeeve. Steeeve. [the door opens, and the boys rush in] Oh good, you're here."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Oh my God, they revived Gorak."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,You bastards!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Yes, and I need you to communicate with him. See if you can understand what he's saying."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,He takes Stan to Larry.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Uh, hi."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Hi.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,[rushing] What'd he say?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"He said, ""hi."""
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Very interesting.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Where am I?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,What??
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,He wants to know where he is.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Tell him, tell him he's... home."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,You're... home.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Larry scratches his head.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,In the year 1999.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,It's 1999??
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,He's been frozen for the last 32 months.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Dude, you've been frozen 32 months."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,And we found you-
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,What? Thirty-two months?!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"All right, all right, all-"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Aaaa! [throws over a tray]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"All right, all right, calm down."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[panics] AAAAAAA!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,I think that's enough for today. [sedates him]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Whoa, oh."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Good job, dude! You freaked him out!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Oh, shut up, assmaster. You're just jealous 'cause they had me talk to him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"They face each other. Cartman looks on, between them."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Guess what? You're not my best friend anymore! Cartman's my new best friend!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,Sweet.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Oh yeah? Well You're not my best friend anymore, either! Cartman is now my best friend!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,Killer.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Fine! [turns and walks away]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Fine! [turns and walks away]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,Fine.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The genetic engineering ranch. A car is stationed outside. A finger presses the butt-shaped doorbell.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,[one of three] Are you Alphonse Mephesto?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,The same.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,We understand that you are currently in possession of the prehistoric ice man from 1996.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,That's right.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,We would like to... [notices Kevin and stares] we would like to offer our services in your experiments.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Oh? Where are you gents from?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent 2,"We are from the University, of... America."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Well, there's not a lot to see, but... Come in. [opens the door and makes way for them] He's still not responding much to us; the shock is still settling in, [as he leads them, familiar animals can be seen in display cages: four-assed monkey, four-assed mongoose, four-assed ostrich] but we've made great progress now that he's in the habitat."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,Habitat?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,[they turn the corner into a darkened area] Yes. Kevin and I designed a habitat for Steve to live in that is completely like his own world. Everything is 1996-oriented.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He turns on the light, and Ace of Base's ""All That She Wants"" blares from a stereo."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,Amazing. He looks so much like us.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Larry sits on a ""Hunchback of Notre Dame"" bed, with posters of ""Fargo"" and ""Independence Day"" on the back wall."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Yes, well, Kevin has done a lot of work in figuring out just how related to us Steve really is. He came up with this drawing:"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He holds up evolution of man drawing with ""Steve"" right before the modern man."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"Dr. Mephesto, we realize that scientific study is expensive. We want to help you make this project more... lucrative."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,How would we do that?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,It's easy.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Dr. Mephesto has opened up his ranch to the public. Viewers move down a moving sidewalk looking at the habitat and listening to Ace of Base's ""The Sign"". One viewer snaps a picture. Mephesto stands at a podium."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"As you can see, the ice man is listening to Ace of Base, which was a very popular group during his era, and primitive drumming soothed his people's tempers."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The boys appear on the sidewalk.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,He doesn't look very happy in there.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"No, he sure doesn't."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"I wasn't talking to you, buttpipe! I was talking to Cartman!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Well, I was talking to Cartman, too!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Damn, I'm pretty freakin' cool all of a sudden."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"Ah! Here we see the ice man trying to gain Internet access on the computer. The Internet was still not very big in his time, so the Web frightens and confuses him. [Larry throws the mouse away, then overturns the computer in a fit of rage. The viewers are alarmed as he moves towards the window] It's okay, he can't hurt you. [they chuckle in relief] It's one-way glass: he can't even see us. [Larry goes to the back wall] And now the ice man watches television."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Click. The Aussie hunter is on TV. A grizzly bear is man-handling him.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,This grizzly bear has the strength of over ten Morgan Freemans. I'm really pissing him off right now.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,[to the Agents] Wait. This could be dangerous.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,How so?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mepehsto,He's changing the channel. Something on the television could frighten and confuse him.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Sports Reporter,And they've done it! The Atlanta Falcons are going to the Super Bowl!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,What?!! Rrrowrrr!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He throws the TV off the cabinet and the crowd recoils. He senses the crowd, as he turns towards the glass and growls."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,[approaches with Kyle and Cartman] You guys aren't being very nice to my creature.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,He's my creature!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"He's fine, boys. And we're learning so much from him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Let him out, dude. He's scared."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,He would be more scared on the outside. Do you think this stuff freaks him out? How do you think he'd react to what's happening in the government right now?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,But it isn't right!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent 2,"Little boy, sometimes, what's right isn't as important as what's profitable."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Stan turns and walks to the window. He looks at ""Steve"" in empathy. More people come by to look at the ice man."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kenny,[notices the end of the sidewalk] (Uh oh. Ow!)
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He slips down between the sidewalk and the landing, and is flattened to death. His remains reappear at the other end."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[gasps] Oh my God, they killed Kenny! [looks at Kyle]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,What?! I'm not talking to you! [walks away]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Later that night.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[a voice in the night] Gorak! [he rushes to the habitat, then heads to the access door] Gorak! Gorak! Are you there?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Oh hi. What are you doing here? Viewing hours are 10 to 6.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"I don't think it's fair for them to keep you captive like this, Gorak. I came to bust you out."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Wow. That's really nice of you, kid. Thanks!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"A door opens off-screen, and Stan turns to see who it is. Kyle appears."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,What are you doing here?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,[reaches the access door] I'm here to bust out Steve.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,What?! You can't. I'm here to bust out Gorak.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,His name is Steve!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,His name is Gorak!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,My name is Larry.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Steve!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Gorak!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Steve!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,What kind of stupid-ass name is Steve?!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Because, he kinda like looks like Steve Austin, the $6 million man."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[looks up at Larry, who looks back] No he doesn't!!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Does so!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Uh. Hey, kids, could you just open the door so I can get back to my family?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"I found him, I'm rescuing him!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Kyle just opens the door.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[to Kyle] Thanks. [leaves]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,You're a dick!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,You're a dick!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"You're a dick, and I've had it with your dicketry! I choose you!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"You want a fight? Well, that's fine with me!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Tomorrow at the bus stop, 4 o'clock!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Well, why don't we make 3 o'clock?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[hushed] Dude, Terrance and Phillip is on at 3."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"[hushed] Oh yeah. [loudly] Fine, I'll kick your ass tomorrow, dick! [walks away]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"I'll kick your ass so bad you'll wish you never had it- to begin with! Your ass, I mean. [turns his head aside] Wait. [walks off in the opposite direction]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The town, next day. Larry walks around and comes across ""TELE'S,"" which shows a large-screen TV flanked by towers three TV's tall on each side. Marilyn Manson is on screen."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Marilyn Manson,I just smelled your britches and they're stinky Stinky Britches Stinky Britches
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Arrrggh!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He crashes through the window, takes the large-screen TV and smashes it to the ground, then walks away."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The genetic engineering ranch.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,He's gone! The ice man has broken out!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"No, that's impossible! How could he have?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,He must have used this... door.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,A door to the outside is open next to him.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"Damn it, Damn it!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,We have to find him! He won't survive long out in the world!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"Yes, and if he isn't found, we won't be able to use him for our military war-"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent 2,Sshhhh!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,Right.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Mephesto,What?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent 2,What?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,Nothing.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"No, what did you say? Uh, use him for what?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,[shrilly] Butlutlutlutlup!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Mephesto just stares at him.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent 2,"Dr. Mephesto, where could the creature have gone?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,I have no idea!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,We'll never track him down on our own. This calls for some special assistance.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Larry knocks at a door at 1299 Waterston St. A woman opens the door.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Woman,Can I help you?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Leslie. It's me, Larry. [she stares back, blankly] Your husband?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,Husband? You're not my husband.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Think hard, Leslie. We used to be together, for over eight years?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Woman,"I seem to remember a husband, but I think he was lost and never found on Kenosha Pass."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,That was me!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,[a bit stunned] Oh.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Big Man,"[appears behind her] Who is it, lover?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,"It's my former husband, who I had forgotten all about."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Big Man,"Ooooo. [he and Larry check each other out] Well, sir, let me shake your hand. I'm proud to meet the man whose wife I'm currently sticking it to every night. [walks away]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,So you... remarried.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,"Yes, Lorry."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Larry!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,"Uh, larry. Larry-y, you disap-peared. I waited for you to come home for over three days! I. I remember how cold and lonely the nights got. By the fourth day I knew: I had to move on."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Didn't anybody send out a search party?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,"We did, Larry. We looked all afternoon. But we found nothing, no trace."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Please, Leslie, I don't know where else to go. I'm confused."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,"Leslie, I'm with Buck now. [must be the big dude shown earlier]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,You're Leslie.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Leslie,"Right. I'm with Buck now. We have children together. [they appear] Calvin is eight, and little Buck is 13. I just can't up and leave them. I'm sorry."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"I'm sorry, too. I'll leave you alone. [walks away. She closes the door, and he stops] Eight and thirteen? [wrong family?]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Stan's house. He and Cartman are out in the backyard. Cartman is dressed as an outback hunter.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Well, I don't see any crocs out here."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Damnit, Cartman, you're supposed to be helping me to get ready to fight Kyle, not playing Australian outback guy!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"[walks over to a cat nearby] Or, in other words, I'll let this jagu-ar bop me in the face and see if it hurts. Come on, jagu-ar, let's see what you've got! [the cat leaps up and scratches his face] Aaah! Ow, son of a bitch!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,He feels the two scratches on his left cheek.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"You suck as a best friend, Cartman!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,You son of a bitch cat!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[walks to Larry, bathing in a tub out in the open with the garden hose, and looks at him for a while] What are you doing, Gorak!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[turns to see him] I can't live in your time. I'm freezing myself again.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Wow, that sucks, dude."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Tell me about it. I've been doing this for over three and a half hours now, and only my toes are starting to ice over."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"[rushing in with a travel guide] Steve, wait!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"What are you doing here, dick?! We're not supposed to fight until 4 o'clock!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"I've got something to show Steve, dick!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Gorak is busy freezing himself again, dick!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Steve, you don't have to freeze yourself. Look!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,What is that? [drops the hose]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"It's this place called Des Moines. It's like, lost in time, see? [opens the guide to show Des Moines's assets] Everybody looks like you do. [flips the page] Fashion is two years behind, Technology is two years behind, fads, are two years behind, just like you."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,He hands him the guide to look over.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Sorry,[closes it with affection] Home.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Come on, Steve, you're going to Des Moines!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Oh, no you don't, glory-monger! Gorak is my responsibility. I'll take him to Des Moines!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"No you don't, butthole!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"A helicopter is heard over the neighborhood, and Larry sees it. Dogs begin barking."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,They're coming for me!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Come on! [the three run away]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Yeah, you jagu-ars can be real mean. I'm gonna have to smack it in the face."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Mephesto and his agents arrive.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Was the ice man here?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"He might have been, by crikey."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"We have to get him back. Well, can you do it?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,[!] Sure I can! I can hunt down anything!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,Wow! Kick ass!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"South Park Train Station. People are waiting to depart, and a train is pulling in."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"We need a one-way ticket to Des Moines, please."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Clerk,Des Moines? What the hell for?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"We have to get our friend, Steve-"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"My friend, Gorak!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"-to Des Moines, or else he's gonna melt away."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"No, he's not gonna melt away! That's Frosty, you stupid butthole!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Frosty, Steve, whatever."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Clerk,"Well, okay. Uh, I'll find him a seat."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,He sets to writing the ticket. The boys soon look at the clock on the wall.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Dude, look, it's 4 o'clock."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Oh. We'll wait for you over there, Steve. We have to start fighting now."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Okay, boys. Thanks."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The boys walk off, then stop. Stan turns around."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Okay. First one to die, loses."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,'K.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Okay. [neither one moves]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,O-okay.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"So, here we go. [puts up his fists]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,'K [puts up his fists]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Go. [they lock fists and start fighting]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The woods. The Aussie leads Mephesto, Agents, Barbrady, and other cops, in a hunt. He runs across a set of tracks."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"Wait a second. [bends down, picks up some snow and sniffs at it. Cartman imitates] I think he came through here recently."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Yeah, I think the same thing."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"Well, where the hell is he? We've got to get him back to the lab."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,He can't function out here in our time!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"[rising] Calm down, calm down."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Yeah, calm down, calm down, you sons of bitches."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,Wait! Look!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Is it him?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"No! It's a Rocky Mountain rattle snake. [curled up on a stump, it hisses] This is the most poisonous snake in this entire region. [quietly] Now, what I'm gonna do, is carefully sneak up on him, and jam my thumb up his butthole. Crikey! [leaps on the snake] Oh, this snake is really pissed!! I'm gonna jam my thumb in his butthole now! [his thumb sticks high in the air, then drops] Awww, yeah, that pissed it off all right!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,Does he always do this?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"[now cross, in a low voice] Yeah."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,I'm gonna go jam my thumb in some'in's butthole now.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The train station. Stan and Kyle are still fighting.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,[punched by Kyle] Ow!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,[punched in return] Ow! [he throws Stan down]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Watch my coat, dude."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Oh.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[walks up] I got my ticket.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Huh? [both look at Larry]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,I have to go to Platform B.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"[blinks, then] Oh. Okay, it's over this way."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He leads him there with Stan. Larry takes a seat on a bench, and Stan and Kyle resume fighting."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,[shows up at the ticket booth with the hunting party] The trail ends here.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,The train station? Then he's trying to go somewhere.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"[to the clerk] Have you seen a man who looks similar to us, but with a thicker brow and an apish nose?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Clerk,What the hell are you talking about?
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,"An ice man, a man from the past. We must find him. Now, where is he?!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Platform B. Larry has gotten on the train, and the boys see him off. They get back to fighting."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Well, this is it. I'm going back to my time. Thanks again, boys."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[panting] No problem, Gorak."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Later.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"You boys have really shown me the true meaning of friendship. You didn't care about anything but my happiness. You put me in front of yourselves, and that's what real friendship is all about."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,Yup.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Uh huh.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"After being frozen, I've learned that all a person has in life is family. And friends. If you lose those, you have nothing. So friends are to be treasured, more than anything in the world!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,[panting] Right on.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Cool.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Goodbye, boys. Goodbye, friends!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The train pulls away. The boys watch it leave, then resume fighting."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,[rushing up] Where is he? Where is Steve?!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Kyle and Stan butt heads and remain eye-to-eye.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,His... name... is... Gorak!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,His name... is Steve!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,The train! [it passes the water tower]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,We've got to stop it!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,No worries. [cocks his rifle and goes after Larry]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,Let's get him! [the party gives chase]
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan and Kyle,"No! [they stay behind, for a moment]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The hunting party is now on the tracks chasing the train.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,We've gotta stop that train!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"Come back here, you! [jumps onto the caboose landing]"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Steve! Steve, look out!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,They're after you!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Larry looks out his window.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"Oh, he's a wily one!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"He looks over the railing and sees Larry, then shows him his thumb and smiles."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"Oh, poo!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"Steve, look out!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Mephesto and the Agents have reached the engine.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,"[meeting Larry in his car] Notice the dilated pupils of this prehistoric man. A sure sign the prey is frightened. As well as he should be, as I will now jam my thumb up his butthole."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,Huh? [the Aussie pounces on him] Whah?!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,[reaches for the conductor's door] Stop the train!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Conductor,"Hey, who are you?"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"I said, stop that train!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Conductor,"Yes, hello. I see you."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"They're all movin' pretty fast, but I'll catch up to 'em, by crikey."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Atop the train, Larry and the Aussie wrestle."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[pins the Aussie] I've got you pinned. I win.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,[reverses the pin] Now I've got you pinned. I win!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"On the tracks, Stan and Kyle try to keep up."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Conductor,[ducking gunshots from the Agent] Whoa!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"[a helicopter comes into view and descends] Hey, it's okay! The helicopter is here! [into a communicator] Go get him, boys! [the pilot acknowledges] Cut him off!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"[pinned on his stomach, his butt in the air] Nooo!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,Now for the coup de gras. I'll just... get my... thumb up... here.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"[lets out a long, painful] Oohh!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The helicopter lands in front of the train, but the train rolls on."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Pilot,"Aah, the train's not stopping. [it gets closer...] It's not stopping! [...and closer...] AAAAAAAA!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"Impact, but the train's the one that gets ruined."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Aussie,[thrown towards the helicopter] Holy bum-!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,The blades chop him up.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,[catching up] Where's Gorak??
Prehistoric Ice Man,Pilot,"[steps off the chopper] Wow, that is the God-damnedest thing I've ever seen."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,Where's the ice man?!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,He has to be around here somewhere.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,Larry comes up behind the pilot and takes off in the helicopter.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,I can't believe he's gone.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"[turns around] Wait, look! The helicopter!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,They reach Mephesto and company.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Hey!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,He's alive!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,[on the bullhorn] Good-bye again! I'm off to Des Moines!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,No! Come back! You can't get out! You'll never live!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Larry,"I'm not living here! Living is having ups and downs and sharing them with friends! [Stan and Kyle look at each other] Thank you, Stan and Kyle! See ya!"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,He flies off towards the mountains.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,"[leaving with his colleagues] Damn! Well, so much for our plan to use the ice man to take over Sweden."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Dr. Mephesto,[following] What?!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Agent,What? Nothing!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,"Kyle, Steve was a... pretty good name for that guy."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,"No- Dude, Gorak is cool because it's original. And besides, you found him."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"[still hunting] Be very very quiet. I'm hunting crocodiles, hahahahahaha."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Stan,[walks off with Kyle] Could we be best friends again? [Cartman stops] I hate having Cartman as a best friend.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Kyle,Me too. He sucks.
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! Well I don't need you guys anyways! You guys can kiss my- [turns left and goes Aussie] Aha! There's a king croc right there! [a cow grazing on a tiny patch of grass. Cartman sneaks up] And what I'm gonna do, is I'm gonna sneak up on it, and jam my thumb in its-"
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cow,Moo!
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"The cow sits on Cartman, forcing his gun to the ground, then stands up with Cartman stuck up its ass."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Cartman,"Ey! Ey, get me out of here! God-damnit! Ugh. Smells like Kenny's house in here."
Prehistoric Ice Man,Scene Description,"[End of Prehistoric Ice Man. ""Stinky Britches"" once again: Stinkin' britches, you've got stinky britches Stinkin' britches, you've got stinky britches You've got stinky britches]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's class. A group of visiting kids in yellow G.G.W.K. shirts stands next to Garrison."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, we have a special guest today, a woman recruiting young people [she walks to the group and smiles] for a national choir tour. Now I know that choir tours are totally stupid and lame [she frowns], but please, give her your full attention. [to her] Go ahead."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Uh. Thank you, Mr. Garrison. [cheerfully] How are we all doing today?! [the kids' eyes wander] I can't hear you! I said, How are we all doing?! [Cartman farts]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Garrison,"[angrily] Eric Cartman, you say ‘’excuse me”!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Okay.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Garrison,[to the choir teacher] Go ahead.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Children, we are a national choir called, ""Getting Gay With Kids!"" We're gonna do a big tour down in Central America to help save the rainforest, and you can be a part of it!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,(That sounds fucking screwed.) [the others laugh]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Garrison,"Kenny McCormick, you speak when you're spoken to!! [to the choir teacher] Go ahead."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"You see, we take kids from all over the country and put them in a choir [Pip yawns and Bill notices. Clyde nods off] where we sing and dance to raise awareness about our vanishing rainforest."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir boy,"[steps forward] Did you know over 10,000 acres of rainforest are bulldozed every year?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir girl,"[steps forward] That's right. And over 30% of the world's oxygen [Kenny sees her and begins to swoon] is made in the rainforest. [smiles back at him. Kenny's in love - ahem, distracted. The camera stays on him]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"So, who wants to join the fun??"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,What if you don't have any rhythm?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Excuse me?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Well, like my friend Kyle. He's Jewish, so he doesn't have any rhythm."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Shut up, fatass!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Choirs suck.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Garrison,"Kyle Broflovski, you watch your language!! Eric Cartman, you be nice to people!! Stan Marsh, you mind your manners!! Kenny McCormick, you pay attention!! [sighs deeply and tells the choir teacher] Go ahead."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Well, uh, that's all, really. [the girl picks her nose, smiling at Kenny] So, if anyone is interested in seeing the rainforest and joining our choir, I'll leave information packets up front."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Oh, that's good. We need some more toilet paper. [the other kids laugh]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Garrison,"All right, that does it!!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office. Craig isn't sitting on the bench outside, as he usually is."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr Mackey,"[behind the door] I am tired of seeing you in my office, young man! [The camera is now inside] You get sent here every day, Craig!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Craig Tucker,I know.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,Why can’t you behave?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Craig,...I don’t know.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"What do you have to say for yourself?! [nothing] Well, I tell you what, young man. Uh, you're gonna be held back a grade if you don't luh- [Craig sticks his right middle finger up] Did you just flip me off?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Craig,No.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Yes you did, you just flipped me the bird! Now, see? This is exactly what I'm talking about! If you don't shape up, m'kay, and get your head straight, uh- [Craig flips Mr. Mackey off again] There! You just flipped me off again!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Craig,No I didn’t.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Yes you did! And until you stop flipping people off, you can just go back to the waiting room, m'kay?! Next! [Craig hops off the chair as the door opens. The boys enter.] Well, well, well, if it isn't Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and Eric. [Craig exits]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,"Hey, Craig."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Hey, don't flip me off, you son of a bitch!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Sit down, boys. Now, let's see. What did Mr. Garrison send you in here for? The boys were being rude while a choir teacher was giving some stupid presentation-"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,It's just some dumb activist kids' choir thing.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, young man, ""Getting Gay With Kids"" is not dumb, m'kay? It just so happens that I'm on the board of directors."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,Dude! All those choirs are the same. They don't even really sing. They use pre-recorded tapes.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Well, guess what, boys? I think that ""Getting Gay With Kids"" is just what you need. I'm gonna sign up all four of you."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,What?!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kyle,You can't do that! [Cartman's jaw drops]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(Woohoo!) [the boys look at him] (I mean, 'Oh...') [looks down]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,I think this will be very good for you [writes their names down]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,But we don't even care about the rainforest.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,And that's exactly why you need to go!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[drops down and pleads] Please, Mr. Mackey, we'll be good. Don't send us to that ole kids' choir. Have mercy, Mr. Mackey."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, some days later. The Get Gay With Kids bus pulls up to Kyle's house to pick up Kyle, Cartman, and Stan."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Sheila,"Be safe, Kyle. Bring me something back from the rainforest."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, nonono. The rainforest is very fragile. We must take only pictures and leave only footprints."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Sheila,"Oh, I didn't realize."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir boy,"Did you know that right now, bulldozers are tearing down thousands of acres of rainforest every day?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[as he enters the bus] Aw, man, this is gonna suck donkey balls."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,"[As Sharon drags him to the bus] Please don't make me go on a choir tour, Mom, please!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Sharon,"Stan, you should be excited. I would love to see the rainforest. Besides, your dad and I need some time alone. [tosses him into the bus]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Stan,Nooo-ho! [The door closes and the bus pulls away. Stan and Kyle look out the back window in dismay]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Okay, children, that's all of us. We're ready to head for the Latin American nation of Costa Rica, a country filled with virgin rainforest."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Whoopee.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,And you must be Eric Cartman. I've heard about you. You don't respect nature or other cultures.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Yeah, pretty much."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Well, I'm gonna change the way you think, kiddo."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir girl,[Kenny sits next to her] My name's Kelly.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,(My name’s Kenny.)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,Lenny?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,"(No, Kenny.)"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,Johnny?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,(KENNY!)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,Oh. [looks away and picks her nose.]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Choir girl,"Now, we've got a looong trip ahead of us, so let's take the opportunity to learn our choreography."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,[hushed] The nightmare begins.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,"The bus rolls along. A map pops up, showing the bus's route, and Latin music plays. It crosses the border at Mexicali, goes down the Baja peninsula, takes a ferry to Mexico and cuts across the North to the Gulf, then snakes down Central America to Costa Rica. They arrive at San José."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Oh, look, children! I think we're entering San José, which is the capital of Costa Rica. [the kids move to their windows and look out] Oh! This is so exciting!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Oh my God! Dude, look at how dirty and crappy everything is!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Eric, Costa Rica is a Third-World country. These people are much poorer than those in the U.S."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Well, why the hell don't they get jobs?! [Throws open his window and yells] Ey! Why don't you people quit slacking off, and get a job! What's wrong with you?! Go to college!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Eric, sit down!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[sits] Look, you've gotta be firm with these people or they just slack off and be poor forever. Right, Kenny? [Kenny looks at him angrily] Hey, maybe that's it, Kenny. Maybe you're Costa Rican; that's why your family's so poor."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,[to Kelly] (Argh! That's not true.)
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,[picks her nose] Your family isn't poor? [picks her nose]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"Whoa, dude, look over there! [The bus stops. There are three women in front of a shop. A man has just dropped them off, pays them and drives away, and they wave at him.] Wow! Costa Rican prostitutes! Hey, look at the prostitutes, you guys!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Redheaded prostitute,"[with heavy accent] What are chu looking at, man?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Middle prostitute,"Yeah, why don't chu take a peekture?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Okay. [pretends] Cleek! [grins]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Eric, SIT DOWN!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,The bus stops at the Centro Nacional de Costa Rica and all exit.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Kids, this is the Costa Rican Capitol building. This is where all the leaders of the Costa Rican government make their-"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[rushing out] Oh my God, [covers his nose] it smells like ass out here."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Alll right, that does it! [turns Cartman around] Eric Cartman, you respect other cultures this instant!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"[covers his nose again] I wasn't saying anything about their culture, I was just saying their city smells like ass."
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kelly,"Wow, seeing a place like this really makes you appreciate living in America, huh?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Kenny,[in bliss] (Uh-huh.) [Kelly picks her nose again]
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"You may think that making fun of Third-World countries is funny, but let me-"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,"I don't think it's funny! This place is overcrowded, smelly, and poor! That's not funny, that sucks!"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Eric, will you please, please, just keep your mouth shut while we present ourselves to the Costa Rican President?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Why?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Because I'll buy you some ice cream afterwards if you do.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Cartman,Eh-heheh!
Rainforest Shmainforest,Scene Description,Inside the Capitol. All seem to be facing the President.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Well, it was a long trip, but the children are very excited to sing tomorrow."
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,[long pause] ¿Qué?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"Uh, we're, uh, we're the choir? That, that was sent from... the United States?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,[long pause] ¿Qué?
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,"We're the group singing for the ""Save The Rainforest"" summit tomorrow? [her head is cocked way to the left by now. El Presidente has no clue. Now the teacher is worried] Oh dear, where's, where's Mr. Mackey? He should have been here by now. [faces the kids] Children, do any of you speak Spanish? [Cartman waves his left arm] Don't you dare! [the main door opens]"
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,[rushing in] Sorry I'm late.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Ogh! Thank goodness you're here; I don't speak any Spanish.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, no problem. [to El Presidente and his men] Usted es choir de Estados Unidos, mbien?"
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,¡O! ¡O! Save The Rainforest.
Rainforest Shmainforest,Ms. Stevens,Yeess!
Rainforest Shmainforest,El Presidente,Pablo los llevará en un tur de la jungla. [Pablo appears]
