Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,I just want to make sure that you-
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,That I don't abduct him? How do I know that you haven't done it already?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Me? I would never abduct our son!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,That's not what the new study says!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"[wipes his forehead, then] Well what are we supposed to do, eh-? How can we protect Tweek from ourselves? [both parents look upstairs]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The families gather on a neighborhood street. The parents are hugging their kids."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[hands Stan some money] Here you go, Stanley. This should hold you over for three years."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,But why do I have to leave?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"The news says that at your age you aren't safe with us, son. You have to get out of here before we abduct you."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Good-bye, son. [hugs Stan and sobs softly] Remember to eat right."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Gerald,"[wistfully] Look out for your brother, Kyle. You're the man now."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"Oh, boys! Don't ever forget that we love you! [Gerald hugs Kyle, Sheila hugs Ike. They begin to cry, and the other adults follow. They leave their kids and huddle, then turn around, crying all the while]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Linda,Be careful out there!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,Where are we supposed to go?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,We can't tell you because we can't know where you are! [turns back to cry with Sharon]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"Oh, this is terrible! [turns and cries with Gerald]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"Go on, kids! Go! Go and don't look back! [turns and hugs his wife. The adults are bawling now. Token is the first to leave, and the other kids follow him]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Good-bye, kids. We'll... never forget you. [the adults continue crying. Stephen pulls out a ram's horn and blows into it a few times]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Dude, sometimes I think our parents are really stupid."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,A Woman,"[in the crowd, crying] Oh my God."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Great Wall of South Park, day. Tuong is still congealed under the sweet and sour sauce the Mongolians dumped on him, but the Trojan Mongolian horse is gone. A dog walks by and sniffs."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Ah. Hey daw. O'er 'ere. O'er 'ere, dog. Got som'in sweet and souh foh ya. [the dog walks over and starts licking the sauce away] Good dog! That's it! Keep licking, dog!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Some time later. Tuong runs along the ramparts of the wall, finally freed from the sweet and sour pork that had held him in place."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Hahahahahaaa! I'm free, Mongolians! And now I'm gonna make you PAY!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Randy is at the sofa watching the news."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"Finally, some good news tonight. It's been several days since any child abductions have taken place. The main reason: parents don't know where their children are. [Sharon, at the window, sighs. Randy turns and looks at her. Snow flakes float down outside]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,What's the matter? [stands up]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Oh, it's just... I was wondering if Stan's okay."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[walks up to her] Oh, I'm sure he's made it somewhere safe by now. [puts his hand on her back]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Do you really think we did the right thing, Randy? Sending all the young kids in town off to live on their own?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[faces her, makes her face him] Sweetheart, you saw the news..."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,I know. [they turn back to the window]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Don't you worry. I'm sure that Stan and all the other kids are somewhere safe, off in a whole new city by now, making a new life for themselves."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"A Mongolian camp outside the Great Wall of South Park, night. The Mongolians are roasting and enjoying small animals, and drying the hides near a tent. The town's kids are now with them, wearing new clothes."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Leader,Tah tane da ke ab kahleh kalabush.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Bi ologad bag, big nan dastai. [the Mongolians laugh]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mongolian,[in blue] De bandig baeakhalah?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,Tawya mea pleda cleah bleah.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Triben fak burushban.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,All,Shain balag!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Great Wall of South Park, day. Tuong pops up outside the wall dressed in imperial attire."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Awright, Mongolians! Your only way through this wall is through me. This is my rast stand! I'm gonna do my war dance now. [begins a chant and dances for a few seconds, then stops] Does my war dance ascare you, Mongolians? Yeah, you think you want a piece of this? [resumes his dance. Seeing Tuong engrossed in his dance, the children move some explosives to a spot against the wall. Token peeks to make sure everything is in place. The kids then walk back to the Mongolians, past Tuong...] This is ancient Chinese dance of a- Oh, herro kids. Uh be careful, there's a-Mongolians up there. [resumes his dance as the kids line up before the Mongolians. Stan hands the detonator to the Mongolian leader, who holds it for a while. Tuong notices the wire stretching between the Mongolians and the explosives against the wall] Oh, crap! [the explosives blow up, knocking Tuong towards the Mongolians and leaving a big gap in the wall. The kids and the Mongolians have a good laugh. The adults in town come to see the commotion]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,What's going on?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Liane,I heard an explosion.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"[battered, comes into view] God-damned Mongolians attacked city wall again! [The kids and the Mongolians have a good laugh again.]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Millard Anderson,Mongolians?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,What the hell are they doin' here?! Rabble! Rabble rabble!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Adults,Rabble rabble rabble rabble!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Wait a minute. Those Mongolians are... our children. [a shot of the kids and Mongolians]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,Ike? Kyle?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,My son has become a Mongolian? No! Noooo!! [buries her head in Randy's chest]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Oh God. What have we done? We sent our children away, and now they don't even remember who they are."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,Kids? Don't you remember us?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Wait wait. I learned some Mongolian in college. [steps forth] Ah, let's see. Uh. K-kids, uh, Bi kute. Bi salnek kute. Uh-d tah tasobarro."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"[""Budu e noo""] Oh my God, our parents are so stupid, dude. [squeezes his eyes shut and buries his face in his right hand]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,Bi kute.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"We are your parents. You used to live here, with us."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,"Yeah, it was like four days ago!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,They're starting to remember.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,[walks quickly and kneels next to Stan] Staaan. Your name... is Staaan!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Uh huh, Stan Marsh."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[holds Stan firmly] That's it! Remember, son! Rememmmber! [the rest of the parents rush out and hug their own kids, crying in relief]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"We're sorry, Tweek!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"Are you okay, Clyde?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,"[Butters' parents hug the wrong person - the Mongolian leader] Oh, son, can you ever forgive us?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Butters,"Huh, I'm over here, Dad."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,Oh. [he and Linda rush to hug him]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"We're sorry, kids. We just let all those sensationalist news reports go to our heads."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Oh my God, do you see what this means? The Ghost of Human Kindness was right all along."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"You mean how he said we should trust each other, or how he abducted children?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"The uh... no, the part about being more trusting. We should follow what he said, not what he did."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Adults,"Wow, yeah. Oh yeah."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"No, no. You know who was right all along? The Mongolians. [a shot of the Mongolians] They knew that you just can't wall yourself off from the outside world. Putting walls up never helps anything. Tearing them down brings us together."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Adults,Whoa! Wow. Right!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,"Yeah, the Mongolians were right. Yeah."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Aw, you'd better not say what I think you're gonna say."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Lu Kim, tear down this wall!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh, God! I hate this whole shitty!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Randy, can we just take our son home now?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Yes, kids. [steps forward] With us, now come. Home. Hoomme. [all turn and walk towards town through the gap in the great wall]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"[to Kyle] Jesus Christ, dude, they've done some stupid crap before, but Jesus Christ. [faces forward and continues walking]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, city sidewalk, day. Stan, Cartman and Kyle head for a bright, colorful store called ""Lolly's Candy Factory."" Cartman carries three buckets: two on his back, supported by a crossbar, and a huge one on his head. The proprietor, Lolly, opens the door and sets a sign so it reads ""OPEN,"" thus starting his business day. On his red apron is a large yellow lollipop with ""LOLLY"" printed over it. The boys stop and look."
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,"[notices the kids and straightens up] Oh, hello there, kids! Welcome to Lolly's Candy Shop."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,We're the kids whose names you called on your commercial last night. We're here to do the shopping spree!
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Oh that's great!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,You bet your fat clown ass it is!
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Okay! Well I'll just need your ticket stub.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[the boys' jaws drop a bit] ...ticket stub?
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,You know. When you entered the contest you got the other half of this ticket. [display the store's half of the ticket]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Oh shit. Who had the ticket stub?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,It was such a long time ago!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Wu-we don't really ""need"" the ticket stub, do we?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Don't need the ticket stub?? Are you high?? How else do I know you're the winners?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Because our names were called on the commercial last night!
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,"Sh-orry boys. No ticket stub, no candy shopping spree. If you find it, you can come back, but you only have one week to claim the prize. That's called ""The Ticking Clock."" Works great in the movies. [steps backwards into the store and closes the door. The boys look at the door for a few seconds, then Cartman turns and steps forward]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[drops the buckets] GODDAMMIT!!!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,We've gotta find that ticket!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Which one of us took it?! It was so long ago, I c- I can't remember."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"You guys we've got to focus! We've got to focus, and remember. [Zoom in on Cartman, who starts remembering...]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Lolly's Candy Factory, over a year ago. Kenny is still alive back then."
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,[hands a ticket stub to Stan] All right. There you go. Hold on to that ticket stub. You'll need it to claim your prize. [looks at the rest of the store] Sign up for the five-minute shopping spree!! [walks off]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[hands the stub to Cartman] You hold on to this, Cartman. I might lose it."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[takes it, then hands it to Kyle] Nah, I'll lose it for sure. You keep track of it, Kyle."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Okay. [takes it, then has second thoughts] N-no, ah I don't want that much responsibility. Here, you hold on to it, Kenny. [hands the stub to Kenny]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,(Okay.) [takes it and pockets it]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Back to the present. The boys realize Kenny was the last to hold the stub as their mouths open.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[bolts away] Kenny!!!
A Ladder to Heaven,"Stan, Kyle",[following quickly] AAAHHH!! [the buckets stay on the ground and the boys rush to Kenny's house]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, later. The boys arrive gasping for air and Kyle rings the doorbell."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,[opens the door] Yes?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Where's Kenny??
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,Uh... boys... Kenny died ...last December. Don't you remember?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"We know he's dead. We mean, where is his body??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"His body? Well, why??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Because he has the God-damned ticket for the-!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[shuts Cartman up quick and stumbles for words] Uh, look. We just really miss our friend and, ah, andand we need to see his remains for closure."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Yeah. Closure.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[muffled] What the fuck is closure?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,Oh all right boys. Come on in. [the boys follow the McCormicks in]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, inside. The boys follow the parents through the house."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"We haven't seen you boys for so long, we thought you'd forgotten all about him."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Here he is, boys. Our dear little Kenny. [an urn is shown, with pictures of Kenny on either side of it.]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,You turned him into a teapot?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"No. That's an urn, boys. Kenny's inside it."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Your friends are here to see you, Kenny. [picks up the urn and caresses it.] They miss you an awful lot, like we all do. [starts crying]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"Thang-thanks for coming by, boys. Ih-ih, it means a lot to us. [turns to his wife and consoles her] Aw now, honey. [joins her in sobbing]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, nighttime, living room. A circle appears on a window and that piece of window is removed. Cartman sets the circle down and looks around. He reaches up to open the window latch, then opens the window door. He slips in and goes for the urn. He pulls out a fake detector and moves it around."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Wewewewewewe...
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,[climbs up to the window and looks in] Did you get it? [Kyle climbs up next to him]
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Hold on, I'm checking for robot guards. [resumes the detection] Wewewewewewe..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"There's not gonna be any robot guards, retard! Just get Kenny! [Cartman looks back at the boys angrily, gets Kenny's urn, and climbs back out the window. Seconds later, a robot guard does indeed move through the living room...]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Robot Guard,Wewewewewewe...
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night, kitchen. The boys rush to the counter and climb up on the stools."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Alright, we made it!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kenny'd better have the ticket stub with him in there!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Let him out, Cartman! [Cartman opens the urn and the boys duck]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,...Kenny? [the boys lose their fear and rise up to look at the urn] Kenny?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Is he in there?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,I can't see. [Cartman pours out the ashes and the boys sneeze from the fine powder until it dissipates. Some ash smudges remain on their faces.]
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,What the hell is this?! Chocolate milk mix?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,I knew Kenny couldn't fit in that tea pot! [Cartman samples the ashes]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,It was a trick!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,God-damnit! This isn't even GOOD chocolate milk mix!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kenny's parents must be laughing pretty hard about now! We're dumb enough to believe Kenny's body could be in a teapot!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Why would they play such a cruel joke on us?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Egh, because they're poor, Kyle! Poor people don't have anything better to do than piss other people off! Don't you watch Springer?!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,We just have to face it. We're not gonna get Kenny back and we're not gonna have our shopping spree. It's over! [gets off his stool and walks away.]
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Goddamnit! There has to be a way! [leaves his stool and follows Stan out. Cartman looks at the ashes, then thinks of something]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Hmmm. [leaves his stool and returns with some milk, a glass, and a spoon. He scoops up some ashes and drops them into the glass. He pours the milk onto the ashes, stirs them up, and drinks the milk ] Hmm, not bad. [scoops some more ashes into the milk]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. The empty glass sits on his nightstand. The camera zooms out to show Cartman sleeping with Clyde Frog. Cartman tosses in his bed and his dream appears. A circle appears. Outside of the circle is a lining to a jacket. Inside is someone's point of view. The surroundings seen in that circle indicates that this is Kenny's point of view. Kenny seems to be walking around in his own room. Kenny's arm appears and opens the door, and Kenny's mom appears at the end of the hall."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Hurry up, Kenny! You're gonna be late for school! [the dream ends abruptly]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[sits up, eyes wide open] Huh! ... I don't think that chocolate milk mix agreed with my stomach. [growls a bit, turns to sleep, and farts. The door flies open and Stan and Kyle rush in]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Cartman, come on!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[sits up again] What what? [sees who it is] Jesus, you buttholes! It's six in the morning!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kyle figured out a way to get our winning ticket stub back from Kenny!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,How?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"A ladder to heaven. [unfolds some blueprints] We build it, climb up, and get our winning ticket back from that asshole Kenny."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. The blueprints are in place on an easel. The design is a slender tower rising some 120 feet into the sky. The camera pulls back to show the boys hammering boards into place. Stan's parents step outside to see the construction."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Hey, if you boys are building a clubhouse you should start with the floor."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[going for some more wood] We're not building a clubhouse, we're building a ladder to heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"A ladder to heaven? Why, son?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Because we wanna see Kenny again. [heaves a piece of wood back to the tower]
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,"[after a moment of though] Oh... oh, that's so sweet."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,That's the ...s-s-saddest thing I've ever heard.
A Ladder to Heaven,Jimbo,"[approaching] Hey Randy, can I borrow your uh... [sees the boys' activity] What the hell are they doing?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"The boys wanna see their dead friend Kenny again, Jimbo, so they're... building a ladder to heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Jimbo,Awwww.
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"[arriving with Gerald] Kyle, I think you've bothered the Marshes enough."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"No, it's... alright, Sheila. The boys were just... building a ladder to heaven to see their old friend, Kenny."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,A ladder tuh... Oh... oh God. [begins to sob]
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"Oh, that's so touching. [begins to sob. All the adults begin to cry. The boys continue building]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Behind Stan's house, day. A reporter has arrived and now begins his report."
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where last December, eight-year-old Kenny McCormick died of a terminal illness. But now, that little boy's three closest friends miss their friend so much that they are building a ladder to heaven, in order to- [chokes as the camera reaches the tower, then gathers himself] a ladder to heaven in order to try to see him again. [sighs] It's so sad and yet so beautiful, Tom. Here's what some people had to say."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Well, our son just said to us that he really needed to see his little friend Kenny again and... and that he thought it would work... [begins to break down] if he... built the ladder to heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"[sobbing] They just believe in their little hearts that it will work. We can't tell them it won't, we just can't!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Jimbo,"[wistful] It shows how beautiful the innocence of a child really is. [starts sobbing. Other people are show crying: Marietta Kitchin, Carrie Ayers & Steve Stegman]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Mr. Garrison,A ladder to heaven? That's fuckin' stupid.
A Ladder to Heaven,Mayor McDaniels,[sobbing with her aides] These boys symbolize how we all feel about loss. Who are we to tell them it's impossible?
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,"Tom, people from all over the- [chokes] Sorry. [gets back on track] People from all over the country are coming to see the ladder, feeling a connection to its symbolism, and beauty. Even country singer Alan Jackson has shown up with a song he has written about the ladder. [camera pulls back to show Jackson to the reporter's left, strumming a guitar] Alan Jackson is, of course, the man who wrote the song, ""Where Were You When the World Stopped Turning,"" about the tragedies on September 11. And now he's here once again to capitalize on people's emotions. Let's listen in. [focus shifts to Jackson]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,"Where were you when they built the ladder to heaven? Did it make you feel like cryin', or did you think it was kind of gay?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Townsman,What a beautiful song. [the boys look down at Jackson]
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,"Well I, for one, believe in the ladder to heaven. Oh yeah yeah yeah. 9-11 [the townsfolk begin to cry] I said 9-11, 9-11, 9-11, Ni-hi, hi-hine___ Eleven. Thank you! I have a new CD out with all my 9-11 songs for sale right here! [the crowd rushes in to get copies of the CD. Jackson is pleased at the interest. The boys resume their construction. Stan and Kyle are hammering away at the top of the ladder. Cartman hustles up the ladder with a car seat]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Oh good! Cartman's back from the junkyard.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I found this car seat in Mr. Garrison's car. [hands it to the other two boys, who put it in place]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Mr. Garrison threw away his car?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,...No. [the boys let the seat drop] Ey! Euuugh.
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Flashback #2 - resumes where the first one left off. Kenny seems to be walking around in his own room. Kenny's arm appears and opens the door, and Kenny's mom appears at the end of the hall."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Hurry up, Kenny! You're gonna be late for school! [the dream ends abruptly]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"Kenny, do you by any chance know what happened to my Playboys? [shows Kenny a centerfold, which shows a circle where the centerfold's crotch should be. He lifts the centerfold high enough to look through the hole] Kenny?! Answer me!! [back to the present - Cartman looks dazed]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Cartman? Cartman?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[startled] Wha-uh, what?? What?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Dude, what the hell's wrong with you?!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,I don't know. It's like my brain just keeps... jacking off.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Maybe you got brain cancer.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Do you think?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Don't get cancer on the ladder, Cartman! You're gonna fall off and break it!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,SNN newscast. Graphics are shown indicating 74% of Americans believe in the ladder.
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,"The nation is rallying behind three sweet boys in Colorado who are building a ladder to heaven to be with their dead friend. [a picture of the boys on the ladder is shown] It's making Americans start to believe in heaven, again. [next segment has the reporter out on the street]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Woman 1,"Well when I see how this ladder has brought people together, how... how it has changed America, I mean, how can I not believe?"
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,[off screen] Ha do YOU actually believe in the ladder to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Fat man,"If... heaven is an eight-year-old boy, and the ladder is my penis... [the camera moves away quickly, but the man keeps up] and the pearly gates are the- [static... the camera pulls back to show the reporter back at the desk, holding a TV status pattern on paper and hissing. He notices the camera and stops, putting the pattern down]"
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,"Uh, meanwhile, the American economy cont- [gets some breaking news over his headset] wait. Wait. Wait a minute. We are getting reports now that Japan is building their own ladder to heaven to compete with the US's. Let's go live to SNN correspondent Nobuhiro Sabasurisurijuwa."
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN correspondent,"This is a Nobunaga Hiroichi reporting rive from Tokyo, where Japan has started buirding its own radder to hayben. [the tower is shown with klieg lights bathing it in light] Ahready, the Japanese radder extend faaar into space [the ladder is now high enough for a space shuttle to park by and astronauts come out to work on it] and it's growing by a-one thousand miles every day. [back on the ground...] As the endeavor continues it is becoming clear that Japan will reach a-hayben before the United States. [a raspberry follows]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, just past sunset. The neighbors have gathered around the ladder in Stan's back yard and are now singing."
A Ladder to Heaven,Neighbors,Nahurabo Nahurabo
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Excuse me. [""Nahurabo""] Excuse me! [""Nahurabo""] Uh, we ran out of stuff. [the singing abruptly stops] We ran out of stuff to build the ladder with."
A Ladder to Heaven,Man 1,Oh no!
A Ladder to Heaven,Woman 2,"Oh Jesus, no!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,Where were you when they ran out of stuff to build the ladder to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"We can keep going, but we need to start tearing down houses for wood."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"[raises his arms high] No! Agh, look, I, I think maybe this has gone on far enough."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,"Yeah... Ih it's time we told the boys the truth, that they aren't really going to get to heaven. [a truck is heard arriving]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Man 2,"[at the back, by the fence] Wait! Look! [a fleet of trucks, cars, and jeeps converge on the road outside the house]"
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"We've come to help you beat those Japs, boys! [behind him, military personnel bring out ladders and other construction equipment] There won't be anyone stopping this great ladder from being built today! [the crowd cheers wildly. The boys' parents are dumbstruck] Alpha Team! Get that support structure up! Ciranom's Team! Get us photos and recon! [the teams set about their duties]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Soldiers,Yes sir!
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,Where were you when they saved that ladder to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"[with Cartman at the top of the ladder] Man, I can't believe how much people want us to get our winning ticket back."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Candy-shopping sprees have that effect on people, Kyle."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The boys resume building the ladder, and they almost break through the cloud above them. Stan is the first to peer over the clouds. Kyle soon joins him."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Do you see anything?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,No. Hello?? Kenny?? God??
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Grandma??
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[joins the other two boys, grunting as he gets into position] Aw, don't tell me we haven't even reached the cloud city yet!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"No cloud city, not even a giant. Heaven must still be a long way off."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Alright, look. I didn't wanna have to say this, but I think maybe we're not seeing heaven because one of us doesn't believe in it enough."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Huh?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Heaven could be like the pixie faeries of Bubble Yum Forest. You only see them if you really believe in them.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,What??
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"You know, maybe we're not seeing heaven because one of us is a J-O-O."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,[processes the comment] What does me being a Jew have to do with anything?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Because Jews don't believe in heaven!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Yes we do! Just not the Christian heaven!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Right. Your idea of heaven is getting five dollars off your matzah ball soup at Barney's Beanery by lying about a hair in it.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,HAAHH!!! [smacks Cartman on the side of the face with his left fist]
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"AH! [stunned, he has another flashback. A heartbeat is heard]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Flashback #2 - Kenny arrives at the bus stop.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Hey Kenny.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Hey Kenny.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,(We can watch it at my house.)
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"In the ghetto, in the ghetto. He's a boy wearing orange, who's losing his pride, 'cause Kenny and his whole family reside in the ghetto, in the ghetto"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,"[points an accusing finger at Cartman] (Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!)"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,What did you say?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,"(I said, Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!)"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,What did you say?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[in the present] I said ""Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!"" [opens his eyes and looks around] Did I just call myself a blood-belching vagina?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Dude, what the hell is wrong with you??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I dunno, I just, I keep feeling like I'm Kenny. Seeing memories through his eyes."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,You're too fat to be Kenny.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[amid his thoughts] You're a- stupid Jew.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Let's just keep building. We only have five more days until the shopping spree.
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The White House, Washington D.C., moments later. George Bush arrives at the Oval Office and takes his seat at the executive desk."
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Alright, how's the ladder going, General? Are we beating the Japanese?"
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"Not quite, but we have a new problem, Mr. President. Our recon team on the ladder just found new evidence of threats... from Saddam Hussein."
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,Saddam Hussein? But... we killed him! We secretly took him out months ago!
A Ladder to Heaven,General,Yes sir. And now we believe he's building weapons of mass destruction... in heaven.
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Dear Christ, that sonofabitch just doesn't stop!"
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"[flips a page on an easel, showing another page with three identical photos] These surveillance photos were taken atop the ladder of what appears to be heaven. [points out an encircled object in the center photo] Here we see what we believe to be a missile silo. And here [points out an encircled object in the lower photo] we see what looks like a laboratory of some sort for making chemical weapons."
A Ladder to Heaven,Dick Cheney,That... kinda looks like a seagull.
A Ladder to Heaven,General,Yes. It could be a laboratory disguised as a seagull.
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,That tricky bastard!
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"Sir, you must understand our fears. We must take out those facilities. We must... [close-up] bomb heaven!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"SNN newsroom, new poll."
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,"SNN Question of the Day: Now that Americans believe in heaven, should we bomb it? The polls right now show that 51% of Americans think Saddam has to be dealt with, while 49% are wimpy tree-hugging pussies."
A Ladder to Heaven,War protester,"[in tie-dye shirt, waving a ""No War On Heaven"" sign] War is not my voice! This country is just run by rednecks and bumpkins with their guns!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Redneck,"[with baby dangling from the left hand, rifle firmly in the right hand] We have to take Saddam out to protect ourselves."
A Ladder to Heaven,Fat man,"I, for one, believe that if Saddam Hussein were an eight-year-old boy, and my penis were the United States... [the mic is retracted] then there would- [the cameraman tries to avoid the man, but nope] hard nipples!"
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,[back in the newsroom] God-damnit! [holds up the snow pattern and hisses]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,News 4 field report.
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,"Tom, it's been five days since three sweet boys set out to build a ladder to heaven and capture the nation's hearts. They've made a nation believe heaven might be up there. And it could prove to be a threat to our country. President Bush will seek UN approval for military action."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The Marsh home, day. The boys' ladder is seen rising above the house, in the backyard. In the dining room, the boys' parents sit opposite the boys at the table."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Boys, it's really neat that you want to see your old pal Kenny so much but..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,But it's time for you to get back to school and on with your lives.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"No, we have to see Kenny!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,You have to understand that Kenny's body isn't up in the clouds. He was cremated.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Cremated? What's that?
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"When you die, your body is put into a broiling oven and cooked until you're nothing but ashes. [the boys are alarmed]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"What?? For God's sake, why??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"[half-annoyed] Kyle, it's just what some people do."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Are you gonna burn me?
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,"Kyle, that's not the issue right now."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"The person's ashes are put into an urn, and that's where Kenny's body is."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"You see boys, Kenny is in here. [opens the urn and pours out the contents, which are white now. Carol notices] What the??? [looks inside the urn] Wait a minute! This is kitty litter!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[resigned, comes clean] Alright, alright, I drank the chocolate milk mix and replaced it with kitty litter."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,You WHAT??
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Dude, don't you know what this means? You drank Kenny!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[knowingly] Shut up!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"You did, dude! You drank his whole body!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[knowingly] Shut up!
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,Oh my God! This is awful! [starts moving away. The other adults follow] And disgusting!
A Ladder to Heaven,Liane,"[stops and looks at Cartman] Bad, Eric, bad! [moves away]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,That explains it. Why I'm having Kenny's memories all the time. His soul is inside me.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Well, so much for our winning ticket. Cartman probably drank that with the rest of Kenny! [leaves the table]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Yeah. Good job, fatass! [leaves the table]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I can't live like this. I, I have to find a place where they remove living souls from your body."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Day, Unplanned Parenthood, a place where they remove living souls from a pregnant woman's body, if you believe fetuses have souls... Cartman speaks to the nurse, who is sitting behind a desk writing absentmindedly."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Looks like I've come to the right place.
A Ladder to Heaven,Nurse,Can I help you?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Yes, hello. I have a living thing inside of me that I need sucked out, please."
A Ladder to Heaven,Nurse,You'll have to make an appointment; the charge is two hundred and thirty dollars.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Two hundred and thirty dollars?? I just want you to vacuum him out of me and not put him up in a condominium! [a woman and her boyfriend enter the clinic. The woman sobs]
A Ladder to Heaven,Boyfriend,"It's gonna be okay, babe."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Listen, lady! You've got to get this crap out of me! [the woman can't believe what she's hearing] I don't want him in me anymore! Just suck him up and throw him out!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Woman,"Oh Steven, I can't go through with this! I have to keep it! [walks away from the clinic]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Steven,"Damnit! Damnit! [turns and walks off, then looks back in] Thanks a lot, kid! [throws a rock at Cartman]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Eh! [becomes catatonic once more, and another flashback comes]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The scene is the sidewalk. Stan, Cartman and Kyle run up to Kenny."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Kenny! Kenny! Kenny...
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kenny! Lolly's Candy Land is giving away a shopping spree! [the last few words echo a few times]
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,We're all gonna pitch in on an entry! [the last few words echo a few times. Fast forward to the day the boys are at Lolly's]
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Alright! [rips a ticket in half and hands the stub to Stan] There you go. Hold on to that ticket stub. [the last few words echo a few times. He gives the ticket to Stan and walks off]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[hands the stub to Cartman] Hold on to this, Cartman. I might lose it. [the last few words echo a few times]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[takes it, then hands it to Kyle] Nah, I'll lose it for sure. You keep track of it, Kyle, of it, Kyle, of it Kyle..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Okay. [takes it, then has second thoughts] N-no, ah I don't want that much responsibility-bility. Here, you hold on to it, Kenny. [the last word echoes a few times. He hands the stub to Kenny]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,"(Okay!) [the word echoes a few times. He takes it and pockets it. Fast forward to some time later, on the sidewalk]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"You'd better not lose that ticket, Kenny, or else I'll kick you in the nuts! The nuts! The nuts! [fast forward to Kenny's room. He walks to a locked box by the window while looking at the ticket stub. He unlocks it, puts the ticket in, and locks the box again.]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Back to the present. Cartman comes to and knows where to go.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,The ticket! Kenny didn't have it on him when he died! He put it away somewhere! [walks up to a couple filling out paperwork] Don't you see? I can still have my candy shopping spree! Oh my God! [heads out the door] You guys! YOU GUYS!!
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The United Nations, day. In the main hall President Bush is speaking to the Assembly."
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Ladies and gentlemen of the UN, we have evidence that Saddam Hussein is up there building weapons of mass destruction. [shows a picture of the ladder and another one of the clouds. Both pictures have areas circled in] We have tried to communicate with Saddam through a psychic to ask him to let us see his warehouses in heaven. But he has not ""re-spond-ed""."
A Ladder to Heaven,Indian ambassador,"Of course he has not responded, because he's DEAD!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Right. Dead, and in heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Ambassador #1,"This is preposterous! Even if there was a heaven, what makes you think Saddam Hussein's soul would be sent there?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Our intelligence tells us that when Saddam was originally killed, his soul actually went to hell. But while in hell he began a homosexual relationship with Satan, the Prince of Darkness. Satan, however, decided he didn't want to be with Hussein anymore and broke up with him around August. [the French Ambassador has tuned out] When Saddam became jealous and tried to kill Satan's new lover, Chris, Satan had Saddam sent to heaven to live with Mormons as a punishment. [the assembly is overcome with silence] Questions? [more silence. An ambassador raises his hand] Yes?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Ambassador #2,"Are you high, or just incredibly stupid?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"I assure you, I am not high."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A tower has gone up around the ladder at the Marsh house. Helicopters and cranes hoist. On the ground Stan and Kyle sit on some lumber watching the military take over the construction. Cartman runs up to them."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,You guys! You guys! I saw the ticket! [Stan and Kyle rise and line up on either side of Cartman]
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"What do you mean, fatass?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I just had another vision, you buttholes. Kenny didn't keep the ticket with him, he put it away somewhere."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Where??
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I don't know. I got conked in the head down at the abortion clinic [Kyle looks down at the lumber, then looks at the pile behind him] and I clearly saw Kenny putting the ticket in a little red box. [Kyle fishes around for a small solid piece of lumber, then finds one and aims it at Cartman's head] I just have to wait for another vision to come. I could clearly see through Ken- [thunk] AY! [is dazed for a bit, then recovers none too pleased, then glares at Kyle]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Do you see anything?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Yes, Kyle. I see a DEAD JEW! [starts at Kyle, but Stan holds him back]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Whoawhoawhoa! Maybe Kyle's right. We gotta spark the vision somehow.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Not by giving me brain damage!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Do you want a candy shopping spree or not?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[stares at Stan, then resigns to his former position] Alright, go ahead. [Kyle rears back and swings... thunk] AY!... no. [Kyle rears back and swings... thunk] AY!..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Near the back of the house. The neighbors are watching the construction. Sharon and Sheila arrive.
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,"Randy! Gerald! We, we were wrong about heaven! The Japanese just reached it with their ladder!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,What? [follows the ladies out with Gerald]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Living room, seconds later."
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,See for yourself!
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,The SNN Japanese correspondent is on camera.
A Ladder to Heaven,Nobunaga Hiroichi,"This is a Nobunaga Hiroichi reporting rive from hayben. [behind him is a set with clouds hanging from wires. Angels swing into place slowly] The great a-nation of Japan reached a-hayben today about eight o'crock Pacific Standard Time-eh. [one of the angels falls off her rope and hits the ground. The correspondent sees this and moves in front of her to block the shot. Someone enters the shot and plants a Japanese flag among the clouds] Therefore, hayben is now a-decrared an official part of Japan, because we got a-here first. And now for the weather in heaben, let's go to Natsako Semu."
A Ladder to Heaven,Natsako Semu,"Todeh weather in hebon, partry croudy."
A Ladder to Heaven,Nobunaga,"[fairly gloating] That's the news from heben. [the set creaks behind him and falls down, showing the studio.] Dame! Dame da! Bakayarou da!! [""No good! It's no good! Idiots!""]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Living room, seconds later."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Oh God, and we told our boys they'd never reach heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,Kids!
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Backyard. The crowd in and around the yard is immense now. George Bush and his staff are present.
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,Good. As soon as the boys finish their ladder we'll be ready to take Saddam out.
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,"Do you really think this is a good idea, Randy?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"If Saddam is building weapons, we have to stop him. With our weapons. [behind the crowd Cartman, Stan and Kyle return with buckets of candy. That conking finally worked]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Ah, excuse me everyone! Uh, we're not working on the ladder anymore. Thank you, we're done. [everyone turns to look at the boys]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Some guy,Dude.
A Ladder to Heaven,General,Not working on the ladder? But the Japanese won't let us use theirs.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Kenny didn't have the ticket stub. It was in his room. So we got all our candy, and you can all go home."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Wait, are you saying that you boys only wanted to build a ladder to heaven so you could get some candy??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"...I've never heard the words ""only"" and ""candy"" in the same sentence before."
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,But... what about your lost friend? What about your fragile innocence and believing we could all get to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Yeah, well people make us kids believe that heaven is this white place with fluffy clouds and angels..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Yeah, but now we think maybe heaven isn't a place you can get to, maybe heaven is just an idea. A frame of mind or, or something gay like that. Maybe heaven... is this moment, right now."
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"So, you're saying we should bomb this moment, right now. Right! Johnson!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Johnson,Sir!
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"No, no. We shouldn't bomb anybody. These boys are right. The only heaven we can hope for is one here on earth, now. We should stop waiting to get into heaven and start trying to... create it."
A Ladder to Heaven,Crowd,Awwww. [the crowd begins to disperse and people begin to cry in appreciation]
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,[moving off with his staff] And I was dumb enough to believe Saddam could actually be up there buildin' bombs.
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,"Where were you when they decided heaven was a more intangible idea 'n you couldn't, you couldn't really get there? [walks up to the boys] You little bastards ruined my latest song! [drives his guitar into the snow, breaking it, then walks away]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Well, I'm sure glad this is all over with. Let's go count our candy."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Yeah. But what about Kenny. His soul is still in Cartman's body.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[chuckles] No no, I just drank his memories. I'm not sharing my body with that poor piece of crap. Stop calling me poor, you fat dick! [looks stunned] ...Oh Jesus Christ."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Whoa. [shakes Cartman around] Kenny, you in there?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Stop it! Where am I, you guys? Oh God! [runs off]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Dude, come back here! [chases after Cartman]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Stop him, Kenny! [follows them off. The camera suddenly pans up]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Heaven. Weapons of mass destruction are seen among the clouds. Saddam is right there shouting directions.
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,Keep those nitrogen capsules over there by the warheads! Right. Chop-chop. Come on!
A Ladder to Heaven,God,"[a bright beam of light lands on Saddam, who shields his eyes] Saddam. I've been hearing rumors that you're secretly building weapons of mass destruction up here."
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,"Weapons of mass destruction? Nooo! This is a chocolate chip factory. See? [displays boxes of ""Saddam's Heavenly Chocolate Chips""]"
A Ladder to Heaven,God,It looks like a chemical weapons plant.
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,"Look, God, if I was gonna secretly build a chemical weapons plant, I wouldn't make it look like a chemical weapons plant, would I? I'd make it look like a chocolate chip factory or something."
A Ladder to Heaven,God,"...Alright, just checking. [removes the beam of light]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,[giggles] Stupid asshole! [goes back to work]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, night. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman stand in the living room in costume."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,O Great Wizard of Gregendath. What quest do you ask of this Ranger and Paladin?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Only one thing can save our kingdom. You must bring me: a piece of pecan pie with toffee ice cream and magic shell. Hurry now!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"That quest sucks, Cartman! Think of another one!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[entering] Uh, boys, [the boys look up] Butters' parents want to borrow The Lord of the Rings video we rented. Could you take it over to them?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,You're sending us on... a quest? You ask of us to take the one video to the House of Butters?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeah, whatever."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,It shall be a long journey with many dangers on the way.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"But if the tape must be brought to the House of Butters, who else can do it?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"[reaches out and receives the tape] Very well, we shall embark on this quest immediately, father! Come, warriors!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,"Stan, Kyle, Cartman",Ho! [they head out the front door. Randy moves away from the stairs and towards Sharon on the sofa]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[snuggles up to her] Hmmm, that gets rid of them."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oooh, you're a little frisky, aren't you?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeah, well uh, The Lord of the Rings wasn't the only thing I rented from the video store. [holds up a VHS case] I also rented... a porno."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oho, you little devil."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[softly, sensually] You wanna go watch?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,Neighborhood streets. The boys are well into their quest.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,How shall we journey to the house of Butters? Through the mines of Endor or over the mountains of Grog?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[notices something and gasps] Look out! Here comes the great dragon of Perengraph!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Don't worry! I am the great wizard Motortart. I can shield us from the dragon's fire. [a car passes by and Cartman fires away at it with his staff]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Good job, wizard."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"And so the party journeyed onward: the great Wizard, the skillful Ranger, and the covetous Jew."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"I'm a Paladin, Cartman!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Jews can't be Paladins.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Marsh residence; bedroom. Randy waxes his eyebrows with saliva getting ready for a night of porno. Sharon appears in a ruby lingerie, leans suggestively against the doorway of the master bathroom and runs her finger along the bedroom wall. Randy takes the porno to the TV."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Hey there, cowboy."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[holds up the video and turns to Sharon] You ready for some hot, steamy fun?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"[smiling, right index finger against her chin] You bet I am."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"The guys at the office told me I had to rent this porno. They said, ""this is without a doubt the hottest porno ever made."" [puts the video into the player]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"[now reclining on the bed, running her finger along the bedsheets] Mmm, sounds good."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"I love that lingerie. [opens his nightgown to reveal a purple cod piece, then in a low voice] Yeah. You like that?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Mm, yeah baby."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeeaahhh. [reclines on the bed, facing her and holding the remote control] Alright, you ready?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,Ready.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Oh, yeah. [they turn to the TV. Randy starts the video]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,"[the video begins. Randy massages Sharon's arm] The story begins in ages past, in the deep regions of Middle-earth, where Scorn first thrived in the kingdom of Gelgelar."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Aw man, I hate when pornos try to have a story."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,Seven rings were cast and given to the races of Men.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,Oh yeah. [begins caressing Sharon]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,"Seven, to the races of Elves, five to the gloondock villagers of Gelgendor. [Sharon takes a good look at the video]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Wow, the production values are really good in this porno. [Randy takes a look]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeah, it almost looks like... The Lord of the-- [jumps up and sits on the bed, aghast] Oh, my God! [quickly rises and turns off the TV, gets the video out, and reads] This is Lord of the Rings!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,But then that mean..?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,The boys have the hottest porno ever made.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stotch residence. The boys approach. Kyle knocks, Stephen and Linda open the front door."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Oh, hello boys."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,My father has asked that we bring you this copy of Lord of the Rings.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Well, thank you very much, kind heroes."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Perhaps a reward is in order. Gold? Frankensteincense?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Oh, but you are noble heroes. We know our thanks is enough. [closes the door. The boys leave]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Man, that's crap."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,Basement. Butters is drawing something on paper. His parents descend with video in hand.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Butters, [Butters stands up] look what we have for you to watch: The Lord of the Rings."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[rushes up to meet his parents] Oh, boy! Finally I get to see it!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda,"Now Daddy and I have to do our taxes, so you can watch this by yourself and not get scared?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Ah I won't get scared, Mom. Promise!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"That's our man. Here you go. [hands the tape to Butters, who goes to the VCR and puts the tape in. The parents leave]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,Ooh la lolly! I finally get to see Lord of the Rings. [the video begins to play. A man and a woman are heard]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Evan Stone,"[softly] Spank that ass. [a few seconds later, a spanking is heard]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Whoa. [more sounds from the video] Neat-o. [more sounds, a few spankings] Well, this is good."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Marsh car. Randy drives, Sharon worries. They have donned pajamas and thrown on coats."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oh my God, this is gonna be so embarrassing. ""Hi, Chris. Hi, Linda. We were just wondering if we could get our porno back."" [buries her face in her right hand]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Calm down, maybe the boys haven't gotten there yet."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The woods. As Randy and Sharon head for Butters' house, the boys walk home through backwoods."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,And so the party returns home after completing their great quest.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,The one tape was returned and South Park was again at peace. [a few seconds later some headlights shine on them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Quick! A monster of Rivendell!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Prepare for battle! [switch to the car]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,The boys! [Randy drives up to the boys and stops. Both he and Sharon jump out and rush up to them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,Boys! Boys! [stops] Where's the videotape?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,We gave it to the parents of Butters as commanded by you.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Awgh, I guess we have to go talk to 'em now."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Well, wait a minute, uhhh, boys, do you think you can go get that tape back for us really fast? [the boys look at each other]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,This sounds like a really important quest.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yes, it is. It is more important than anything I've ever asked you to do. You must retrieve the tape. But do not look at it, uh, for it... holds an evil power! Retrieve the tape, and return it to us at home. [falling into a fantasy accent] Do this, and you will be greatly rewarded."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Woww.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,This... is so cool.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[turns left] Gentlemen, we are off! [the boys turn back to walk to Butters' house. Randy watches them leave]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[rises and looks at Sharon] Okay, problem solved."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stotch residence; basement, moments later. Butters is looking at more of the video. He has a surprised expression on his face. Steamy action is heard."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Woman,"...Oh my God, I'm so... Mmmm, mmm..."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Oh golly. [his legs part and he points to his crotch] Hey, what's happening down there? [the basement door is heard opening and closing. Butters is fascinated by his body's reaction. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman come down the stairs. Butters reaches for his crotch for tactile inspection]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,We have come to reclaim the one tape! [Butters sits up and Kyle goes for the tape]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[walks up to Kyle] Wha-wha, what are you doing?! [Kyle removes it and puts it into the LotR case it came in]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[walks off. Butters is saddened] The Queen and King of Stan'ses house wish The Lord of the Rings returned to them.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"But it's the greatest movie I have ever seen. You guys were right. Lord of the Rings is awesome. Eh, you have to let me finish watching it."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Nay, Butters! The one tape must be brought back to Stan'ses house. [the boys head up the stairs and out of the house. Butters opens the door and jumps at them]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Butters' house, outside."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Bwaagghh! [falls on his face, then quickly gets up and retreats]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Butters! We said you can't watch it! We have a quest!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Well, then... then let me go with you."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Okay, fine, Butters. But if you're gonna hang out with us, you have to play like Lord of the Rings. [Little does Kyle know what Butters' idea of LotR is. The boys turn to walk away]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Wuh, okay. [Butters jumps on Kyle's left arm and starts making love to it] Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, yeah."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[glares at Butters] Butters, what the hell are you doing?!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[a bit surprised] Playing Lord of the Rings. [resumes the love-making] Ugh, wegh, oh yeah."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[smacks Butters with the tape, causing him to fall off] Get the hell off me! You're a freak, Butters! You can't play with us!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[on hands and knees, with renewed determination] Let me have the tape!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"[takes the tape from Kyle] No, we have to return it! [the boys turn to walk away again. Butters crawls a few inches]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,My movie! [sorrowfully reaches out for it with left hand] My awesome cool movie. My... precious.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The woods, night. The boys retrace their steps through the backwoods."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,And so the tape was again retrieved to be brought back to Stan'ses house.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,This copy of Lord of the Rings made the young Butters behave quite oddly.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Yeah, and mine parents were acting strange about it, too."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Perhaps the one videotape has some power we have not foreseen. [three older boys ride up on their bikes and stop before the group. It's the sixth graders]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"[gets off his bike and approaches the boys] Well, well, well! If it isn't Robin Hood and his Merry Men!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Oh, crap, the sixth graders!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,Whatcha got there?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Nothing. [the sixth grader rips the tape out of Stan's hand] Hey, kid!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,[looks at the case] Lord of the Rings? Ha! That movie's gay!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,You're gay!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"[opens the case and looks at the tape] What the--? [reads the title: ""Back Door Sluts 9"" XXX] Whoa! [backs up to show the tape to his friends] Check it out, you guys!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth graders 2 and 3,Whoa!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Give it back! We're on a quest to return it to my parents!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,[approaches menacingly with the tape. Stan backs up] No way! We're keepin' this and watchin' it ourselves!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,You can't keep it.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"And what are three little fourth graders gonna do about it, huh?!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,There's four of us! Kenny's soul is still trapped in Cartman's body!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Yeah!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Oh man, I can't wait to see this!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[aside to Stan] Dude, that video is making people act strange."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,The one tape must be returned! [swats the tape out of the sixth grader's hands with the staff and watches as the tape falls into Stan's hands] Run! [the boys run away from the sixth graders]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,Get 'em! [his two friends ride off after the boys. He picks up his bike and joins his friends]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stotch residence. Randy and Sharon have arrived, and Randy knocks on the door. Stephen answers the door again."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Oh, hello, Randy, Sharon."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Uh... Chris, are the boys over here?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda,"No, just Butters. He's been watching The Lord of the Rings downstairs."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oh, dear!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,What's the matter?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"We... [now nervous] Well, this is really sort of funny, but uh, we, we accidentally put a...porno in The Lord of the Rings box. [Sharon shrugs, and both of them smile sheepishly]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda,Ohh God!! [the Stotches panic and rush downstairs. The Marshes follow]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Basement. Chris, Linda, Randy and Sharon enter. The TV is still on, but there's static. Butters isn't around."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,Butters?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda,Butters? [they notice the television] Butters!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[peeks out from behind the sofa, in the shadow, then speaks in a raspy voice] The precious? [his parents turn to see him] Could you bring back my precious?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Butters, where is the movie you were watching?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[crawls out into view] They took his precious, took it away to watch without him. [sits up and puts his hands on his knees] He was really enjoying that movie, too! My... precious."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,The boys must've come and saw what it was and... then taken it away somewhere.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"[gravely] Oh, no. [Stephen and Linda look back at them]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The woods, later. The camera moves from a clearing to a tree with a large root shading a pocket underneath. The boys come into view."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,We can't let those sixth graders get their hands on this videotape.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"I must say I agree. If this copy of The Lord of the Rings is tainted, it would not be safe in the wrong hands."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"[nearby, off screen] I smell fourth graders!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Oh crap, dude!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Hide! [they jump over the massive root and hide in the pocket underneath. The lead sixth grader comes into view and sniffs the air. He hops off and looks around over the root. The boys look up in apprehension. The sixth grader sniffs around above them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader 1,"[off screen] Hey. [the lead sixth grader whips around and goes to see who it is. It's his friend, in brown cap] I think I see something down the hill. [the lead sixth grader looks in that direction, then the sixth graders take off. The boys express relief after a few seconds]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Ogh. [Cartman sighs silently]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Phew. The one videotape is sought after indeed.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Yeah. Butters, my parents, now the sixth graders."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"[rises and moves off] Come, guys. We must bring this all to the attention of the High Elf of Paragon."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Yeah, the High Elf. He'll know what to do. [the boys leave the root]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Broflovski residence, night. The boys' parents are all gathered in the living room."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,[debriefing Gerald and Sheila] And so that's the situation. All the boys are out there somewhere with a... pornographic videotape.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"Oh God, this, this is horrible!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"All right, calm down. Now, just how bad of a porno tape are we talking here? I mean, was it like Crotch Capers 3?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,I'm a...fraid it was... Backdoor Sluts 9. [he and Sharon hang their heads in shame]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,"Gerald, Stephen",Backdoor Sluts 9?!?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda,Is that bad?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,Backdoor Sluts 9 makes Crotch Capers 3 look like Naughty Nurses 2!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"I-it is the single most vile, twisted, dark piece of porn ever made. [Sheila gets angrier by the word]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,[slaps him] How the hell do you know?!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"[shakily] I, uh, I-I-I read about it in People."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"[now facing the Marshes] Oh, this is just great! How could you two be so careless?!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,We're sorry.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Liane,"Well, Sheila, we can't shelter our boys forever from these things. Maybe it's okay for them to see an adult film."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,Not without their parents to put it in a proper context! They won't understand what they're seeing!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"It-it can't hurt 'em that much, can it?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,[pops up outside and taps on a window] Precious. [the adults turn to see the window] Let me see my precious. [slides down the window and out of view] Plee-ee-ee-ease! [the adults just look on]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle and Cartman arrive at a house. Stan rings the doorbell twice, but no answer."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,[waves his left hand around] Open. [nothing. He waves his left hand again] Bellog. [the door opens and Clyde appears]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,What do you guys want?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,We must speak with the High Elf of Paragon.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"Oh. Okay, hang on a second. [steps back and closes the door, then reopens the door. He is now dressed as an elf. His staff is a small hoe] What troubles you?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,We have in our possession something of great power. [pulls out the videotape] It is... The Lord of the Rings.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,So? I have three copies. And the DVD with twelve hours of extra footage.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Yes, but this is not a-- [stops, then reacts] Wow, twelve hours? ...Yes, but this is not a normal copy. It's making people act really strange. [hands the tape to Clyde]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"We're seriously, High Elf. Something very evil lurks in this tape."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"Very well, I shall call the council together. Meet me in the Woods of Gathering behind Talangar the Black's house. And don't let my mom see you, 'cause I'll get in trouble."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Thank you, High Elf of Paragon."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"Faragon, asshole! [closes the door. The boys leave the house and walk off]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Clyde's a dick.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,A parking lot in town. A bunch of kids are gathered there on their bikes. The lead sixth graders hops onto a car and gets the others' attention.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Alright, everybody listen up! There's three snot-nosed little fourth graders out there who have a porno called Backdoor Sluts 9."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Other sixth graders,Ooooooh!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"I checked it out on the Internet, and it said that Backdoor Sluts 9 is the most hard-core porno ever made."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Other sixth graders,Ahhhhh!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"I have amassed this army of sixth graders to get the tape by any means necessary. Now, let's go get that porno! [the sixth graders scream and charge out into the night on their bikes]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Token's mansion, backyard. Very leafy backyard indeed. The camera moves from a shot of the moon to a shot of all the fourth grade boys seated around a small table."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"And so that is the situation. The video may or may not have evil power. Kyle, would you bring it up here, please? [Kyle gets up, walks to the table, and stands the tape on it]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Other Boys,Ahhh.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,That video could have been made by Sauron's evil f-...forces.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,It could hold a mental spell of some kind.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kevin,"[wearing a Star Wars Imperial stormtrooper helmet] Perhaps we could use it to strengthen our star cruisers. [the kids look at him. One shot has Tweek wearing a large coffee tin on his head, Pip dressed as an elf, a kindergartner wearing a Fett helmet, then one of Stan, Kyle and Cartman]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Kevin, god-damnit..! [Kevin looks around, then hops off his chair and leaves]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"Look, until we see this tape's power for ourselves, we cannot risk giving it to anybody."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"But if we watch it, we could fall under its spell, too."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"That is true. Only a Paladin with a high constitution should watch the tape. Therefore, I think it is a job for you, Talangar the Black."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Token,"[thinks about this, then leaves his seat] I am not scared. I'll go inside and watch the tape, [reaches the table and gets the tape] just for a few seconds. If I do not return in two minutes, send a party in after me. [walks towards the house] The fate of Middle-earth... is in my hands. [reaches the sliding door and enters the house, closing the door behnd him]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,The neighborhood. The sixth graders come into view on their bicycles making all sorts of noise.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,Fourth graders! Give us that porn-o! [they go out of view. A moment later the Marsh car comes into view]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,Boys? [the Broflovskis are in the back seat]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"[with her head out the window] Boys, we're not mad at you. We just wanna talk to you. [behind them is the Stotch car]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Token's mansion, backyard. The boys wait for Token's verdict."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Talangar the Black returns from watching the video. [the other boys stir]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"What vice did you see on the videotape, Talangar? Is it the work of Sauron's magic? [Token returns to the table and places the tape there]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Token,I'm not playing anymore. [walks off]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"[steps forward] Uh, well—Wait, what'd you see?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Token,"[stops and turns] I don't know, I don't wanna know. I'm out. [claps his hands, then walks back into the house, sliding the door open and closed. The boys look on]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"My God, this thing must really be powerful. [the boys turn to look at the tape]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,This tape makes people freak out wherever it goes.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,What do we do with it?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"One thing for sure, this tape cannot be trusted with anybody. It must be returned to the video store from whence it came."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,"Well, where is the videotape rented from?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[picks up the tape and looks for the store name] Two Towers Video Store. I-in Conifer.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Tweek,Conifer? Walking there would take hours!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,There's no alternative. We have to return the tape before it causes more damage!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kindergartner,I'll go.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,"Ha! We cannot trust something of that much power to a dwarf! Especially a kindergartner dwarf. [all the boys begin to chatter, nominating who should return the video]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,You're too young.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Quiet!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,"You guys, this is stupid."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,You're acting like a bunch of assholes!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,I will take it! [the boys quiet down and Stan approaches the table. He takes the tape in hand. Cartman closes his eyes in meditation] I will walk to the video store.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,"It is too far and too dangerous to go alone. Take with you the wizard [Cartman], the dwarf [the kindergartner], the warrior [Craig], the cleric [Jimmy], and the Jew [Kyle]."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[flashes anger] Paladin!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Clyde,Very well. You shall be the Fellowship of The Lord of the Rings. Good luck. I have to go home now before I get in trouble.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Tweek,Me too.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Other boys,"[agreeing] Yeah, yeah, yeah."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,Only the six of us are to go?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"No, no, there's seven of us. Kenny's soul is still trapped in Cartman's body, remember?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Yeah, stupid. [higher pitch] Yeah. Luckily, Cartman's big enough for the both of us. [a bit lower] Shut up, Kenny."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Kenosha Pass, snowing. The boys walk along the highway through the pass."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,So it was that the heroes traveled many miles to return The Lord of the Rings to the video store.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,We have reached the Great Pass of Mount Ururalak.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,Look out! [a small avalanche of snow appears in front of them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[gasps a little] We were almost killed.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,A dark wizard must be trying to stop us!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,True. Someone or something doesn't want this video returned to the video store.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,Token's mansion. The boys' parents are at the front door. The front door opens and Token's parents appear.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Steve,Oh. Hello everybody.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"Steve, uh, we heard that a bunch of the kids were over here a little while ago."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda Black,"Well yes, I believe they were, but they've gone. What's the matter?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"We think our boys might be showing other chiildren a, uh... pornographic tape."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Steve,What? But Token's never seen a porno before. He wouldn't know what to—Oh God! [rushes to look for Token]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda Black,Token! [the other parents rush in]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,The dining room table. Token sits alone on one of the many seats there. The adults arrive.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda Black,Token? Did the boys come over and... show you a movie? [no answer]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Steve,"Token? [no answer, long pause] Alright, Token. We know you must be very confused about what you saw. [no response, long pause]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[kneels next to Token] Yes, uh... you see, Token... that was called a pornographic film. I-it shows adult men and adult women having sexual intercourse. [no response, long pause] Well, y-you see, when a, when a man and a woman fall in love, the man puts his penis in the woman's vagina. It's called love-making, and it's part of being in love."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Token,"[no response, long pause] ...And when the woman has four penises in her at the same time, then stands over the men and pees on them, is that part of being in love too? [no response] Five midgets, spanking a man... covered with Thousand Island dressing. Is that making love?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Steve,"Jesus, what kind of porno is that?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,It was Backdoor Sluts 9.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Steve,"Oh, Jesus, not that one! [his wife gives him an angry look]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"Oh, Gerald, poor Kyle must be just as confused and scared as this poor kid."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"Uh, Token, this is very important: do you know where the boys went with the naughty tape?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Bailey, town limit. The boys arrive there."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,We're entering the limits of Bailey. Everyone stay close.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Perhaps the Great Ringworm of Bailey is about.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kindergartner,Ringworms are no match for a dwarf.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Yes, we shall slay the Ringworm and take his bounty of treasure! [they pass a yard on which some kids are playing] For that is the way of the--"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Boy 1,I shall put a magic spell on you!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Boy 2,"I have blocked your spell, wizard!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Hey, what are you guys doing? [the Bailey kids turn and look]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Boy 3,We're playing Harry Potter.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,[after a few moments of thought] Ha!! Fags! [the boys move on. They soon pass a Country Café]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[suddenly wary] You guys. Somebody is following us.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,It's Butters.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Butters?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Yes. He's been following us for like two hours. [behind the six boys, at some distance, is Butters, skulking along in the shadows]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,The precious videotape. L-let the Butters see it.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Just ignore him; maybe he'll go away.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,"Hey fellas, mind if we take a little re-rest?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"There's no time for rest, sorcerer! Keep up! [the sound of sixth graders is heard in the distance. The boys look around to find the direction of the sound. The sixth graders appear in the horizon behind them and ride in quickly, screaming all the while]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,They are coming. [a shot of the sixth graders] You guys go on ahead.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Jimmy, are you sure?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,"Go! [the other five boys take off, leaving Jimmy to face the sixth graders alone. He turns and stares down the approaching throng] You shall not...pah..? You shall not..puh... [the sixth graders draw closer] You shall not paah... [a shot of the young bikers, then a distance shot of Jimmy, then a shot of the young bikers, a shot of Jimmy, a shot of the young bikers, a quick shot of Jimmy, then the sixth graders as they reach Jimmy] You shall not pa--! [the sixth graders take shots at him as they pass by. He falls and gets up] You shall not paah--! [struck down again, rises, is struck down, rises...] You shall not puh-uh-uh-- [falls again. The last of the sixth graders passes by, and Jimmy stands up, all beat up, with tire tracks and bruises on his face and a black eye] You shall not pass. [falls down]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"A river, further along the quest. Stan looks back to see about Jimmy."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Jimmy didn't stop them!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,They're gonna take The Lord of the Rings from us.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Quick! Cross the river! Sixth graders can't stand water!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,What? That's stupid.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"I'm a high-ranking white wizard, Craig, and I say sixth graders are opposed to water!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Craig,Whatever. I'm going back to play with the Harry Potter kids. [walks off]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kindergartner,Me too. [follows Craig]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Go ahead and play Harry Butthole Pussy Potter!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Just get across the river! They're coming! [the three remaining boys scramble across the river. The sixth graders arrive. Two of them stop their tires by performing wheelies and landing their bikes back on the road. The lead sixth grader rides up between them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,What the hell is wrong with you guys?! Get the tape!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader 3,"Dude, I don't wanna get wet."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader 4,"Yeah, I don't really like the water."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader 1,"Besides, if our bikes get wet, their chains'll rust."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Oh, god-damnit. Alright, come on. We'll find a bridge. [the bikers ride off]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The woods, later. The boys walk through it."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,The quest continued to return The Lord of the Rings to the video store.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Man, we should have never crossed that stupid river."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Yeah. Good job, wizard fat ass! Now we're totally lost."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"We're not lost, Jewgar of Jewlingrad, we just don't know where we are! [twitched] That's what ""lost"" means, stupid! Kenny, shut your goddamned mouth!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,This is great! We're in the middle of nowhere and nobody knows what direction the video store is in!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,[crawls up to them] The Butters knowses.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Oh brother!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,The video store. Yesss. Not far from here. We can show you wheres it is.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Where?!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"First, just let Butters sseee the precious."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"No, Butters. Look what it's done to you. It's made you even lamer than before."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,If that was possible.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Tell us how to get to the video store, Butters, or else we're gonna kick your ass!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,[puts up his arms to shield himself] Ha-a-a. No hurtses the Butters. [squats with his arms hanging over his knees] We will show you the way. Yesss. This way it is. [walks forward in a squatting manner]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The road. Randy, Sharon, Gerald and Sheila ride in the Marsh car, with Randy driving, and Stephen drives the Stotch car."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"This is awful! I just know with every passing minute, little Kyle is seeing more and more depraved sex acts!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"Well, we'll find them. A-and then we'll try to put what they saw into context."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Look! There's one of the boys now! [before them is Jimmy, fallen and asleep in the middle of the road. Randy steps on the brakes] Jimmy!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,[the adults jump out of their cars and approach him] Jimmy! Jimmy! [Jimmy awakens and looks up] Where did the boys go with the porno tape?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,They're taking it to the vi... the vi... the vii...
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Come on Jimmy, we don't have a lot of time."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,They took it back to the video s... the video s...
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,The video sandwich?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,The video stockyard.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"What's a video stockyard, Jimmy?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,"No, the video suh... the video s...tih..."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,Stinger?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Staples. They went to the video Staples. Where's that, Jimmy?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Jimmy,"N-n-no, you retards! The video s...tore!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Adults,The video store! [they go to their cars]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,Hurry! Hurry!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"I know where it is! [they get in their cars and peel off. (""When did the Broflovski station wagon arrive?"") Jimmy is left where he was when they arrived]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,Two Towers video store. The boys arrive out of breath and head for the front door.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Oh no! They're closed!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Closed?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,[off screen] There they are!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader 5,[the throng of sixth graders approach] Don't let them turn it back into the video store!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,We're screwed.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"[seeing a way out of this mess] Wait. A drop box. [goes to it and pulls down the door] Quick, Kyle, drop the movie in!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Finally. [he and Cartman move towards the box. Butters looks on] It's over.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,[now moving] Precious. Must have our precious. Waagh! [jumps on Kyle and runs off with the tape]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Butters! No!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,[now in the middle of the parking lot] Now wees hases it! [the sixth graders close in]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,They're coming!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[goes after Butters and tries to wrest the tape from him] It has to go back!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,It wantses to stay with the Butter kid.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"[a foot away] There it is! Give me that tape! [Butters holds on tight to the tape, smiling wide.]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[picks Butters up and carries him off] Let go of the tape, Butters!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,I'll never let go! [Stan opens the drop box and holds the door open]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Fine! [tosses him into the drop box]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,Precious! [Stan closes the door. The lead sixth grader leaps off his bike and rushes to the drop box]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Nooo! [reaches in and fishes around for it] No, nooo! [walks off in disgust and hits the window] Damnit! [the other sixth graders arrive]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader 1,"Aw man, now we'll never see the hot action."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,You stupid little fourth graders!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,The tape is returned to which it came. Its power over you shall fade as well.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Middle-earth is again safe.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Yeah? Well, that's not gonna stop us from kicking your asses!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Uh-oh.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The lead sixth grader approaches punching his left fist into his right hand. The other sixth graders move in alowly. Headlights appear and a car horn sounds. The sixth graders look at the cars, as do the boys. The cars pull to a stop short of the boys."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,Boys! Boys!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Crap! Parents! [gets on his bike and turns away] Come on, guys. [the sixth graders leave] We'll see you next time, fourthies!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,And perhaps they would. But for now the sixth grader army was defeated.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,There you are!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"Oh, Kyle! You're safe!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Oh hey guys, uh... We were just about to come home. We had to return the video."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"A-alright, now, now listen, kids. There's some things we need to put into context for you. You see, a man puts his penis into a woman's vagina for both love and pleasure. But sometimes the woman lays on top of the man facing the other way so that they can put each other's genitals in their mouths. [the boys are stunned] Uh, this is called ""69ing"" and it's normal."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"See boys, a woman is sensitive in her vagina and it... feels good to have a man's penis inside of it."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"That's right, but sometimes a woman chooses to use other things. Telephones, staplers, magazines. It's because the nerve endings in the vagina are so sensitive, it's like a fun tickle."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"Now, on to double penetration, boys. You see, sometimes when a woman has sex with more than one man, each man makes love to a different orifice."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,That's right. It's something adults can do with really good friends in a comfortable setting.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,It's also important that you understand why some people choose to urinate on each other.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Going number 1 or number 2 on your lover is something people might do, but you must make sure your partner is okay with it before you start doing it."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Gerald,"Okay, boys. Do you have any questions? [the boys are still stunned, but one of them finally speaks]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,...Wow. [another long moment of stunned silence]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Well, let's all get going."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sheila,"Yeah, come on boys. Time to get home. [the adults head for their cars, but the boys stay frozen in place]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,[turns around. Linda does as well] Wait a minute. Where's Butters?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Two Towers video store, inside the bin behind the drop box."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,[rises from the batch of videotapes that buried him] Wu-u-wees hases our preciouseses! Hases it... Hases it...
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,"Principal Victoria's office, day. Her door opens."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[enters with Mr. Hat on his hand] You wanted to see me, Principal Victoria?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"Yes, Mr. Garrison. Have a seat. [Mr. Garrison takes a seat] Mr. Garrison, sometime ago you asked to be promoted from teaching kindergarten back to the third grade."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,[flatly] I'm aware of that.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"I wanna come clean with you and tell you that back then some of us were uncomfortable with your sexual preferences. It was wrong of us, and I want to make it up to you."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, that's... really great to hear."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"As you know, the position of Fourth Grade teacher has become available, and we'd like to offer YOU the job."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[brightens] Oh, for real? You're not kidding?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"We in administration see now that you are an individual with your own preferences, and we respect that."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[rises from the chair with excitement] Oh, this is all just... this is a dream come true! [shakes her hand] Thank you, Principal Victoria! I'll do a great job!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,I know you will. [Garrison turns around and walks away smiling]
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[turns around] You're sure this is for real? I mean, I'm not gonna just get fired again for being gay tomorrow."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"[slight chuckle] It's for real, Mr. Garrison."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[slight chuckle, turns around and walks out the door] Oh-ho, great!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,With all the new laws we could never fire you for being gay now. You'd be able to sue us for millions of dollars.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Right uh- [stops in his tracks at the door's entrance, his smile turns to wonder. He turns around] Wha- ...what was that?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"Well, I was just saying that the policies have really changed. You know, we fire you for acting gay next time, you'd be able to sue the school district for ...lots of money."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"...Oh right, right, right, I... Huh-... how much money, exactly?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Principal Victoria,"[busy doing paperwork] Oh. Well, there was the case out in Minnesota where the guy was awarded... 25 million, I think."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Yeh-you don't say. [strokes his chin] Well thanks, uh, Principal Victoria. [walks out and closes the door] Holy Moly! I've gotta find a way to get fired for being gay!"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Scene Description,South Park Elementary.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay kids, I know the past few weeks have been really hard with the death of your teacher, Ms. Choksondik. [the kids erupt in laughter]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,Funny.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Mackey,"BUT... the principal has finally hired a teacher to take her place. So I want you all to give your best behavior to your new Fourth Grade teacher, Mr. Garrison. [the door opens and Garrison enters]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kids,AWWWW!!!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,Not him!
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you, Mr. Mackey."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Mackey,"[walks toward the door] Good luck, m'kay."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, now for those of you who are new, my name is [writes on the board] Mr. Garrison."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Butters,"Where is Mr. Hat, sir?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Well, I was informed that fourth graders are a little too old for Mr. Hat."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] Two-year-olds are too old for Mr. Hat.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"But it's okay because I found a new teacher's assistant. Say hello to... [the door opens again] Mr. Slave. [a strapping man enters. He wears a pink shirt, pale blue jeans; black leather vest, chaps and boots; police hat, strong jaw and mustache, and pouty lips]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,[preens] Hi kids. Hm.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"So that's [writes on the board] Mr. Slave. [Mr. Slave poses] The teacher's assistant. [Mr Slave smooths his mustache, then his hat] Or, as I like to write for short, the Teacher's Ass."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,[throws his arms forward] Oh Jesus Christ.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, Mr. Slave. Go sit until I need you. [Mr. Slave goes to sit down. Garrison spanks him as he passes by]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,Ugh.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[leans towards Craig, who pays attention] Dude, I think that Mr. Slave guy might by a... [glances back] Pakistani."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"I'm not saying the rest of the school year is going to be easy. In fact, it's going to be long and hard. [does motions for both words - the palms facing each other and pulling apart, then two fists] Really long and really hard. [emphasizes the motions]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Slave,[at a small teacher's desk reading a magazine] Oh Jesus Christ.
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[gleefully] Eheh, the first thing we're gonna be learning about is communist Russia. [erases the name on the board and begins writing the topic, starting with an S]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[begins making a paper plane involuntarily] No, Kenny. What are you doing, Kenny?"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[finishes writing ""STALIN""] Now, Stalin was a big silly when it came to..."
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Cartman,"[finishes the plane and aims it at Mr. Garrison] Kenny, no! Don't do it, Kenny! [fires the plane off. It hits the board and falls away]"
The Death Camp of Tolerance,Mr. Garrison,"[turns around and points] Eric, did you just throw a paper airplane?!"
