Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Really? You can? [The dirge turns hopeful.]
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Yes, of course! I mean, that much testing will cost a pretty penny but..."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,How much?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,Three thousand should cover it.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I don't have $3000.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,Oh. Never mind.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The bus stop, next day. Stan and Kyle are waiting."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Dude! I can't wait to win that $10,000 on America's Stupidest Home Videos. I'm gonna buy the coolest go-cart ever."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I'm gonna buy a Walkman with my half.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Depressed.] Hi guys.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"How's it going, Cartman?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Oh, fine. How are you guys?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kyle looks at Stan, both are worried."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Dude. What the hell is wrong with you?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Ohh. Nothing. It's just... nothing.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Come on, what's the matter, Cartman?"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Well, I wanna know who my dad is, but... to find out they have to do these DNA tests, and they cost $3000 and... I don't have $3000."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Wow. We're sorry your mom's a whore, dude."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Yeah, it sucks. I have to know who my father is, I just have to. Maybe I can work in a sweatshop for a while uh..."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle look at each other again, seeing who'll make a move first."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Well, see you guys. I'm gonna go stay in my backyard for a while."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Uuuh, Cartman. We know how you can get $3000."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Suddenly bright.] You do?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Yyeah. We have a videotape that's in the finals for America's Stupidest Home Videos, and... if we win, we'll give you - 3000 of out $10,000 prize."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"You will? Wow, you guys are the best! Thank you guys!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Uh, yyeah."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman's house that night. The boys are on the sofa.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,"And now, back to America's Stupidest Home Videos-"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,What kind of video did you guys make?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Uuh, you'll see."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Well, it's time to crown the $10,000 winner. Our judges have narrowed it down to only three videos-first it's... ""Dog Who Puts Hat On Master's Head."""
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Falsetto Bob Saget,"Oh, I'm a little dog. I'm just a little dog. [The dog picks up a hat and walks towards a man on a chair.] Hahaha. [Leaps up behind the man and drops the hat in place.] Hold on, I've got to put a hat on my master's head, [Jumps off, and the man turns to see the camera.] hehehahahuh."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The audience laughs. One woman with red curly hair is particularly tickled by the video.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"And now our second finalist, ""Little Boy Has A Tea Party."""
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman reacts to what he sees on screen, which is a video of his tea party two days before."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Why, thank you Polly Prissy Pants. You are my best friend."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Polly,"Oh, thank you, Eric."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The audience starts to laugh. Cartman is shocked, and Kyle, seeing Cartman's reaction, is afraid."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Boy! Looks like this kid needs some therapy! Heheheheheh, heheheh."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"We're sure to win, Cartman. Then you get your DNA money!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman's anger is beginning to build.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I... am... so... pissed... off... right... now.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,[Trying some encouragement] They laughed hardest at our video. We're gonna win!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Stan smiles, Kyle throws his arms up."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,We're gonna win!.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"And finally our third contestant, ""Young Child Gets Hit By A Train."""
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Falsetto Bob Saget,"Oh, I'm such a cute little kid."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"It is the scene where Kenny gets killed. Stan and Kyle are shocked, Cartman is angrier."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Falsetto Bob Saget,"Hmmm, I wonder if I can get this go-cart started."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The go-cart starts and pulls Kenny along 'round a corner, back again, into some tree, and finally onto the railroad tracks."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Falsetto Bob Saget,Oh! I hope I don't get hit by a train.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The train demolishes him.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Falsetto Bob Saget,"Ooooh, I sure did."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle are agape, and the audience roars with laughter."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oh my God, they videotaped killing Kenny!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,You bastards!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Now, that's what I call a joyride. Heeheeheeh."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The audience continues laughing.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"And the winner is, naturally, ""Little Boy Being Hit By A Train,"""
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Stan is stunned, Kyle is cross."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,Nnnnhnnnhnnnh.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The audience laughs harder.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Dude. We lost.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Dammit!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"[Slowly, deliberately.] I am going to fucking kill you guys, seriously."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Getting more livid with every word.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Stand up and take a bow, Mr. Marsh."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Grandpa,I won! I won!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Stan's eyes grow large.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,Grandpa!!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Bob Saget,"Our other finalists will have to settle for their $3000 runner-up prizes-well, see you next time."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,He chuckles as the show ends.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Did you hear that, dude? We still get $3000. That's enough for you to do your DNA test."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman is very livid now.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Kill... you... guys! Kill you guys!!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,South Park Genetic Engineering Ranch. Thunder and lightning abound.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"All right. From everyone's accounts, I've narrowed down Eric's possible father... to the people in this room: Officer Barbrady, Chef [Blinks up.], Jimbo [A bit shocked.], Mr. Garrison [Eyebrows up.], Ned, Chief Running Water, Gerald Broflovski [Surprised.], myself, my friend Kevin [Looks up at him.], or, the 1989 Denver Broncos."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Wow. I always knew Cartman's mom was a slut, but Goddamn!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,The test results are in this envelope.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman is hopeful.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,Shall I... open it?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"[Impatiently.] Yes! For God's sake, get on with it!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Erhum ehrum uh [Gasps.] The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is-"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,[An organ plays.] Who is Eric Cartman's father? Is it - Chief Running Water? [Looks askance.] Or is it - Chef? Is it Mephesto? [Looks around.] Or that little monkey guy that follows him around? Or is it Mr. Garrison?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,Nope. He's gay.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,You go to hell! You go to hell and you die!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,Is it Jimbo?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,[Aghast.] Daaagh!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,Or is Officer Barbrady?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,Huh?! Where?!
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,Or could it be Ned?
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Ned,Could be.
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,Or Mr. Broflovski??
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"[Pissed.] Dad, how could you?!"
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Announcer,"Or is it the 1991 Denver Broncos? The answer is coming on an all-new South Park, in just four weeks."
Cartman's Mom is a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Record scratches.] What?! [Enunciating] Son of a bitch!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,South Park.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer 1,"Since the last South Park, you've waited four long weeks to find out who the father of Eric Cartman is. Now, finally, the shocking truth about Cartman's lineage... will not be seen tonight, so that we can bring you the following special presentation."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,SPECIAL PRESENTATIONAPRIL FOOLS[A kazoo is heard.]'
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer 2,"[Theme music plays.] Now, get ready for Canada's hottest action stars,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip appear in turn.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer 2,Terrance and Phillip in HBC's Movie of the Week:
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The title comes into view and a heavy bass thump is heard.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer 2,Not Without My Anus. Based on a true story.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Canadian Courthouse 10:18 A.M. Dramatic music plays as the camera zooms in on the courthouse.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott the Dick,"Ladies and gentlemen, the case before you today is of a murderer. On the night in question, this monster entered the home of Dr. Jeffrey O'Dwyer and struck him repeatedly on the head with his hammer."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He demonstrates this
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"That monster is sitting right over there, and his name is Terrance!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Suspenseful notes play. Terrance farts and both he and Phillip laugh about it.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, Terrance, You farted in court."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Yes, Phillip. I'm making a case for our defense. [They laugh again.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"[Approaching the displays.] All of these things link Terrance to the murder: hair fibers, blood samples, nail clippings, a piece of his shirt,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A hole is seen on the left shoulder of Terrance's shirt. He quickly puts his right hand over it and looks around nervously.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"a watch with his initials on it, a day planner with the murder scheduled, a haiku called, Time to Kill Dr. Jeffrey O'Dwyer. ""Dr. O'Dwyer Time to have your head smashed in with my new hammer."""
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance is aghast at the mountain of evidence against him..
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Terrance, you may be a famous surgeon, but you're not God. J'accuse, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Would you like a monkey claw, Phillip?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Yes, please."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance farts and has the jury laughing.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,That's called the monkey claw because it feels like my colon is being ripped apart by a thousand monkeys.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,The monkey claw is smelly.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Judge,"[Bangs his gavels twice.] Come on, get a move on. I ain't gettin' any younger up here."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"My sentiments exactly, Your Honor. I see from your actions that you're southern Canadian."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Judge,That is correct.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Good people of the jury. My client, Terrance, is an innocent man. [Farts.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip, now you farted during the closing argument."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"I have, haven't I, Terrance?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He farts again. The jurors and Terrance laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Your Honor, the defense is trying to make a mockery of this court! They think that farts are funny, but they're not! [Thumps the table.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Judge,[Gavels] Sustained.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Good people of the jury. My client, Terrance, is no more a murderer than you or me. He loves puppies and hates mean things. Would a murderer go to the zoo and feed animals like this?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Shows a picture of Terrance feeding a llama. The jury is silent.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Of course not. So in summation, find Terrance innocent. Or else he'll kill you."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The jury gasps softly. Terrance and Phillip laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Just kidding.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance is laughing so hard he thumps the table twice.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,The defense rests.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Phillip returns to his table, farting on Scott on the way over. The jurors and audience laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Goddammit! That isn't funny!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Judge,"Madame Foreperson, have you reached a verdict so we can get the hell outta here?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Madame Foreperson,"We have, Your Honor. We have found Terrance, in the above entitled action of murder against Dr. Jeffrey O'Dwyer--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance farts, then laughs. Phillip joins in."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Judge,You're gonna have to repeat that verdict because we have some flatulence issues.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Madame Foreperson,"I said, we find--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance farts.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Madame Foreperson,We find Terrance--
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip fart.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Madame Foreperson,Not guilty!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Did you hear that, Terrance? You're not guilty."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip, you saved me from the gas chamber."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"They look at each other for a moment, and laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Outside the courthouse. Terrance and Phillip descend the steps, which are lined with news crews ready to interrogate anyone who wants to talk."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"That sure was fun, Phillip. Let's go home and eat Kraft Dinner."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Hear hear.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"[Coming over.] Well, looks like you got away with it, Terrance and Phillip!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, hello, Scott. No hard feelings, right, old pal?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,There are hard feelings! This isn't over. I'm going ta see to it that you both pay for what you've done. And do you know why?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,'Cause you're a dick?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"No, Because I hate you. You think farting is so funny. Well, it isn't!! Fart jokes are the lowest form of comedy, and if I--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip farts; he and Terrance laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Ugh! I hate you both! I've hated you ever since I could remember! I hate you, and I wish you both had cancer."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The laughter stops quick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Cancer?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Yes. In the head.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Head cancer?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"This is not the end, Terrance and Phillip! You'll rue this day! [Leaves.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Wow, Scott really hates us, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Yes, perhaps he's homophobic."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"[Wondering.] But we're not gay, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,We're not? [The news crews leave.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, let us board the subway and return home. There we can eat Kraft Dinner."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Yes. It's been a long day, and only Kraft Dinner can calm my nerves."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"On the subway, Terrance and Phillip are alone. Phillip farts, and they both laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Say, Phillip, why does Scott always try to convict me of murder? He does it every week."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,He sure does seem to hate us. I wonder what he'll try to do next.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,God only knows.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"The subway certainly is wonderful, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,It sure is. Let's look for treasure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Yes, let's look for treasure."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"This is a luxurious subway. There are compartments between the seats into which one may put belongings and such. Terrance opens the compartment to his left, and Phillip the one to his right. Phillip then opens the one to his left and they both look in."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Scott's House 11:57 A.M. The phone rings and Scott answers.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Hello?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Voice,"Hello, Is this Scott, from Canada?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Yess, yes it is."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Voice,"You're a Journalist, right?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Yes. I'm a television critic for a magazine.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Voice,I understand that you hate Terrance and Phillip.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The voice is in a dark room, seated in a high-backed chair, turned away from the camera."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Yes! Yes I do! They think that fart jokes are a sophisticated form of comedy, but they're not!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Voice,"Well, what about I help you get rid of them once and for all?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Who is this?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Voice,"Let's just say that I'm someone who can help you, if you help me."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The chair swivels 'round and a familiar face appears...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Voice,"Just call me your old pal, Saddam Hussein."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Surprised.] Saddam Hussein? The Iraqi dictator?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A Republican Guard stands at either side of Saddam.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam Hussein,"Eey, relax guy. I'm just your average Joe. Take a rest."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,What do you want?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"You want Terrance and Phillip out of Canada, I want you to bring me and my friends in to Canada. That sounds like a fair trade, doesn't it? Super! Let's get started."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,I'm not sure I should trust you.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Eeeeeeyy, relax guy! Trust me!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Saddam grins. Scott looks uncertain.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip reach home.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well. It's too bad we didn't find any treasure on the subway, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Someone approaches.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh. Hello, Ugly Bob."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Hello, Terrance. Hello, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"My God, you're looking hideously ugly today, Ugly Bob."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,How can you guys say stuff like that?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Because you're God-damned ugly, Bob."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"I know, but--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Ugly Bob, your face looks like somebody tried to put out a forest fire with a screwdriver."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"I can't help how I look. Besides, it's not what on the outside that matters, it's what's on the inside."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,No it isn't. [They laugh.] Wanna see what's on the inside of me?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance farts. They laugh about it. Bob is unfazed.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Wait wait. I've got an idea. Why don't you put this paper bag over your head, Ugly Bob?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Yes.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip slips the bag over Bob's head.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"If people can't see your face, they won't know how wretchedly ugly you are."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Really? Hey, thanks, you guys. Maybe now I can score with chicks."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Sure you can, Ugly Bob. If they can't see how horribly disfigured you are, they'll want to sleep with you."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Thanks, you guys."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They part ways.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip's House 12:20 P.M.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Hello Barky. Hello Purry.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Barky,"Bark, bark."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Purry,"Purr, purr."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Say Terrance, I was just aboot to make some Kraft Dinner. Would you like some?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"You know I never turn down Kraft Dinner, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance farts. He and the animals laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I'm going to put on a pirate costume.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance goes to his room. The door bell rings. Phillip opens the door.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Delivery man,Special delivery for Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He smokes a pipe. The delivery is a letter.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,I'll take that.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Delivery man,"Sign here, and here, and here, and here, and here. [Signs all the forms.] And here. [Signs the last one.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Ooh, Terrannce! [The delivery man leaves.] You got a letter!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"[Now dressed as a pirate.] Shiver me timbers, Phillip. At this rate I'll never get to my Kraft Dinner. [Reads the letter.] Oh my God!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"What is it, Terrance? Did you fart?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,No! It's Sally. She's being held captive in Iran.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Not Sally! Dear God, no, Terrance! Why Sally? God, why? Say, Terrance, who's Sally?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,My daughter.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"I never know you had a daughter, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, yes. Didn't I mention that, me hearty?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"No, you never did, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Oh. Well. It all began fifteen years ago.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,44 HOURS LATER...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"My God, what a fascinating story, Terrance. Especially the part aboot Celine Dion."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Yes, indeed. [Takes off the hat.] But now my little Sally is being held captive in Iran. [Takes off the eye patch.] And I will have to go and find her."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Then I'll go with you, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"You're such a good friend, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Well, you know what they say: A friend in need is a friend with Kroff Dinner."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Avast there, mateys."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine Dion's House 1:15 P.M. Terrance arrives and rings the doorbell.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hello, Celine Dion."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Terrance, this is quite a surprise."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're looking well.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,And you.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Celine, where is our daughter, Sally?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"She's in the Middle East, studying anthropology. Why?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Wrong. She's been taken hostage, and is now being held prisoner."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,What?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Phillip and I are going to Iran to find her, but we may never return."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"[Gasps.] Oh, Terrance. What happened to us?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"We just grew apart, Celine Dion. [He turns to leave.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Please, bring our daughter home safe, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He farts and they both laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Canadian Airport 11:05 A.M. Terrance and Phillip are there to purchase tickets to Iran.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Hello, Ugly Bob."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Hi, guys."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,How's the paper bag working out?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,People seem to really like it. I even have a date this Friday.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Terrific! We need two tickets for Tehran, please."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,Tehran is dangerous. You guys shouldn't go there!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Dammit man! [Bangs on the counter.] Danger or no, I'm going to help my friend find his daughter!!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance laughs nervously.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"All right, then. There's a flight leaving today."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh good. Well, I certainly am going to miss Canada, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"In-deed, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Terrance, if I die whilst in Iran, please bring my body back to Canada, and bury me in a box with a side of Kroff Dinner."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Same here, Phillip!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"O Ca-nada, Our home and native land,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance/Phillip,"True patriot love, In all thy sons' command,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Small Group,"[Terrance, Phillip, Ugly Bob, and two others] With glowing hearts we see thee rise,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Middling Group,"[Four more...] The True North, strong and free"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Larger Group,"[The folks at the kiosk join in.] From far and wide, O Canada, We stand on guard for thee,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd,God keep our land...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Scott peeks out from behind a corner, talking to Saddam on a cell phone."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Scott to Red Dragon, come in, Red Dragon."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Go ahead, guy. This is Red Dragon."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,The plan is working perfectly. Terrance and Phillip have taken the bait.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Excellent! My buddies and I are ready to come to Canada. Has everything been arranged?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Yes. Everything's proceeding according to plan. Now you promised that when Terrance and Phillip arrive they'll be ripped into pieces and shot several times.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Hey, relax, guy. I'm gonna keep my side of the bargain."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Roger, Red Dragon. Scott out."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He puts the phone away.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"[To himself.] I've got you now, you fart-lovin' fart-lovers."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"On the flight to Tehran, Terrance and Phillip leave British Columbia, fly over the western and southwestern U.S., and over the Gulf of Mexico. Over the Yucatan Peninsula Terrance farts, they laugh, and the plane turns towards the Atlantic."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I Got Ya.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"They laugh again. Over the Pyrenees, Phillip farts, the plane moves towards North Africa, then turns again for Italy."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Burned your face.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The plane heads for Egypt, where another fart forces it towards the Black Sea. Once they cross it, another fart forces the plane to cross the Black Sea again..."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Ow, that's rancid. Hahahahaha."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,It then turns towards Iran when it is in southern Turkey. It lands in...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Tehran 2:30 P.M. Terrance and Phillip walk among the crowds in the city.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip. How will we ever find my fugitive daughter in this daunting place? We don't speak the language, we are unwelcome strangers, and we have no idea where to begin."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, look. There she is."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He points at a girl wearing a yellow dress and pink bow - not Arab dress in the least.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, good."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They make their way to her.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Sally,Goo. Where?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"I'm here, Sally. It's your father, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He picks her up in his arms.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I'm here to save you from your smelly Arabian captors.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Sally,Pa-pa.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Say, she looks a lot more like Celine Dion than you, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Sally farts.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, now I see the resemblance!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, enough of Iran, let's get home."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,On the flight home she farts again and Terrance and Phillip laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Canadian Airport 3:45 P.M. The plane lands.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, now that I have my bastard daughter back, I feel like going to Celine Dion's house and asking her to marry me again."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, raspberries, looks like I'm losing a friend."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"No, you're gaining a pop vocalist."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip notices something.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Oh my God! [Terrance looks.] What is this?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"There are pictures of Saddam Hussein plastered all over the city, and ominous music plays."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Is this Canada?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,It seems to have changed.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,This is madness!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"What's going on, Phillip? How can Canada have changed so much whilst we were gone?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"I don't know, Terrance. And who is that smelly person in all these pictures?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,I must take my bastard daughter back to Celine Dion and see what she has to say.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Celine Dion's House 4:02 P.M. Terrance and Phillip arrive with Sally. Terrance knocks, and Celine opens the door."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Celine, I brought our daughter Sally back, and I want to tell you that--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Terrance, ha, could you come back a little later?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Why?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Ah, I'm just a little busy right now."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"You've got a man over, don't you, Celine Dion?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Well, I..."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Ugly Bob comes out behind her.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,Hi guys.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh my God, it's Ugly Bob!!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,What the hell are you doing here?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,I'm doing Celine Dion; what's it look like?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Celine Dion, what have you done? I was going to make us a family again, but now you've slept with Ugly Bob!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"What do you mean? Why are you calling him ""Ugly Bob""?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Because that's his name, you stupid bitch!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,She turns to Ugly Bob.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"You told me your name ""Handsome Bob""!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Look at him, Celine Dion."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance pulls the bag off.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,Aaaaaaaaaaaagggggghhhhh!!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Behold his horrible face.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Oh my God, he's hideously ugly! And I am pregnant with his child!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,What?! Nooooooooooooooooo!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,I'm going to have a freak baby!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Ohh, the humanity!!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Saddam Hussein's Canadian HQ. 4:03 P.M. Scott enters the cabin.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Hey, Saddam. You helped me get rid of Terrance and Phillip, and I appreciate that, but why are framed pictures of you going up all over Canada?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Huh? Oh that? Don't worry, guy, you just need a rest."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,...No I don't need a rest!! I want to know what this is all aboot.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Hey, relax, fella. I'm just making it so that Terrance and Phillip can never come back to Canada again. I just need a couple of days, and then I'm gonna head back to Iran."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,I thought you were from Iraq.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Iran, Iraq, what the hell's the difference? Relax, guy!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Downtown Canada 4:04 P.M. Saddam's troops are filing past the buildings as Terrance and Phillip look on. Terrance farts and the two laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Phillip, I'm convinced that something very very not good is happening to Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Yes. I agree whole-fartedly.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They laugh. Scott rushes up to them.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Hey, what the hell are you guys doing here?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, hello, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"You're not supposed to be here, you're supposed to be in Iran looking for your kidnapped--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Puts left hand to mouth.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Ah, I mean, how are you guys today?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Wait, what were you saying?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Nothing, why?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hey, Scott. Guess what?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,What?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance farts and they laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Aargh! I hate you more than ever, Terrance and Phillip! I absolutely abhor you both!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He then puts his fists forth and concentrates mightily on them. They simply stand back.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"What are you doing, Scott?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,I'm wishing cancer upon you.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Cancer?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,That's right. I'm trying to give you cancer with my mind.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Ooh, stop that!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"He grabs Phillip as a shield, then pulls him back."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Hey, don't give me cancer!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Scott advances.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Saddam Hussein's Canadian HQ. 4:05 P.M. Two U.S. Army Officials arrive.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,"Mr. Hussein, the U.S. Government is becoming worried."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Worried? Aboot what? Take a load off, relax."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,You seem to be... taking over Canada.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Taking over Canada? Me? Eeeyy, you need a rest, fella. I'm not hiding any bombs."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,We didn't say anything about bombs.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Oh. You didn't? Hey, relax."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,"We're giving you just three years to clear your forces out of Canada, and after that, we're gonna bomb all of Iran."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,I'm from Iraq.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,U.S. Army official,"Iran, Iraq, what's the difference?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The officials leave.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Guard on right,"Euugh. I hate Americans. Please, let me kill them!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"No, no. You need to relax, guy. Remember the plan: first we take over Canada, then we'll have to go after the female pop vocalist. After that, we'll take over the U.S., then Europe, then China, then Newfoundland, then the world!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He laughs wickedly and rolls all over his desk.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Returning.] What's so funny!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Nothing! Relax, brother."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Saddam, Terrance and Phillip are back in Canada!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Oh, really?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You promised me they'd be gone for good! That was your part of the bargain!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,[Thumps his desk.] I changed my mind. [Thumps his desk again.] Pray that I don't change it any further.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The guard on the right cocks his machine gun and Scott is chagrined.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,This deal's getting worse all the time.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip's House 4:06 P.M. They are at home eating Kroff Dinner on the sofa.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Hey, Terrance, let's watch American television."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Yes. We can get satellite feed from the U.S. and watch all their stupid T.V. shows.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Oh look. Here's a show. [Jerry Springer.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Woman 1,...well fuck you.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Woman 2,Arrrggghh! [Lunges at woman 1.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Springer,And this is what life would be like...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,It's so stupid!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Goddamn, their TV shows are lame!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,The next show they see is South Park.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Mephesto,"The father of Eric Cartman is indeed, someone in this room. The father is--"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip laugh over the line.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Look at their silly American heads.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,They look like groundhogs.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Cartman,He's my father?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip clicks a new channel.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Anchor,"And in other news it appears that Saddam Hussein has finally signed an agreement to let the U.S. inspect his military operations. When asked if he would uphold his side of the agreement, Hussein replied, quote: ""Hey, relax, fella. You need a rest, guy."""
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hey, Phillip. Isn't that the smelly gentleman we've seen in pictures all over town?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Yes it is, Terrance. According to that newsie, he's some kind of Turkish dictator."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, we just can't sit here and eat Kroff Dinner and let Canada be overrun by the Turks!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The phone rings, and they laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"That fart sounded like a ringing phone, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"It sure did, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The phone rings again, and Terrance looks."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, wait. That is the phone."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He sets his plate aside and gets up to answer it.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Hello?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Terrance, this is Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh. [To Phillip.] Hey, it's Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He covers the receiver while Phillip answers.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Tell him he's a smelly bastard.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Phillip says hello, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Just shut up and listen. You've unleashed a monster onto Canada! And only you can get rid of him, even though I hate you, and I wish you had cancer."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"You are such a dick, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Pause.] You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,You're a dick.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,The two of you are the most annoying dicks in Canada. You give other Canadians a bad name. And if I had my hair-
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"I'm sorry, Scott. Could you hold on a minute?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Sure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance raises his left leg, places the receiver between his legs, and farts on it. He and Phillip laugh as he lowers his leg."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"How do you like that, Scott?!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,You son of a bitch! I'll get you if it's the last thin--
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh wait, I have another call on, Scott. Can you hold on?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Sure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance raises his left leg, places the receiver between his legs, and farts on it. He lowers his leg and resumes talking."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, that was Sir Smelly. He says 'hello.'"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Goddammit!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, wait a second, Scott."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Sure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance raises his left leg...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"I mean, no! You listen to me! If you want to save Canada, you'll meet me at Karl's Kroff Dinner Restaurant in half an hour. [Hangs up.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine Dion's House 4:07 P.M. Celine Dion and Ugly Bob are back in bed.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Oh, Ugly Bob, I'm so confused. I love your personality, but you are so wretchedly ugly."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,She puffs on a cigarette.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,Maybe the baby will have your face instead of mine.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,We can only hope. I suppose we'll be okay as long as you keep that bag on your head.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Three Republican Guards burst through the bedroom door, and Saddam follows."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,What's this?! [Gasps.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"He-yy there. I'm Saddam Hussein. I'm a big fan of Polo. I've been searching a long time for you, Celine Dion."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Oh no, you don't. She's my bitch."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Eh! Who are you?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"I'm Bob. But my friends call me ""Ugly Bob"", because I have the features of a deformed burn victim."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Really? I thought all Canadians looked alike. Let me see.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Bob takes off the bag and everybody in the room screams.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Well, I'm sorry, guy. You know, I could cure that face of yours."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Bob and Celine now look at him.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,You can?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Sure! I just need a favor. There is a Canadian football game tomorrow: the Ottawa Roughriders vs. the Vancouver Roughriders. It is at that game that I will officially turn the Canadian flag over to my Iranian one.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,What? Why?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"Hey! Don't worry about that. Take a load off, don't worry about it. Look over here. All I need is for Celine Dion to sing our Iranian national anthem at the game - to finalize my hostile takeover of Canada. What do you say?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"Did you say, ""hostile takeover of Canada""?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"No, no, relax there, fella!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine takes another bag and places it over Bob's head.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Karl's Kroff Dinner Palace 4:36 P.M. Terrance and Phillip are there. So are some pictures of Saddam.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, Scott said to meet him here, but he's not showing up."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Phillip farts and they laugh.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Well, while we're waiting, why don't we search for treasure?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Oh. Good idea. Let's search for treasure.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Phillip looks around, but Terrance ends up looking at his feet."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,[Arrives.] What are you idiots doing?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,We're looking for treasure!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Is that some kind of metaphor for a kind of search that can't be described?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"No, we're searching for treasure."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Listen. I have an inside scoop. There's an Iraqi dictator who is quietly and slowly taking over Canada.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Yes. You mean Saddam Smelly. We saw him on the telly.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Well, what are you two gonna do aboat it?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,What do you mean?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,It's your fault that he's here! You brought the Iraqis back with you on your plane when you rescued your kidnapped daughter! [they gasp.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"You mean, we are to blame?!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"That's right. And now you must make amends. Tomorrow, Saddam will try to finalize his takeover of Canada, at the Roughriders-Roughriders football game. It will be your only shot at wiping them all out. Here, take this."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He hands him a box with a watch face on it.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,What is this?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"It's a bomb. You must strap it to yourselves, go to the game, and sacrifice your lives to take out Saddam's minions."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,That plan's scary!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Well, you must do it for Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"For Canada, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A display of solidarity begins. He puts his arm behind Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"For Canada, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance puts his arm behind Phillip. Then they let go and leave.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"Yes, Terrance and Phillip. And when the dust is settled, Canada will be rid of both: the Iraqis and your immature fart humor."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Phillip's House 12:20 P.M.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well. Phillip, I am very sad that we have to die for Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Yes. This bomb will blow us both to smithereens. But we really have no choice. Only our deaths can bring Canada life.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Terrance farts, and they laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,That's funny!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Hey! Wait a minute. That fart gives me pause.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Why is that?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"That smelly Saddam Hussein. He uses germ and chemical warfare, does he not?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Yes. Apparently, he does."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Terrance! Get the phone book! We must call every Canadian we can!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip. It sounds like you have an idea."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"I do, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Phillip picks up the receiver and dials away... Barky comes up and farts, then leaves. Terrance and Phillip laugh."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Canada Stadium 11:32 A.M.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer,"And the Roughriders are giving the Roughriders a run for their money! [Not if the score is valid: 28-7.] All else aside, I must say that the Roughriders [To his right.] are simply outmatched by these Roughriders [To his left. Red and blue Roughriders go after the football and time runs out. A horn blows and the referee blows his whistle.] And that's going to take us to halftime. Be sure to stick around for the halftime show: Saddam and the Electric Iraqis in a salute to hostile takeovers!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"A long platform is put together from two shorter ones, each one having half the Canadian flag. The flag is made whole when the platforms are put together. A band plays and walks across the field and the crowd cheers."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Well, I guess it's time, old friend."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,Yes. Prepare the alert!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Saddam climbs onto the platform with some difficulty, then rights himself and takes the microphone."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Hello to my Canadian friends. Everybody relax. Take a rest. Lift your feet up. Those Dogs Are Barking.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"He waits for a reaction, but none comes."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,"You may have noticed some changes to your country. Don't worry about that, the changes will continue. I'm here to announce once and for all that Canada will now be known as ""New Baghdad!"" Qoloh Qalah!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A Canadian flag is taken down from its pole and an Iraqi one put up in its place. An Iraqi one is placed over the Canadian one on the platform. The audience gasps.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,You will bow down to me as your ruler! You will obey my laws or you will be killed!!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine Dion and Ugly Bob are standing by as Saddam laughs derisively.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,And now you will sing the Iraqi national anthem...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A guard nudges Celine towards the microphone with the tip of his machine gun.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Or you will be stabbed in the head!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,Shtud balaa shtud inca inca brusht...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Now, Phlllip?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phlllip,"Now, Terrance."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,He puts on his gas-mask while Terrance brings out a bugle and sounds the alert. Everyone in the stadium then puts on masks.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Saddam,Hey!! What the hell is this?
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Celine puts on her mask.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine,Freh kashu kaliakaliakatchut...
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"People all around the stadium turn around and start to drop trousers, and fart. One man stands on his hands, leaving his derriere high in the air with legs spread open. A brown cloud starts to form over the stadium and it descends into the gridiron. Saddam starts to gag."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Guard,They're using chemical warfare! How could they?!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,More brown clouds sweep across the field and seem to sweep Saddam along with them. He stumbles to the edge of the platform and the crowd cheers loudly. He finally falls and the clouds start to lift away. The Iraqi flag falls off the side of the platform as the people remove their masks and cheer some more.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"We did it, Phillip! We destroyed the Turks!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"Oh, Glorious Day!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Some people come down and start kicking Saddam around. Bob and Celine take off their masks while holding hands. She takes her hand away and quickly places a paper bag on Bob's head. A woman takes Saddam's left arm, a man takes his head. Terrance and Phillip come down from their seats and rush to the platform, and all stadium seats are now empty. Terrance and Celine hold hands."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"Phillip, Terrance! You've saved Canada!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Ooh, it was all Phillip's idea."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,They progress to full embrace.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Ugly Bob,"God bless you, Phillip. [Embraces him.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"[Pulls away.] Don't touch me, Ugly Bob!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"[Walking up.] Hey, What the hell happened? You were supposed to be blown up!"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Phillip,"We came up with a better plan. You see, Scott, after all your criticism, it was farting that saved Canada."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Oh! That is so juvenile!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,Terrance and Celine have let go of each other.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,"Hey, Scott, you like apples?"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,Of course!
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,[Farts on him.] How do you like them apples? [Laughs heartily.]
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scott,"I hate you, Terrance and Phillip!!! [Goes away.]"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Terrance,Oh Celine Dion. You never finished that national anthem.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"You're right, Terrance. You're right."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,She walks forth and grabs the microphone
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Celine Dion,"O Canada, our home and native land,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"Celine, Terrance, Bob, Phillip, and people on the field"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd,True patriot love in all thy sons command
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Large Crowd,"With glowing hearts we see thee rise, the True North, strong and free,"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,A man uses Saddam's head like that of a dummy and provides a falsetto for it. The words scroll across the scoreboard.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd outside,"From far and wide, O Canada, we stand on guard for thee God keep our land glorious and free Oh, Canada we stand on guard for thee"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The camera pulls away from the stadium, and then from Canada, as if on a plane. More crowds are seen, then some cabins, some mountains, and finally a moose."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Crowd,"Oh, Canada we stand on guard for thee"
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,"The whole scene is now framed in a maple-leaf outline, with the moose in the center grazing. He looks up. When the anthem ends Terrance farts once more and laughs away. His laughter echoes."
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Scene Description,End credits roll and theme music plays.
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus,Announcer 1,"Who is Eric Cartman's father? Find out on an all new South Park, in just a few weeks."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,South Park.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 2,"Previously, on South Park: an air of sobriety fills the laboratory as the men of South Park gather to find out which one of them fathered this boy."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A shot of Cartman chowing down on cookies and milk.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,"Who is Eric Cartman's father? At the end of this episode, you will know the answer."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Opening warning and theme song. Much has been added. Then the episode resumes at the laboratory.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"And now, to continue, the father is indeed someone in this room."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Man, this feels like the longest minute of my life."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Kenny is restored to the story line. Kyle notices.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oooh- hey, Kenny."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto,"Gentlemen, the father is..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The lights go out.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, what the hell's going on?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,It's a power outage!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Two gunshots, then a body is heard falling. The lights go back on and the men settle down."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Is everybody okay? That sounded like a gunshot!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Oh my God, look!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Mephesto lies shot on the floor, his ass-headed cane next to him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kenny,"(Oh my God, they killed Mephesto!)"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,You bastards!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Mephesto's been shot.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Everyone gathers around Mephesto.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Is he ...dead?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Jimbo and Ned stand near a newly broken window.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Hey! This window is shot out, too! That means the killer was not someone in this room!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Then who was it?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who shot Mephesto? Was it the school counselor? Or was it Ms. Crabtree? Or was it--
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Ey! Wait a minute! I didn't find out who my father was!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Or was it Sheila Broflovski?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,[Listening to Mephesto's chest.] Waait! [Getting up.] He's still breathin'! He's not dead.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,[Grabbing Mephesto's shirt.] Goddammit! Who's my father?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,[About to lift Mephesto.] We've got to get him to the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,You've got to be kidding me!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Come on, children!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Chef carries Mephesto out the door. Cartman follows.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Eeeehh..!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Gerald Broflovski,"Oh, that poor kid. It must be hell for him going through all this."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Ms. Cartman sighs deeply and moves away.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,There's a murderer free in South Park. We have to find out who it is before they kill again.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,Yeah. God only knows who they'll kill next.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who will they kill next? Will it be Jimbo? Barbrady? The Denver Broncos?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Chef is driving up a hill with the kids and Mephesto.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Is he awake yet?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,[Checking.] He's bleeding pretty bad back here.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Don't let him bleed on my Meredith Baxter-Birney memorial towel.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,What's a Meredith Baxter-Birney memorial towel?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,I actually was with Meredith Baxter-Birney in this very car. And afterwards we used that towel to... [Mad at himself.] Wait a minute. Why am I telling you this?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Could you pull over so I can get out?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,What? We have to get to the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,I have to get out first. I'm not gonna make it; I can't stand hospitals.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Sorry, Stan. We just gotta drop Mephesto off and then we can get outta there, alright?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Man, it's really starting to snow."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The scene outside is filled with snow falling as Chef drives by.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I hope they don't close the roads.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,They can't. Mephesto can't die.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Maybe it's better you don't know who your father is, Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"No way, dude! I can't stand to leave things unfinished. It's like when you hear the first part of that song, ""Come Sail Away"", by Styx. If I hear the first part of that song, I have to finish it."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Really?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Yeah, du-I can't do anything until it's done."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Kyle looks at Stan, who looks back. Kyle begins."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I'm sailing away...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,No! Don't!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Set an open course for the virgin sea...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman tries to resist, but the pull is just too strong."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Eh--
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Two short gasps follow, then Cartman races through..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"For I've got to be free, Free to face the life that's ahead of me, On board I'm the captain, so climb aboard, We'll search for tomorrow, on every shore, And I'll try, oh lord, I'll try to carry on, Maymaynemay Maymaynemay Maymaynemay Maymaynemay, A gathering of angels appeared above my head, They sang to us this song of hope, And this is what they said, Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads, Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The car passes a sign for Hell's Pass Hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"I thought that they were angels, but to my surprise We climbed about their starship and headed for the skies Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Cartman is out of breath, breathing heavily, Chef keeps driving."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"City Hall, first night. Sheila, Officer Barbrady, Sharon, and Jimbo are assembled before the Mayor."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"What are we gonna do, Mayor? This killer is on the loose!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Sheila,We can't even leave our homes for fear of our children's safety.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Sharon,Uh... Where are our children?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,They look around.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"Officer Barbrady, let's pretend for one second that we had a competent law enforcer in this town: what would he do?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Hmmm... That's a good question, Mayor. Let me get right on that with thinking."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,A man and his boom mic operator rush in.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Man,Mayor! Mayor!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[Aside to an aide.] The press is here.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Sid Greenfield,My name is Sid Greenfield. I'm the director from Los Angeles for America's Most Wanted.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[Amazed.] Youuu certainly made it up here quickly.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,We're desperate for stories.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,The boom mic operator thumps him.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,A-and this one is so compelling.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,[Aroused.] Really??
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Sure. This story has everything. People. Furniture. Talking-ih it's a real American story.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Hey, I thought of something. [Close-up.] Uh... no, wait, that's subtraction."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Director person, what exactly do you want to do?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Jimbo,"Mayor, shouldn't we be focusi--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,Shh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"We just want to do a recreation of the story for our show. Then we'll flash a number on the screen that people can call if they have any information regarding the identity or location of the shooter. That's it. You win, we win, America wins."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,Are you sure this wouldn't make our little town look dangerous?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Don't worry, Mayor. America's Most Wanted is not about violence, it's about family."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cameraman,It is?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mayor McDaniels,"[Thoughtfully.] Weelll, in that case, I guess it's okay!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Great! We'll get started with auditions immediately. What part should we cast first?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Announcer 1,Who will the director cast first? Will it be Mr. Garrison? Officer Barbrady? Chef?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"At the Unplanned Parenthood Clinic, it is snowing."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,I want to have... an abortion.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Uoh well, we can do that. This must be a very difficult time for you, Mrs..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Cartman. Yesuh- it's such a hard decision, but I just don't feel I can raise a child in this screwy world."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Yes, Ms. Cartman. If you don't feel fit to raise a child, then abortion probably is the answer. Do you know the actual time of conception?"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,About eight years ago.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"[Processing.] ...I sseee, so the fetus is..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,Eight years old.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Ms. Cartman, uh- eight years old is a little late to be considering abortion."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,Really?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Yes, this is what we would refer to as the ""fortieth trimester""."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,But I just don't think I'm a fit mother.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Wuh... But we prefer to abort babies a little- ...earlier on; in fact, there's a law against abortions after the second trimester."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Well, I think you need to keep your laws off of my body."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Receptionist,"Hmmmmm. Tsk, I'm afraid I can't help you, Ms. Cartman. If you want to change the law, you'll have to speak with your congressman."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"[Rises from the chair.] Well, that's exactly what I intend to do. Good day!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"She leaves, meanwhile at the Hell's Pass Hospital, Chef and the children have arrived."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,"Come on, children! We've gotta find a doctor! [Kenny follows him in.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"[Stops.] Ugh. I can't do it, dude. [Kyle and Cartman pass him.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Come on, Stan. Hospitals aren't all that bad."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Yeah, stop being a wuss!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Operating room. A patient lies on the table, and the doctor is being assisted by a female nurse with no arms below the elbow. Chef and the kids enter."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Doctor!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"One moment, please. Nurse, I need 20 cc's of sodium pentathol, stat!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,She reaches for the syringe and grabs it with her mouth.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Whoa, dude! She doesn't have any arms!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"We're an equal-opportunity employer here, son."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"She spits out the syringe, and he catches it along the cartridge end."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Doctor! We've got a shot cracker outside!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"I'll be right with you, right after I inject this man with a long needle."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,[Pained.] Oh man. [Grabs his stomach.] I'm gonna be sick.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"There there, young man. Medical science is nothing to be afraid of."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Squeezes out any air left in the syringe. A few drops escape, and he rams the needle into the man's side."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Oogh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Scraping sounds are now heard.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Nurse,"Ooooo, I think you're hitting the bone."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Ooooogh.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor is still driving the syringe.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,Yes. I can hear the needle scraping against the bone inside.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Blood starts bursting from the injection site.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Oops, he's hemorrhaging."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"A burst lands next to Stan, who is wide-eyed at this point."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,Aghh!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,[Plop.] Ooo! His head fell off.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,I'm gotta get outta here!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,Stan!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Ugh, some people just have a weak stomach."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,America's Most Wanted temporary set.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Greenfield is accompanied by his assistant in the auditorium.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Tryout,"And the father of Eric Cartman is... Bang! Oh, Jiminy! I've been shot! [Drops the cane.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Oh, thank you very much. We'll get back to you. [The actor departs.] I think I've seen enough genetic engineers. Let's move on to the auditions for the part of Mister-uhh Garrison."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Assistant,Call the Mr. Garrison auditions!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Garrison 1,"Boy, I sure hope I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat 1,"[Just a sock with two purple disks for eyes.] You can say that again, Mr. Garrison!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Alright, not bad. Let's keep him on the top pile. Next!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,"I sure hope that I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat,"You can say that again, Mr. Garrison!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Thank you! Next!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Garrison,[Shocked.] What?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Next!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison leaves, dejected, as another actor enters."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Garrison 2,"[An actor with a deep voice.] I sure hope that I'm not Eric Cartman's father, Mr. Hat."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mr. Hat 2,"[A fist with a face drawn on it.] You can say that again, Mr. Garrison."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Perfect! You got it! Let's move on to the Chefs!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison stands dumbstruck. Meanwhile Liane is in bed with her congressman.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"...And so you see, Congressman O'Reilly, that's why I think abortion laws should be changed."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,O'Reilly,"Well, all I know is that third-trimester abortions are illegal. I don't really know anything about 40th."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,But the person at Unplanned Parenthood said you were who I had to talk to about changing the law.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,O'Reilly,"No- No, I think youah gotta talk to the governor about that stuff."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Liane,"Oh, dear."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Back at the hospital, Mephest is still on the operating table, sedated."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Well, this is about all I can do for him."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,Can't you get him to talk? I have to know who my father is.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Sorry, son, it might be a while."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Cartman bounds atop Mephesto and begins slapping him around.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Wake up, you son of a bitch!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef,Whoa!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Dr. Doctor lowers Cartman from atop Mephesto.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"Now, son, that's not's gonna do him any good. I'll let you know if there's a change in his condition."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I can't wait anymore. What am I supposed to do?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,"Hey, Cartman."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,What?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,I'm sailing ay...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"--way; Set an open course for the virgin sea For I've got to be free, free to face the life that's ahead of me On board I'm the captain, so climb aboard..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Okay okay, let's get outta here now!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,...We'll search for tomorrow on every shore...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Kyle,[Looking out at the snow storm.] I don't know if that's gonna be too easy.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"...And I'll try, oh lord, I'll try to carry on..."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Dr. Doctor,"My God, that's a hell of a storm."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,I look to the sea; Reflections-- --in the waves spark my memory...
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Oh, weak."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Kenny looks up towards the window.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"...Some happy, some sad; I think of childhood friends and the dreams we had We lived happily forever, so the--"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"Back at the studio, auditions have ended, Greenfield is looking at the storm."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"God, I hate mountains. This better not push back our shooting schedule."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The actors for Mephesto, Barbrady, and Chef are on the laboratory stage. Greenfield takes the megaphone."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Okay, people, let's rehearse the reenactment from the top before we shoot it."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Greenfield sees a new actor and turns to his assistant.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Who's that?
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Assistant,"Oh, that's TV's Eric Roberts. We were able to get him to play the part of the little monkey guy."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Whoa. Talk about ""all washed-up"", huh? Great to have you, Eric!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Eric Roberts stops munching a doughnut long enough to wave and smile.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,"Here we go, aaand action."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,I want to announce who the father is.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Greenfield,Bang!!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,"Oh, I've been shot! [Falls over.]"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady Actor,Nobody move! I'm a law officer!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef Actor,"My God, I think he's gone into cardiac arrest!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Mephesto Actor,[As Chef Actor speaks] Whoaw..!
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady Actor,"You seem somewhat unnerved by this, Chef."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Chef Actor,"Are you accusing me, Barbrady? Because if you are accusing me, don't hide behind your clever riddles!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Barbrady Actor,"Our differences must be set aside for now, Mr. Chef. I'm simply a man, a man trying to do my job."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Officer Barbrady,"Whoa, this is a good movie!"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,Back at the hospital.
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Cartman,"Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me... lads Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me-hee"
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Scene Description,"The boys are in the emergency room with a bunch of patients bleeding, getting nauseous, etc."
Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut,Stan,"Ohh. Dude, when can we get out of here?"
