Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Because, Token, we have to take pictures for our album cover. [sets up his camera on a tripod] The key to a hot-selling Christian album is a flashy inspirational album cover."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Wow, neato! An album cover! [walks out onto the sand]"
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"[follows Butters onto the sand] This Christian album better make as much money as you said it would, tubby!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[when Token seems out of earshot] I'm going to kill you one day, Token."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,[spins around] What did you say?! [Cartman is startled]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Nothing. All right, guys, stand over there and look wholesome and cool. I have a timer on this thing so I can get in the shot too. [begins to focus the shot. Butters and Token stand together]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Cheese!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"No no! Haven't you guys ever seen an album cover? You're supposed to be standing in random places, looking away like you don't care! [Butters and Cartman move apart. Token moves off to a boulder a little farther away, Butters moves a bit closer to the camera]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Cheese!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"No! Butters, you can't look happy on the album cover! That's not cool!"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,Oh...
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Token, look away to the right. [Token looks off to the right] More. [Token turns his head to the right] More!"
Christian Rock Hard,Token,[turns all his body to the right] Why the hell would I be looking way over there??
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"So it looks like you're too cool to care that you're on an album cover, you black asshole! Now just hold it! [starts the timer, then steps into the shot] Our first album cover."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"He raises his hands and head in praise and closes his eyes. The first shot is taken. More album covers. First, the three boys looking down at the camera as if in a football huddle. Next, a shot of the three of them standing in line, frowning. Next, a shot of Cartman making more changes to sheet music, Cartman in his room/home studio making changes with a reel-to-reel player beside him, Cartman on a bus writing new lyrics onto his left palm: ""Jesus is awesome. I love him so much. Jesus is great."" Cartman playing his changes on the reel-to-reel player to his band-mates. At Butters' house Butters presents Cartman with a fresh print of their first album wrapped in cellophane. Token uses a hair dryer on the CD to shrink-wrap the cellophane in place, and the camera zooms in. While the scenes roll by, Cartman sings."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Don't ever leave me, Jesus. I couldn't stand to see you go. My heart would simply snap, my Lord, if you walked on out that door. I promise I'll be good to you, and keep you warm at night. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why don't we just... shut off the lights."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"The FBI building, next day. The parents have shown up to retrieve the boys."
Christian Rock Hard,Gerald,"Thanks for releasing them to us, detective. Sorry for all the trouble they caused."
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,It's all right. I think these boys learned their lesson.
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Boy, I'll say!"
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"If you parents will just step over here, you can pay their four hundred dollar release and penalty fees."
Christian Rock Hard,Randy,Four hundred dollars? Just for downloading some songs off the Internet? It's not that big a deal.
Christian Rock Hard,Yates,"Not a big deal, huh?! Come with me! I'm gonna show you something! And I don't think you're gonna like it! [leads the parents away]"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[walks off in the opposite direction] Wugh, dude. I can't wait to just go back home and get back to band practice."
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah)
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"No! Didn't you guys learn anything? Look, if we make an album, all that's gonna happen is that people are gonna steal our songs for free off the Internet. We won't make a dime!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Oh yeah.
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Until we get people to stop downloading music for free, I say we refuse to play!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. A reporter stands in front of it waiting to make his report. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny sit on the steps with a sign beside them: ""Musicians on Strike""."
Christian Rock Hard,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where the rock band, MOOP, has refused to play. The strike started yesterday and could go well into next week."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,[walks up] Oh hey guys. How's it going?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"We're not letting you back in the band, Cartman! Fuck off!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[brushes off Kyle's comment] I don't wanna be in your crappy band, guys. I just wanted to let you know, the album for my Christian rock band, [brings out the CD] Faith + 1, is about to go platinum."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,It is?? [Kyle's jaw drops]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"That's right. We already sold thirteen copies. You wanna pay me that ten-dollar bet, Kyle? Nyanyanyanya nya nya! [tugs at one of the lobes on Kyle's hat] Hahahaha ha ha!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You get a platinum album for selling one million copies, you fat turd!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"It's just a matter of time, my friends. This weekend is Christfest. The single largest gathering of Christians in the Midwest. Each one of them a walking, praying wallet full of cash. And I'll be there selling my album."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You'll never get a platinum album doing Christian rock, Cartman! It was a stupid idea then, and it's a stupid idea now!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"Yeah, you don't even know anything about Christianity."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"I know enough to exploit it. Just get that ten bucks ready, Kyle. Ta-ta! [walks off]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,Go ahead! People will just download your songs for free on the Internet anyways!
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,What a dumbass. Our band is way cooler than his.
Christian Rock Hard,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Christ-fest, night. A stadium's parking lot is crowded with all sorts of booths selling stuff."
Christian Rock Hard,T-Shirt vendor,Psalm T-Shirts! Get a T-Shirt with your favorite psalm!
Christian Rock Hard,Bible vendor,Leather-bound bibles. Show your faith.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, it's really the best Christian album that's ever been produced, actually.."
Christian Rock Hard,Elderly woman,"Oh, this will be great for my grandchildren. They need hip cool music, but with inspirational lyrics."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[takes the woman's body and puts it in the treasurer's box] I think that's what the whole world needs, praise Christ."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Huh we're not really Christians, we're just pretendin' we are. [Cartman flashes an angry look at Butters. The woman looks deceived, but she takes the album with her anyway]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Butters, remind me later to cut your balls off."
Christian Rock Hard,MC,"[the boys look up] All right, everyone! Welcome to Christfest 2003! [the boys leave their booth and enter the stadium] are you ready for some live music? [the crown inside begins to move]"
Christian Rock Hard,A Man,Yeah Jesus!
Christian Rock Hard,MC,Then let's give it up now for one of Christian rock's biggest bands! Trinity! [the lights come up on them]
Christian Rock Hard,Trinity,"The Shepherd and the Light, and His Word lifted me up And I praise His Holy Name wherever I go."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[listening backstage, moves away a big] Dammit! If we're gonna sell our hot Christian album, we have got to get on that stage! [a group of men walk by]"
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,Hey is this the way to the backstage?
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Who are you?
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,"We're the band Sanctified. We play metal and punk, but with lyrics that inspire faith in Christ."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 2,Yeah. We proved that Christian music can be tough and hard core.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yeah, you guys are real hardcore."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,You bet your gosh-darned rear end we are!
Christian Rock Hard,Stage Hand,"[stepping in] All right, uhh, Sanctified, you guys are up next."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 3,Yeah! Let's do it!
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 2,Sent down from Heaven! The Spirit and the Glory!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Eh hey guys, wait, uh, ..we wannaaa play with you before you go onstage."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 2,"Well, that, that's cool."
Christian Rock Hard,Sanctified member 1,Always good to be praying before you're playin'.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[edges over to a storage room with an open door] Let's just go over here so we can hear ourselves better. [enters. The members of Sanctified follow him in] Lord, Father in Heaven, we thank you for all your blessings and we... [quickly runs out and locks the band in, then props a chair up against the doorknob so the band can't get out]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Hey, Eric, I don't think they can get out. [a shot of the stadium's exterior, then of the stands and stage]"
Christian Rock Hard,MC,"All right, Christians, how are you feeling tonight? [the crowd cheers]"
Christian Rock Hard,Fans,Praise Jesus! Praise him! My Lord!
Christian Rock Hard,MC,"Let's keep this salvation train going with the hot band, Sanctified!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stage Hand,[walks up and whispers] That's Faith + 1.
Christian Rock Hard,MC,Uh. Uh apparently there's been a change. Give it up for ... Faith + 1! [steps away as the house lights converge on the group. They begin to play]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"You know, Jesus? I've been thinking a lot about you lately and, well, that's why I wrote this song. I love you, Jesus. I want you to walk with me [the fans sway back and forth] I'll take good care of you baby. Call you my baby, baby! You died for my sins, and you know that I would die for you, right? What's the matter, baby? You tremble at Jesus, baby! Your love... is my life! You know when I’m without you, there's a black hole in my life! Oo-ohhh! I wanna believe. It's all right, 'cause I get lonely in the night and it's up to you to Save me! Jee...sus...bay-by!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. The MOOP boys are still sitting on the steps, sulking, striking."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[sighs] Dude, I didn't know being in a band was gonna be this tough."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Yeah, it's tough. But it's times like these that... you see what your band is made of. We've gotta fight through the rough times like Journey!"
Christian Rock Hard,Field reporter,"[the News 4 crew is still there, too] Tom, we're now entering the second day of the rock band MOOP's refusal to play, and the second day of absolutely no other news to report on. In a recent poll we asked people if MOOP's refusal to play would stop them from downloading music off the Internet. One percent said yes. Two percent said no. And ninety-seven percent said, ""Who the hell is MOOP?!"" Back to you, Tom."
Christian Rock Hard,Lars Ulrich,"[the guys from Metallica approach] Hey, are you the guys protesting free Internet music downloading?"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[awed] Hey, it's that Lars Ulrich guy!"
Christian Rock Hard,Lars Ulrich,That's right. Metallica is behind you dudes a thousand percent!
Christian Rock Hard,James Hetfield,"We're gonna sit here and protest with you until free downloadin' stop, hyeah!"
Christian Rock Hard,Field reporter,"Tom, it appears now the musicians' strike is growing! As I'm speaking, more musicians are arriving! It looks like Alanis Morissette, Blink 182, Britney Spears, and dozens of others are going to join MOOP in not playing music. This is a veritable Strikapalooza!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,Faith Records. Doves fly across the view. The building is bathed in bright sunlight.
Christian Rock Hard,CEO,"Guys, we here at Faith Records were very moved by your performance at Christfest. You're one of the most talented Christian rock bands we've ever heard!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Thank you so much. Christ has really blessed us with talent.
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,[tickled by Cartman's line] Heeheeheeyeah.
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,"[looking at some papers, starts off hesitantly] We just have one question, though. We were looking over some of your lyrics, uh... ""I want to walk hand-in-hand with Jesus on a private beach for two./I want him to nibble on my ear and say 'I'm here for you.'"" It...it seems you really love Christ."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, we sure do."
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,Eh no but it appears you are actually... in love with Christ. [the boys look at each other confused]
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[turns the tables] Well what are you saying? That, that you don't really love Christ??"
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,[on the defensive] Well uh of course I do. I mean I just-
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Well what's the difference?! You love Christ, you're in love with Christ, I mean, uh, what the heck is this??"
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,"Uh, we'd just like to make sure the bands we sign are in it for God, and not for the money."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"I resent that, sir! I have never in my life done anything just for the money! If I'm lying may the Lord strike me down right now."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"[slowly moves away] Uhm, oh. [leaves his chair]"
Christian Rock Hard,Executive 1,"That's- all we needed to know. Just, sign here and we'll get your album sold."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,Commercial. A partly-cloudy sky is shown.
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"K-tal Records [its logo descends from the sky and drops below the screen] presents the most inspirational Christian rock band in the world! Faith + 1, [The CD cover appears] featuring the very best in good, wholesome Christian music."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Oh Lord you are my Savior! You know I miss you so much when you are gone.
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[speaking over Cartman] With great inspirational songs like ""I Wasn't Born Again Yesterday,"""
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes I may be born again, but I was wasn't born again yesterday."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,I wanna get down on my knees and start pleasing Jesus! I wanna feel his salvation all over my face!
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[a shot of a home library, with fireplace and the CD propped on an end table] The CD is filled with instant classics. Who doesn't remember... [the titles scroll by: ""The Body of Christ,"" ""Christ Again,"" ""A Night With the Lord,"" ""Touch Me Jesus,"" ""I Found Jesus (With Someone Else),"" ""Savior Self,"" ""Christ, What a Day,"" ""Three Times My Savior,"" ""Jesus Touched Me""]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"The Body of Christ! Sleek swimmer's body, all muscled up and toned! The Body of Christ! O, Lord Almighty, I wish I could call it my own! You're one time, two times, three times my Savior... Whenever I see Jesus up on that Cross I can't help but think that he looks kinda hot..."
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[""Quantities Limited!!!"" cycles on the screen] This album is not available in stores and limited quantities are available, so order now!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Various musical acts, some of them from Chef Aid, have gathered to strike against free music downloads with MOOP, including the Lord of the Underworld!"
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"I can't take this much longer. Maybe we're just, not cut out to be in a band."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"You guys, we can't give up on our dreams now! As soon as this strike ends, we're gonna be the biggest band ever!"
Christian Rock Hard,Lars,"Yeah, if we all give in now, people might never stop downloading our music for free!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,I'm sure we're gonna get word any minute that people have agreed to stop. [a vehicle is heard pulling up. It's a U.S. Mail van. The driver steps out and approaches the crowd]
Christian Rock Hard,Driver,Certified letter for the rock band MOOP?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[steps down to get the letter] That's us! [the driver hands him the letter and leaves. Kyle opens the envelope and reads] ""Dear MOOP. This letter is to inform you that Faith Plus One's debut album has just sold one million copies."""
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,What??
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"""We cordially invite you to attend the platinum album award ceremony, which will be held tomorrow morning at ten. Details and proof of sales enclosed. P.S. Nananana na na. Hahahaha ha ha."" [stands silently for a moment, then hands the letter to Stan and walks forth a bit] He did it. Cartman got a platinum album."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Is this for real?? This is for real!
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,He beat us. Because all this time we've been so caught up with how to protect our music that we forgot to just play.
Christian Rock Hard,Lars,But why play if we're not gonna make millions of dollars?
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"[turns around and addresses the crowd] Because that's what real artists do. People are always gonna find a way to copy our music and swap it for free. If we're real musicians, then we should just play and be stoked that so many people are listening."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"[joins Kyle and faces the crowd] Besides, maybe our songs would have gotten downloaded for free, but if they were good songs then people still would have bought tickets to see our band in concert. [shots of Rick James, Ozzy, Britney and two other acts.]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"From now on, MOOP isn't about money. MOOP is about music! We're not striking anymore! Who's with us?! [grins, but gets no response]"
Christian Rock Hard,Britney,...We're just about the money.
Christian Rock Hard,Other acts,"Yeah, yeah."
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,[casts his eyes down] Oh.
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,"So... Dude, what are you gonna do about your bet with Cartman? Are you- gonna pay 'im?"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"I don't have a choice, dude. I'm gonna swallow my pride, face Cartman, and say ""Congratulations. You were right."" And I'm gonna give him the ten dollars. And hopefully, he won't make a big deal out of it."
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Platinum album award ceremony, South Park, next day. Cartman has spent plenty of money to make this possible. He brings forth a parade complete with elephants, clowns, jugglers, a marching band, carnival rides, the works. Cartman stands on stage with Token and Butters before a curtain with a large image of his album cover printed on it."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Welcome! Welcome everyone! Please enjoy! The presentation should begin shortly.
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"Cartman, what the hell is all this?"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Our platinum album ceremony. I spared no expense.
Christian Rock Hard,Token,But you spent all the money we made!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"We're Faith Plus One, Token, there'll be plenty more money. Relax and enjoy, black asshole. [addresses the milling crowd] There's hors d'oeuvres and drinks by the Ferris wheel, everyone! [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny arrive and join Cartman onstage] Oh Kyle, guys, so nice to see you!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Let's just get this over with, Cartman. You won the bet, here's ten dollars."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[deferring] Oh nonononono, not yet, Kyle. Hold on. [grabs the mic and addresses the crowd] Everyone! Everyone, can I have your attention please? [the crowd cheers wildly]"
Christian Rock Hard,A fan,We like to praise Christ!
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Yes, yes, thank you thank you. Praise Him. I think we're ready to start now. [Kyle is awfully pissed. A technician lowers a lever and stage lights bathe the boys]"
Christian Rock Hard,Announcer,"[a power chord is played, with angelic accompaniment added] Welcome to the presentation ceremony for Faith Plus One. [the crowd cheers] And now to present the award, here's Michael Collins. [he walks up with a plaque]"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,This is the worst day of my life.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Ahhh, this is the best day of my life. [basks in the moment]"
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"Boys, in recognition for over one million records sold, the Christian Recording Industry is pleased to present you with this Myrrh album. [presents the album plaque to Cartman. The crowd cheers]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,[takes the album] Thank you very uh- wah? Myrrh album?
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,I thought albums win either gold or platinum.
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"Nono, in Christian rock, our albums go gold and frankincense and myrrh. Congratulations!"
Christian Rock Hard,Kyle,"Ha! Our bet was that you would get a platinum album, not a myrrh album! I don't owe you anything, fat boy!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,You mean to tell me I can never get a platinum album with a Christian rock band?!
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"No, but you can go double myrrh. [Kyle walks off and Cartman gets pissed]"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"GOD DAMMIT!! [throws his plaque onto the ground, where it shatters. The myrrh album falls away and the crowd is stunned]"
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,"[tries to calm Cartman down] Oh, please don't take the Lord's Name in vain."
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,Who cares?! I can never win my bet because you stupid assholes don't give out platinum albums!
Christian Rock Hard,Michael Collins,But you spread the Word of the Lord. You've brought faith in Jesus.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"OH, FUCK JESUS!! [deep gasp from the crowd. A woman screams loudly in disbelief]"
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Eric, I-I'm pretty sure you shouldn't say the F-word about-uh Jesus."
Christian Rock Hard,Token,Yeah. You're gonna hurt the band.
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"[pounces onto him] Who fuckin' cares, Token?! I can never beat Kyle now! I'll say it again! Fuck Jesus! [The crowd screams in disbelief and scatters about]"
Christian Rock Hard,A Man,My ears are bleeding!
Christian Rock Hard,Token,"Good job, dickhead! You lost the entire audience!"
Christian Rock Hard,Cartman,"Ah, fuck you, Token! You black asshole!"
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"Token has had enough of that. He smacks Cartman with a left fist, a right fist, and a kick to the head. Cartman is laid out on his back and Token walks away. Cartman rises, but ends up on all fours coughing. A shot of Stan, Kyle, and Kenny. They turn to leave."
Christian Rock Hard,Stan,Hm. Guess he got what he deserved.
Christian Rock Hard,Scene Description,"They walk away, leaving Butters. Cartman is still coughing and Butters is unsure what to do. He rubs his fists past each other tentatively. Then he farts on Cartman's head and flips him off."
Christian Rock Hard,Butters,"Fuck you, Eric. [He walks away.]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"South Park Farmer's Market, Day. A crowd is gathered under this banner and listens to Father Maxi as he delivers a service."
Grey Dawn,Father Maxi,"Friends, we gather in this place to mourn the victims of yesterday's tragedy: nine good people who were run over in the street by an elderly woman driver. [the four boys are shown in their funeral best]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"[yawns] Oh God, memorial services are sooo boring."
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"[jabs Cartman and says in hushed tones] You insensitive asshole, Cartman! Nine people died!"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Yeah, but like, eight of them were hippies. Mostly hippies go to farmer's markets. Mostly."
Grey Dawn,Father Maxi,"It is sometimes hard, in times like these, to understand God's way. Why would he allow nine innocent people to be run down in the prime of their lives by a senior citizen who, perhaps, shouldn't be driving? It is then that we must understand, God's sense of humor is very different from our own. He does not laugh at the simple ""man walks into a bar"" joke. No, God needs complex irony and subtle farcical twists that seem macabre to you and me. All that we can hope for is that God got his good laugh and a tragedy such as this will never happen again. [screeching tires are heard]"
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,[rushing into the crowd] Look out!! [everyone turns to see. An elderly driver approaches them]
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,"[somewhat short, nearsighted] Huh? Was that a stop sign back there? [the banner recedes behind him. Everyone screams and the driver begins mowing people down. He crashes into a light standard at the other end of the market] Ooooh, I think I hit a pothole."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. The family is eating dinner."
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Hey Dad, how come they let old people drive?"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well, Stan, it's a very fragile issue."
Grey Dawn,Stan,But they kill people.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Sometimes, yes, but senior citizens have to be dealt with very gingerly, Stan. We can't just take their licenses away."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,[enters in his motorized wheelchair] I'll be Goddamned if they think they can take my license away! [stops at his place at table]
Grey Dawn,Sharon,"Oooh, Hi Dad."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"[to Randy] I heard what you said! You wanna take drivin' privileges away from seniors! Well let me tell you something, peckerface! I worked fifty five years in the steel mill!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,Yes Dad.
Grey Dawn,Marvin,And I flew Spitfires over Germany in World War II!
Grey Dawn,Randy,Yes I know.
Grey Dawn,Marvin,And I will be God-damned if the government thinks it can step in and take away my right to drive!
Grey Dawn,Stan,"I think old people should have rights, Grandpa. I just don't wanna die."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Stark's Pond, night. A lone man is fishing in the middle of the pond. He senses something ominous and looks around. On the road nearby, a brown Buick drives by slowly. A short old woman is at the wheel."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,"Damnit Mona, this isn't the fastest way to Country Kitchen Buffet!"
Grey Dawn,Mona,"No, but it's the shortest. I save the most gas that way. [back at the pond the fisherman casts his line and looks back at the car]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,You save the most gas if you take the highway to Country Kitchen Buffet!
Grey Dawn,Mona,"Less miles means less gas, you old fool. [back at the pond the fisherman catches something and is reeling it in, but looks at the car in doing so]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,There's Country Kitchen right there!
Grey Dawn,Mona,Where?
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,"Right there! You're gonna miss it! [the woman steps hard on the brake and spins the car out of control. The fisherman is about to put his catch into his little boat. The car smashes through the guard rail over a bridge and lands directly on the fisherman, killing him.]"
Grey Dawn,Mona,Is this the parking lot?
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,I think so.
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"News 4. A splash screen shows various correspondents and anchors, and a globe spins in front of the Montage."
Grey Dawn,Anchor,"Another death tonight by a senior citizen motorist. Carl Zorn of Pine Junction was killed instantly when struck by a vehicle driven by Pete and Lydia Malman, who were trying to find Country Kitchen Buffet. This latest tragedy comes only two days after the accident in Deer Creek, where three construction workers and a bulldozer [shown] were run down by senior citizen Paul Thom [shown, irate], who was trying to find Country Kitchen Buffet. Public outcry is forcing the DMV to consider suspending the licenses of all seniors over seventy, though no decision has yet to be made."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. The seniors have gathered there for a meeting."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Seniors of South Park, I don't know about you, but I am mad as hell!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,[randomly] Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,[rises] I'm sick of having my mental condition come into question!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 1,"[waving his cane] We need to let everyone know we're pissed off, and we're not gonna take it anymore!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,"[randomly] Yeah! Yeah! That's right, Pete!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"That's right! Now, ...can anybody remember what we're pissed off about? [everyone seems to have lost a clue] Now, remember we're all pissed about something and uh... that's why we had this meeting, but I... can't for the life of me re-"
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 2,[rises] Oooo. Was it the kids skateboarding on the sidewalks? No? [sits down]
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 2,"[seated behind a walker] Oh, I remember! They're gonna take our licenses away!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,"[randomly, suddenly animated] Yeah! Yeah! That's right!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"That's right! They're gonna try and take our licenses away! And I, for one, am mad as hell!"
Grey Dawn,Seniors,"[randomly] Me too! Yeah, that's right! And mine too!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,I'm sick of having my mental condition come into question!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"So now, what are we gonna do about it?"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 3,Do about what?
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 3,They're gonna take our licenses away.
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,They are?? They can't do that! [brief argument ensues]
Grey Dawn,Marvin,That's right. So you know what I think we should do? I think we should have a senior citizens' meeting! Get all the seniors together at the community center and unite!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 3,"Great idea, Marvin!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 4,"Wait, ah I think we're having that meeting right now."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"...Oh, right, this is the meeting."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 4,Right. To get those damn kids to stop skateboarding on the sidewalks!
Grey Dawn,Seniors,[randomly] Yeah! Yeah! That's right! Someone's gotta stop them!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Sharon and Shelly are making construction paper cutouts in the kitchen. Shelly has finished some eyes."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[steps into the kitchen] Sharon, have you seen Dad?"
Grey Dawn,Sharon,"He's not here, hon. He's having a meeting with all the seniors in town at the community center."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Oh. [steps back out] Wait a minute. If all the seniors in town are at a meeting, that means that when the meeting gets out..."
Grey Dawn,Sharon,Every senior in town will be driving home...
Grey Dawn,Randy,[with rising alarm] At the same time. [closeup] Oh My God!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,Downtown South Park. People are milling around. Randy runs into the scene.
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get inside! Get inside! [people begin taking heed] Seniors' meeting getting out! Get off the streets! [everyone moves off the streets in panic]
Grey Dawn,Someone,Oh my Goddd!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. The seniors exit the center and head for their cars."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"[amid the crowd] All right, great meeting everyone. Let's do it again sometime."
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 1,"So long, everybody."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 5,"Goodbye, Missy. [other seniors say their goodbyes. They drive off slowly, some bumping into other cars on their way out]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, at the farmer's market. Randy runs in."
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get off the streets! Get off the streets! Old people are driving! [everyone runs off in a panic. Randy finds Gerald and grabs him] Gerald! Where are the boys?!
Grey Dawn,Gerald,We've gotta get out of here!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"The boys, Gerald! Where are they?!"
Grey Dawn,Gerald,"They, they're... they're playing street hockey!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,[closeup] Oh My God!! [lets Gerald go and runs off]
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"The neighborhood. Stan and the boys are playing street hockey. Cartman is the goalie, a trashcan his goal."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"[providing his own play-by-play] With just ten seconds to go, the offense makes its move. Marsh heads for the goal and passes the ball to the poor kid. The poor kid hands it out to the Jew! The Jew shoots. Awww, and the shot is blocked again [the ball bounces off Cartman's girth], proving once and for all that Jews cannot play hockey!"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,It isn't fair. Cartman's fatter than the goal.
Grey Dawn,Cartman,I'm not fat. I just have a sweet hockey body.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[in the distance] GET OFF THE STREETS! [Cartman perks up a bit] GET OFF THE STREETS! [the other boys listen, then turn to face the source of the sound]"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"Dude, look!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,[running across empty fields] GET OFF... THE STREETS! GET OFF THE STREETS!
Grey Dawn,Stan,What is that?
Grey Dawn,Kyle,I don't know.
Grey Dawn,Randy,[coming closer] GET OFF... GET OFF THE STREET!
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"Dude, is that your dad?"
Grey Dawn,Stan,I think so.
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Looks like Stan's dad's been hittin' the bottle again.
Grey Dawn,Randy,-STREETS!! OFF-
Grey Dawn,Stan,What is he saying?
Grey Dawn,Kyle,I can't understand him.
Grey Dawn,Randy,GAAAAAH!!
Grey Dawn,Cartman,[slowly] Calm down! We cannot understand you!
Grey Dawn,Kenny,"[Looks to his right] (Ohhhhh, look!) [a phalanx of slow-moving cars cruises down the street towards them] (You guys!)"
Grey Dawn,Stan,Oh! [drops his hockey stick and holds his hands to his face]
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Old people!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[scoops them up and away] Come on! [the cars get closer, Randy and the boys head for a an abandoned lodge]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Oh God, they're coming! [the other boys mutter other things]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"The Lodge. The group enters, Randy shuts and blocks the doors."
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get over there! Stay low! [the boys go to the far wall and turn around]
Grey Dawn,Kyle,Why are they all out driving at the same time?
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Shhhh! [lowers the blinds, closed them, and peeks out. Seeing nothing, he closes the blinds and sighs in relief] It's okay, boys. They're gone. Let's just lay low for a minute until we can find- [a blue car crashes through the large picture window the blinds were covering and stops. Randy jumps in alarm] AWWWW!!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,[a man] I don't remember there being a building here.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"RUN! [they all gather at a corner, but another car crashes through the wall]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly passenger,"[a woman] I told you to turn left, Larry."
Grey Dawn,Randy,Get up the stairs! Up the stairs! Come on! Come on!! [he and the boys run up the stairs]
Grey Dawn,Kyle,Aah! There's another one!
Grey Dawn,Randy and the Boys,AAAHH!!
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,"[follows them up the stair in her car] Excuse me, is this Costello Avenue? [Randy and the boys reach the second floor]"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"In here! [Randy opens a door and a bloody body drops down, dangling by its feet. They move on to the next room and close the door]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,They're not gonna stop until we're all dead!
Grey Dawn,Randy,Quiet! Keep quiet! [a few seconds of silence pass]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Dad, I'm scared."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Just, keep your voices down. We'll stay the night in here. We'll stay the whole winter if we have to. [looks for a light switch to flip on]"
Grey Dawn,Stan,I'm not staying the winter in this room! We just need to tell old people they can't drive anymore!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Awgh. Stan, it's not that simple! Just relax while I find the lights. Here we go. [finds the switch and flips them on, revealing a car]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly driver,How the hell did we get up here?
Grey Dawn,Randy and the boys,AAAAAAAHH!! [quickly exit the room]
Grey Dawn,Elderly passenger,I told you this was the wrong way!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"News 4. A splash screen shows various correspondents and anchors, and a globe spins in front of the montage."
Grey Dawn,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing outside of the Department of Motor Vehicles, where senior citizens have until three p.m. to hand over their driver's licenses. The new law was passed just three days after the Night of Horror, in which all seniors were out driving at the same time, causing fourteen deaths and three million dollars in damage."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"DMV, inside. A poster on the wall says ""Drive 65 MPH. Stay alive."" Two men and a woman sit at a table taking the licenses seniors standing in line give them."
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"[seated in the middle, takes a license from an elderly man] Alrighty. [cuts it in two and drops the halves into a box] There we go. Next? [a fat elderly lady approaches, then the elderly man with the walker]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 2,It ain't right what you're doin'! I never had an accident in my life!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 6,That's right. You shouldn't punish all of us. [the senior with the walker leaves the table]
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"We're sorry, but this is the only way to be sure. Next please. [cuts up another license] There we go."
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 6,But how am I supposed to get to the grocery store? Or the pharmacy to buy medicine?
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"Well, maybe you should be in a nursing home. Hmmm?"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 7,Some of us would rather die!
Grey Dawn,DMV official,"Well, we can certainly help you with that, too."
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman 7,We aren't second-class citizens!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 8,"That's right! You can take our licenses, but you'll never take our pride!"
Grey Dawn,An Elderly Man,Yeah...
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. The boys leave the house."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Ooooh, isn't this great you guys? Being able to walk the streets now that old people are confined to their homes where they belong?"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Billy, get in the car! I need you boys to help me pick up my new Hov-Around."
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Uh, Grandpa, I don't think you should be driving."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"God-damnit Billy! You're supposed to listen to your dad, right?! Well I'm your dad's dad, and that means you get in this car before I tan all your hides!"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"[to the other boys] Well, look at it this way: statistically speaking, we're safer inside a car with an old person driving than outside."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"My God, he's right. [the boys climb in, strap themselves in, and Cartman offers a quick prayer] Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, even though I walk through the valley of death. [Marvin starts up the car and groans a bit] Guys, I don't know if I ever told you this, but, well, I love you guys. [a few moments later] Except for you, Kyle."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Okay, all set? [he backs out of the a driveway, and an oncoming car honks at him. The driver screams something at him. Pretty soon, other cars and trucks are doing their best to avoid him. Cars begin crashing and flying through the air. The boys wince at every accident]"
Grey Dawn,Kenny,(Oooooo my God!) [a police cruiser catches up to them]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Ah, I think there's a police car behind you, Grandpa."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Eh? [signals to the officer] Go around. Go around, you moron!"
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"Blue Impala, pull your vehicle over!"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,I believe that's us... thank God. [Marvin pulls over to the side and stops. Barbrady stops as well and approaches the driver side.]
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"Could I see your license, please?"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,I ain't got one! You peckers took it!
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"Well then, I have to take you to jail."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"You just try taking me to jail, scrotum-head! You just try!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,The police jail. Marvin sits behind bars with a cane.
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Stupid son of a- God damnit!
Grey Dawn,Barbrady,"I just got him right here, Mr. Marsh."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Oh brother. Well, good job, dad! Look at you now!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Oh God damnit, don't you lecture me you son of a bitch!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"You just had to be so damn stubborn, didn't you?!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Now my son is gonna talk to me like I'm twelve.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"We're not treating you like children, Dad. All right? Now I think you owe Mr. Police Officer an apology. Who needs to apologize, hm? [wags his left index finger at Marvin] Who's the sorry-sorry?"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Kiss my sagging ass!
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well fine. I was gonna bail you out, but maybe you can just sit here for a bit and think about what you did!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Well I won't be sitting here long! I've already called the AARP!
Grey Dawn,Stan,What's that?
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"The American Association of Retired Persons! The largest political group in the country! When seniors like me are bein' discriminated against, the AARP comes and sets it right! [points to Randy] And you're gonna be sorry when they get here!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Mr. garrison's Classroom, day. He is giving a history lesson to the class."
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,"And so you see, children, Genghis Khan was a ""Mongol,"" not to be confused with a ""mongoloid"" like the actor, Nicolas Cage. Okay now, who can tell me in what [notices something outside and goes to the window, his voice fading off] the ...first ...film by a... mongoloid..."
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,[What he sees is elderly paratroopers drifting down onto the school grounds. The kids' eyes follow him and then the kids gather at the window with him] That's odd. [the AARP has landed] Those ROTC guys are way off course. [the paratroopers open their cargo boxes and unload some firearms]
Grey Dawn,Cartman,More old people!
Grey Dawn,Stan,The American Association of Retired Persons.
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,"Stay in your seats, children. I'll be right back."
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,Set up a perimeter! Bring Bravo Team to Point Delta!
Grey Dawn,AARP member 1,[a heavyset woman] Bravo Team is go.
Grey Dawn,AARP member 2,[a light-skinned black man] Move! Move! Move!
Grey Dawn,AARP member 3,[a woman in purple dress] Let's go! Let's go! [Mr. Garrison comes out to meet them.]
Grey Dawn,Mr. Garrison,"Uh, can I help you folks find something? [the woman smacks him across the face with the butt of her semi-automatic.] Oowww! [goes down in pain on one knee. The seniors begin firing away, with rifles, semi-automatics, whatever. The kids look on and gasp]"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Old people gone mad!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,U.S. Geological Service. Randy sits at his desk making notes when he hears the soft rustling of tarp on snow. He spins around in his chair to see more AARP paratroopers. He rises in disbelief. A gas canister flies through the window and unleashes its fumes. Randy starts coughing. The door flies open and some AARP paratroopers walk in wearing gas masks.
Grey Dawn,AARP member,"[woman wearing a flower-design dress] Contact. [quickly aims her machine gun at Randy] Put your hands up, young man!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,South Park Jail. Marvin is looking out his small cell window when the AARP enters the jail and approach the cell.
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,Marvin Marsh?
Grey Dawn,Marvin,[turns around] Yes?
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,"I'm Bill Stewart, President of the AARP. Hu-we've come to help the seniors in this town fight back."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Oh, it's nice to meet ya, Bill."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,Huh?? We came as fast as we could. We just had to stop by Country Kitchen Buffet first.
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Shady Acres, a Retirement Community. The AARP has arrived."
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,[a black man] It's the nursing home! Liberate our comrades!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Shady Acres, inside"
Grey Dawn,Male nurse,"There now, Mr. Johnson. [wheels a senior across the room] We can go to the cafeteria and get you some creamed corn and toast. [the front doors swing open and the nurse stops in his tracks. The AARP members swarm in] Can I help you?"
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,"Help this! [jams the butt of his gun into the nurse, and the nurse falls.] The revolution is on, brother! [hands Mr. Johnson a semi-automatic] We're taking control of the town!"
Grey Dawn,Mr. Johnson,"Well, alright, well it's about damn time! [addresses the nursing home residents] Hey everyone, we're taking the town. [other seniors look at him and express their approval]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,The television room. More seniors there are watching TV.
Grey Dawn,AARP member,"[enters with the black leader] Seniors, we're taking the town over."
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,The revolution is on! [walks away]
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,The revolution?
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,"Oh, I'd better get my other sweater. [goes to change while the others leave the room]"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,A convalescent room.
Grey Dawn,A nurse,"[distributing weapons] Mrs. Wyland, seniors are taking over the town. Would you like a gun?"
Grey Dawn,Mrs. Wyland,"Oh, I suppose so."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. One of the members brings Randy forward."
Grey Dawn,Randy,What the hell is going on?!
Grey Dawn,AARP member,Shut your piehole and get over there! [Randy joins Gerald and other adult hostages]
Grey Dawn,Gerald,"Randy, what is this?"
Grey Dawn,Stewart,Hey! You are now under the authority of the AARP!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Ha! There you go, Mr. Smartmouth! Look at you now!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Dad, what are you doing??"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,The AARP is gonna help us take this town until we get our licenses back!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,"[in dark-blue dress] Yeah, and we're gonna ask for more money in Medi-Care, too!"
Grey Dawn,AARP leader,[black] That's right.
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,Yeah.
Grey Dawn,Man in Vest,[handcuffed in front] Have you all got Alzheimer's? The-they're not gonna listen to a bunch of whacked out senior citizens.
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"[puts hand to ear] Heh?? [lowers his hand] We'll tell them if they don't give us our demands, we'll start killin' hostages!"
Grey Dawn,Man in vest,"Huh, right. They're gonna really believe that. [the elderly woman next to him simply lifts her gun and fires at the man point blank. The man falls down dead]"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Isn't that a little extreme, Bill?"
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"[puts hand to ear] Heh?? [lowers his hand] No, we gotta be tough! Just like with those damned Japs!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"This is insane, Dad! You all need to stop right now before more people get hurt!"
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"The time when you can tell me what to do is over, pucky-boy! We're in charge now!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The town is now an encampment, protected by barbed wire, sandbags, and metal shields. Mrs. Wyland stands behind some sandbags with her IV unit."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"All right, we've got control of the Mayor's office and the fire station."
Grey Dawn,AARP member,Reinforcements have arrived from the nursing home in Conifer.
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"Good! Hell, us senior citizens could take over the entire country!"
Grey Dawn,AARP lookout,[a black woman] We've got company! [the military arrives]
Grey Dawn,Tank driver,[over a PA system] Attention seniors: lay down your weapons and turns yourselves over!
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"Mrs. Applegate, show 'em we mean business."
Grey Dawn,Mrs. Applegate,"[holding an RPG launcher] All right. [fires the rocket and falls back from the recoil. The rocket heads for a Jeep full of troops. The troops scramble off. The rocket strikes and demolishes the Jeep, killing one of the soldiers]"
Grey Dawn,Tank driver,What do you want?
Grey Dawn,Stewart,[puts hand to ear] Heh??
Grey Dawn,Marvin,We want our licenses back!
Grey Dawn,Other seniors,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,That's right. And we want more money in Medi-Care!
Grey Dawn,Other seniors,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,And we want those damned kids to stop skateboardin' on the sidewalk!
Grey Dawn,Other seniors,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Nighttime, the drive-in. All adults who are not senior citizens have been gathered into an enclosure around the massive screen. Two seniors stand guard at the gates, other seniors keep the adults in line. The adults are cold. Some cough, some try to keep warm by burning tires inside empty gas drums. Randy is one of those warming his hands over a fire. He moans. The boys arrive, having not been arrested."
Grey Dawn,Stan,Hey Dad.
Grey Dawn,Randy,[runs to the fence] Stan! Boys! You're safe!
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Dad, why is everyone letting old people do this? Why doesn't somebody stop them?"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"They've tried to stop them, son, but... the seniors get up so early in the morning they... get everything done before everyone else is even awake!"
Grey Dawn,Kyle,They're saying something about taking over the entire country.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"[exasperated] Yes. And now seeing how early they get up, I don't see how anyone can stop them. Wait a minute. You boys! You get up almost as early as they do! You can fight them!"
Grey Dawn,Stan,"No. Come on, Dad. Can't you guys do it?"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"No, son. We... like to sleep in."
Grey Dawn,An elderly woman,"Two hostages come front and center! [Randy looks back, alarmed]."
Grey Dawn,Randy,"They're coming!! Get out of here before they see you! Run to the hills and find a way to fight them! Go!! [the boys turn and leave] Boys, avenger me! AVENGE ME!!"
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,The woods. The boys have set up a little camp there for the night.
Grey Dawn,Stan,"All right, check it out. Kenny did reconnaissance on the town. The old people have blockades here [south entrance] and here [west entrance]. The old ladies are keeping watch in towers around the perimeter, and the leaders along with my grandpa are most likely in the Mayor's office."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,So our only solution is to cut off their life force.
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"We can't fight them, Cartman."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,No. But we can sneak into town and shut down their food supply. [runs his finger along the map to its destination] Here.
Grey Dawn,Kyle,Country Kitchen Buffet?
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Yeah. You take out Country Kitchen Buffet, and old people won't know what to do."
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"That's a retarded idea, Cartman!"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Is it? Two years ago they closed the Country Kitchen Buffet in Steamboat Springs. And all the old people died of starvation in less than a week.
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Yeah, I remember hearing about that."
Grey Dawn,Kyle,"Even if it could work, how would we go about shutting it down?"
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"I think I have a plan, though we'll have to do it tonight."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"We'll start by sneaking into town, cleverly disguised as black people. [they appear from the sides of buildings dressed in black and then gather in front of one of them] At 5:45 Kenny and Kyle split off and set a diversion on the east end of town. [they head for a train at the South Park Train Station and climb into a caboose. Kenny pulls on the horn] Meanwhile, Stan and I sneak into the Mayor's office[the elderly guards sleep standing up and fail to take notice of any sound] and steal some of the explosives the old people have stashed."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Nine o'clock: we rendezvous at the Country Kitchen Buffet, where we strap the explosives and the timer to Kyle's chest. We say our tearful goodbyes to Kyle, and then we send him inside."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"Cartman does all the strapping, and he brings out a remote-control trigger as Kyle approaches the restaurant's front door. He presses the button and the buffet blows up. Kyle's charred hat drops back in front of the boys. The boys cheer."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Yeah!
Grey Dawn,Stan,All right!
Grey Dawn,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Grey Dawn,Cartman,Aw yeah!
Grey Dawn,Stan,We did it! [Cartman is finished and the others look at him like he's crazy]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"...Yeah, or we just go to Country Kitchen Buffet and lock it from the inside so the seniors can't get in."
Grey Dawn,Cartman,"Well, right, or we could always do that."
Grey Dawn,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The old people have the run of the town, and they're bringing in heavier artillery."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"All right everyone, round up your ammunition and get ready to move! We're takin' this war further out!"
Grey Dawn,AARP Members,[amid other cheers] All right!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,"Uh, I appreciate what the AARP is tryin' to do for us, but uh, all we want is our licenses back."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,[puts hand to ear] Huh?? [lowers his hand] Heck no! This is goin' too well.We're gonna take the whole country back. Wipe out everyone below the age of sixty five!
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Wipe 'em out?? What are you? Senile?
Grey Dawn,Stewart,"[approaches the front door of Country Kitchen Buffet] Come on, everyone! It's time to plan for Phase 2! [tries to get the doors open, but finds they're locked. He scratches his head] What the heck? [checks again, but the doors remain locked] Huh? What is this?! It's 6 a.m. C-Country Kitchen should be open!"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 9,"It's not open? It has to be! [each man takes a door and tries to open it, but the doors won't budge]"
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 10,Try a window.
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 11,"[bangs on a window, to no avail] They're blocked from the inside."
Grey Dawn,Stewart,No... [bangs frantically on the double doors] Let us in! Let us in!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man 9,Open the door! It's six a.m. [the other seniors come up and bang on the windows]
Grey Dawn,Elderly woman,Open the Country Kitchen Buffet for us!
Grey Dawn,Elderly man,You have to let us in! [a few hours later and all the seniors are sprawled out on the snow. One of them is still trying to crawl. A few more hours and all movement has stopped]
Grey Dawn,Army official,"All right everyone, area secure. Collect their weapons and free the hostages. [walks up to the boys] That was a great strategy, boys. You may very well have saved this entire country. [Randy and Sharon arrive rubbing their eyes. Gerald and Sheila arrive also]"
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Whoa-ho-ho-ooh, what happened? Is it over?"
Grey Dawn,Army Official,Everything is fine. Control of the town is back to you folks.
Grey Dawn,Stewart,[two soldiers escort his fatigued self away] Country Kitchen... wha-what happened?
Grey Dawn,Soldier,"[one of two escorting Marvin] Sir, what should we do with this one?"
Grey Dawn,Army official,It's up to the townspeople.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well, I think he learned his lesson. Huh? Don't you feel silly now, Dad? I think somebody owes us all an apology. Yes he does."
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Oh, stop it, Dad! This is partly your fault!"
Grey Dawn,Randy,Huh?
Grey Dawn,Stan,"Look, all Grandpa wants is not to be talked to like a child. I think half of what he was angry about wasn't what you were doing, but how you were doing it."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,That's right.
Grey Dawn,Stan,"And Grandpa, you should be proud that you made it through life to be a senior, but you should also realize that, when you're behind the wheel, you're a killing machine."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,I know. I guess sometimes us seniors need to know when to stop driving so we don't put the responsibility on our families.
Grey Dawn,Randy,"Well, I think this has been a real learning experience for the Marsh family. People died, but we all grew a little. Let's just go home."
Grey Dawn,Marvin,Sure. I'll drive.
Grey Dawn,Randy,[laughs and goes to wheel Marvin off] That's our Grandpa. [both men and Sharon laugh]
Grey Dawn,Stan,"[to his friends] Dude, I hate my family. [looks down embarrassed and walks away]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan, Kenny, and Cartman watch TV from the couch. Cartman is eating a bowl of chips."
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Dude, I wonder where Kyle is."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Maybe he caught a disease and died. That'd be so awesome.
Casa Bonita,Stan,Dude that's not funny. You shouldn't joke about that.
Casa Bonita,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Who's joking? [a door opens and closes offscreen]
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[enters excitedly, his arms up in the air] You guys! You guys! I have awesome news!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,You have AIDS?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"No. This Saturday, for my birthday, my Mom says she's takin' me to Casa Bonita, in Denver, and I get to invite three friends!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[stands up] Wow! Casa Bonita?!
Casa Bonita,Kenny,[stands up] (Woo-hoo!)
Casa Bonita,Stan,[stands up] What's Casa Bonita?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Dude, haven't you ever been there?! It's a big Mexican restaurant where they have, like, cliff jumpers and Black Bart's Cave and [holds out his hand wide] all kinds of stuff!"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,It's like the Disneyland of Mexican restaurants.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"This Saturday! Awesome! [begins to sing to ""La Cucaracha""] Casa Bonita! Casa Bonita! Food and fun in a festive atmosphere. [begins to snap his fingers] Casa Bonita!"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Who said I'm inviting you? [this freezes Cartman for a few seconds]
Casa Bonita,Cartman,You... your Mom said you could take three friends.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Yes. Three friends. You're not my friend.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Wuh ih uh... Weh come on, Kyle, who the hell else are you gonna take besides Stan and Kenny?"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"I'm gonna take Butters. He invited me to his birthday party last month, so I owe him one."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Butters?! You're gonna take THAT butt hole?! Why?!
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Because Butters isn't a total dick to me!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,I have never been a dick to you.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] Oh please! All you ever do is call me names and rip on me for being Jewish!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Kyle, when have I ever ripped on you for being a Jew?"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[thinks back and counts the number of times Cartman has ripped on him for being a Jew][in the playground. Craig is there instead of Kenny] Oh yeah?! Well you're a stupid Jew![in the playground, by the school's back doors] You're a Jew![in Cartman's room. Cartman is wearing a crown] Shut your God-damned Jew mouth![at Kyle's house, on the front steps] Good job, Jew![singing the Dreidel song with Kyle's family and Stan] Jew...[leaving his seat in class] Shut up, Jew![at Cartman's house, with outfits] You're Jewish!![seated on a curb with the other boys] Dude, he's Jewish![staking out a house] Jew![on Nightline, seated next to Stan] Jew![in Cartman's dining room] Jew![at the side of a road, with Tweek and with their parents] Jew![next to stacks of lumber, as Kyle is about to whack him] Jew![at a barn, through a hole on the roof] Jew![Stan's room. Kyle reads a Bible] Jew?![At the Costa Rican rainforest, during practice] ""I told you Jewish people don't have rhythm."" ""Fuck off, Cartman!"""
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[Cartman thinks back as well] Okay, except maybe for that one time."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"You've always been a dick to me, Cartman, and I'm not inviting you. [turns and walks away, but Cartman stays close]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Kyle, you don't understand! Casa Bonita is my most favorite place [Kyle turns around] in the whole world. I'll just, I'll just die if you don't take me! Please! [holds his hands together in a sign of pleading]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[crosses his arms and avoids Cartman's eyes] Sorry, my mind's made up."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[turns irate and flips him off] Well fuck you, Kyle!! I don't wanna go to your faggy birthday party anyway! I'd rather hang out at home than have to be around you and your Jew mom for a day! [shoves the middle finger close to Kyle's face] Kiss my balls, asshole!!! [turns and walks away. The front door opens, closes, and opens again. Cartman returns and apologizes] Dude, I totally didn't mean that, Kyle. I really really wanna go to Casa Bonita. I'm sorry we had that fight just now. You know, I mean, I said some things, you said some things, but, I think it was good and we-we've moved past it."
Casa Bonita,Kyle:,[clearly annoyed now] I'm not inviting you to Casa Bonita.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[turns irate and flips him off again] Well fuck you, Kyle!! I hope you die! I hope you fucking die!! [turns and walks away. The front door opens, then closes]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. Cartman sleeps..."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Casa Bonita! Come on, you guys! [waves them on. Next scene is him getting a large platter of food] Oh, awesome!! [next scene is him waving his friends to a cave] Come on, you guys! Black Bart's Cave! [next scene is him by a waterfall] Wow, cliff divers! [a cliff diver takes a dive from the top of the waterfall. Next scene is Cartman on his third dish] More sopapillas, please! [next scene has him dancing in front of a low stage, on which a mariachi quartet plays its songs. An image of Kyle floats through his dream]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"I'm not inviting you, Cartman. You can't go."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[with more foods on his plates, the dream dissolves. He's pulled up and away] No! Noooo! [he's pulled out of Casa Bonita and floats away] Casa Bonita! Noooo! [startled out of his dream] AAAAH!! [catches his breath] Oh... God-damnit, I have to get invited to go! I'm just gonna have to start being nice to Kyle!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, next day. Cartman approaches the front door in a nice sweater and rings the bell. Kyle answers."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[looking quite presentable] Hi Kyle. [smiles]
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[studies Cartman a bit, but isn't impressed] That isn't it, Cartman."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,What isn't it?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,That's not being nice! That's just putting on a nice sweater!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,...I don't understand the difference.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,I know you don't. [steps back and slams the door on Cartman's face]
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids head for class: Bill, Craig, Wendy, then Jimmy. Cartman enters and rounds the corner, sees Jimmy and runs up to him."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Jimmy! Hey Jimmy, wait up! [Annie and Red walk by at the far end of the hall. Jimmy stops] Dude, uh I need your help on something."
Casa Bonita,Jimmy,"Well, sure, Eric. W-w-what seems to be the p-p-p-problem?"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Well, everybody likes you, Jimmy, a-and you seem to be really good with people, so, I was wondering if you could tell me, how ""do"" you act nice to people?"
Casa Bonita,Jimmy,"Well, the best thing is not to act nice, Eric. Uh, the best thing is to be genuinely nice."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Okay, so how do you act genuinely nice to people?"
Casa Bonita,Jimmy,"Well, Eric, pah part of being nice is just making people smile and laugh. The best way to do that is by telling a fan-tastic joke or a humorous anti-d- ant'duhh ...anecdote."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Like what?
Casa Bonita,Jimmy,"Well, like, try this one on for size: Knock knock."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Who's there?
Casa Bonita,Jimmy,"Ing-mar ...Bergman. [Cartman jumps, but not because of the joke. Kyle approaches them from the other end of the hall.] Now you say, ""Ingmar Bergman who?"" [Cartman quickly punches Jimmy in the face]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Take that, Jimmy! [strikes him again, and Jimmy falls away] And that! And don't you ever talk bad about Kyle again! [Kyle stops by and looks. Cartman glances at him] Kyle is my friend! And if you say you had sex with his mom one more time, I'm gonna really let you have it! You hear me?! [looks at Kyle] Oh, Kyle. Hey."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Do you really think that beating up a handicapped kid is being nice? [turns and walks on his way]
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Uh... [turns and runs towards Kyle] He-hey Kyle! Knock knock. [follows him around the corner] Knock knock, Kyle!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria. Cartman is looking at a picture. A tear wells up in his left eye. The picture's frame reads ""I Had A Good Time at CASA BONITA,"" and the picture within is one of Cartman, his mom, and the mariachis in the background. He hears Kyle's excited voice."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Yeah, Casa Bonita, this Saturday! [approaches a table with Kenny, Stan, and Butters]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Wow, that's gonna be so fun!"
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Yeah, it'll be awesome. Just the four of us."
Casa Bonita,Kenny,"(Yeah!) [Cartman sits at his own table, alone.]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"The school hall, the bell rings. Red and Annie walk one way, Kyle and Craig the opposite way. Keven opens up his locker. Kyle stops at his locker, and Cartman walks up."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Hey Kyle.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Well?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Well what?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,How are you going to try to get invited to Casa Bonita this time?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"I'm not, Kyle. I know you already told Butters he could go."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Oh. Well... yeah. I, I did."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"So, fine, Kyle, but honestly, I never meant to make you feel like you didn't matter at all to me. I know we argue all the time and I give you tons of crap, but we've also been through a, a lot together, and... maybe that alone doesn't make us friends, but it makes us something. So, ...whatever, you know, just... ah I hope... things will be cool."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,I'm still not inviting you to Casa Bonita.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"I know, Kyle. I'll see ya later. [turns and walks away]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Eh... hey, Cartman? [Cartman turns around] You really don't care that you can't go?"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"I care, sure, but I hope it doesn't mean you and me and Stan and Kenny can't hang out anymore."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"That's exactly what I wanted to hear from you all along. Ah uh I still have to take Butters, but... I hope things can be cool too."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Good.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"And, and hey, if for some reason Butters can't go to Casa Bonita, you can take his place."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Sweet, whatever. [walks on, then mouths to himself] Bingo!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, Friday night. Cartman leads Butters into his bedroom."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"What's this all about, Eric?"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[leads him to a telescope, then turns] Butters, can you keep a secret?"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Well, sure I can!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"For the past five days I've been looking out into space for a school project. This morning, at 3:45 a.m. I... caught first sight of something terrible."
Casa Bonita,Butters,Nnn-how terrible?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"A meteor. A meteor the size of Wyoming, heading right for earth."
Casa Bonita,Butters,What?? [begins rubbing his hands together nervously]
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Now look, ah I could be wrong. I ...pray that I'm wrong, but, I just want you to take a look and... see what you think. [backs up and looks through the eyepiece] Do you see anything?"
Casa Bonita,Butters,I just see stars. [Cartman hops onto a chair and fishes in his left jacket pocket. He pulls out a wad of junk hanging from a string]
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Keep looking. Sometimes it takes your eyes a minute to adjust.
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Nope, uh I don't see any... [Cartman holds up the wad against the objective lens] Oh wait. Oh my God! I see it. I see it! It's a meteor! Oh my God!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Oh my God! Does it look like it's getting closer? [Butters looks through again and Cartman holds up the wad, moving it closer to the objective lens.]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,It is! It is getting closer! Oh my God!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Oh my God! That meteor is the size of Wyoming and it's on a collision course for Earth.
Casa Bonita,Butters,When do you think uh it'll get here?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"I, I don't know, I, have to do some calculations. [heads for his desk and pulls out a calculator] 10 to the power of 1 base 9 divided by pi plus 5 minus 3. Oh Jesus."
Casa Bonita,Butters,What??
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"According to my calculations, that meteor is going to hit Earth in less than four hours."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Oh, you mean we're gonna die?!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"No! No, Butters, we are going to live! Do you hear me?! We are going to live! We just... We've gotta find a bomb shelter!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Wha...? Where is there a bomb shelter??
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Stan's Uncle Jimbo! He has a bomb shelter in his backyard! Come on, Butters! Hurry! [heads out the door]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,AAAAHH! [follows him out]
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,Jimbo's house. Cartman and Butters head for the bomb shelter.
Casa Bonita,Butters,Oh Jeez!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Here we go! The bomb shelter's down here! [opens the shelter's lid]
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[enters and climbs down the ladder within] Oh God! Oh Jesus! [Cartman watches him, then follows him down the ladder]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[reaches the shelter floor] All right, we should be safe in here. This dried food and water should last us for weeks."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"But what about everyone else? I have to tell my parents so they can come here, too."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,No! Butters! I can't let you risk it. I'll go up and get the others.
Casa Bonita,Butters,Are you sure?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[looks away] I'm not sure of anything anymore. [turns and climbs up the ladder. He makes it out and looks down] Now Butters, listen: No matter what happens, no matter what you hear, do not come out! If I don't make it back in time with the others, then it will be up to you to repopulate the Earth."
Casa Bonita,Butters,But I'm the only one down here. What am I supposed to repopulate with?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Well, you know, with your wiener. [Butters just stares back] Just stay down here until you hear word from me. And... pray, Butters... pray for all mankind. [leaves and closes the lid, then locks it]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[in darkness] Oh God, oh God!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, Saturday night. Stan and Kenny are dressed in stripes, Sheila waits in a fur coat, Kyle is in his Sunday best checking his watch."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Where is Butters? We were supposed to leave here forty minutes ago.
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"Well I think we better just go without him, Kyle. It's getting late."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Yeah, screw him. Let's go. [the door bell rings and Kyle looks at the door] Oh, finally! [walks to get the door, but sees Cartman instead]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[bearing a gift] Happy Birthday, Kyle. I just wanted to stop by and give you your present."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Oh. Thanks, dude."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Hope you have a good one. See you later. [turns around and walks toward the street]
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Oh wait. Cartman.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Yes?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Uh Butters didn't show. You wanna go to Casa Bonita with us?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[enters the house] Butters didn't show? I I can't believe it. Uh are you sure you told him the right time and everything?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,I told him 5:30 and we gotta get going. You in?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Well I... really would need to go home first and get my... Weh no no, I guess I have everything I need. Oh, okay, sure."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"All right, let's go."
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"[heads for the front door] Okay, boys. Get in the car."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[gets excited] Casa Bonita, here we come! Casa Bonita! Casa Bonita!"
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"[finds Butters' parents approaching] Oh, hello Chris, Linda."
Casa Bonita,Chris,[misty-eyed. Linda sobs silently] Hello everyone. Have any of you seen our son?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Butters was supposed to go with us to Casa Bonita tonight.
Casa Bonita,Chris,"We know, but... he hasn't been home since last night. The police have been looking everywhere, but... [Linda cries audibly] Well, thank you. Uh, please, let us know if you find out anything. [they leave. Linda is sobbing hard]"
Casa Bonita,Linda,Oh Butters!
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Aw dude, weak."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[lowers his head and walks towards the front door] Yeah. Man, that sucks about Butters. [brightens up] Well, let's get going, shall we?"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Nah. Dude, I c-I can't go to have a birthday party while Butters is missing."
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Yeah, it's kinda weird."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[a little stunned] Ee-yeah yeah. I think you're right, but, on the other hand, I think Butters would want us to go. You know Butters..."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Nah, I can't. We should help look for him."
Casa Bonita,Stan,Yeah.
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"That's very good of you, boys. We can postpone Casa Bonita until next Saturday."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Next Saturday?? I'll never be able to keep Butters in the... [catches himself and waits for a reaction. None comes] In the... depths of my heart for that long. I sure hope he... turns up before then.
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Dude, we should check over at Stark's Pond. Butters always hangs out over there. [exits]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,Yeah. And then we can try the football field. [exits]
Casa Bonita,Sheila,I'll drive you boys. [exits]
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[left alone] Oh, God-damnit! How am I gonna keep Butters down in that bomb shelter for a whole week?!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"South Park, Sunday. In front of the police station, Officer Barbrady stands by while one of his men issues the report to the crowd standing before the dais."
Casa Bonita,Yates,"All right, folks, this is the little boy we're looking for: [holds up a picture of Butters] Leopold Stotch, also known as Butters. He's been missing for two days and was last seen at the school. Let's go find him."
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,The bomb shelter. Butters has found the light switch and is enjoying the rations stored on the shelves along the wall.
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[reading some directions] ""Dried food rations. Add water to feed flavored square..."" [the lid opens up above him] Hello? [rises and looks up] Hello??"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[suddenly looks in, looking terribly roughed up] Butters!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[jumps back, startled] Hwaaaah!!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Butters! Oh God, it was... It was horrible!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Wuh, wait, well, what happened??"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[faking fatigue] The meteor... struck the Earth sooner than I predicted. There was no time... no time...
Casa Bonita,Butters,What about my parents. Did you see them?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"There was mass confusion! Pa... panic! People were crawling all over each other in the streets! It was... awful! When it hit, millions were evaporated instantly. The rest of us... walking around in a... cloud of... toxic... radiation. [coughs]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[heads for the ladder and begins to climb] Oh my God, let me see!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"No Butters!! If you come up, you'll get infected too! You best wait for the radiation level to go down. Probably... next week sometime. After Saturday. Ugh..."
Casa Bonita,Butters,[off the ladder] How many survivors are there? You should all come down here.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"We can't come down there, or else, we'll contaminate you, Butters. No... we just have to survive the best we can. [strains a bit, like he's gonna cough]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Wow... Eric, I can never thank you enough for everything you've done for me."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Thank me by living, Butters. Live. And... rebuild. [coughs] I've got to go. Remember, wait one week for the toxic levels to go down. On Saturday. [moves off] G-goodbye! [locks the lid down once again] All right. Just six days, Butters. Sit tight."
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Police station, night. News 4 is covering another announcement by the police."
Casa Bonita,Field reporter,"Tom, it has now been three days since the Stotch child has gone missing. Townspeople continue to search, but hope... is dwindling."
Casa Bonita,Yates,"All right, folks. I wanna thank you for all your efforts. Three days is a long time, but we've got to keep going if we're gonna find him."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[not spoken, he's thinking this while Yates speaks.] Heh you're not going to find him. Not until after Saturday when I go to Casa Bonita. [closes his eyes and begins anticipating. Three images come up. The first is of his waitress bringing him food, the second is of him dancing before a mariachi band, the third is of the cliff divers. He begins to dance while he daydream]"
Casa Bonita,Yates,"Many times in cases like these a child can trap themselves. It is important that we spread our search to duct pipes, wells, and bomb shelters. [Cartman's dance is rudely interrupted by this]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,What what what?
Casa Bonita,Yates,"I say we need to move the search to ducts, wells, and bomb shelters. Let's move out, people! Every second counts! [the crowd breaks up and begins the search]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,UUuuugh!! [runs off]
Casa Bonita,Butters,"But if you leave me now, you'll take away the biggest part of me.Oo-oo-ooooo-oo girl, baby please don't go. Eh,Oo-oo-ooooo-oo girl. [the shelter lid opens again] Eric? [rises and looks up the shaft] Eric, is that you?"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[scrambling down the ladder] Oh God! They're coming! They're coming! We gotta get out of here! They're coming this way!
Casa Bonita,Butters,Who's coming this way?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"The cannibals! Don't you know? The meteor destroyed all of society, Butters. Now Earth is ruled by packs of wild humans gone mad! Those of us who survived are now being hunted by flesh-starved cannibals!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Oh God! I hate cannibals!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"They're coming this way! I can hear them coming. They'll find you down here for sure. And when they do, they'll eat you alive."
Casa Bonita,Butters,Noooo!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"We've gotta get you out of here! Come on! Oh oh no wait, I forgot! The toxic radiation! Hey wait! We can use this box! [picks it up and promptly drops it over Butters so Butters can't see a thing.] There we go. This should keep you protected from the toxins."
Casa Bonita,Butters,But I can't see nothin'.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Believe me, Butters, you don't wanna see what's up there. Now come on. I'll guide you to a safer location. [guides him to the ladder and nudges him up] There you go. Two more steps and you're at the top. [Butters climbs out] Good."
Casa Bonita,Butters,Are we out in the destruction?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Yes. There's nothing but smoldering bodies all around you. Burnt out buildings, and what used to be our town."
Casa Bonita,Butters,Aw man.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"All right, this way, Butters. Just follow the sound of my voice. [walks off. Butters follows]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"An open field, night. Butters and Cartman are walking through the field behind a row of houses, far enough away so that no sound can reach them."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Right now we're walking by what used to be people's houses, now just smoldering burnt piles of rubble."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Huh... Oh, it's terrible."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,We're coming now to the crater where the meteor hit. A hole in the Earth over two miles in diameter.
Casa Bonita,Butters,Whoa!
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,The old gas station.
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Here we are at the old gas station. It survived a lot of the impact. We might be safe here. [steps to the other side and begins making noises, then steps back] Oh my God!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Whaaat??
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"It's a cannibal! Stay back, cannibal! [steps to the other side and begins making noises, then steps back]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,AAAAHH!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"We've got to fight them off! [jabs at the air a few times] Stay away from Butters! He's humanity's last hope! [makes ""cannibal"" noises] Awww! He bit me! He bit off my hand!!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Waaaaaah!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[picks up a twig] Aw man, he's eating my hand like a piece of chicken! Can you hear the bones crack? [goes to Butters' other side and begins breaking off pieces of the twig as he makes more ""cannibal"" noises.]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Ooohhhh!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Wait! Look here! There's a dead body with an axe in the back. I'll pull out the axe and use it to chop off the cannibal's head. Hunh! [swings it and kills the ""cannibal""] Die! [one last jab, the ""cannibal"" ""croaks"" and it's over]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Ooooh, what happened? What happened?!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[feigns exhaustion] The cannibal! The cannibal's dead, Butters! But he bit me, [checks out his hand] which means soon I will have a taste for human flesh as well."
Casa Bonita,Butters,Oh no!
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"We have no choice, Butters! We have to lock you away somewhere where even I can't get to you!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Uh w-where??
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Look! There's an old refrigerator! [reaches it and opens it] Get inside, Butters! I'll break off the handle so nobody can get to you!"
Casa Bonita,Butters,Aren't you coming?
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Too late for me. I can already feel my... body start to... change. [begins to ""change""] No! Must... fight... it... Don't open this door for anybody, Butters! No matter what you hear, stay inside for four days! Here's some water and food from the shelter."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Eric, you're the ...best friend in the whole world. I... I love you."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"I love you too, man. I just [goes into spasms] You look so delicious! Must eat your brains! [lunges at Butters, who quickly closes the refrigerator door. Cartman walks up and rips off the door handle, then walks away chuckling to himself. A few seconds later a garbage truck backs up and removes the refrigerator from the gas station]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. Cartman is happily asleep in his bed and his alarm goes off."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Hah! [turns off his bear alarm clock, hops out of bed cheerfully and skips to his wall calendar he made just for the occasion.] It's Wednesday! It's Wednesday! [crosses off Tuesday on his calendar] Only three more days till Casa Bonita. I'm gonna go through Black Bart's Cave first. No! I'm gonna watch the cliff divers first! Maybe if I tell them it's my birthday, they'll let me cliff-dive in the pool! [walks off to get dressed] Oh, that would be so bad-ass!"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Park County Trash Dump, night. The refrigerator is now there and begins to heave. Butters kicks his way out of it, having run out of air."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[rises, catches his breath, and dusts himself off] Finally I can breathe a- [looks at the apparent devastation around him] Oh my God. Oh my God, the meteor took out everything! It's all destroyed. Nothing left. [walks forth] Hello? Are there any, are there any other survivors? Hello? Oh. That must have been where the library was. And that was probably the school. Hello? [rustling sounds are heard and he tenses up in fear, then softly] Oh. I forgot, I gotta watch out for radioactive cannibals. [more loudly] Is that a cannibal? Sir? Ma'am? [he watches, and a dog emerges from the rubble] Oh. Aww, it's a little dog. [approaches the mutt] Well, hello there, Mr. Dog. Looks like you and me are the only ones who survive the meteor, heh. We should stick together, huh, Mr. Dog? Well come on, we gotta start cleanin' up this mess, and rebuild this civilization. Boy, that meteor sure did make everything stinky. [walks into the rubble and begins his work]"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"South Park, day. On the highway, Sheila drives the boys towards their destination. All the boys are now wearing suits instead of sweaters. Stan, Cartman, and Kenny sit in the back seat."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"We're on our way to Casa Bonita! We're gonna be there very soon. You're gonna love Casa Bonita, Stan. There, there's this one part where you can dress up in Old Western clothes and get your photo taken in a fake jail."
Casa Bonita,Stan,Really?
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Yeah, it's pretty cool."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[sniffs] ""Pretty cool."" So, um, should we go to Black Bart's Cave first or watch the puppet show? I think we should go through Black Bart's Cave right away 'cause, we're gonna wanna do it seven or eight times. And then we'll watch the cliff divers before the puppet show."
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Dude, it's Kyle's birthday. We should do whatever he wants to do."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"What? Fuck Kyle. [the others look at him in astonishment] Ha ha, j-just kidding, birthday joke. Of course we'll do whatever Kyle wants, uh. Happy Birthday, Kyle."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Happy Birthday to you. Happy- [looks at the other boys for support]
Casa Bonita,"Stan, Cartman, Kenny",Birthday to you. Happy Birthday dear Kyle. Happy Birthday to you. [they pass a missing person's billboard with Butters on it and South Park PD's phone number].
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Park County Trash Dump, day. A worker drives into the dump in her truck and pulls out stuffed trash bags from the truck bed."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[off-screen] You take away the biggest part of me. [the worker listens, then goes to the source of the sound] Woo-oo-ooooo-oo-oo, uh baby please don't go. [hums a bit; the worker arrives to see him sweeping] Woo-oo-ooooo-oo-oo, I just had to find my say to you tan..."
Casa Bonita,Worker,"Hello? [her name tag reads ""Irene.""]"
Casa Bonita,Butters,[quickly arms himself with the broom] HAAAAGH! Who are you? Are you infected?
Casa Bonita,Worker,With what?
Casa Bonita,Butters,"You're not a cannibal, are you?"
Casa Bonita,Worker,No?
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Oh. [drops the broom and smiles] Oh good. You're a survivor, like me. Look, Mr. Dog, another survivor. And it's a lady, too. That means we can repopulate the earth. Yippee!"
Casa Bonita,Worker,"Kid, what are you doin' here?"
Casa Bonita,Butters,"I'm rebuilding society. Here, take a look. [moves off to his left, she follows. They pass a row of makeshift buildings that he built overnight] This is the library, and over here is the bank. That over there I'm thinking into a P.F. Chang's or a Bennigan's. And this [a statue that reads Cartman under it] is a memorial to Eric Cartman, the person who gave his life so that I could rebuild society. Well ma'am, I guess we should start repopulatin' the earth, huh? [promptly unzips and drops his pants, then steps forward.] I'm ready whenever you are."
Casa Bonita,Worker,"Kid, I don't know what you think is going on, but this place is a dump."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"Hey, that's not very nice! This is my first society! I'm doin' my best!"
Casa Bonita,Worker,"No, I mean you're at the garbage dump. The town is right over there, everybody is fine, and I think they've been looking for you for over a week."
Casa Bonita,Butters,"[looks at her for a long time, then looks towards the town] Oh... [realizes he's been tricked, he looks down and pulls up his pants.] Ma'am, can I use your phone?"
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Casa Bonita, night. Sheila pulls into a parking space."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"We're here! We're here! Casa Bonita! [the boys climb out of the car] Aw man, this is gonna be so great!"
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"Wait up, Eric. We need to stay together. [Cartman stops and dances in place. A phone rings] Uh, hold on boys, that's my cell phone. [fishes it out of her purse and answers it] Hello? Yes. Oh, that's great! [to her charges] Boys, they found Butters. [Cartman stops dancing and his grin turns into panic] He's okay."
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Oh, awesome."
Casa Bonita,Stan,I knew he'd turn up.
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"Yes, Eric Cartman is with us. Why? [her face turns stern] Oh really? [Cartman looks around for a way to escape]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,What?
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"Yes, I will certainly let him know. Thank you. [hangs up and puts the phone away] Well, it appears that Eric here is responsible for Butters missing, because he wanted to go to Casa Bonita. [the anger now registers on the other boys' faces]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,What?
Casa Bonita,Sheila,"Eric, the South Park Police are already on their way here to have a little talk with you!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,But... Casa Bonita.
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"[approaches Cartman, who turns around] I should have known better! You never cared about my birthday at all!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[turns to face Casa Bonita] But I... [turns back] but... [suddenly takes Kyle hostage] Stand back!
Casa Bonita,Stan,"Cartman, stop it!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[backs up towards the restaurant with Kyle still hostage] I... am going... to Casa... Bonita! [sirens are heard]
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"It's too late, fatass. [Cartman stops] They'll be here in less than a minute."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,[hauls Kyle away a bit longer] Ah! Eh. Nuh! [throws him away and dashes for the entrance] Less than a minute! Less than a minute!
Casa Bonita,Kyle,[rises and turns around] Cartman!
Casa Bonita,Scene Description,"Casa Bonita, inside. Cartman races into the restaurant."
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Oh, awesome!! [approaches a table which has a family enjoying its dinner] Excuse me, excuse me? Can I get to eat some of your- [grabs some food from both the mother's plate and the father's plate] Thank you. Thank you. [climbs over the table] Oh, I've got to get to Black Bart's Cave! [hops off and runs for the cave, barging his way past two other kids] Ah! Excuse me? Excuse me! Coming through to Black Bart's Cave! [runs in] Oh! [stops at a treasure chest with a pirate skeleton beside it] Oh, scary! Look, a skeleton! [moves on] Oh man, I'm so scared! [exits]"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"Oh! Oh! Oh, that was awesome! Oh! Oh! Cliff divers! [rushes to them, stopping long enough to dance before the mariachi band] Come on! Come on, dive! [atop the waterfall, a cliff diver stands ready] Dive, asshole! [the diver dives into the pool below] Oh, awesome! That was cool, huh? [looks towards the entrance and sees the rest of his party and the police enter the restaurant] Whoa. [dashes for the jail set at the Photo Flash Back. He puts on the suit waiting for the next customer and looks out from behind bars. His picture is taken and he quickly jumps down from the cell. He moves on to the table he dreamt about two weeks ago] Sopapillas! Can I get some sopapillas please?! [a waitress arrives with a plate of sopapillas] Sweeet! [runs off with it and heads for a new attraction] Oh! Booth! Puppet show! Puppet show! [an officer steps in and blocks his way, he tosses his dessert away and turns back]"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Cartman! [the boys and Sheila trace his path and close in on Cartman. Cartman runs up along the side of the ""cliff"" until he gets to the top, where two other officers meet him]"
Casa Bonita,Yates,"All right, kid! End of the line!"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,"[steps left] Ah. [steps right] Uh. [moves around a bit more, then jumps off the cliff] Yeeeesss!"
Casa Bonita,Kyle,"Jesus Christ! [Cartman ends up face down in the water, which isn't deep enough to drown him. He flips over and coughs."
Casa Bonita,Yates,"Well kid, you made an entire town panic, you lost all your friends, and now you're going to Juvenile Hall for a week! Huh, was it worth it?"
Casa Bonita,Cartman,Totally. [smiles]
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. In Mr. Garrison's classroom the kids enter and go for their desks."
All About Mormons,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's take our seats. [a blond boy stands to his left] We have a new student joining us today who has just moved here from Utah. I want you all to say hi to Gary. [Gary looks around. The kids don't say a word]"
All About Mormons,Gary,Hello everybody. It's really great to meet you all.
All About Mormons,Mr. Garrison,"Gary was state champion in wrestling AND in tennis. [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny look at each other] He also maintained a 4.0 grade point average at his old school AND has been on two national commercials for toothpaste."
All About Mormons,Gary,"I'm really excited to live in this town and share all kinds of great experiences with you, my new friends!"
All About Mormons,Kyle,"[quietly, to Stan] Oh, dude, what a little asshole!"
All About Mormons,Stan,"Yeah, screw that kid!"
All About Mormons,Mr. Garrison,"All right, Gary, why don't you take that empty seat and we'll get started with the lesson? [Gary goes to the seat to Cartman's right as Cartman looks on with some trepidation. Once Gary is seated, Cartman lurches away from him about six inches]"
All About Mormons,Gary,[offering a handshake] Hey. My name's Gary.
All About Mormons,Cartman,[falsetto] Hi. My name's Eura. Eura Fag.
All About Mormons,Gary,"[laughs] That's funny. You're cool, man."
All About Mormons,Mr. Garrison,"Okay now, who can tell me what year the first astronauts landed on the moon? [writes ""Moon Landing"" on the board]"
All About Mormons,Gary,[without hesitation] Oh! Oh oh oh! Nineteen sixty nine!
All About Mormons,Mr. Garrison,"Very good, Gary. Wow, looks like I don't have a class full of retards anymore, doesn't it, children? [writes ""1969"" on the board]"
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The playground. Gary is kicking a soccer ball around. The other fourth grade boys approach and look. Shown are Craig, Butters, Kyle, Clyde, Stan, Cartman, Token, Kevin, and another boy"
All About Mormons,Kyle,"Dude, that new kid is such a douche!"
All About Mormons,Cartman,Yeah. Somebody needs to put him in him place!
All About Mormons,Butters,"He's a peckerface, that's what he is!"
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Go kick his ass, Stan."
All About Mormons,Clyde,"Yeah, go kick his ass."
All About Mormons,Stan,"Well, maybe he won't fight."
All About Mormons,Cartman,Will he bleed? That's all we care about.
All About Mormons,Kyle,"Come on, dude, somebody needs to wipe that fuckin' smirk off his face!"
All About Mormons,Craig,"Yeah, little bitch!"
All About Mormons,Stan,"All right, I'm gonna go kick his ass. [leaves]"
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Yeah! Go Stan! Go Stan! [then, when Stan is gone, softly] All right, I've got five bucks on the other kid. Who wants in?"
All About Mormons,Gary,[looks up as Stan approaches] Oh hey there! You wanna kick the ball around with me?
All About Mormons,Stan,No. I'm... I'm gonna kick your ass.
All About Mormons,Gary,Excuse me?
All About Mormons,Stan,I'm gonna kick your ass... [glances back] bitch.
All About Mormons,Gary,"How come you wanna fight me? ...Oh, I get it. I'm the new kid. [sigh] Yeah, I guess maybe I deserve it."
All About Mormons,Stan,[off guard] Huh?
All About Mormons,Gary,"It's really tough being in a totally new place, but I think all you guys are really cool so... I understand if there's initiation rites."
All About Mormons,Stan,"Dude, stop it."
All About Mormons,Butters,"[back in the crowd] Let him have it, Stan!"
All About Mormons,Stan,"Shut up, Butters!"
All About Mormons,Gary,"The other kids are watching. Look, do what you gotta do. I won't fight back. I just hope that maybe afterwards we can... try to be friends someday."
All About Mormons,Kyle,[back in the crowd] What are they doing?
All About Mormons,Cartman,"They're just standing there, talking. [A few moments later, Stan returns defeated. He glances back at Gary, then approaches the other boys]"
All About Mormons,Kyle,"What happened? [Stan glances back, then looks at Kyle]"
All About Mormons,Stan,I'm... [stares back at Gary] going over to his house for dinner tonight.
All About Mormons,Token,What?! How did that happen?
All About Mormons,Stan,[stammering] He's a really nice kid.
All About Mormons,Cartman,"You were supposed to kick his ass, not lick his butthole!"
All About Mormons,Kyle,You're having dinner with his family? What kind of family has a kid like that?
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"Gary's house. His family is enjoying itself at the dinner table, playing a board game, ""LIVING"", and laughing."
All About Mormons,Dad,"Okay, my turn. [turns a little wheel] Ooo, five! [moves his piece] One two three four five. Uh, awww, lost your mortgage, pay ten thousand dollars! Oh no! [they all laugh. Gary and Stan enter]"
All About Mormons,Mom,"Hey, it's Gary!"
All About Mormons,Older sister,Gary!
All About Mormons,Older brother,Great to see you!
All About Mormons,Mom,How are you?
All About Mormons,Gary,"Hey everybody! This is my new friend Stan. Stan, this is my mom and dad."
All About Mormons,Dad,Hi Stan!
All About Mormons,Mom,It's so nice to meet you.
All About Mormons,Gary,[the camera pans to the older brother] And this is my brother Mark.
All About Mormons,Mark,Hi!
All About Mormons,Gary,[then to the older sister] My sister Jenny.
All About Mormons,Jenny,Hey!
All About Mormons,Gary,My little brother Dave.
All About Mormons,Dave,Hi!
All About Mormons,Gary,And my baby sister Amanda.
All About Mormons,Amanda,[removes her pacifier] Hello Stan!
All About Mormons,Dad,"Well, it's great you could join us for Family Home Evening, Stan!"
All About Mormons,Stan,What's that?
All About Mormons,Gary,That's when we don't allow any TV and just entertain each other with music and stories. Doesn't your family ever do that?
All About Mormons,Stan,No.
All About Mormons,Dad,Hey kids! Why don't you grab your instruments and play a song for Stan!
All About Mormons,Jenny,Oh yeah!
All About Mormons,Mark,"All right! Let's play! [the kids grab their instruments. Jenny and Gary take guitars, Mark takes a trumpet, Dave takes the drums, and Amanda takes the little piano. The kids launch into song]"
All About Mormons,Gary,"Yeah yeah, yeah, I love my family! My family is the best! If we ever have to face a challenge."
All About Mormons,The kids,My family!
All About Mormons,Gary,"Can pass the test. [the parents bounce softly to the beat. Next scene, the family is back at table for dinner. Mom comes in with a big turkey platter]"
All About Mormons,Dad,Oh boy! Who is the best Mom in the world?? [the rest of the family chatters. Next scene shows Dave juggling three balls]
All About Mormons,Mark,All right! Go Dave!
