The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys get off the couch and leave.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Lying kicks ass!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,South Park Public Access. Meanwhile...
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,Jesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Yeah?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,We're in trouble. The Jimbo and Ned Show made up some ridiculous staring frog story and jumped another two points in the ratings!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uh-oh, sssooo what are we supposed to do?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"I don't know. We'll have to continue with the changes we've made, and then go even further."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stage Hand,"And we're back in five, four, three..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Remember, big, big, big!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus and Pals has a new opening sequence, with Jesus walking backwards into view and throwing his jacket over his shoulder. Meanwhile, 'Jesus and Pals' scrolls along the bottom as both his logo drops down from above. His signature blinks here and there. A montage follows with Jesus talking to a monkey in one screen and Jesus waiting for calls in another. The last thing you see is J&P."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"If you're just joining us, we've been listening to Michelle's incredible story of survival. Go on, Michelle."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michelle,"[Tearfully.] Well, as I was saying, I tried and tried, but my overturned car just won't budge. My husband was trapped for twelve hours."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"And yet, somehow, he managed to survive."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michelle,"That's right. He's a very brave man, and I love him very much."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Husband,"[In a wheelchair, head bandaged.] I love you, too."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"W-well, let's see if the audience has any questions."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A large woman raises her hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Yes, uhh, you over there."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus walks down to her.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Large Woman,"I think she needs to kick him to the curb, baby!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience applauds.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Kick who to the curb?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Large Woman,Her no-good husband! She's got to lose that zero and get herself a hero!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience applauds.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,But--
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Red-Haired Woman,"He wants to have his cake and eat it, too. He's got to dump that trash girlfriend."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,She grabs the mic.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Red-Haired Woman,It's all about respect. You've gotta have respect for yourself.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The audience applauds. Michelle is shocked, and her husband drools a little blood."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Uuh-I think we've somewhat missed the point here. Let's go to somebody else.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus backs up to an African American.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Yes, your comments."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michael Jackson fan,"Montel, I think we're forgetting something very important in all of this. Okay, sure, he touched some children, but the man is a great singer and he has entertained us for so many years."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,esus,Wha-what are you talking about?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michael Jackson fan,"Michael Jackson. All this baad-mouthin' and puttin' the man down. Maybe he did touch some children now and then, but come on! It's Michael Jackson! Michael Jackson!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience applauds.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uhh, we'll be back right after these messages."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"In the woods, the boys set up for another staring frog video. Cartman is behind some bushes and Kyle is in front of them. Stan and Kenny face them."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Ready, you guys?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle/Cartman,Ready.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman is hiding behind the bush.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Okay. Action!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The camera rolls, and the frog is dangling from a fishing pole, jumping around. Cartman, holding the pole, speaks in a spooky voice."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Blululululululuh. I am the deadly Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. I am very scary... And dangerous!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Cut! Cartman!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,[Popping up.] What?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,It's supposed to be a frog!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,I know that!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Since when do frogs talk, Cartman?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,[Thinks.] It's a Sri Lanka frog!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"[Holding the camera.] Der, Cartman!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Der yourself, hippie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Just do it again, Cartman, and don't make it talk! [Resumes filming.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Okay. Here we go. Ready? Are you ready, Cartman?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"[Pops up.] I'm ready, Steven Spielberg! [Drops.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Action!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,[Moves the frog around.] Blulululuh. Screw you guys.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Downtown. The boys have Cartman wearing a grey wig, a pink dress, and black high heels."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Well, why do I have to dress up like an old lady?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"'Cause old ladies are fat and you are, too!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Ee-goddammit!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Come on, Cartman, the way we're filming this, nobody will even know it's you."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,They better not!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Okay, when I yell ""action"", you start to walk this way, then Kenny's going to pull the plastic frog in front of you, and you have to be scared."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Scared of a plastic frog?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"It's acting, Cartman. You have to pretend you're really scared, then the Mexican staring frog will look you in the eyes, then you fall down, like you're dead, okay? Ready?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Man, this is stupid."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Good. A-and action!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Kenny walks in front of the camera with the frog, as Cartman screams and falls on his back."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Eee-ee-ee-ee!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo and Ned back on the set.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, it appears as though a lot of you ""skeptics"" thought that the film we showed of the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka was a fake. That you say it didn't harm anybody. Well, it just so happens that we just received another film from another anonymous viewer. [Looks away.] Roll it!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The two scenes have been spliced together, except that Cartman falls on his left side, and Kenny added his own touch by mooning the camera."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"There you go! Proof that not only is this frog real, but it is doing harm to the people of South Park as we speak!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mmmm-damn that frog.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, that does it! All this week, Ned and I will be--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,South Park Public Access. His producer is watching Huntin' and Killin'.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"--risking life and limb as we go on location to hunt the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Join us, won't ya?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Ooh, no, no, no, no!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus walks up behind her.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen! Damn, those hunters are clever!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uhhh, clever?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"It's genius, it really is. Hell, I even want to watch them hunt the Mexican staring frog. Unless..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Unless what?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Unless we can prove to the City world that the whole thing is a sham. If we prove that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka is just something..made up by Jimbo and Ned, we can have them taken off the air. Perhaps even killed!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Look, why don't we just stick to our own show? People will watch again."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"[Wearily.] Oh, J. You are so omnipotent, and yet so naive. We'll launch a full investigation, and in the meantime, we can cash in on the video tapes."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,What video tapes?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A commercial begins.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Yea, children. I am the way and the light..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,You've seen Jesus and Pals. Now you've got to get the video!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus and Pals: Too Hot for TV! A man pours some whipped cream on the chest of a topless bikini-clad woman wearing a cowboy hat.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,Things get a little out of control!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Another guest yells obscenities at another guest, but his mouth is censored."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,You won't believe your eyes!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus is flanked by two Klansmen as he interviews them.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"Order now, only $19.95!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus is Lord!!! Visa, MC, and AmEx accepted."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"Remember, this is stuff you can't see on TV!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Two other women in bikinis take off their tops and dance around. Their breasts are censored with bars saying ""TOO HOT!!!"""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Next day. Jimbo and Ned with cameraman Tom and producer drive through the town.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Anonymous tip?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Tom,"Yeah, it was left on our answering machine. All it said was that they saw the Mexican staring frog just south of Stark's Pond this morning."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hey, Ned. Remember that time when we got the anonymous tip back in 'Nam?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Tom,You were in 'Nam? Where were you stationed?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mmm-Da Nang.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,With the log ride?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Yep.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Tom,"Man, I was in Tet. We had a bad-ass roller coaster, but... all we ever wanted was a log ride. We waited and we waited, but... they never built us one. I think..Danforth wanted the log ride more than anybody, but he... he had to settle with that lame dinosaur water adventure ride."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,That war was hell on everybody.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Tom starts sobbing.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Good. Okay. Okay, bye! Good news, everybody. This week's ratings are through the roof! We're up to twenty people!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Wow! Do we got more money?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"No, but I do. We're now the highest-rated show on Mountain Cable Access! God bless the Mexican staring frog!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The boys are back in the woods, and their frog is on a small boulder."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Dude, they're gonna look so stupid."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Dude, totally."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"They deserve it for lying to us, dude."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"[Relishing the moment.] Revenge is so very, very sweet."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,They're here! Hurry and hide!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,They run for cover in a patch of shrubs. Jimbo stops his hummer and the men get out.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Let's hunt!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,We'll start with a two-shot of you and Ned getting your equipment together and--
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"Mm-Jimbo, look!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Hit the deck!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,They hide behind a snow drift.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,What is it?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,It's him! The Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. He's right over there on that rock.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,He is?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Dumb-ass! You've got to keep your eyes away from him!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The producer tries to sneak a peek, but Jimbo forces him down again."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Stay down. Ned, you take flight position; I'll try and keep it turned away from you."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mm-roger that.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Ned leaves the drift, as Jimbo stands, facing the camera."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hello, fellow hunters. Have we got a show for you today."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned moves behind the cameraman and begins his assault.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,The Mexican staring frog is sunning itself on a rock directly behind us.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned jumps from behind one tree to behind another.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"We've got to take the frog by surprise. I'm gonna create a diversion using this incendiary device, while Ned will ambush him from the rear."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jimbo pulls the pin out and throws the grenade behind him. It hits the rock, but the plastic frog simply went about face."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Now, Ned! He's not looking!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned advances quickly.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Quick, Ned, hit him with the shotgun! Now, Ned!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Silence.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Ned. Ne-ed?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"He turns around and draws closer to the rock. He sees Ned, now catatonic, looking at the frog."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Oh, no!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Close-up. Ned's hair stands on end.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Come on, Ned, buddy, snap out of it!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned's gun drops from his good arm.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Come back to me, buddy."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,You getting all this?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The cameraman smiles and gives a thumbs up.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Hold onto your butts.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo fires away at the frog with his shotgun.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Take that, you demon frog!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo rushes up to Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Ned, Ned? Can you hear me?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,He turns to his crew.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Quick! Somebody, call an ambulance! This man is catatonic!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,Get the Flight for Life helicopter!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys rise out of the shrubs.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Holy crap, dude."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Hells Pass Hospital. Jimbo is at Ned's bedside reading to him.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"...""but Ponyboy was beat up pretty bad. He kept saying, 'stay gold.'"""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo closes the book and watches Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Aw, Ned. If you can hear me, y-you've got to snap out of it, 'cause if you don't, uh-I'll never forgive myself."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys enter the room.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Aw, Stanley, he's gone! My only friend in the world is gone!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Dude, he's okay. That frog wasn't even real!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Look!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Kyle holds up the plastic frog, which puts Jimbo on guard."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Aghh! What the hell are you doing? I almost looked right at it!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Dude, it's just a plastic frog; it's not real. Check it out!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo drops his guard and inspects the frog.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,What..?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,We shot all those videos and sent them in.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Yeah, we made the whole thing up. It was all just a really, really funny joke! [Grins.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,You sent in those videos?!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"[On the phone.] Oh, this is not good."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"My best friend is a vegetable, and I'm gonna be the laughingstock of South Park!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Aw, come on. Ned's faking it. That frog was just a piece of plastic!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Yeah. Come on, Ned. Quit fakin'."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,No response from Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,You boys don't understand. Ned was so freaked out by the idea of the Mexican staring frog that he must have sent himself into a deep coma.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus' producer is suddenly at the doorway with a satellite listening device.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus' producer,It's a psychosomatic response. [Entering.] I couldn't help overhearing your conversation just now.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Who are you?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus' producer,"I produce a little TV show called Jesus and Pals, you might have heard of it. Your story is amazing; full of jealousy, duplicity, backstabbing and bitterness."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Uhhhh... Thanks?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus' producer,How would you like to share your remarkable story with us on tomorrow's show?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus and Pals, after a commercial break. Today's topic: Tots in Trouble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"We're back with Jimbo and his nephew, Stan. These kids can't stop lying, can't they?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"That's right, Jesus. No respect for their elders. As some of you may know, I host a local show on hunting."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A woman claps.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Thanks. We've been hunting the Mexican staring frog for a week based on some video footage we received from a viewer. Well, it turns out that these kids faked the footage!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Is that true, Stan?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,It was just a joke; we didn't think it would hurt anybody.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus looks over to see his producer signaling him to call for a break.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uhh, we'll find out more about this debauchery when we return."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,A-and we're out.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus walks off the stage, as the producer walks on."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,You're corpses out here! We need a lot more action from everybody!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Like what?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Like, go ahead and tell how your nephew Stan takes drugs and worships Satan."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Satan. Got it.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Whoa, I don't take drugs and worship Satan! That's lying!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Give you a taste of your own medicine, you little fibber!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,And you kids! I didn't bring you on this show to be boring. Somebody get pissed off and throw a chair at Ned here.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman raises his hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Dibs!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Remember, you all start to fight after the chair is thrown. That's your cue."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Roger.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The theme music plays again and the crowd applauds for the next segment. Action.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Welcome back to Jesus and Pals. Jimbo, why do you think little Stanley lies?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,I'll tell you why. Because he's on drugs and worships the devil!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience and Stan gasp.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Audience,Jeesus! Jeesus! Jeesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Wow. Now, Stanley, it sound like your uncle is really worried about you."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Well, I only..did it 'cause... he..molested me."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus' jaw drops. The audience boos, and the sound man and the director high-five each other."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Why, you little piece of crap!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,You big piece of crap!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,That's it! Now I'm all pissed off!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman takes his chair and throws it at Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Take that, hippie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The chair hits Ned, who continues to just sit there."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Hey!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Audience,Jeesus! Jeesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo picks up his chair and throws it at Cartman. The chair hits a woman in the right side of her head in the audience and she gets up angry. She heads for the stage.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus tries to calm things down.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"O-okay, okay, that's enough."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Woman,"[Slugs Jimbo.] Take that, you asshole!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo falls. She jumps on him and strikes again.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Woman,What the fuck was that?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uh, let's watch the language, people."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Bring it on, you bitch!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,She hits him again.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Ey, get off of him, you fuckin' nutsack!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Audience,Jeesus! Jeesus! Jeesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"A blond man pushes Jesus out of the way as he heads for the stage. The rest of the audience follow suit, and soon everyone is fighting."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Let's all just..make our way back to our seats.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kenny is being pulled apart by two men.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kenny,(Nononono-yikes!)
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A man in a green shirt hits Kenny in the face with a chair.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kenny is ripped in half.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man in green shirt pulling Kenny,"Yeah, yeah, yeh... [Gasps.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man in blue shirt pulling Kenny,"Yeah, yeah, yeh-oh?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man with chair hitting Kenny,"Oh, Oh! Aah! AAAAGGHH!!! [Gasps.] Ooh.. Ew [Shrieks.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kenny begins crying.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kenny,"[Sobbing.] (OW! OW! DUDE, PLEASE STOP!! OH, FUCK! YIKES!!!!!)"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The 3 men, Stan, & Kyle gasp in horror to see what happened."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Oh, my God! They've killed Kenny!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,You bastards!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman comes flying across the stage.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Ey, you guys!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Two men just sitting in the audience start to fight for no reason.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Let's all just..make our way back to our seats.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Woman,"Oh, my God!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A man walks by with a chainsaw.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Shut the fuck up!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience members stop and gasp at him. Cartman was biting at the leg of a man onstage.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Jesus, what is wrong with you people?! Look around you, Stanley. Look at all the pain and suffering your lie has caused."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience members slowly return to their seats.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"W-we only did it because Jimbo lied to us first. We had this report on the Vietnam War for school, and we interviewed Jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about Vietnam, and he got us in trouble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A couple of rats come by and drag Kenny's upper half away.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hey, now. Everything I told you boys about the war actually happened."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Mr. Garrison said that there was no way that you could have defeated the entire Vietcong Army by yourself.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,The entire Vietcong Army?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"I uh... Well, okay, I might have embellished the truth a little, but that's different."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Is it?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, sure. I mean, eh... [Pinned.] Well, no uh, I guess not."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"And as for you, Stan uh, I think you need to kick your drug habit and--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Wait a second, I don't take drugs! That was a lie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Wait. Jimbo made that up?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"No, your producer did."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,This gets the producer's attention.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,She made Jimbo tell everybody that I did drugs.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,What?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"During the break. Your producer came over, and told Jimbo what to say about me. She told him to lie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"It's true, she did. Hu-I'm such a tool."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Oh, really?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The producer is now trying to hide behind a potted plant.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Yeah! Then she told us to throw a chair at Ned!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Yeah. I didn't wanna do it, Jesus. They made me do that."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man in Brown Shirt,Screw this show. I thought this was all real.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience members begin to leave.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"W-wait, everybody. Come back."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michael Jackson fan,"[Pats Jesus on the shoulder.] Don't feel too bad, Montel. We all want to touch children sometimes; it's only natural."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"South Park Public Access, outside. Later..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"I'm sorry, Stan. I was just trying to tell a good story. I never meant for you boys to get in trouble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"W-we're sorry, too, Uncle Jimbo. We're sorry for making you look stupid in front of the whole world."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Yeah. And we're sorry for turning Ned into a vegetable.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Aw, he'll be fine. I'll just take him home and show him some good hard-core porn, he'll snap right out of it. Won't you, Ned?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jimbo slaps him on the shoulder, and Ned falls like a statue. A door opens."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,I want to apologize to all of you for what happened in there. In our competition for ratings we lost sight of why we got into show business in the first place.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Yeah. Titties and beer.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Actually, I was referring more to the pursuit of truth, but—Well, anyway, I can't wait to get back to my old show without all the glitz and the ratings and producers and--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Wait a sec. Where is your producer?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,[Upset.] I sent her away.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Sent her away where?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Hell. She enters Satan's lair with phone in hand. Pitchforks rise and begin poking her.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,What is this? What's happening?!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Satan,Welcome to my dominion.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,[Retreating.] Oooooohhhh!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Saddam Hussein,"[Comes up behind Satan and stands next to him.] Hey. Take a load off. Put your feet up. Me and Satan were just aboot to go shopping for furniture. Come on, Satan."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Satan,"Okay, honey."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"They turn around and walk away, the camera enters her mouth as she screams."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,Noooooo!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"End of The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka. War is hell My brother's a dirty mess In war, war is hell It's hell for you and me"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,A mountain pass. Ms. Crabtree is driving the kids somewhere going uphill. The kids are having a grand time running around and tossing paper airplanes. Cartman has an entire two-tiered chocolate cake in his lap.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,BE QUIET BACK THERRE! THESE ROADS ARE SLIICK!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Hey, Cartman!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Are you gonna share any of that cake with the rest of us?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Finishes a bite.] Hmmm, let me see. No!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Come on, fatass! You shouldn't be eating all that cake anyway!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Mmm. It's chocolaty and delightful.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Give us some, Cartman!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,[Turns around.] BE QUIET BACK THERRE!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Whoa, dude. The road is really snowy out there."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, the road is always snowy."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"I know, but, it's really snowy today."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Now baiting.] Mmm. I can't possibly finish this whole cake. Oh, yes I can. [Resumes eating.]"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Shut up, Cartman!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Ms. Crabtree slams on the brakes, opens a box, and pulls out a bunny."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Okay, that does it! Y'all be quiet or the cute little bunny dies!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"She now points a gun at its head. The class gasps and look at her for a while. Sure that she has made her point, she puts the bunny back in the box and resumes driving."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, she always tries to quiet us down by threatening to kill that bunny, but I wonder if she ever would."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Oh, she would, dude. She would."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The bus comes to a halt at a road block.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,GOODD!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The sign reads: Road Closed due to Avalanche. Detour at your own risk.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"OH, FOR CHRIST'S SAKE I DON'T BELIEVE THIS!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She starts up the bus and takes the detour.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Come on, fat boy, give us some cake now."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Exhausted.] I can not possibly eat one more bite of its chocolaty goodness. Oh, but but but, but I'll try."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Dammit, Cartman, you are such a fat fuck!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,[Spins around.] WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She turns back around just to see the bus head for a road shoulder where the road starts to turn.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Whoa oh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"She slams the brakes on, but the bus goes over the shoulder and tumbles down the side of the hill."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Hold oonn! Aaaaa!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The kids tumble all over the place and scream, but Cartman just munches away on the cake, quite undisturbed. The bus bounces on the bottom of the hill and lands on a river upright, floating on down."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,I'm scared!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"BE QUIET, KID!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The kids look back at where they were as the bus continues down the river - and over a waterfall, straight down."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),All,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Near the river, a guide is taking a couple bird-watching."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Guide,...Aand right up here you can see a red-bellied chickadee. They're indigenous to this area.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The guide walks forward. The husband takes a picture of the chickadee. In the background, the bus falls past them."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),The Kids,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wife,What was that?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Guide,[Turns.] What was what?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,At the foot of the waterfall. The bus plunges into the water and bobs up facing backwards.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),All,Aaaah-
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"It is carried further down until the river bends. Then the bus is washed up onto the river bank, on the other side of which is a cliff. The bus teeters on the precipice."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,All done!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman takes his seat, but leaves the cake tin on the floor. The rest of the kids moan and groan, and they are strewn all over the bus."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I SAID 'QUIET,' OR ELSE I KILL THE BUNNY!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The bunny and gun are out again, and the kids shut up."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Where are we?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,I have no idea.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,I don't think we're in a very safe spot.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Yeah, what are we supposed to do?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Just keep your trap shut. I'll consult the manual.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She reaches for it and leafs through until she gets to it. She tosses the book away and reaches for the videotape drawer.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Ms. Crabtree?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"SHUT UP, KIID! I HAVE TO WATCH A TRAINING VIDEO!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Trainer,"[The video starts.] Welcome to tape 7 of the bus driver's video guidebook. What to do if you become stranded. By now you've calmed down the children and kept order by using the 'keep quiet or I'll kill the bunny' technique. Now, it's time to get help. The most important thing to remember is that the children will be safe as long as they stay on the bus. So do not, under any circumstances, let any children off the bus. The best way to achieve this is to tell them something like, 'A big scary monster will eat you if you step off the bus.'"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"KIIDS, DO NOT GET OFF THIS BUS. IF YOU DO A BIG SCARY MONSTER WILL EAT YOU!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Trainer,"That's right. With the children properly subdued, you can leave the bus and go out looking for assistance. And remember your bus driver's code: 'Sit down. And shut up!'"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I'm goin' for help. Ah'll be back as soon as I can. Remember. Don't get off this bus, or a big scary monster WILL EAT YOU!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She gets off the bus and walks down the river bank. The bus teeters a bit.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,"Hey, why doesn't the scary monster eat her?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"'Cause, dombass, scary monsters don't eat big fat smelly bitches!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"I said, 'Larry King won't grant me three wishes.'"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Oh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, this is not good! She could've at least kept the heat on."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,A roadside. Ms. Crabtree has found a vertical path leading down to the road and climbs down some large boulders.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Had to happen to me, didn't it?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Reaches the curb and puts out a thumb.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Lookin' for love in all the wrong places Lookin' for love in too-
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The truck driver sees Ms. Crabtree, then lowers the mirror and sets his hair."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Whoa uhih, it's supper time. Come to poppa."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He stops his rig and lowers the passenger window.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Whoa uh heh hello, little lady-yeh. Goin' my way?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,SHUT UP AND HELP ME INTO THIS THIING!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Whoa. Hehum huh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,[Grunts.] Yeah! [Now seated.] COME ON! I HAVEN'T GOT ALL DAY!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Uh huh. Alright, sure, of course."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He checks out her legs and grins.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"TAKE ME TO THE NEAREST TOWN AND MAKE IT SNAPPY, YOU FREAK-ASS CRACKPOT!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Uuuh, yeh, yes ma'am. Righta right away, ma'am.}"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He starts up the truck.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"So uh... Uhwhat's a- fragile little doe like yourself doin' out on a, on a night like this?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"LOOK, MISTER, I GOT A BUSLOAD OF KIDS TRAPPED UP ON THAT PASS! I NEED A CRANE, HELICOPTERS, ALL THAT CRAP! HERE, LET ME HAVE SOME O' YOUR ASPIRIN!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She takes a couple.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Uh uh- ma'am, those are actually roofies."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"ROOFIES, ASPIRIN, RIGHT NOW I DON'T GIVE A RAT'S ASS!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The driver is quite happy right now.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,HOW FAR TO THE NEAREST TOOWWN?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Mm-... mm-it's a ways.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Next day, and the bus is still there."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"You guys. What if Ms. Crabtree doesn't come back, and we're all trapped here forever."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,"[Gasp, then individually.] What? Huh?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"We couldn't get trapped here forever, Cartman. We'd die after a couple of days."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The others gasp.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Dude!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,I don't wanna die on this- bus with you assholes! [Panics.] You guys suck!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Would you just relax? We've been in a lot worse situations than this and come out of it just fine.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Worse than this?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Well sure. Don't you remember that time that the aliens kidnapped your little brother Ike? Now, that was scary."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Stan's Tale: from Cartman Gets An Anal Probe, but with a twist. The boys and Wendy, are in the forest waiting for the visitors, using Cartman, who is tied to a tree by his foot, as bait."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman tugs at his foot, testing the rope."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Oh, man, this sucks."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,How come the visitors aren't coming for him.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,I think we have to signal them somehow.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,[Farts fire.] Ow!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wendy,"Hey, he's like Rudolph."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Yeah. [Shouting] All you have to do is fart some more, Cartman! And the visitors are sure to come!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Really? Uh, I don't think I have to fart anymore tonight."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Sure you do!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Come on Cartman, fart!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,I don't wanna.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,[To Kyle and Wendy] He can't hold it in forever.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Fart, damn you!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Okay, that's does it! Now listen! Why is it that everything today has involved things either going in or coming out of my ass?!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman farts, and an anal probe comes out of his butt."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Whoa, look at that."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,It's completely immature!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The probe is starting to resemble a truck.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Hey, it's happening again."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The assembly is done, and a clerk stands ready to serve ice cream."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"It's a ice cream truck. Now do you believe this, Cartman?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,You guys can't scare me!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Cartman, there's an ice cream truck sticking out of your ass."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The mother ship and three daughter ships come down, and visitors appear. They walk over to the truck."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Hey, look. The aliens are getting ice cream."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Wow! I guess everything's going to be okay.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He walks over to Wendy and kisses her good.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wendy,Mmmm.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Back to the bus.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Now, that was what I call a sticky situation."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,You can say that again.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Was that how it happened?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,In the Trucker's Cab.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"STOOPP! LET ME OFF, YOU TURD!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Hey. Uh I wanna help you. Uh, I care a lot about that bus full of uuh- what was it again?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Children.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Yeah right. Leh, let me come with you."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,They get out of the truck and head over to Pauly Shore's Funny Pit.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHO- WHAT THE HELL IS THIS CRAAP?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"[On stage.] I hate flyin'. Talk about somethin' I hate, it's flyin'."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"[Nudging Ms. Crabtree.] Say uuhh, are those roofies kickin' in yet?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"WELL, I DON'T THINK SO!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Damn!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,D'you guys like impressions?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Patron,No!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,Here's my impression of Robert De Niro.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Carrot Ass turns around, makes adjustments, and turns again."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"Hey, youse. Youse guys. Shut up, youse!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,YOU SUUCK!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The audience roars with laughter.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"Youse guys, shut up!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,More laughter.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"[As Barney, the dinosaur.] Come on, lady. Iii love you. You love me."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I SAAIID, SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,More laughter. A man falls down from laughing so hard. Carrot Ass pees in his pants and walks off stage. A talent scout walks up to Ms. Crabtree.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,"Baby, you're wonderful! You're a natural! You're the funniest comic I've seen in yeauhs!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHY DON'T YOU JUST SHUT THE HELL UP. I'VE GOT TO GET SOME ASSISTANCE FOR MY BROKEN-DOWN BUUSS!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,Broken-down bus! That's great! Great angle!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Night time at the precipice.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Do you see 'er dude?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Nope.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"God-dammit, how long is this goin' to take?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,She's never coming back. Don't you get it? She left us here to die like pigs.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Calm down, dude. You're upsetting Kenny."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,[Miffed at Kyle.] (Huh?)
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,I can't take it anymore! I have to get out of here! [He begins to hyperventilate.]
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"No, kid! You heard what Ms. Crabtree said: there's a big black scary monster out there!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,"Ehah! Well, I'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you! If I can make it back, ah-I'll send help."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Don't do it, kid."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kid in the red shirt kid hops off the bus and the rest of the class goes over to the left side of the bus to see him off.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Hmm. Maybe Ms. Crabtree did make up that stuff about the big black monster.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The boy turns around and smiles. The bushes behind him rustle. The kids look stunned as the monster comes out of the trees and snatches him up.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,Nooooo-agh!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The monster picks him up and swallows him whole.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Holy crap, dude!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The monster turns and scurries away. The precipice is quiet for a while before the boy's skeleton is tossed back. It lands on one of the bus windows and slowly slides down, leaving some blood. The kids jump back and run around confused."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Bebe,Gross!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids take their seats.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Well, I guess nobody else will be getting off the bus."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"South Park, the next day. Liane Cartman prepares some Cookie Dings dough for baking, and the phone rings, and she answers it."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,Hello?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,"Oh, hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"Oh yes, Sharon. How are you?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,"Ms. Cartman, is your son at home?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"Hu-old on, dear, let me check."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Liane lowers the phone.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"Hon, I made beefy logs."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Silence.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,I made Cookie Dings.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Silence.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"No, he's not here."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,"Well, now I am worried. I've tried all the houses and nobody knows where they are."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"Oh, dear!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Denver.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,"I'm telling you, Marty, this woman is a natural! I haven't seen a funnier person since Maury Povich."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Marty,What's her angle?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,I can't even explain it. You have to see it.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Marty,"Alright. Well, this better be good."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The talent scout turns around and goes to the door.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,"Come on in, come on in."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"WHUAT THE HELL DID YOU BRING ME TO DENVER FOR, YOU BRAIN-DEPRAVED FECOPHILIAC?!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,"Mr. Jonus, this is Mrs. Crabtree."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Marty,Pleasure to meet you.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,YOU LOOK LIKE A LUMP OF DOGSHIT JUST GOT HIT BY A CAR!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,What did I tell you?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Marty,"She's fantastic. How would you like to make a million dollars, baby?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO SUCK MY ASS?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Marty,Let's get started right away.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Are you gonna be all right?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,DON'T TOUCH ME!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Uh ah-I'm sorry. Do you need anything?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,No. I just...
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,I can't help but feel that I've forgotten somethin'.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Another night at the precipice.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,What time is it?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,(Almost 7:30.)
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,On Wednesday or Thursday?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, I think it's Saturday now."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,What?! I'm missing the new Fantasy Island.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Kyle turns around and stares out the back window.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Aw man, I don't think it's very safe to be on this bus."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Well, we can't go anywhere or else that big scary monster outside will get us."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,What do you think it is?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"I don't know, it's- a big scary monster."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Kyle turns to listen.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Hey. Maybe it's that thing, Scuzzlebutt. [He sits back down.]"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Don't you remember? That time we were out hunting with your uncle Jimbo and Ned.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Kyle's Tale: from Volcano, with a twist. Jimbo, Ned, and the boys are running from the flowing lava."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boys,Aaaaaa!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Jimbo,The lava's comin' right for us!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Heellp!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The lava is charging down the hill, and the boys, Jimbo, and Ned have reached the trench. Scuzzlebutt appears, and they stare in awe."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Jimbo,"Jimminy Hope, it's the real Scuzzlebutt!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,What?! Scuzzlebutt's real?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Oh my God! Look at his leg!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Brent Musberger,"Hi kids, I'm TV's Brent Musberger."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Dude! He got Brent Musberger for a leg!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),All,Aaaa!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Jimbo,"Quick Ned, shoot it!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Ned tries to cock the gun but nothing is happening.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ned,"Mmm. Oh no, out of ammo."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Hey, look!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scuzzlebutt,Grrrr.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Scuzzlebutt has fashioned some ice cream cones out of thin air.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Dude! He's making ice cream.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Scuzzlebutt offers the cones to the boys, Cartman takes the chocolate one."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Scuzzlebutt kicks ass!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Now, that's what I call a sticky situation."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Okay, so we can agree that the monster outside can't be Scuzzlebutt, because Scuzzlebutt's nice."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Hey. Maybe it's our teacher, Mr. Garrison."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Don't be stupid, Cartman. Our teacher wouldn't be out lying in the forest waiting to kill us!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Oh no? Don't you remember the time he went crazy, and tried to kill Kathie Lee Gifford?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Cartman's Tale: from Weight Gain 4000. Mr. Garrison is in the book depository waiting for Kathie Lee to pass by.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mayor McDaniels,[Excitedly.] Here she comes!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The band marches down the street, followed by Kathie Lee Gifford's car and entourage. She's in her bubble waving to the crowds."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Garrison,Come on you little bitch.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"He takes aim, but the view is fuzzy as he focuses in on her."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mayor McDaniels,[On stage.] It is with great pride and honor that I'd like to welcome Mrs. Kathie Lee Gifford to South Park.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The crowd cheers. Kathie Lee's security force throw her, bubble and all, on stage."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kathie Lee,Thank you.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison has his target, but Stan and Wendy rush in."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Mr. Garrison, stop!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Garrison,[He turns to face them.] Leave us. We must finish what we have begun.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wendy,But Mr. Garrison!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Garrison,[Faces them again.] She's not really Kathie Lee Gifford. She's some kinda alien.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kathie Lee,Thank you. And I love you all.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,A shot pierces the bubble and enters Kathie Lee's head. The crowd gasps as she holds her head. She rips it open to reveal a vicious little green alien.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Alien,Naawwr!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The alien jumps out of the bubble. Mr. Garrison follows it in his sights and shoots it dead.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Garrison,"[Facing Stan and Wendy.] See, I told ya."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Stan and Wendy shrug and lock lips.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wendy,Mmmm.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mayor McDaniels,"[Sheepishly giddy.] Wow, this is gonna put a damper on the day. [Into the mic.] Let's have ice cream, everyone! [The crowd cheers.]"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman is on stage, totally ripped, he flexes with a vanilla ice cream cone in his left hand."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Beefcaake!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Now, that's what I call a sticky situation."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"But the monster outside couldn't be Mr. Garrison, 'cause Mr. Garrison used a gun."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Oh, yeah."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Burbank, NBC Studios, 11:35 p.m."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Announcer,"Live from Burbank, it's The Tonight Show, with Jay Leno. Tonight, Jay's special guests include: Washed-up Actress from a sitcom. And the comedy of Mrs. Crabtree. And now, here's your host, Jay Leno."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"He comes out with a very long chin, down to his knees. He turns and waves at the audience."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,"Just relax, sweetheart, you're gonna kill out there."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,KILL WHO?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,Huh that's great. Use that. [Holds up his thumbs.]
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Honey du-, do you need anything?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,JUST GIVE ME ANOTHER ONE OF THEM ROOFIES.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,[Rushing up.] Sure.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"He offers it, and she takes it and swallows."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Mr. Mackey's office. A crowd of people is gathered in there with Mr. Mackey.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Mackey,"Oh oh okay? Let's try to calm down, n'kay? This type of thing happens all the time."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,What do ya mean?! How often does an entire third-grade class go missing?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Mackey,"Well, 99% of the time, when a child is missing, it's because they've run away. M'kay?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The parents gasp.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,Run away?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sheila,"[Fretfully.] Oy, I knew I shouldn't have made Kyle eat that gefukahukah."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Randy,How do we get our runaway children back?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mr. Mackey,"Well, we just need to make some posters, nkay? Hand out brochures, onkay? That way, the public can know what the chldren look like and can call in if thry're spotted, m'kay?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,Let's get started right away! They could be halfway to L. A. by now.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sheila,It's only a matter of time before they're selling their bodies and buying smack.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"About town. An insistent tune plays. Posters of the missing kids are going up everywhere. Gerald pins a picture of Kyle on a tree, and Randy tapes one of Stan on a light post."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Man 1,"Come on, everybody!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Man 2,We've got to find those kids!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Man 1,"If we all put our heads together, we can find them!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Man 2,We can do it!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Liane is in a bikini passing out pictures of Eric. This draws men, young and old, from all around."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Man 3,Hi.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"On a wall are pictures of, from left to right, Bebe, Clyde, Stan, Kyle, Macaulay Culkin, Pip,..."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Midnight on the precipice. The bus rocks slowly and with a loud thud.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,What was that?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,What was what?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, I think the scary monster is right outside the bus!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,What could it be? If only we knew what we were up against.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,(Hey you guys. Remember when Terrance and Phillip was off the air?)
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Hey yeah, I remember that."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,"(All I know is that it was a loong time ago, and Death was chasing us on a bicycle down the street.)"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Kenny's Tale: from Death. The boys are running down the street, Death pursues them, and Grandpa Marsh pursues Death."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),The Boys,Aaaah! Aaaah! Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Death is following the kids on a tricycle, while Grandpa Marsh is trying to keep up with Death on his electric wheelchair."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Grandpa Marsh,Come back here you pompousy son of a pansy!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),The Boys,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,[Sees Death close to Kenny.] Don't let him touch you! You die if he touches you!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Grandpa,Come over here you son of a whore!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Everyone passes the electronics store without stopping to see Terrance and Phillip. Death is about to touch Kenny when Kenny decides to defend his life.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,(Take... that!)
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Kenny flips Death off the trike and starts jumping on him. Death starts coming apart.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,"(You dick! That is for me, and that, that and that, that and that, that, that, that!)"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Kyle and Stan return to watch.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Oh my God! Kenny- killed... death!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,You... bastard?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Kenny reaches into Death's corpse, pulls out a strawberry ice cream cone, and starts licking."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,(Heheheh. Now that's what I-he call a sticky situation!)
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Yeah, but the monster outside couldn't be Death, because Death only touches you, it doesn't eat you."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,"(Oh, yeah.)"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Well, who really cares what that monster is outside? As long as we stay on the bus, it can't hurt us. Right?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The roof rips open and the scary monster reaches in and gropes for someone. Butters jumps for the front window, and Pip and Craig try to open their windows."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,AAAAH!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kid,MOMMY!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The monster's claw settles on Kenny and pulls him out.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,"[Gasps.] (Uh oh. Hey uh, you guys! Help me doooowwwwnnnn! Heeyy, you guuuuyyyyys!)"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The monster scurries away, holding Kenny tight."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Oh my God, it's killing Kenny!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,You bastard!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Stan watches as Kenny and the monster disappear.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Hoh boy, we're in big trouble."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Cartman looks out through the gaping hole in the roof.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Hey you guys. Can we order a pizza?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Back at The Tonight Show, Ms. Crabtree's segment has just started."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU ALL STARIN' AT?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The audience laughs.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"STOP LAUGHING, YOU WHORES!!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,More laughs.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I SAID, SHUT UP!!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The audience is hushed, then roars with laughter again. She stays quiet and walks off stage."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Jay Leno,Let's hear it for Ms. Crabtree. What an up-and-comer!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Well. That was great, ma'am."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Was it? Does it even matter?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Wwhat do ya mean?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Success is hollow, Mitch, hollow like a dead tree. I think it's time for me to give it up."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Are you sure?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Ah-I'm sure. Let's get a cup of coffee.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"They walk off. Meanwhile it's daytime, and the sun is shining into the bus through the roof."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,I wonder when the monster is gonna come back to feed again?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids shiver.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,We've just gotta stick together.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Yeah. There's got to be a way out of this.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Hay, wait a minute."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Remember the time when Fonzie jumped over the buses with his motorcycle?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Happy Days' Tale: Arnold's at night. Every kid of driving age shows up to see Fonzie jump the buses. Two of his many admiring girls get him ready for the jump, then walk away. The Fonz revs up the bike."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Joanie Cunningham,"Go, Fonzie!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Fonzie,Eeeeyyyy!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The Fonz strikes a pose and gives a thumbs up.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"You can do it, Fonzie."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"We believe in you, Fonz."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Fonzie,Eeeeyyyy!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The Fonz revs up his motorcycle and heads for the ramp. He passes it and turns around, does a wheelie, and goes for the jump. He sails over the buses and lands. He gets close to the crowd and loses control. Everybody but Kenny gets out of the way."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,"(Hey, that freakin' bike-!)"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Fonzie's bike smashes him into the brick wall and bounces off, and Fonzie sails over the wall. After a moment, Kenny drops, and Fonzie gets up behind the wall."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Fonzie,[Triumphantly.] Eeyy!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a chocolate ice cream cone, then starts licking."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Oh my God! They've killed Kenny!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,You bastards!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Now, that's what I call a sticky situation. Uheheheh, heh."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"You dumbass, Cartman! That's not the way it happened!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Yeah, dude! Kenny just died eight hours ago from that monster! How could he have died back then, too?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Thinks.] Oh yeah, I guess that doesn't make sense."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"As he turns around, the bus lurches again."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Oh no!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The bus teeters.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,What are we gonna do?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,[Running around.] Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Nighttime arrives, and Kyle looks out the back window as the kids move around. Clyde and Red run to the front, and Craig runs from the front door to the seat behind the driver."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Now we need more weight in the back.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Red and Clyde run back, and the third kid runs back to the door."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"No, that's too much!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Clyde and Red run to the front, but stop halfway. The front of the bus drops back to the ground."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,There. [Drops into his seat.] I think we got it.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"I don't know how much longer we can keep this up, dude."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Don't worry. Everything's gonna work out. It always does.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,It does?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Sure. Remember that time that that kid in the red shirt decided to go off on his own?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The Ensign's Tale: Two nights ago. The kid in the red shirt decides not to wait for help to come, but to go and look for help himself."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,"Ehah! Well, I'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you! If I can make it back, ah-I'll send help."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Don't do it, kid."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kid hops off the bus and the rest of the class goes over to the left side of the bus to see him off.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Hmm. Maybe Ms. Crabtree did make up that stuff about the big black monster.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),The boy turns around and smiles. The bushes behind him rustle. The kids look stunned as the monster comes out of the trees and traps the boy.,Dialog
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,Nooooo-agh!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The monster picks him up and swallows him whole.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Holy crap, dude!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The monster pulls out a spoon and some ice cream to enjoy with his meal.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Hey look! He's got ice cream!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Kyle and Stan smile.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,Hooray! Yea!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The roof opens up.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,Aaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman smiles, and ice cream cones start dropping in for the kids to catch."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,Yea! Ha ha.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids enjoy the treats.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Now, that's what I call a sticky situation."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,A marsh. Ms. Crabtree and the truck driver are enjoying a quiet moment.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Wow, this is gorgeous. I don't think I've ever seen anything so beautiful."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"From a distance, this place looks like a cold, damp marsh. But once you get inside it..."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,They look at each other.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"...you realize that it has an inner beauty, far surpassing others."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He hugs her a little tighter.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Thank you for sharing your time with me, Ms. Crabtree."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Please. Call me Muffin.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"I'm having a nice time, Muffin."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Me too, Marcus. I've forgotten all about my cares in the world."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The precipice. All her cares are still waiting for someone to rescue them.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Aw damn, man. Now I'm missing the new Barnaby Jones."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Hey. Ms. Crabtree had that little TV, for the trainng video? Maybe we can watch TV on it."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Hey yeah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman hops down, goes to the driver's seat, and turns on the TV. After a second or two, News 4 pops up."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Tom,"...And all over America, kids are turning to the streets and running away. Tonight, a very special message from the parents of some runaway children, in hopes that their young will hear their cries."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Randy,"Hello, Stanley. It's me, Poppa."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Stan looks glum.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Randy,"Gosh, your mother and I miss ya. And I hope that... wherever you may be, you'll hear this message."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Music begins, and Randy sings passionately."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Randy,"Little lamb, you're lost in the great big world Runaway, findin' streets so cold"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,[Pointing at Stan.] Du-hude! Your dad's a retard!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Stan looks embarrassed. On TV, Gerald steps up to the mic."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Gerald,"Please come home, Kyle."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Now Kyle looks glum.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Gerald,You left home lookin' for somethin' new.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Kyle is really embarrassed.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Gerald,But all you need is right here waitin' for you
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh at Kyle.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),The Parents,"Runaway, come home. We love you just as you are. Runaway, come home. We're sorry things went this far."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"There are twelve adults present: The Marshes, the Broflovskis, the McCormicks, Liane Cartman, Mr. Garrison, Kevin's mother, and three unidentified adults."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, did it ever occur to them to just look for us?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Clyde,I hope my dad doesn't sing.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Hey! Do you guys remember the time I found out who my father was?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Boy, do I!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Cartman's Tale: from Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut. All the men are gathered at Mephesto's room in Hell's Pass Hospital. The boys and Liane are also there.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Mephesto,"Oh. As I said before, the father is somebody in this room. The father is... John Elway."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,All gasp. Congratulatory music plays.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Sweeeeeett! [Smiles big.]
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),John Elway,Uh oh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"This kicks ass, you guys! John Elway is my father!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He starts a little cheer.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"My father is John Elway, My father is John Elway Deedun, Deedun."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,John Elway comes over to Cartman.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),John Elway,"Come on, son. I'll buy you some ice cream."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman looks up lovingly at his purported father, and they walk away. Curiously, Liane Cartman is left behind."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Now, that's what I call a sti-"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Wait a minute. I though your father was your mother 'cause she had a penis.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"What?! Eeyy, you son of a bitch! I'll kick you in the nuts!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"He hops off his seat, and the bus moves a little, then Cartman's weight heaves the bus. He makes his way to the back."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Cartman, no!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The bus slowly starts to teeter.
