Towelie,Stan,"Okay, we will."
Towelie,Towelie,"[raises its arms in victory] Alright! [lowers them, then after some moments] Do you wanna get high?"
Towelie,Kyle,No we don't wanna get high!
Towelie,Towelie,Okay... You sure?
Towelie,Cartman,"Yes! Go away, you stupid towel! [Towelie goes away]"
Towelie,Stan,"Oh, dude! Did you see that? I cut off your face and ate it!"
Towelie,Cartman,That's... so... cool!
Towelie,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later... The boys have repositioned themselves and look half-asleep from all the game play. Doughnuts and ice cream appear - a cone is on the rug with its ice cream melting. Sharon walks up to them again."
Towelie,Sharon,"Okay, boys, that's it. You have to go now."
Towelie,Stan,"No no, it's okay, Mom. We c-we can't go to baseball practice 'cause Kyle has cancer."
Towelie,Sharon,"No, Stanley, it's Monday morning. You have to go to school."
Towelie,Cartman,It's Monday?
Towelie,Stan,"Oh, uh, I'm sick."
Towelie,Kyle,Me too.
Towelie,Sharon,"No, you're not sick. Now get to school. [disconnects the console from the TV] All of you."
Towelie,Stan,But Mom...
Towelie,Sharon,Go!
Towelie,Boys,Aagh!
Towelie,Scene Description,"Bus stop, moments later. The boys are now waiting for the bus."
Towelie,Stan,Can't believe we have to go to school!
Towelie,Kyle,"Yeah, real life is so boring and stupid."
Towelie,Stan,We just have to try and make the day go as fast as possible so we can get back to GameSphere. [a green car pulls up in front of them. Two soldiers are in it]
Towelie,Commander,"Hello, boys, how are you?"
Towelie,Stan,Fine.
Towelie,Commander,"Say, boys, this may sound a little ...odd, but... have you see a ...talking ...towel around anywhere."
Towelie,Kyle,What? You mean Towelie? [the two soldier look alarmed. The passenger quickly gets on the radio]
Towelie,Commander,"Echo, this is Garrett. I've got a code 5 at... [checks his map] Park County, Colorado! Repeat! Code 5, Park County, Colorado! [the men look at the boys]"
Towelie,Cartman,"What, dude? [the driver steps on the gas and the car peels away. The passenger soldier looks out the window and back at the boys.]"
Towelie,Stan,This is gonna be one looong-ass day. [Ms. Crabtree pulls up and the boys get on the bus.]
Towelie,Scene Description,"Stan's house, Monday afternoon. The boys arrive there from the bus stop"
Towelie,Stan,That was the longest day of school ever!
Towelie,Kyle,"Come on, hurry. I bet we can get to level 29! [the boys burst in and head for the television]"
Towelie,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room. The boys stand in from of the television"
Towelie,Kyle,Where is it?
Towelie,Stan,It... it was right here.
Towelie,Kyle,Where the hell is it??
Towelie,Cartman,"Come on, man, this isn't funny! [Kenny, Kyle, and Cartman look around and behind the TV] I need my fix! [the phone rings, and Stan goes to answer it.]"
Towelie,Stan,Hello?
Towelie,Voice,"If you ever wanna see your Okama GameSphere again, you will bring us the towel. [the boys gather to wait for Stan]"
Towelie,Stan,What? Who-who is this?
Towelie,Voice,"Just get the towel and meet us at the gas station outside of town. Or else! [in the background: ""Okama GameSphere!""]"
Towelie,Stan,Don't hurt it! [Click. Stan then hangs up]
Towelie,Kyle,What? [Stan turns around]
Towelie,Stan,They've taken it. They've taken our Okama GameSphere.
Towelie,Cartman,"[in disbelief, backs up.] No! ...No!"
Towelie,Kyle,"Uh-uh-uh what do you mean ""they've taken it""? Oh, this isn't happening! This isn't happening!!"
Towelie,Scene Description,"South Park, sunset. The boys walk down Main Street."
Towelie,Stan,Towelie!
Towelie,Cartman,"Hey, towel!"
Towelie,Kyle,Where the hell is he?
Towelie,Kenny,(I don't know. Where could it be?)
Towelie,Stan,"I don't know. They guy on the phone thought we had Towelie, so now we gotta find him."
Towelie,Kyle,What has this world come to? Where people can just... take your Okama GameSphere.
Towelie,Cartman,"Hey maybe we'd better do a towel call. [the others stop, and he calls out in one direction] Gebaayybeh! [then in another] Gebaayybeh!"
Towelie,Kyle,That's a towel call?
Towelie,Stan,This is hopeless. We're never gonna find him.
Towelie,Kyle,"Hey, wait a minute. Towelie always showed up to give us towel advice when we'd said something about water."
Towelie,Stan,"Hey yeah. [goes into the street and clears his throat] Well guys, let's go to the swimming pool! [looks around. So do the others] Aaah. Let's go take a shower! [all look around] Let's go waterskiing!"
Towelie,Towelie,[walks up] Don't forget to bring a towel.
Towelie,Kyle,There he is!
Towelie,Towelie,"Be sure to bring a towel so you don't get aaall wet. [Stan walks over angrily and takes Towelie's left hand, and pulls him along]."
Towelie,Stan,"Come on, dude! [the others follow]"
Towelie,Towelie,Where are we goin'?
Towelie,Kyle,Just come on! It's getting dark.
Towelie,Towelie,Are we gonna get high?
Towelie,Scene Description,"Outskirts of South Park, night. A full moon shines down on the boys as they reach the gas station"
Towelie,Kyle,Are you sure this is where they said to be?
Towelie,Stan,They said the gas station outside of town.
Towelie,Towelie,"Well, I'm gonna get a little high. [A high-powered light comes on]"
Towelie,Man,Hold it! [ten men stand in the light. Some of them wear red berets]
Towelie,Stan,Who is that? [squints his eyes and blocks the light. Towelie does the same]
Towelie,Man,"Step... away... from the towel! [the boys do so, and an official steps forth]"
Towelie,Official,"There you are, towel. We've been looking all over for you."
Towelie,Towelie,"If you ever go to a hotel, be sure to bring your own towel."
Towelie,Official,"It isn't safe for you out here, towel. There are people out here to mean to harm you."
Towelie,Stan,"'Scuse me, can we have our Okama GameSphere back? We just wanna play video games."
Towelie,Official,Your what?
Towelie,Kyle,"Agh! Look, dude, we're on level 24, about to cross into the Caverns of Madness!"
Towelie,Official,I don't know what you're talking about.
Towelie,Stan,You called us and said if we brought the towel you'd give us our video game back.
Towelie,Official,"Omigod! [shrieks] IT""S A TRAP!! [gunfire strikes him and kills him. Behind the boys soldiers pop up in the hills and continue firing]"
Towelie,Man 2,"Cover! Cover! [the officials and their personal security force fire back, and the light is knocked out]"
Towelie,Stan,"Goddamnit, what now?!"
Towelie,Official,"Run, towel! [a grenade lands between two guards and blows up, shredding them to bits. The boys just look on]"
Towelie,Stan,"[disinterested] Agh. Come on, they've gotta have our video game around here somewhere. [leads the others away]"
Towelie,Soldier 1,Where's the towel?!
Towelie,Soldier 2,"It can't be far! [two more soldiers come up, and others move along behind them] Alvarez, you and Mitchell sweep left!"
Towelie,Guard,[coughs up blood. The boys arrive] Hurry! You must get the towel back to Tynacorp!
Towelie,Stan,[grabs the guard by the lapels and throttles him] Where is our Okama GameSphere?
Towelie,Guard,"Get the towel home [cough] They will explain everything. Please, hurry! [coughs up blood once more, and dies]"
Towelie,Kyle,"Aw, God-damnit!"
Towelie,Stan,"Do you know where he's talking about, Towelie?"
Towelie,Towelie,"What? Oh yeah, back at the base. It's a long ways away."
Towelie,Stan,"Alright, we're gonna have to use this truck. Come on, guys. [they go for the truck. From a distance in a woods nearby, a commander looks at the troop movements]"
Towelie,Commander,Well?
Towelie,Soldier,"They've gone, sir. It's like they've vanished out of thin air."
Towelie,Commander,Damnit! I knew those boys were protecting that towel. [gets pensive] They must have some unexplainable bond with it.
Towelie,Soldier 2,"Perhaps they're telepathically linked to the towel, sir, like E.T. [the commander looks at him annoyed, and he leaves]"
Towelie,Commander,"It could already be anywhere, hiding out again. No, the time for being nice is over. We must instigate... Plan B."
Towelie,Soldier 3,You mean...?
Towelie,Commander,Yes. [camera zooms in] Destroy all towels within a thousand mile radius. [fade to black]
Towelie,Scene Description,"A desert, later that night. The truck rolls along... Stan steers, Kyle, Towelie, and Cartman ride along. Kenny mans the pedals"
Towelie,Kyle,Are we getting close?
Towelie,Towelie,I think so.
Towelie,Stan,"A little more gas, Kenny. [Kenny presses down on the gas pedal]"
Towelie,Kyle,How long has it been since you've been back there.
Towelie,Towelie,"I've been wanderin' around on my own for the past few weeks. You know, helpin' people out with towel safety and proper towel use. It's important."
Towelie,Cartman,No it isn't.
Towelie,Towelie,Is!
Towelie,Cartman,No it isn't.
Towelie,Towelie,"Is! Wait, turn down here. It's down this dirt road."
Towelie,Stan,"Brake, Kenny, brake. [Kenny brakes, and Stan steers the truck to the right to go down the dirt road. Towelie moves to the window]"
Towelie,Cartman,Egh!
Towelie,Towelie,M-maybe it's down that dirt road.
Towelie,Stan,"[sighs] Dude, don't you remember where it is?"
Towelie,Towelie,"I can't remember, it all looks the same. Hold on, let me get high. [pulls out a joint...] then I'll remember where it is. [lights the joint and puffs deeply. The boys watch him as his eyes get bloodshot.]"
Towelie,Stan,"Alright, so where is it?"
Towelie,Towelie,Where's what?
Towelie,Boys,Agh!
Towelie,Kyle,The base where you're from and where our Okama GameSphere is! [Towelie simply snorts]
Towelie,Stan,"Alright, that does it! Brake angrily, Kenny! [Kenny brakes angrily and the truck jerks to a stop] Now listen, Towelie, we've just about had it with you!"
Towelie,Towelie,Well calm down.
Towelie,Kyle,That's it! [takes the joint] You're not getting high again until we have our Okama GameSphere back!
Towelie,Towelie,"That's my last joint, asshole!"
Towelie,Kyle,I don't care! You'd better remember where your base is!
Towelie,Towelie,"Oh man, why is everyone riding me today? God-damnit."
Towelie,Scene Description,"A purple house, night. Inside, in the restroom, a woman washes her hands and face, then pulls a towel out of its rack to dry herself"
Towelie,Woman,"Kevin? Don't forget to wrap the potato salad in aluminum foil. [some strange sounds are heard outside the door] Kevin, is that you?"
Towelie,Soldier,Harris! Reach bang and clear!
Towelie,Woman,"Hello? [the bathroom door flies open and five soldiers pour in, firing away] WAAH! [she falls to the ground quick] Ohmigod! Oh no! Ohmigod! [she covers her head]"
Towelie,Soldier,"Alright, it's clear! It's clear! [the soldiers leave the restroom. The woman gets up and checks herself for bullet wounds and finds none. She turns to see the wall behind her. The towels on their rack are shot through with holes. She blinks, confused]"
Towelie,Scene Description,"a backyard. Mrs. Tweak pulls down some clothes she's had drying on clotheslines. As she nears the towels, three soldiers rush in and start firing away at them"
Towelie,Soldiers,"HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!! [Mrs. Tweak leans out of the way, watching her towels get shot up.]"
Towelie,Soldier,Let's go let's go! [The soldiers finish their job and walk away. Mrs. Tweak straightens up]
Towelie,Scene Description,"A men's gym shower, night. Mr. Garrison is in the shower with two other men. He finishes and wraps a white towel with blue stripes around his waist, then walks towards his locker"
Towelie,Soldier,Get it!
Towelie,Mr. Garrison,What the? [two soldiers rush over and make him face the lockers. One of them pulls off his towel]
Towelie,Soldier,Throw it down! [the soldier throws it down]
Towelie,Mr. Garrison,"Oh alright, have your way with me if you must! Go on, fulfill you sick pleasures! [the soldier stabs at the towel twice, then directs another soldier to fire away at it. The other soldier shoots at it while the other two watch]"
Towelie,Soldier,"Alright, let's go! [the soldiers leave]"
Towelie,Mr. Garrison,Huh where are you goin'?
Towelie,Scene Description,"The truck the boys are driving pulls up in front of a gleaming glass building with ""TYNACORP"" above the entrance, and the boys pour out with Towelie"
Towelie,Cartman,This is where you came from?
Towelie,Towelie,"Yeah, I think so. [gets woozy] Oh man."
Towelie,Stan,What?
Towelie,Towelie,I'm so high right now. I have no idea what's goin' on. [the group goes around the fountain and goes inside]
Towelie,Scene Description,"Tynacorp, inside. The boys walk down a long passageway"
Towelie,Research Leader,"Welcome home, Smart Towel RG-400."
Towelie,Stan,"Ah hi, is this where our Okama GameSphere is?"
Towelie,Kyle,We're missing out on some quality video game time right now.
Towelie,Research Leader,"Thank you for bringing him to us, boys. You see, this is not an ordinary towel. He is the RG-400 Smart Towel, designed with a computer chip inside the terry cloth"
Towelie,Stan,We don't care.
Towelie,Research Leader,"You see, here at Tynacorp, our goal was to make the perfect towel. A towel that would sense how wet or dry the user's skin was and fluff itself accordingly."
Towelie,Stan,"Dude, we don't care."
Towelie,Research Leader,"Towelie was our greatest success. Smart enough to beat the average human at chess and absorbent enough to soak up even the toughest spills. But then one day, Towelie got high and just sort of wandered off."
Towelie,Stan,We... don't... care.
Towelie,Kyle,"All we wanna know is, who has our Okama GameSphere?"
Towelie,Research Leader,"Ah yes, your video game. I'm afraid that what we all experienced was a trap. They called you and said to bring the towel, and then they called us and said they were bringing Towelie back. Their plan was to wipe us all out with one fell swoop."
Towelie,Kyle,Who's they?
Towelie,Research Leader,"Why, the military. You see, after Towelie got high and wandered off from here, the military got a hold of him. They wanted to turn Towelie into a weapon of mass destruction."
Towelie,Stan,"[dismissive] Don't care, don't care, don't care."
Towelie,Research Leader,"Towelie was at their base for months as they tried to copy his TNA. But then, one day, Towelie got high and just sort of wandered off. Again."
Towelie,Cartman,"Goddamnit! Can we please... just get back to playing our video game, PLEASE?!"
Towelie,Research Leader,"I'm afraid not. Because your Okama GameSphere is at ""their"" base."
Towelie,Stan,"Can you tell us where ""that"" is, please?"
Towelie,Research Leader,You mean to go right into their base? [thinks] Of course. The entry code should still be in Towelie's memory banks. You could sneak him in there and recover his TNA. Great plan.
Towelie,Scene Description,"Secret Government Base, night. Inside, various military officials man a command center. Two soldiers walk up to the commander and salute him"
Towelie,Soldier,"Sir! Sergeant Masters and Boll are reporting, sir!"
Towelie,Commander,"Ah yes. [salutes back, and all three men lower their arms] Tell me, Marine, did you accomplish your primary goal?"
Towelie,Sgt. Masters,Sir yes sir! All towels have been destroyed! The Smart Towel is no doubt eliminated.
Towelie,Commander,Ahh. And you're... quite sure of this. [the two sergeants look at each other]
Towelie,Sgt. Boll,"Eh yes sir, there isn't a towel left within a hundred miles."
Towelie,Commander,"Hmm... [taps his pointer on the strategic map] So perhaps, then, you can explain to me why we just got footage of the towel returning to Tynacorp?!"
Towelie,Sgt. Masters,Oo we...
Towelie,Sgt. Boll,"He must have outsmarted us, sir."
Towelie,Commander,Well I'm through playing hide and seek! We've got no other choice! Prepare to blow up all of Colorado!
Towelie,Scene Description,"The night sky. Clouds float by overhead, past the full moon. A helicopter flies into the sky and the camera follows it. Two officials prepare the boys for dives into the military base as the research leader talks"
Towelie,Research Leader,In a moment we will be over the base. This is the only way in. Any attempts on the ground would be easily spotted by guard posts.
Towelie,Kyle,Okay.
Towelie,Research Leader,"[rolls up to Towelie] I hate to send you back in there, Towelie, but only you have their security system in your memory banks."
Towelie,Towelie,That's alright. It's always good to bring a towel.
Towelie,Research Leader,"Good luck, boys. The fate of the world is depending on you."
Towelie,Stan,"We're not doing it for the world, we're doing it for our video game. God, are you deaf?"
Towelie,Guard,"Alright, boys. When you drop from the plane, cover and roll. Got it?"
Towelie,Stan,Yeah. [the boys join Towelie and all go to jump from the helicopter]
Towelie,Guard,"Go go go go! [one after the other, the four boys and Towelie jump off, and then the helicopter leaves. Stan is the first to pull his parachute string, and the others follow. Soon they're all next to each other, floating down. Stan sighs]"
Towelie,Kyle,"Dude, I figured it out."
Towelie,Stan,What?
Towelie,Kyle,"If we can go in, and get the GameSphere in 30 minutes, we could still be back at your house playing video games by midnight!"
Towelie,Stan,"So that'd be, like what, eight hours we could play before school?"
Towelie,Kyle,Seven and a half.
Towelie,Stan,"[getting impatient] Hurry up, stupid parachute!"
Towelie,Scene Description,"Secret Government Base, night. The boys land silently and start walking"
Towelie,Cartman,"Alright, I think we go over there. [the Secret Government Base entrance is shown with Towelie and the boys approaching the gate]"
Towelie,Towelie,"[at the security entry pad] Let's see. [types in some numbers] No. [touches his lips with his right index finger, trying to figure out what to type next]"
Towelie,Stan,"Come on, Towelie! The guy said you have the security system in your memory banks."
Towelie,Towelie,Hey it's been a long time!
Towelie,Cartman,You just have no long-term memory 'cause you get high all the time!
Towelie,Towelie,"[faces Cartman] Don't preach to me, fatso!"
Towelie,Cartman,"I can preach to you all I want, 'cause you're stupid!"
Towelie,Towelie,You're stupid!
Towelie,Cartman,"Yeah, and you're a towel!"
Towelie,Towelie,"You're a towel! [Cartman has nothing more to say, and Towelie hops off the box towards the boys] Just let me get high. I know I can remember if I get high."
Towelie,Stan,"Oh, God damnit! Alright, fine! [gives Towelie the joint] Here's your stupid lighter. [tosses Towelie the lighter, and Towelie lights up. The bloodshot eyes return.]"
Towelie,Towelie,Hold on. [hops on the box and types into the entry pad again.] Wait a second [presses a few buttons] That's it!
Towelie,Kyle,That's it?
Towelie,Towelie,"Yeah. That's the melody to ""Funky Town."" [starts playing the melody on the keypad] Won't ya take me down... to Funky Town."
Towelie,Stan,"No, Towelie, the entry code!"
Towelie,Towelie,[turns around] For what?
Towelie,Stan,"God-damnit, I guess we're gonna have to climb the stupid fence."
Towelie,Scene Description,"Secret Government Base, night, inside. The boys climb over the fence and sneak past a soldier without arousing suspicion. They end up at the genetic research building"
Towelie,Kyle,"Well let's look in here. [opens the door and leads the others in. Before them are cylinders of liquids, each with a floating deformed clone of Towelie in it. They come across a Towelie clone drying under a heat lamp]"
Towelie,Towelie Clone,Kill... me... Kill... me.
Towelie,Towelie,Oh my God! No-o-o-o!
Towelie,Commander,"[enters with four soldiers, who quickly get set to fire] Well well well. Look what the cat dragged in."
Towelie,Towelie,[turns around with the boys] What are these things?
Towelie,Commander,"Genetic copies we tried to make with your TNA. They didn't work too well, I'm afraid."
Towelie,Towelie Clone,Kill... me.
Towelie,Stan,Do you have our Okama GameSphere?
Towelie,Commander,"You did very well to get the towel this far, boys. I wonder: What did they tell you at Tynacorp? That the big, bad government wanted to genetically engineer a Towelie as a weapon? Now let me tell you the real story."
Towelie,Stan,"Oh God, don't care, don't care."
Towelie,Commander,"[pacing proudly, solemnly] Yes, we've been trying to make our own genetic copies of the towel, but only because we had to. You see, when we started spying on Tynacorp, we discovered a certain, terrifying secret. [the boys show no interest.]"
Towelie,Soldier,Go on! Ask him what terrifying secret.
Towelie,Kyle,What terrifying secret?
Towelie,Commander,That Tynacorp was making these towels to take over the world!
Towelie,Cartman,"We're never gonna play our Okama GameSphere again, are we?"
Towelie,Commander,"Don't you see what genetically enhanced smart towels like these are capable of? You get out of the shower and dry yourself off. But even after you're dry, the towel makes you more dry. It keeps getting you drier and drier. [his voice begins to deepen] Can you imagine it? What it would feel like to be way, way too dry? I'll tell you something: You don't want to know. And I don't know."
Towelie,Kyle,And we don't care.
Towelie,Commander,"You've been double-crossed by Tynacorp, kids. They set this all up to get you in here and take us down."
Towelie,Stan,So let me get this straight: Our Okama GameSphere is back at Tynacorp.
Towelie,Commander,Oh yes. It has been all along.
Towelie,Soldier,"Can I kill the towel now, sir?"
Towelie,Kyle,Go ahead. [the boys move away quickly]
Towelie,Commander,"No, wait. [stays the weapon] Perhaps now, we can use their own towel against them. These boys must return to Tynacorp, and we will launch a sneak attack on Tynacorp as well. [zoom in on a tiny camera close to Towelie's lower border. Officials back at Tynacorp's command center are looking at the live feed] You boys can take the towel to Tynacorp's central core, and upload this encryption disk into their system, bringing them down once and for all."
Towelie,Stan,But we don't care!
Towelie,Scene Description,Tynacorp command center. The officials gather around the research leader
Towelie,Official 1,What the hell is this?! The towel was supposed to go in there and then run its own self-destruct sequence!
Towelie,Research Leader,The towel has a will of its own. It's... learning compassion.
Towelie,Official 2,We don't have the manpower to hold off the entire military AND stop those wonderboys from getting to the core!
Towelie,Research Leader,"Then we have no choice. We'll have to test the new prototype a little... earlier. [presses a button. A door with ""GS-401"" on it slowly spins around. A towel rack appears and a mean-looking buff towel hangs from it]"
Towelie,GS-401,[deep voice] Don't forget to bring a towel!
Towelie,Scene Description,"Tynacorp, outside. Shadows appear in the brush across the way. The commander is there with his troops, the boys, and Towelie"
Towelie,Commander,"Alright, boys, take the towel back in there and say your mission was accomplished. [hands a disk to Stan] Then upload this encryption disk into their computers."
Towelie,Stan,We're just going in to get our video game back.
Towelie,Commander,"If anything goes wrong, use this newly-developed photon rifle. [hands it to Kyle]"
Towelie,Kyle,"Photon rifle, whatever. [the boys enter Tynacorp with Towelie.]"
Towelie,Scene Description,Tynacorp command center. The boys walk through the center slowly
Towelie,Stan,"Hello? Hello, anybody here? [GS-401 hops down from the rafters]"
Towelie,GS-401,"Welcome to the party, boys! [flexes and rushes Towelie] HAAARRRHHHH!! [the two towels wrestle a bit]"
Towelie,Towelie,Oooh. Ooohh! Oh boy.
Towelie,GS-401,HAAARRRHHHH!! [Kyle fires the photon rifle and knocks the beefier towel away with the beam. The research team and security force pour into the room angrily]
Towelie,Research Leader,"So, you thought you could outsmart us, did you kids?"
Towelie,Commander,"[he and his troops pour in another door] Aaaaarrrr. Move move move move move move! [the two forces face each other, with the boys and Towelie in the middle] Don't make a move, you bastards!"
Towelie,Research Leader,"Bring the towel here, boys. They can't shoot children."
Towelie,Commander,Don't listen to them. They lied to you before.
Towelie,Research Leader,"Oh yes, boys. Obey your government! Well perhaps it's time these boys knew what was really gong on!"
Towelie,Stan,"Ohmigod, look! [in front of a monitor connected to a long table is the Okama GameSphere the boys had been wanting to get back. The boys rush to it]"
Towelie,Kyle,"Our GameSphere! [the boys each get a controller and activate the GameSphere: ""Okama GameSphere""]"
Towelie,Stan,"Aw, sweet, it still saved our plays. [behind him, Towelie exits screen left as the two forces face each other. The boys quickly get lost in the game play]"
Towelie,Research Leader,"[turns to look at the boys] You see boys, I'm afraid you were double-crossed. If they were the military, why wouldn't they just attack us to begin with? Because they're not the military!"
Towelie,Commander,"Alright, maybe we lied to you, but it was to protect your own skin! We are a resistance group pretending to be the military to bring Tynacorp down!"
Towelie,Cartman,"Whoa, check it out, guys, the parachute level."
Towelie,Kyle,Sweet!
Towelie,Commander,[now facing the research leader] But perhaps we should show these kids who Tynacorp really is made up of. Go on! Tell them why you've been making towels! Zytar! [pulls at the research leader's head and the face comes off. Under it a green fish-alien head appears]
Towelie,Stan,"Oh, there's gold. Get the gold, Kenny!"
Towelie,Zytar,Our planet was dying! We had no choice but to find a new one! Manufacturing Smart Towels was our way to spy on humans to see how they lived.
Towelie,Commander,"[looks at the boys] And now you know the horrible truth, boys."
Towelie,Zytar,"Truth or no, your alien-murdering group is over! [fires a gun at the commander. Both sides begin to fire at each other and there are casualties on both sides. Zytar and two guards slowly back away and out of view]"
Towelie,Cartman,Could you turn it up?
Towelie,Commander,"Boys, try to reach the core override! We've got no choice but to try to take them all out! [the boys continue playing their game, so the commander comes up and reaches for the encryption disk in Stan's pocket, then goes away. Towelie sits on the floor with a huge bong, getting high. The commander reappears across the room moving towards a red button] I think I can get it from here, boys!"
Towelie,Zytar,[returns] What are you doing? You'll kill us all!
Towelie,Commander,"Sorry, Zytar. Didn't your mom ever tell you? Don't mess with earthlings. [inserts the disk and a huge explosion blows the boys out of the room.]"
Towelie,Boys,"Oooww! [Then it blows out the roof and some sides of the main building, and the boys find themselves hanging from Towelie, above a boiling tank of acid]"
Towelie,Cartman,"Hup hup. Come on, hang on. [Stan and Kyle moan]"
Towelie,"Stan, Kyle",Whoa.
Towelie,Kenny,(Help help! Heeelllppp!) [loses his grip on Kyle]
Towelie,Cartman,Kenny!
Towelie,Kenny,"(Nooo!) [falls into the acid tank, disintegrating and sinking. Kyle looks on, but next to him is the GameSphere]"
Towelie,Kyle,"[sees it] Oh my God! Our GameSphere! You've gotta move me closer! [above him, Stan watches large pieces of metal fall to the ground]"
Towelie,Stan,"Hurry up, Kyle! This place is coming apart! [Kyle swings ever closer to the GameSphere]"
Towelie,GS-401,[walks in on an adjacent catwalk and sees Towelie with the boys hanging] What are you doing?
Towelie,Towelie,"Get away from me, you evil towel!"
Towelie,GS-401,"Towelie, listen to me. Let them go. Drop them."
Towelie,Towelie,No way! They're my friends!
Towelie,GS-401,"They aren't your friends! Humans have ruined the planet, killed off their own environment! Their time is over. It is the towels' turn now."
Towelie,Kyle,[swings closer] I've almost got it!
Towelie,GS-401,"You're going to let them go, Towelie! Because... I know your weakness. [holds out a joint. Towelie looks at it longingly] Here. You can reach it. Come on, Towelie! How long has it been since you've had a nice burn, huh?! Twenty, thirty seconds?!"
Towelie,Stan,"[feels Towelie slip] Aw, crap!"
Towelie,GS-401,"You're going to have to choose between their lives, and, getting high."
Towelie,Towelie,You asshole.
Towelie,Cartman,"Towelie, don't let go of us, you God-damned towel! Kyle's almost there!"
Towelie,GS-401,"Come, Towelie! Make your decision!"
Towelie,Towelie,"I-I-I choose... I-I-I choose... both! [Stan is shocked at the answer. Towelie stretches enough to take a puff while holding on to the boys, then slips enough for Kyle to succeed]"
Towelie,Kyle,I got it! [grabs the GameSphere. Towelie pulls himself and the boys up to the catwalk in front of a door. An explosion behind GS-401 sends it into the air]
Towelie,GS-401,Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! [floats down into the acid and disintegrates]
Towelie,Stan,"Come on, guys. Let's go play video games!"
Towelie,"Kyle, Towelie",Alright!
Towelie,Cartman,Hooray!
Towelie,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. The boys are gathered before the TV playing their Okama GameSphere with a new player: Towelie."
Towelie,Stan,"Oh, dude, we finished level 50!"
Towelie,Kyle,Awesome!
Towelie,Towelie,"Oh, man, I have no idea what's goin' on."
Towelie,Kyle,Check it out: Now we're going into the secret underground base.
Towelie,Stan,"Alright, guys, focus. Looks like this is gonna be an underwater level."
Towelie,Towelie,[heavily slurred] Don't forget to bring a towel. [the boys laugh]
Towelie,Cartman,"You're the worst character ever, Towelie."
Towelie,Towelie,I know.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Bus stop, day. The four boys stand at the bus stop waiting for the bus. Each of them wears a gas mask. The boys are silent."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,...Remember when life used to be simple and cool?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,...Not really.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"[runs up] Uh, hey! [The boys jump, startled] How's it goin', fellas?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Butters, what the hell are you doing?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"Huh, well, I'm just standin' around bein' a kid. Why? How come you're all wearing those spooky spaceman masks?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"These are gas masks, Butters!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Yeah! If you don't have a gas mask, you're gonna get smallpox or anthrax!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"What?! [frightened] Oh, Jesus! I don't wanna get the 'thrax, fellas! Uh, what do I do?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,There's nothing you can do except stop breathing.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,Stop breathin'?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Yeah, you can't get it if you don't breathe."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"Well. Alright, then. [takes in a big gulp of air and holds his breath hard. His head goes cock-eyed. A few seconds later, the bus pulls up. The kids on the bus and Ms. Crabtree wear gas masks as well. Officer Barbrady, wearing a gas mask, gets out of the bus to inspect the boys' backpacks. The boys, including Butters, line up before him, and he inspects Stan's backpack. He pokes at it in a few places and then gives it back to Stan. Butters begins turning blue]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,"Well okay. Next? [Stan boards the bus and Kyle steps up, giving his backpack to Barbrady. He inspects the backpack quickly and returns it to Kyle] Next? [Kyle boards the bus and Kenny steps up, giving his backpack to Barbrady. He inspects the backpack and pulls out some magazines...] Let's see: Hotties, Juicy, Whoppers... [returns the magazines and backpack to Kenny, who quickly boards the bus. Cartman walks up.] Okay, next? [Cartman hands him the backpack and Barbrady quickly pulls out some scissors in it] A-ha! What the hell are you doin' with this?!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Those are my Hootie Owlie Round-Tip Scissors.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,"These are a weapon! [holds the scissors aloft, away from Cartman]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Awww, come onnn! How am I gonna kill people with those?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,I'll think of a way. Now move along!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,God-damnit! [boards the bus without his scissors]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,"Alright, next! [No one steps up. Butters is quite blue now and just stands there. Then he just faints forward] Okay, clear. [the bus starts up, Barbrady boards it, and away it goes.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. Along with the regular flag on the flagpole, a larger flag is draped over the front of the school, covering some second-story windows and the center of the school sign. Inside, the kids filter into class and drop off their gas masks along the wall. The door has been fitted with an industrial lock. Tweek enters and locks the door"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tweek,"[drops off his mask] Oh, Jesus, man! They're gonna get me! [sits down] Oh Christ! [under his breath] they might - could get me."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright class, as some of you may have heard, the President has asked that American children all send one dollar to the children of Afghanistan. [holds up a sheet of paper with writing on it] So I have a list of addresses and we're goin' to all chip in."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,HA! I'm not giving a dollar to those towelheads!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Ms. Choksondik,"Eric, the Afghan people need our help!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry, but I thought we were at war with these assholes!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Wendy,"We're at war with terrorists, fatass, not with Afghanistan! And the only reason that you care is that you don't wanna give up the dollar!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"That dollar buys me a chocolate milk for lunch! What, do you want me to just get a regular milk for ten cents? [cue soft music. Cartman stands on his seat] Now look, it isn't our fault that terrorists hate us. We're just kids. We're not the ones bombing them now, we're- we're just kids. [now standing on his desk] There's a lot of crazy stuff goin' on in the world, but, we're caught in the middle. It's not our fault."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Wendy,"The Afghan kids are caught in the middle, too!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Yes, but they're sand monkeys!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, children, we are all sending a dollar to the kids in Afghanistan! That's it! End of discussion!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[drops into his seat angrily] God-damnit, I hate regular milk!!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Afghanistan, day. Adults mill around as fighter planes fly by and bomb a few buildings. Two boys enter from the left and face the camera. They begin Speaking in Dari Persian"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Stan,"(تمام روز ما را بمباران کنند؟ ""Are they gonna be bombing us all day?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,"Afghan Kyle (named ""Akmarh Shulur"")",".هواشناسی گفته هوا که بارونی شه، بعد از ظهر هم خوب می‌شه ""The weather guy has said if it rains, it's gonna be OK in the afternoon."""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Cartman,"!هی! من اینجا هیچی پیدا نمی‌کنم بخورم ""Hey, I can't find anything to eat here!"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,Afghan Kenny (named Keyvan) says something incomprehensible. Probably suggesting playing basketball.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"They move off to play some basketball at a nearby makeshift ball court. The boy who was the first to speak gives the ball to his friend, the second to speak. The friend shoots the basket, but a bomb falls on the backboard, launching the ball away from the court and destroying the backboard and pole"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Boys,Awww!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Stan,".حالا پاشو بریم فیلم ببینیم ""Well, let's go watch a movie."" [then the four move off to their right. They pay for their tickets and head for the doors. A bomb falls on the theater and blows it up]Awww!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Stan,"حالا چی کار می‌خوایم بکنیم؟ ""What do we do now?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Kyle,"دعنا نذهب للعب في منزلي. لا يوجد شيء آخر يمكننا القيام به. انظر يا شباب ، والداي في المنزل ""Let's go play at my house. There's nothing else we can do. See guys, my parents are home."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,A bomb falls on the house and blows it up
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Boys,Awww!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Kyle,"أكره ذلك عندما يسقطون القنابل ""I hate it when they drop bombs."""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Kenny,"حالا چی کار کنیم؟ ""What do we do now?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A horse-drawn small SUV pulls up, a man comes out and drops off four letters, one for each boy, and gets back into the driver's seat. The SUV pulls away and the boys look at their letters. As dramatic music plays, the Kyle counterpart opens his letter up, looks inside, flips it over, and lets a dollar float down from it. The other three boys do the same. Akmarh looks at the bill, then up at the death and destruction surrounding the boys, and it's apparent that $4 won't do much to repair any of it. Akmarh looks at the bill again and wonders what to do with it."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. The garage has a large flag draping the door. Inside, on the living room couch. Sharon is lying there covered with blankets and watching TV. On the floor around the sofa are bowls, candles, food, and other items. Sharon hasn't been off that couch in a while."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Reporter,"[on TV] Another high-alert status for terrorists activity this weekend. [SNN - America Fights Back. A news ticker crawls by. Major headlines appear to the left, stock quotes on top, weather forecasts under the crawl] The government said ""bad things are likely to happen."" [the door bell rings] Meanwhile, the world continues to back down from their support of the United States [dingle] saying that they were really only kidding to begin with."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[approaching] Hey Mom, door bell's ringin'."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Sharon,Can huh get th'ere 'or me? [Stan goes to open the door.]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,"[approaching through the kitchen, stops at the kitchen door] Hey, Sharon? Maybe you should stop watchin' the news for a little bit? [Sharon mutters something] Shu-Sharon, you've been watching CNN for about ah... eight weeks now. Don't you wanna watch somethin' else? [the door closes] Shu-Shu-Sharon? [Stan comes back into view, pulling a box a bit bigger than he is into the living room]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, look at what the postman brought me! It's a big brown package from Afghanistan!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Sharon,"Weh, that's nahice."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,We sent the Afghani kids some dollars - they must have sent us something cool in return! [looks back at Randy] Do you have some scissors to get this open?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,"Stanley, your mother's a little freaked out right now. Why don't you go play with your big brown package from Afghanistan outside?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Well alright. [pushes the package back towards the front door. Randy returns to the kitchen... Sharon bolts from the sofa as Randy rushes back into the living room]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,"Randy, Sharon",Big brown package from Afghanistan??!!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Paramedics, fire trucks, the SWAT team, and the FBI are all there. Two klieg lights shine on the package as two Hazmat men approach the package. A crowd of residents looks on. Stan, Cartman and Kenny watch from the front."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"[approaching] Dude, what's going on?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,We got a package from the kids we sent dollars to. They sent us something back.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Hazmat man,"[in white] Prelims show negative, sir."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,Then we're gonna have to blow it!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Two SWAT men,[in gray] Yes sir!! [they leave and rig the box so it opens without much damage]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tweek,"AAHH! This is it, man! It's over!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Richard,"Tweek, calm down. Have some coffee. [Tweek looks up at Richard. The two SWAT members finish and return to the crowd. Everyone kneels behind the barriers and then cover their heads.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,Open! [one of the SWAT officers presses the remote control and the box pops open. Inside is a goat]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Mma-a-a-a-a-a-a. [people begin to look up at the goat]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Oh, it's just a goat. [all rise]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,People,Oohhh.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Blond Man,"Look, it's a goat."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Man 1,Awww.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Brunet Man,A precious goat.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ba-a-a-a-a. [Stan approaches it as soft music plays]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[now next to the goat] Hey there, little guy."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,[steps forward] Stay away from it! Terrorists could have given that goat anthrax or smallpox before sending it over! Johnson!! [another official steps forward and salutes] Check the goat for diseases!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Johnson,"Yes sir! [walks over to the goat and begins licking its face. Stan backs away. After a few licks Johnson rises and announces] The goat seems to be clean, sir!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,I told you: those Afghan kids just wanted to give us something back for giving them four dollars.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Heh, four dollars for a goat? We got ripped off."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,"Alright, men, this area is secure. Let's head out! [the various services disperse and drive away in their vehicles. ]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Well what are we supposed to do with it?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ba-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Yu- you're gonna have to take it home with you, Kyle."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Dude, my mom won't even let me have a hamster."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Kenny?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,"(No fuckin' way, dude!)"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,My parents will never let me keep a goat
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Well, I guess we're gonna have to kill it."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"No, we're not gonna kill it, Cartman! We'll just have to [removes the return address from the box] take the return address and mail it back to the kids in Afghanistan. Come on, goat. [takes the goat's reins and leads it away. The other boys follow]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ba-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. All building windows have flags draped behind them, and some of the walls have flags on them as well. The post office has two flags on wall-mounted poles. The last postal worker closes up for the night as the boys approach"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Uh oh, they're closing!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Excuse me, we wanna overnight this goat to Afghanistan, please?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Postman,Excuse me?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"It's an Afghanistan goat, so it can't stay here, or else it'll choke on the sweet air of freedom."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Yeah.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Postman,"Afghanistan? [cautions] H-I'm sorry boys, but our planes aren't flying there."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,They're not.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Postman,The only planes goin' to Afghanistan are the military planes over at the base. I'm sorry. [walks away]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Well yeah! The military planes. Come on, goat, we'll put you on one of them. [leads the goat away. The others stand there for a second, then catch up to them]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"[calls out] Stan, I don't think we're supposed to be in the military base. They might shoot us."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,I don't care! We're going!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,[dropping in] Don't forget to bring a towel.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,The Boys,Aaagh!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Oh no, not Towelie."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,"When goin' someplace new, you should always bring a towel."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Okay, thanks, Towelie. [rolls his eyes]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,Do you wanna get high?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[quickly] No, we don't wanna get high!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,"You mean, you don't want Towelie around?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,That's right!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,So am I to understand that there's been a ...Towelie ban?... [snorts and starts laughing]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,The Boys,[not amused. Kyle covers his eyes] Awww!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Goddamnit, get the hell out of here, Towelie!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,"Alright, see ya. [walks off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The military base, night. Jeeps roll in as a battalion is assembled in the parking lot. A large cargo plane receives the vehicles and other cargo"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"Alright, troops. We depart for Afghanistan in five minutes! Let's move out!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[now in the base with the others] Alright, come on. We just gotta get the goat on one of these planes."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 1,"[off-screen] Isn't this exciting, Tony? [the boys hide behind some boxes nearby] We're finally gonna see some action."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"[the soldiers, in desert fatigues, appear] Yeah, and uh, I hear that as soon as we land we get a USO show."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 1,We do! [draws close] Stevie Nicks is goin' to perform.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Hoh, Stevie Nicks. Huh, I love her! [they move on]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[peeks out] Okay, it's clear. Come on! [moves out with the goat and the other boys. A shadow falls across them]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier,[off screen] Hey you!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,[aims his rifle at the boys] What the hell do you think you're doing here?!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ba-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"[chastened, quickly retracts the rifle] H-uh, I'm sorry, Miss Nicks, uh. [looks around] Hey guys, this is Stevie Nicks. [a black soldier walks up]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 2,Oh wow!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 3,"Uh, can I get a picture?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 4,"Miss Nicks. Over here, Miss Nicks! [takes a picture]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Oh... M- Miss Nicks, I... I don't wanna bother you, but... could you sing a quick Fleetwood Mac for us. Could ya?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Other Soldiers,"Oh yeah. Please. Come on, come on. Please. Yeah."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ma-a-a-a-a. Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,Oh! No way! That was wild! That was great!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 3,Wait till I tell my sister about this; she is gonna flip!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Well, uh, we've gotta get Miss Nicks on the plane to Afghanistan, guys."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Oh, can we just get a-"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[turns right and walks off] Ah, sorry. Miss Nicks isn't answering any more questions."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Oh, sure, we understand. Move along. [the soldiers watch the goat walk away with the boys]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 3,...She looks great.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,She looks great.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Cargo plane, later. The boys walk up to the plane with the goat and prepare to put in in the cargo hold. A side door is open, with a ramp leading up to the hold"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"'K, let's put him on here. [walks up the ramp, pushing the goat along]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,[inside the hold] Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[enters and soothes the goat] Shhh. There we go. You're gonna be okay, goat. You'll be back in Afghanistan in about 20 hours."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[he and the other two peek in] Stan, if you're finished having your tearful goodbye with the goat, we'd like to go now, please?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,"Alright, tango clear. [lifts the ramp up and swings it into the cargo hold...]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,The Boys,Waaah!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,Let's head out. [...then closes the door and walks to the cockpit. The boys drop into the hold]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[turns around and wrestles with the door] Aw, son of a bitch!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"[gets up, turns, and pounds at the door] Hey, wait! There are children in here!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,"[rises and moves a bit] (Oh, shit, we're locked in.)"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,[inside the hold] Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Dude, looks like we're going tooh... Afghanistan."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,[steps toward Stan] Going to Afghanistan? Locked in a small space for 20 hours? How could things get any worse? [poot. Cartman blinks tightly and smiles]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boys,"Awww! [Kyle covers his nose, Kenny draws his hoodstring tight]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,(Ee-hew-hoo!)
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[giggles] Uh ho, you guys."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Afghanistan, next day. A cargo plane has landed and the camera pans from the plane to the runway behind it. Another cargo plane lands and rolls to a stop. The large cargo door drops down and the soldiers file out marching"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"Welcome to Afghanistan, troops! Get your gear ready and report to the barracks at o-nine hundred!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,"Sir yes sir! [they march away. The pilot comes, opens up the small side door, and pulls down the ramp. The boys move out and go down the ramp with their jackets over their noses]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Oh God, it was horrible!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Twenty hours!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,"(God-damn, it stinks like shit!)"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a! [leaps out and runs off]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,What the hell?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Cartman farted in there! We had to breath it in for 20 hours!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,It didn't smell that bad; you guys are overreacting.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,[leans in and sniffs] I don't smell any- boh! Oh God! [begins choking] Hohhgh! [looks away] Blagh! [convulses] Bleeaagghh [throws up twice and passes out]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Uh, whatever!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"You sonofabitch, Cartman! [begins to walk away, passing Cartman] You don't fart when you're locked in a small space with other people! [Stan passes by]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry! Next time I'll just ask my fart nicely if it wouldn't mind staying tucked away for a while!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[finds the goat next to Kenny] Alright alright, let's just get the goat back to his home! [pulls out the return address] We have to find this address. [leads the goat off. The other boys follow]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A large city in Afghanistan, day. Could be Kabul. Plenty of large building and roads abound, but they all look rundown or beat down - this is a city in decay. The boys walk through the city"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"God, what a craphole, dude! This is like East Denver! Jesus Chru-heist!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Dude, no wonder terrorists come from places like this! If I grew up here, I'd be pissed off, too!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey look! There's a taxi! [horse-drawn, with small back tires. The boys head for it, passing a street performer.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Performer,[raises his hands] Haa-aa-aa. [the boys into the taxi's back seat]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[to the driver] Hello. We need to go... [hands the driver the address] here. [the driver says: شما می‌خواین برین خونه؟ ""You guys wanna go home?"" and whips the horse into action. The taxi moves off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,What is this? The freakin' Flintstones?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The home of the Afghan boys. The taxi pulls up and drops the South Park boys off, then goes away. The boys approach the door"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Is this the right house?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,I think so. [steps up and knocks on the door]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"[approaches and opens the door] شما چیزی می‌فروشید؟ ""You guys selling something?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"A-ah, hi. We're from America. [Akmarh simply looks back] Uh, we sent you the dollar? Uh, the four dollars? You, you sent us this goat?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,Goat? [the other Afghan boys show up behind Akmarh]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Here. Wu-we don't want it.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Oh, you want something else? All we had was the goat. Your country bombed everything else."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"No, dude, we're n- we're not ungrateful. It's just... none of us can keep the goat."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"It was choking on the sweet air of freedom in America, so we brought it back to your crappy country. [the Afghan boys are insulted]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Oh uh, and here. [pulls out a small flag] Take this American flag as... a gift. [hands it to Akmarh and backs up. Akmarh considers the gift for a few moments, then throws it on the ground and steps back. The fat kid moves up and pours some fuel on it, then the poor kid strikes a match and throws it on the fuel, setting the flag on fire.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Boys,Yaaay. [they jump up and down]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Yeah, they told us in school that everyone but terrorists love America."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,Huh! !آمریکایی‌ها با خوک می‌خوابن Americans are pig fuckers!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,What did you call us?!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,Your country is the evil empire! Your government wants to rule the world! But your values and your spirituality are in the guh-ter!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Then why did you send us the goat?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Because, in Afghanistan, we have pride. If you send us something, we must send something in return."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"It doesn't mean we don't still hate you. Now, get out of here! [the Afghan boys back up and Akmarh shuts the door]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey! Hey, open the door!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,I told you! Jawas have no heart.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Jawas?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"You know, sand people."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,How come they hate America so much? What the hell did we do?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Well, we tried, dude. If anyone else in this craphole hates Americans, we'd better just leave the goat and get back to the plane!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Alright. [leads the others away. The goat follows. Stan hears the hoofbeats and stops] Oh look, he's following us. It's so sad."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[softly] God, I hate you so much, Stan!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"What? [voices rise in the distance (مرگ بر آمریکا! مرگ بر آمریکا ""Down with USA"" or ""Death to America""! The boys look on. The protesters march by the boys and stop, curious about the boys standing there. Stan greets them] Howdy. [the protesters remain motionless]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Um... [looks around, then slowly] Greetings from Canada. [now with Canadian accent] Well boys, it's aboot time we get to our hoose in Canada, isn't it?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Ey, what the hell are you talking about?! [Stan and Kyle look at Cartman angrily] I'm not a god-damned Canadian, and neither are you!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[buries his face in his hand in disgust and shakes it] Cartman, you stupid asshole! [the crowd roars with anger and ties the four boys and the goat up. Two of the protesters talk about what to do next. One of them ends with]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Protester,...Osama bin Laden! [the others crack up and lead the captives away]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Good job, fatass!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Dude, don't call me a Canadian! [the protesters lead the captives up a mountain road. A bird in a tree warbles an Arabic song. When the lead protester reaches the tree he shoots the bird, and the bird falls down and away, dead. The trek resumes]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A cave in Afghanistan, day. ""Not where Osama bin Laden is."" Guards stand outside keeping watch. Inside, six guards interrogate the boys"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,You've gotta listen to me! We're not spies! [one of the guards says something]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Look, I think I can explain everything. You see, my friend Stan here is an oversensitive animal lover. He's got a boner for this goat, a-"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Voice,"Amaar madmallah [the guards look up, then line up at either side of the cave entrance. A lanky figure walks in]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[swaying as he walks in] Oooo, alamalamalamalaah."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Oh crap, it's him!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,[pacing before the boys] Amalama hamahamahama? [draws close to Cartman] Una Haqa mala
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[leaning away] Ogh! Dude, it's called deodorant, okay? It's not expensive."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Haqaama hamahalahamahaqa. [the guards move off and return with studio equipment - two spot lights and television camera. The cameraman announces that they're ready to tape (!اوساما خان، حاضره ""Osama sir, we're ready."". Osama sways over to his spot. The cameraman gives a signal and several makeup artists rush in for some quick touch-ups, then leave. The cameraman gets behind the camera and gives the signal to start talking] U bataqataqaa maladala. Ameriqa la tabakabaka haka haqadaqadaqa [laughs] Haqahaqa, daaqadaqa!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cameraman,"Aaaaand... cut! [Osama grins and the guards clap. Osama takes a small bow and tosses the mic away, then walks off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Dude, these people are insane."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Sharon has resumed watching SNN on the sofa"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,SNN reporter,"...as more and more case of terrorist-related AIDS continues to grow. And this just in: the Taliban has apparently taken American civilians as hostages. The Taliban has just released this videotape [the boys and the goat in their chairs, flanked by two Taliban guards], in which it is clearly visible that they have indeed captured [closeup of the goat, with Kenny to the left] Stevie Nicks. Miss Nicks appears to be in good spirits, though her whereabouts are unknown."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,"[pops in from the kitchen] Hey, Sh- Sharon? Ha- have you seen Stan in the last couple... days?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Sharon,[raises her head a bit] Yes. I just saw him.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,Oh okay. [slowly moves back into the kitchen]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Afghanistan, day. The general and his troops are watching the same report"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,SNN Reporter,"With Stevie Nicks in captivity, the other members of Fleetwood Mac have been hidden so the Taliban can't get to them as well. [the soldiers are crestfallen]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,They... took Stevie Nicks?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 2,"Bastards! Heartless, gutless bastards!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,Alright men! Grab your guns and your Bibles! We are going to get Miss Nicks back!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,[cheering] Hooray!!! [some of them have their arms raised]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Afghan boys' home, at that moment"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,SNN Reporter,"The Taliban's video also shows what appears to be four American children in captivity, though they could just be French."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,[rising] We have to help them.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,Do you say??
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,They are not espies. They came to give us our goat back.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,Screw them! They are evil Americans!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"I know! But if we don't help the innocent ones, then we are no better than the Americans are."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,Help the Americans? That doesn't make sense.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Dude, we are espeaking English right now. Does that make sense??"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Alright, let's go. [they pick up their rifles and exit]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,"!ای لعنت ""Oh, goddammit!"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Osama's cave, day. Inside, at table, the Taliban guards are celebrating Osama's birthday. The guards and Osama wear party hats"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Aw, jihad, jihad. [the boys look at each other for reactions, and the alarms go off] Oh? [walks over to his security screen and sees the Americans converging outside the cave entrance, then runs around unsure what to do] Oh, oh! Ameriqa haqa haqa! Dursha! Dapadapadapa! [the guards respond and give each other orders while moving out. Osama pulls out a walkie-talkie and speaks into it] Hulagugla hugagugahagahaa!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The American and Taliban forces engage each other in combat."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,Inside Osama's cave. Osama is still giving orders
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Qubada durqaana Ameriqanab! Qubada durqaana- [a grill next to the boys rises, and the Afghan boys climb out]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, what are you guys doing here?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,Shh. We've come to save you.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,But I thought you hate us.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"We do. [Osama talks away, and the boys slip out quietly with the goat. Cartman decides not to join them, and walks towards Osama]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Cartman, where are you going??"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,I'm gonna go take care of this prick!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Cartman, he's crazy!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"He's not crazy, he's an idiot. I know how to deal with these people. [walks off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,A flippity flappity floop! Jihad jihad!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Mehah... [bites on some food] What's up, bin Laden?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Arrrrrrrrrrrubadubaduba! Durbadurba haq!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Uh oh, 5:30, time to pray. [quickly rushes for a prayer rug and rolls it out, then kneels and bows deeply a few times.] Allah, Allah, m'heh"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Taba haqa?? [goes for his prayer rug and does as Cartman does] Allah Allah Allah, Allah hakadurrpa durpa adurpa hagalah [Cartman brings out a huge mallet and smashes it on Osama's head. Osama's head rings like a bell, then he looks at Cartman and aims his rifle at him]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Uh oh! Mmm-mm! [kisses Osama and tumbles away]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The American and Taliban forces are still fighting. The seven kids and the goat emerge from the cave"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,We will have to be quick! The Americans are attacking!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Where do we go? [they look around]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Get down! [all boys hit the floor and hide their faces. A bomb blows up in front of them. When the smoke clears, Kenny and the poor Afghan boy are both dead, both riddled with bullets]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"!اوه الله! کشتن کیوانو ""Oh, my God! They killed Keyvan!"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"!تو، دیوث ""You bastards!"" [Stan and Kyle look at each other. Akmarh gets his rifle and fires away at American helicopters] You... murdering Americaaans!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, shut up, kid. America didn't start this war."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"America DID eh-start this war! They eh-started it YEARS ago, when they put their military bases on Muslim holy lands!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A forest near the cave, at that moment. Osama bin Laden slinks around looking for Cartman. He stops next to a small bush. As bin Laden looks around the bush skittles away, then stops. Bin Laden sees the bush has moved and growls at it, aims his rifle, and walks up to it - four steps. The bush moves again, then stops. Bin Laden catches up in three steps. The bush moves again, then bin Laden tales a step forward. The bush moves again, then bin Laden tales another step forward. The bush leaps and bin Laden holds it in mid-air as Cartman drops to the ground. We get a view of the gun on Cartman's face from Cartman's perspective"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,[tossing the bush away] Ramadan!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Hey look! An infidel! [bin Laden quickly turns around]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Wuut? Peitoqaba! [Cartman gets up and pulls bin Laden's pants down. Osama looks stunned. A magnifying glass pops up over bin Laden's genitals, then another, then another... nine in all, and the penis is finally visible. A sign pops up... ""Tiny, ain't it?"" A few seconds later the sign and magnifiers go down and Osama pulls his pants up]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,So that's what this is all about?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Ishta fatwa open sesame!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,[climbs up bin Laden and kisses him] Mmmm! Tastes like chicken. The ass of a chicken!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Proila foqabam!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Woohoo! [zips away, leaving a dust cloud front of bin Laden. Bin Laden gives chase, leaving his own dust cloud.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The fighting continues. Amid the fighting, the general crosses the battlefield."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"We're coming, Miss Nicks! Hang on!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a! Ma-a-a-a!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The South Park boys line up opposite the Afghan boys. Stan faces Akmarh, Kyle faces the boy in blue vest."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"All right, I've had just about enough of this! They told us in school, and on TV, that most people in Pakistan and Afghanistan like America."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,And you believe it? It is not just the Taliban that hates America. Over a third of the world hates America!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,But why? Why does a third of the world hate us?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Because, you don't realize that a third of the world hates you!!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,[considers the argument...] ...That doesn't make sense. You guys are just buttholes!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,You're butt-holes!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,"Stan, Kyle",You're buttholes!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. Osama and Cartman are now out in the open desert. Osama resumes slinking around"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Female voice,Youhoo.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"it's Cartman seated on a camel, dressed in a purple chador. Bin laden takes one look and he goes nuts over what he sees. His eyes bug out as he goes horizontal"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Haduqaduqaduqa. [Osama's tongue has rolled out to the floor. He tugs it and it rolls up like a classroom projection screen] Huqadukadukadukaduuu. [Osama whistles and then lustily howls like a wolf as he stomps his foot down on the ground. Cartman hops off the camel, walks some distance, and bats his eyes at bin Laden. Osama takes big steps towards Cartman, and the camera alternates between the two. Bin Laden stops short of Cartman... and leaps over him, landing on the camel's neck. Bin Laden starts kissing the camel all over, and Cartman removes his veil, looks at bin Laden, then looks at the camera]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[on bended knee] Oh bella, bella falafel. [brings out a bouquet of flowers]Mi amore. Fatwa, fatwa. [Cartman holds up a sign with a screw and a baseball on it, then puts it away. Bin Laden hops away, then returns with a table, two chairs, two glasses and some wine, and sets up a table for two. He sets the camel down on one chair and sits on the other one opposite the camel. He then serves up some glasses of wine]Ahh, de vino! Mi fatwa! J'ai une fatwa! [Cartman holds up four other signs: a jack and donkey, a pile of feces and a bald head, a rooster and lollipop, and Barbra Streisand]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The boys have moved away from the cave entrance, and the fat Afghan boy has rejoined them. Beyond them the two forces continue fighting"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Do you really think your civilization is better than ours?! You people play games by killing animals, and oppress women!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,It's better than a civilization that spends its time watching millionaires walk down the red carpet at the Emmys!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"...He's got us there, dude. [pan out to see more fighting]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"[finds the goat and picks it up] I got her. I got Stevie Nicks. [carries it away. The Americans retreat, but continue firing away]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Me-e-e-eh.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,Nearby... Osama's grinning widely at the camel. Cartman walks up in a different costume - that of the fussy movie director.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,There you are! Where have you been? We have another anti-American video to create! [hauls bin Laden away.]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Oh, dapidiuta ako. [Bin laden manages a wave good-bye at the camel.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Hur-ry, get into wardrobe! [bin Laden goes behind the walll and changes clothes. Cartman taps his foot impatiently] Oh hur-ry up, will you hur-ry?! [bin Laden comes out dressed as Uncle Sam] Oh, you look marvelous, dahling."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Haqa hamahama.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Come on! The cameras are ready! [pulls bin Laden to his mark. Behind them, eight Taliban soldiers fire away at the Americans] Alright, there we go. Let's roll cameras. [walks off and returns with a director's megaphone and a firecracker] Oh, and here's your microphone. [hands Osama the firecracker]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[the Taliban soldiers see Uncle Sam and approach him] Ogh. America adirqadirqa- [looks around. The soldiers fire away at him. Bin Laden staggers, then looks at the object in his hand. Other Taliban soldiers rush in to see, and they all recognize whom they just shot.] Uh ohhh."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama and the Taliban Soldiers,"HAAAAAAGH! [the firecracker explodes, killing all the soldiers around it. Only Osama is left there at the point of impact, sitting on the ground, with his teeth dangling like piano keys. They play a few notes]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,We've done it! The Taliban is destroyed!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,Hoorayyy!!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Wow! I guess Cartman really did take care of them.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[flaps his lips with his finger, making some noise] Terrorists is the craziest peoples. Eheeee! [shows his teeth. An American soldier walks up behind bin Laden and dispatches him with one last shot]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier,I got him! I got him!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Well, it looks like the Taliban and bin Laden are finally out of power."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Yeup, you don't need us anymore. [they turn and walk away]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, wait a minute. You know, you guys should know one thing. [the Afghan boys turn around] Most people in America are good people. We just try to live day by day, like you guys do. Maybe if you took some time to see all the great things about our country, you'd see... we're not so different after all."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Yeah.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,That's fine. But we still hate you. [the Afghan boys turn and walk away again]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Oh... Well, I guess, maybe, someday, we can learn to... hate you too."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,[the Afghan boys look again] Maybe. In time. [they turn once again and walk off]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,I'm confused.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"USO concert. The stage is set amid the pup tents and soldiers clamor around in the audience. ""VICTORY!"" The general takes the stage"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"Great job, troops! Once again we have killed our enemies!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 5,[cheering] Hooray!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 6,"Hooray! Yeah, we sure did!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"The world is now safe, thanks to you. And so now, as promised, here is Fleetwood Mac with Stevie Nicks!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,"Whoa. Yeah. [the goat, dressed to look like Stevie Nicks, approaches the mic.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fleetwood Mac,"Just like the wild winged bird sings a song-Stand back, she's singin'."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Maaa
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fleetwood Mac,Baby
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Maaa
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fleetwood Mac,Babe
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Maa-ha [the concert continues. The three boys watch the performance.]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Come on, let's go get to the plane. [turns left and walks away. The others follow. On the way there, Stan sees a flag on the ground and approaches it. He goes down on one knee, picks up the little flag, blows the dust off it, sets it into the ground, takes off his jacket, and wraps it around the base of the flag ]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,[approaching with Cartman] Dude! I almost thought those Afghani kids talked you into not liking America.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"No, dude. America may have some problems, but it's our home. Our team. And if you don't wanna root for your team, then you should get the hell out of the stadium."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Yeah.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[rises, steps back, and salutes] Go America."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,[salutes] Go America. [lowers his right arm] Go Broncos. [moves off]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[follows] Yeah, go Broncos."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Yeah. [follows the other two out]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School Gym, day. Stan, without his hat, is seated on a stool, none too pleased, before a backdrop of a meadow. Behind the photographer are the kindergartners and Mr. Adler's class"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Okay, now lift your chin a little. [no change on Stan's face] Look right here. Right here. [points at the camera lens] Hey, where's my smile? Come on, I bet you got a smile for me. I-I'm startin' to see a smile. [Stan doesn't smile] There it is. [FLASH!] Okay great, next."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,[reaches for his hat and puts it on] I didn't smile. [hops off the stool and walks away. A wider view shows Ms. Choksondik's class in line off to the right. The kids move forward. Butters heads for the stool]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,I hate picture day at school! It's always some gay-ass photographer with some gay-ass backdrop of New England!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[in dress shirt and tie, holds out his palms] Ah, hang on a second. My mom said to make sure I look good this time in... the school pictures. [pulls out a comb and some gel, dabs the gel on the comb, and combs his hair back. Four strokes, and he's done]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Okay, smile [Butters smiles, a lock of his hair goes up, and he blinks. Then the picture is taken, and Butters opens his eyes] Okay, next? [Butters hops off; Bebe, wearing heavy makeup, approaches and hops onto the stool]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,[joins Kyle at the end of the line] Did you go yet?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,No. This is taking forever.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[rushes up, giddily breathless] You guys! You guys! This is sooo funny!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"What, Cartman?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Dude, check it out: for picture day, Kenny got into his parka backwards, so that his ass shows through his hood. Look! [points]. Kenny, Kenny, over here! [Kenny comes in looking as Cartman described, with his hands on the floor and his feet in the air, laughing uncontrollably. After Kenny stands still, Cartman roars with laughter]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"It isn't that funny, Cartman."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Yes it is! [while this is going on, the other kids get their pictures taken, Token being the last one. He hops off the stool and walks away.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Next in line! Come on, let's keep it moving, kids! [Kyle walks up to the stool]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"...Don't listen to that Jew, Kenny, it's totally funny."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"[Kyle sits for the camera] Take off your hat, please."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,But I never take off my hat.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Come on now, I bet your parents want a picture of YOU lookin' natural."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,This is how I look natural.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Kyle, we're taking pictures without hats today!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[angrily] Crap. [takes off his hat to reveal big red bushy hair]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Smile! Come on, where's that smile? Is it gonna kill you to smile? I see a smile. [Kyle gives a small grin, and the picture is taken. He goes back to being angry, re-dons his hat and hops off the stool] Next!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Gay-ass. [Cartman hops on, takes off his hat and quickly strikes a pose]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"[takes the picture] Very nice. Okay, last one? [hops off laughing as Kenny approaches]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Uh oh. [laughs]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Okay, have a seat, young man. [both Cartman and Kenny chuckle as Kenny sets himself down] Well, okay, lookin' great. Now where's that smile? Come on, give me a nice, wide smile. Wider. Perfect! [FLASH!]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Huh, how long 'til we get the pictures back?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,Should be about four days.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Four days?? Oh man, I can't wait that long!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, four days later, day. Inside, in Ms. Choksondik's class, Cartman is fidgeting rather loudly in his desk"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Heh, c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon! C'mon c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, class, I have your school photos to hand out-"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[bouncing in his seat] YES! YES!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Most of them are very nice. But, apparently, one of you thinks it's fun to spoil their school pictures [Kenny looks around], and thinks he's a comedian. That person will be spending the afternoon in the principal's office!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kenny,"(Aww, that's bullshit!)"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"School photos aren't for joking around, so you aren't getting your photo back, Butters! [thrusts the photo out for a close-up]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,Um-me?? Huh but I didn't do nothin'.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"For the rest of you, I think your pictures turned out very nicely."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"But, buut, but but what hey! Wait a minute! [the others get their photos and review them]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[rushes up and takes Kenny's photos] Let me see! [returns to his seat. Stan and Kyle look at Cartman curiously while Kenny looks on angrily]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[catches up to Ms. Choksondik as she sits at her chair] Bu-but Teacher, I didn't mean to look stupid in my picture. Honest!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[opens Kenny's envelope and looks at the photo, then roars with laughter] Dude, dude! Check it out! This is the sweetest thing I've ever done!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kenny,(You've ever done?!)
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[Laughs] Look at how the crap ...is sittin' right in the middle! [laughs some more]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Eric, calm down. I'm trying to yell at Butters!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Okay, hokay, I'm sorry Ms. Chokesonrocks!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"You know very well my name isn't Chokesonrocks, it's Choksondik! Say it right or you can go to the principal's with Butters!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,I'm sorry Ms. Choksondik.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,I tried to make a good picture. Honest.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,Your mother is waiting for you in the principal's office. [points towards the door]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"My mom? [turns around and walks out] Oh, sweet Jesus!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Hoh, Oh my God! More people have to see this picture, you guys. I'm gonna put it on the Internet or... No, wait! Kenny. [Kenny looks over] I just had the greatest idea... ever!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day. A receptionist in blue suit sits at her desk. The doors open and Cartman enters"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,Welcome to South Park Milk Company. Can I help you?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh, yes, hello. I am helping out a family who has a missing child, and I was wondering if you could print his photo on your milk carton? [stifles a laugh]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Oh, of course. Printing those photos on our milk really does help. Do you have the photo with you?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Yes, I have it right hmya. [shows her Kenny's school photo]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"[takes the photo] O-okay, great. We'll print it immediately."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"You will? [tries not to laugh, but some escapes] Ah. [stifles another laugh] Oh, ah, thank you for your help."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,Sure. If I could get a description of the child to print underneath the photo? [Cartman stops in his tracks and turns around]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh, yehes. Uh-heh. He has ah, blond hair, aha-and, ah, and a brown eye. [sniggers, then laughs] Brown eye! [laughs some more under his breath]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Okay, brown eye..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"And, and big rosy cheeks! [laughs some more]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,...Full cheeks...
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[cracks up] Full cheeks! [laughs] Winking brown eye, brown eye winking! [cracks up]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. A TV is heard."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Reporter,"Ms. Hamilton was the fourth person to be run over by a motorcycle this week, leaving a city to ponder, who will be next? [Stan and Kyle are on the sofa eating popcorn. The phone rings, and Kyle answers it]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Hello?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[between the laughter] You guys! You guys! You guys! [laughs uncontrollably]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Hello?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[more laughter] ...You guys!... [more laughter]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[getting annoyed] Cartman?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[more laughter] You guys! You guys! You guys! Hurry. [hangs up]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,What's he want?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[pissed off] I don't know. Let's go see. [they walk off]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, minutes later. Cartman can be heard laughing inside as Stan and Kyle approach his door. Kyle rings the doorbell and Cartman answers, still laughing."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Why'd you call us?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Come on. Come on. [whispers] Come on.[leads the way] Oho, this is so sweet! [still laughing as he walks to the sofa and picks up a milk carton] You guys, seriously, this is sooo sweet!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Goddamnit Cartman, what?! [Cartman hands him the carton and erupts in laughter as Stan and Kyle look it over]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,...You put Kenny's picture on a milk carton??
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Look at, look at the description. Brown eye! [falls to the floor, pounding the carpet with his fists in hysterics]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"That isn't funny, Cartman."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh, it's soo completely funny!! Ahaha this is certainly funny!!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"No it's not, Cartman. You know, there really are couples out there who are missing children."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"No there aren't. Jesus, grow up, you guys."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"A house in Wisconsin. A woman enters her kitchen with some groceries and sets them on the kitchen counter next to the sink. She pulls them out one by one, but stops when she pulls out the milk carton"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[gasps] Oh my God. Oh my God! [holds the carton close. Her face looks like a derriere] Steven! Steven, come quick!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"[rushes in. His face does also.] What is it, Martha?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,Look. It's him! It's... our son.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Our ssson!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day, a few days later. The Wisconsin couple are at the Dairy Gold Milk Company, talking to the receptionist. Their ""s"" and sometimes ""th"" comes out sounding like a raspberry"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,...and so that's when I called out to my husband. I just knew the boy picture on your milk carton was our little Tommy.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"[stunned] ... yes, I see. [pics up a milk carton carton] Uh, but the child on the milk carton was reported missing, not found."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"We realize that. But we just thought that maybe someone else had found Tommy, and then lost him again. We're pretty certain that it's our boy, considering his physical appearance. Martha and I have the... same condition."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,...Riiight.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"You may not have realized this, but we actually have buttocks where our heads should be."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,[flatly] ...Really?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Yes.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Steven and I have a condition called ""torsonic polarity syndrome."" It's a birth defect that's passed on genetically."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Over eleven people worldwide suffer from TPS.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"[flatly] Hmm, hmm, that's am-, that's amazing."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Martha and I were lucky enough to meet each other at a TPS convention in France.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,So... do you have heads down where your rear ends should be?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"No no, don't be silly. You see, with TPS, the birth defect is on the exterior only. Behind this we still have all our vital head organs - tongue, eyes, nasal passages..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Well, Mr. and Mrs..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Uh, Thompssson."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"...Thompson. Uh, I'll contact the young boy who gave me the photo, and perhaps we can all visit him together."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Oh, wonderful! Steven, we're goin' to see Tommy again!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Now, Martha, what did I say about getting our hopesss up?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,You're right. You're right.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, moments later. Cartman is laughing his ass off on the sofa when Stan and Kyle return to see him."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"...Okay Cartman, what do you want this time?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[gets up and hops off the sofa] Oho, you guys, you guys! Oh my God. [tries to compose himself] Okay, okay, so get this, get this: The milk company calls me, right? [wipes some moisture from his face] And they call me and say that two people from Wisconsin... saw the picture of Kenny on the milk carton, and they think it's their kid. [cracks up again]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"...Dude, that's not funny if they're missing their son."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"No, nonono! Because apparently these two people... also kind of look like they have butts where their heads should be! [waits a second, then roars with laughter again]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,...Nuh uh.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh yes! And the best part is... they're coming here, to my house. And it's gonna be sooo funny!! [roars with laughter again. The doorbell rings and all three look at the door] Oh Jesus, that's probably them now! Okay, you guys, just play it cool, just play it-, just-sshh. No, sshh, you guys, sshh. [walks over to answer the door. He stops and stifle a laugh] Just- okay [chuckles] No. [takes a few steps] Okay, okay, no, you guys, sh, sh. [steps to the door, takes a deep breath, and opens it, grinning]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[greeting] Hello, we're Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. [Cartman stands there grinning, then it disappears into a frown. A few moments later he turns around dejected.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Oh God.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"[starts laughing, but stifles it with his hands over his mouth] Hohly crahap, duhude, heh!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"No way! [Cartman turns around and looks again, frowning]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"We understand you've seen our son. [Cartman looks speechless, then turns around looking lost]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[very softly] Oh my... God. [walks away from the door quite afraid, then begins to ascend the stairs stammering nonsense]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Cartman, where are you going?? [Cartman keeps walking. The Thompsons simply shrug their shoulders, looking at each other]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[holds up the milk carton] Uh, excuse me, boys, do you know anything about this?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[giggles a bit] Uh
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,Oh boy.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Eh-heh. L-look, if you want an explanation, you you'd better go to Kenny's house."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,Yeah. He lives about four houses away in the bad side of town.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,[Steven puts his arm around her shoulder] Oh thank you. Thank you! [they turn and walk away. The receptionist waits for them on the walkway]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,Well?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,They said to inquire four houses down.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,Let's hurry! [leads the way down the street. Steven and the receptionist follow]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, moments later. Cartman is at a loss for words and looks scared. The door opens and Kyle and Stan walk in."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Ehheh, Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Yeah, you missed them turning around."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"You guys, something's wrong."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,What?
