All About Mormons,Gary,Yeah!
All About Mormons,"Jenny, Mark","Woohoo! [next scene is Mark doing Shakespeare's ""Hamlet"", with skull]"
All About Mormons,Mark,"Where be your gibes now? Your gambols? Your songs? [next scene is Amando in Russian dress, dancing]"
All About Mormons,The Family,"Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! [next scene, they're all laughing at something]"
All About Mormons,Mark,"That's a great story, Sarah."
All About Mormons,Dad,"All right, kids, now how about we do some Scripture readings! From the Book of Mormon!"
All About Mormons,Mark,All right!
All About Mormons,Kids,Yeah!
All About Mormons,Mark,Woohoo! OOWW!
All About Mormons,Stan,The... Book of Mormon? What's that?
All About Mormons,Gary,You know... the book that Joseph Smith found.
All About Mormons,Stan,Who's Joseph Smith? [they laugh at his ignorance]
All About Mormons,Mark,Only the most important person in the world.
All About Mormons,Jenny,You've never heard of him?
All About Mormons,Stan,No!
All About Mormons,Gary,"Tell us the story of Joseph Smith, Dad."
All About Mormons,The other kids,"Oh yes, tell us Dad. Yeah Dad. All right."
All About Mormons,Dad,"All right, you rascals. Gather round. [the kids draw closer to their dad] Joseph Smith lived in a little American town in the early 1800s."
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"A little American town in the early 1800s. A man rides by in a small carriage pulled by one horse. In the distance, Joseph Smith strolls into town."
All About Mormons,Singers,Joseph Smith was called a prophet Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb He started the Mormon religion Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Blacksmith,There goes that kooky Joseph Smith.
All About Mormons,Customer,"You know, he claims he spoke with God and Jesus."
All About Mormons,Woman,"Well, how do you know he didn't?"
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Joseph Smith was called a prophet-
All About Mormons,Butler,"Hey, Joseph! I told my wife that you spoke with God and Jesus, and she didn't believe it."
All About Mormons,Smith,Well it's true. I did.
All About Mormons,Wife,Where?
All About Mormons,Smith,"I was out in the woods, praying [a shot of him on his knees in the woods] I was asking God if I should be a Protestant, or a Catholic, or what? And suddenly God and Jesus appeared before me. [a bright light appears before him and he shields his eyes from the glare] And they said I should start my own church, because none of the others had it right. [the flashback ends] And that's exactly how it happened."
All About Mormons,Butler,You see? You believe it now?
All About Mormons,Wife,"Well yeah, sure. Why would he make that up?"
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Many people believed Joseph Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb And that night he-ee saw an angel Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Smith,"[in bed inside a shack] And please bless Mother and Father, and please keep our bellies full of yum-yums and luscious goodies. [a flash of light and a glowing orb flies around the room] AAAHH! [the orb turns into an angel] Oh my gosh!"
All About Mormons,Angel,I am Moroni. I am a Native American.
All About Mormons,Smith,A... [looks at the camera] Native American? [looks at Moroni] But your skin is white.
All About Mormons,Moroni,Yes. Long ago all Native American were white. We all came to America from Jerusalem. And while we were here we were visited by Christ.
All About Mormons,Smith,[looks at the camera] Jesus live here in America?
All About Mormons,Moroni,"Yes. Eventually, my people were all killed by the other tribe of Israel, and as punishment, God turned their skin red. These are the Native Americans you know today. [Smith looks at the camera dumbstruck]"
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Moroni,"There is an ancient book buried near here, written on gold plates that account my people's lives. Also buried with the book are two seer stones, the Urim and Thummim, which will allow you to translate the writings. Find it, and fulfill your destiny. [brightens and then vanishes]"
All About Mormons,Smith,Wooww... [gets up and dressed. He exits his shack]
All About Mormons,Singers,Joseph Smith was called a prophet Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Scene Description,Back to the present.
All About Mormons,Dad,"And we all know what happened then, don't we?"
All About Mormons,Kids,Yeah! I know!
All About Mormons,Stan,What happened then? [a small timer rings]
All About Mormons,Mom,"Ooo, the Rice Crispy squares are done!"
All About Mormons,Kids,Rice Crispy squares! Yay! All right! Rice Crispy squares!
All About Mormons,Dad,"Hey gang, let's wrap some more of them up in plastic wrap and hand them out to the poor!"
All About Mormons,Gary,Awesome! I can't wait!
All About Mormons,Jenny,Yeah! [the family rises from the couch and leaves]
All About Mormons,Gary,"You coming, Stan?"
All About Mormons,Stan,"No, I was supposed to be home at eight."
All About Mormons,Dad,"Awww, that's too bad. Well, it was really nice meeting you, Stan. [the family returns and hugs Stan]"
All About Mormons,"Mark, Jenny",Bye Stan!
All About Mormons,Mom,Great to meet you!
All About Mormons,Gary,Bye!
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. What a contrast. Randy watches TV on the couch with beer in hand, Shelly watches it on the floor, Sharon watches it from the dining table solving crossword puzzles. Stan enters upon this desolate scene."
All About Mormons,Stan,...Hello?
All About Mormons,Sharon,"Oh, hi Stan."
All About Mormons,Stan,"[a few seconds later] Hey Dad, how come you never told me about Joseph Smith?"
All About Mormons,Randy,Who?
All About Mormons,Shelly,"Shut up, turd! We're watching Friends!"
All About Mormons,Stan,The guy who spoke to God and Jesus.
All About Mormons,Sharon,"Well, Stan, God and Jesus don't actually speak to people."
All About Mormons,Stan,That's not what the Harrisons said.
All About Mormons,Randy,Who are the Harrisons?
All About Mormons,Stan,The new people that moved in down the street. Mr. Harrison said that Joseph Smith spoke to God and Jesus and they told him none of the religions were right.
All About Mormons,Randy,"Oh, did he now?! What are they, religious kooks?!"
All About Mormons,Stan,"They're not kooks, they're cool. I mean, how come we never have a night where we don't watch any TV and we just... do stuff together and eat and drink?"
All About Mormons,Randy,"We have that, Stan. It's called Friday Night Kegger."
All About Mormons,Stan,But that's just you and your friends.
All About Mormons,Shelly,"I said shut up, turd!"
All About Mormons,Stan,"Mr. Harrison said that I should be following Heavenly Father's plan, and I don't even know what that is."
All About Mormons,Randy,"[rises and moves towards the front door] All right, that does it!"
All About Mormons,Sharon,Where are you going?
All About Mormons,Randy,"I'm gonna go have a talk with this ""Mr. Harrison."" [grabs his coat from the coat rack and puts it on] If he thinks he can fill my son's head with wacko religious crap, he's wrong! [drinks the last of his beer]"
All About Mormons,Sharon,"Randy, don't cause trouble."
All About Mormons,Randy,"Let me handle this, Sharon. You gotta put these cult people in their place or else they never stop! I'm gonna go kick this Mr. Garrison's ass! [exits and slams the door shut, but quickly returns] This, Mr. Harrison is, is a white guy, right?"
All About Mormons,Stan,Yeah.
All About Mormons,Randy,"[confidence restored] Yeah, I'm gonna go kick his ass! [slams the door]"
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, night. Randy walks down the street."
All About Mormons,Randy,"God-damned religious kooks! Tell my son what to believe, will you?! We'll see how you like my fist in your ass! [approaches the front door of the house and pounds on the door. Gary's father answers it]"
All About Mormons,Mr. Harrison,Hello!
All About Mormons,Randy,"Yeah, are you Mr. Harrison?"
All About Mormons,Mr. Harrison,"I sure am. [offers his right hand] The, the name's Gary."
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well, look, my kid was just over at your house and he a-"
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Oh, you're Stan's dad! It's so nice to finally meet you! Karen! Mr. Marsh is here!"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Uh, look, I just want to tell you that"
All About Mormons,Karen,"[arrives with a tray of squares] Oh, Mr. Marsh! What a treat! It's so nice to meet you!"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well, thanks. Uh..."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,Karen just finished baking the most amazing Rice Crispy squares.
All About Mormons,Karen,With chocolate frosting
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,Come on out of the cold. You've gotta try one. Or six. [chuckles]
All About Mormons,Scene Description,The coffee table in the living room.
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,I cannot tell you how wonderful it is to have you over.
All About Mormons,Karen,[serving lemonade] I hear you're a geologist. That is so amazing.
All About Mormons,Randy,"Look, uh, I actually came over because I'm a little concerned about some of the things you told my son."
All About Mormons,"Gary Sr., Karen",Uh huh?
All About Mormons,Randy,"You know. About... God, and stuff."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,Oooh... Oh boy... you think we were trying to convert him.
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well, I..."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Oh, Mr. Marsh, I am sooo sorry."
All About Mormons,Karen,"We just moved here from Utah and we're so used to everyone being Mormon that we... Oh, we forget not everyone wants to hear about it. Oh boy, you must be furious!"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well, no, no, I just..."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"You just heard your son talking about religious ideals that aren't your own and you said ""Who the heck do these people think they are?!"" I I'm really, truly sorry, Mr. Marsh. It won't happen again."
All About Mormons,Randy,Y-you can call me... Randy.
All About Mormons,Karen,"Randy, the last thing we want is for people to think we're pushing our religion. We know there are a lot of beliefs out there and ours just works for us."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"To each his own, right?"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Yeah. Yeah! You know, to be honest, I've never known any Mormons. I, don't even know what you people believe. Who was this Joseph Smith guy? Why did he believe that Native Americans are actually white people from Jerusalem?"
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Well, because they found ancient books they had written on gold plates, right where the angel Moroni said they would be."
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The Early 1800s, day, a small town. People mill around."
All About Mormons,Smith,"I found them! I found them! [people turn and look, and he stops] You're not gonna believe it, everybody! I found them!"
All About Mormons,Butler,Found what?
All About Mormons,Smith,Another New Testament of Jesus Christ!
All About Mormons,People,What? What did he say? Are you crazy?
All About Mormons,Smith,"Last night, a Native America angel told me where I could find another testament of Jesus Christ, so I went out to the woods. I dug around all morning where the angel had told me to look. [a shot of Smith digging yet another hole]."
All About Mormons,Smith,"Maybe there isn't anything out here. [strikes something hard] Wait a tick! [throws the shovel off to the side] What's this? [starts digging and find a tiny coffin, then removes the lid] Wow..."
All About Mormons,Smith,"[back to the story] Inside the stone box, I found the magical seer stones. Under that, I found four gold plates written in strange writing [he lifts up two of them]."
All About Mormons,Smith,This must be the Gospel that Jesus told the Nephites!
All About Mormons,Smith,"Well, they were the most amazing things I'd ever gazed upon."
All About Mormons,Man,"[middle-aged] Well, so where are they?"
All About Mormons,Smith,Where are what?
All About Mormons,Woman,The gold plates and the seer stones. Where are they?
All About Mormons,Smith,"Oh, well, I... was not allowed to take them. You see, after I found the plates, the angel Moroni appeared to me again and said that I am not allowed to show the plates, or the seer stones, to anybody. Because first I must translate what's written on the plates into English, so you can all read it!"
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb.
All About Mormons,People,"Wow, amazing!"
All About Mormons,Singers,He found the stones and golden plates Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Even though nobody else ever saw them Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The Marsh house. Sharon and Shelly are at their spots, Stan sits on the couch, all three watch TV. Randy returns with a Book of Mormon in hand."
All About Mormons,Sharon,"So, how'd it go, Clubber Lange? You kicked Mr. Harrison's ass?"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Not exactly. We're uh, having their family over for dinner tomorrow night."
All About Mormons,Stan,See? That's what happened to me!
All About Mormons,Randy,"Sharon, did you know this guy Joseph Smith found a new testament to the Bible buried here in America?"
All About Mormons,Sharon,What are you talking about?
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well it's just that... the Harrisons are really nice people and... you should see how loving and together their family is. I, I think there's something to that religion."
All About Mormons,Stan,"That's what they made me think, too!"
All About Mormons,Randy,"All right, that does it. From now on, our family is Mormon!"
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The neighborhood, day. In front of Kyle's house Kyle, Kenny and Cartman are tossing a football around. Stan arrives. Cartman catches the football and approaches Stan."
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Hey Stan, how was your date last night with the new kid?"
All About Mormons,Stan,"Shut up, dude. They're a nice family and... Gary is actually really smart and talented."
All About Mormons,Cartman,"[cooing] Aww, you guys. I think Stan's in love."
All About Mormons,Kyle,"Yeah. Did you make out with him, too?"
All About Mormons,Stan,What's the big deal? Can't I have other friends? You guys should give Gary a chance.
All About Mormons,Gary,[arrives] Hey Stan.
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Ohhh, here's Stan's little girlfriend now."
All About Mormons,Gary,"Hey guys. Stan, I remember you said last night that you'd lost your wallet, so I made you a new one. [hands Stan a brown leather wallet] I carved a picture of John Elway into the leather on the front."
All About Mormons,Stan,"Wow, you made this?"
All About Mormons,Cartman,"[playing it up] Awww, look at them. Aren't they so cute together?"
All About Mormons,Gary,Hey! My family's on their way over to the fire station to donate blood. You wanna come along? [Cartman gags.]
All About Mormons,Stan,"Uh, I don't think so, Gary. I have to uh... [a car horn is heard]"
All About Mormons,Gary,Oh here comes my family now!
All About Mormons,The Harrisons,Hey you guys! [they get out of the car]
All About Mormons,Karen,"Look, we painted our faces! [they laugh]"
All About Mormons,Mark,I'm a lion. [scratches the air like a lion might]
All About Mormons,Jenny,I'm an alien. [green face paint]
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Hey, just what the heck am I supposed to be? [they laugh]"
All About Mormons,Cartman,Oh my God...
All About Mormons,Dave,"[a piglet] You gonna come with us to the fire station, Stan?"
All About Mormons,Stan,"[fumbling about] Uh, no. I've got a lot to do."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Well... Gary, you wanna just hang out with your friend Stan?"
All About Mormons,Gary,"Oh. Well, I'd like to, but... Oh man, I would miss you guys so much!"
All About Mormons,Mark,"We'd miss you too, Gary. Heh."
All About Mormons,Karen,"Aw, we'll all see each other tonight when we go to Stan's house for dinner. Stay and play with your friend, Gary."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Yeah. Have a good time, boys. [the family laughs and gets inside the car]"
All About Mormons,Mark,Let's go. [the doors close and they drive off] Our faces are painted. [more laughter]
All About Mormons,Kyle,Wow!
All About Mormons,Gary,So what do you guys wanna do?
All About Mormons,Cartman,"[backs away a bit with Kyle and Kenny] Uh, that's cool. We're gonna leave you two lovebirds alone. The three of us have to go put in some volunteer work at the homeless shelter. [looks at the other two. All three move off to their left and leave]"
All About Mormons,Gary,Oh cool! I'm gonna do that tomorrow.
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Eeheehee, Jesus Christ. [an awkward moment between Gary and Stan follows]"
All About Mormons,Gary,"So hey, I heard your dad came over last night and he and my dad talked about Joseph Smith. That's great!"
All About Mormons,Stan,[turns right and walks. Gary walks alongside] Yeah. I had a question about that Joseph Smith guy.
All About Mormons,Gary,Sure.
All About Mormons,Stan,What happened after he found the golden plates buried in the ground?
All About Mormons,Gary,"Well, he kept them hidden from everyone like he was told. And then he translated what was written on the plates into the Book of Mormon."
All About Mormons,Stan,"Yeah, but... how?"
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"Back to the 1800s, night. Joseph Smith and another man walk up into the attic of a large building."
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Man,"What's this all about, Mr. Smith?"
All About Mormons,Smith,"Mr. Harris, can you keep a secret?"
All About Mormons,Harris,"Well, sure I can."
All About Mormons,Smith,"I have, in my possession, an ancient book written on gold plates that tells of Jesus Christ's second coming. Here, in America."
All About Mormons,Harris,In America? [scratches his head] Really? That sounds kind of...
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Smith,"It's true. And I'm going to translate the plates and publish it into a book for the whole world to read. Now, ahah-I know you have a lot of money, Mr. Harris, and I'm just gonna need a little bit to pay for the publishing costs."
All About Mormons,Harris,"Mmm, I don't know. Uh, how do you expect to translate it?"
All About Mormons,Smith,With these. [presents the seer stones]
All About Mormons,Harris,Rocks?
All About Mormons,Smith,"They're not rocks. They're seer stones, given to me by an angel. With them, God allowed me to translate the plates into English. Watch. You take this quill and paper and write down what I say. Sit here. [on the floor, by some sheets of paper and a quill pen in an ink well] I have the golden plates here in this hat. I need to have them somewhere dark so I can read the spiritual light."
All About Mormons,Harris,Really?
All About Mormons,Smith,"Now, when I put the seer stones into the hat, the ancient letter light up and change into English, which I can then read to you."
All About Mormons,Harris,Wow! [Smith looks down and lowers his head so the face is buried in the hat]
All About Mormons,Smith,"Ooo, I'm seeing the light. Oh, okay. Write this down. ""And... so... it... was... that... Christ... appeared before... the... Nephites."""
All About Mormons,Singers,"And that's how the Book of Mormon was written Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Dumb dadumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Dumb dadumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Dahumb dahumb dumb dumb dumb dumb Dumb dumb dumb dumb duuumb, duuumb."
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. At the dining table they're playing the same board game the Harrisons were playing a few nights before: ""LIVING""."
All About Mormons,Randy,"One two three four. ""Pay one thousand dollars property tax."" [pays the property tax] Isn't this great, you guys? Our first Family Home Evening."
All About Mormons,Shelly,I wanna watch TV.
All About Mormons,Randy,We're not watching TV! We're Mormons now and we're having Family Home Evening!
All About Mormons,Stan,"Dad, did you know that that Joseph Smith guy read the Book of Mormon out of a hat?"
All About Mormons,Randy,"And? [to Sharon] Your turn, Sharon."
All About Mormons,Stan,"It's just that... the Book of Mormon says a lot of strange stuff, like that Adam and Eve lived in Jackson County, Missouri."
All About Mormons,Randy,Yes.
All About Mormons,Stan,But school taught me that the first man and woman lived in Africa.
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well you can't believe everything school tells you, Stan. Your turn, Shelly. [the doorbell rings] Oooo, that must be the Harrisons! [rises and goes to the front door. He opens and the Harrisons walk in with enthusiasm, chatting away]"
All About Mormons,Gary,Hey everybody.
All About Mormons,Mark,"[walks around] Wow, what a great house!"
All About Mormons,Karen,[walks up to Sharon] You must be Mrs. Marsh; it's so nice to meet you!
All About Mormons,Jenny,"[walks up to Shelly] And you must be Stan's sister. Oh, I think your brother's the greatest."
All About Mormons,Shelly,My brother is a stupid turd.
All About Mormons,Gary,[walks up to Stan] Hey Stan.
All About Mormons,Stan,[with reservations] Hey Gary.
All About Mormons,Randy,"Well, come on in and sit down, everybody. [they all settle in on the couches in the living room. Shelly avoids looking at the Harrisons] You're here just in time. My son was having a little problem with our new religion."
All About Mormons,Stan,Dad!
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Ohohoho, really? Well, that's just because he hasn't heard the best part about the Joseph Smith story! The one that proves he was for real!"
All About Mormons,The Harrisons,Yeah! Woohoo!
All About Mormons,Randy,"Ooo, what's that?"
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Well, you remember Martin Harris, the rich man who wrote down what Joseph Smith read out of the hat?"
All About Mormons,Stan,Yeah.
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"See, after he was done, he took some of the pages of what would become the Book of Mormon home."
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"Back to the 1800s, night, the large building."
All About Mormons,Singers,Martin went home to his wife Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb And showed her pages from the Book of Mormon Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Harris,"A-and so Joseph Smith put his head into a hat, a-and read to me what the golden plates said. I wrote it all down and we're gonna publish it into a book."
All About Mormons,Mrs. Harris,"Martin, how do you know he isn't just making stuff up and pretending he's translating off golden plates?"
All About Mormons,Singers,Lucy Harris smart smart smart Smart smart smart smart smart
All About Mormons,Harris,Why would he make it up?
All About Mormons,Singers,Martin Harris dumb dadumb-
All About Mormons,Lucy,"All right, here. I'm gonna hide these pages. [puts them in a drawer at the bottom end of an armoir] If Joseph Smith really is translating off of golden plates, then he'll be able to do it again. But if Joseph Smith is making it all up, then the new translations will be different from these."
All About Mormons,Harris,"Okay, fine. I bet he'll have no problem. [puts on his coat and heads out]"
All About Mormons,Singers,Lucy Harris smart smart smart Martin Harris dumb. So Martin went on back to Smith Said the pages had gone away Smith got mad and told Martin He needed to go pray Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Harris,"[upon Smith's return] Look, ah I'm sorry about losin' the pages we worked on, Joe, but I'm ready to write it all down again if you translate from the plates."
All About Mormons,Smith,"I would love to, Martin, except, I just had a vision. And the Lord said he's very angry with me for letting you take those pages."
All About Mormons,Harris,[gasps] He is??
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
All About Mormons,Smith,"Yes. He is so mad that he will never let me translate from the plate of Lehi again. He's... we must now translate from the plate of Nephi. So it will be the same basic story, but written a little differently."
All About Mormons,Harris,"Wow! If God got angry with you, then you must be tellin' the truth."
All About Mormons,Singers,Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb.
All About Mormons,Harris,"All right, Martin. Let's get to work! [Smith reads from the hat again and dictates to Harris, who writes it all down]"
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"Back to the present, the Marsh house."
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,And that's how it happened.
All About Mormons,Kids,Yeah! All right! [the Marshes sit there without a word to say]
All About Mormons,Stan,...Wait. Mormons actually know this story and they still believe Joseph Smith was a prophet?
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Well sure. The story proves it, doesn't it?"
All About Mormons,Stan,"No, it proves he DID make it all up. Are you blind?"
All About Mormons,Mark,"Well, Stan, it's all a matter of faith."
All About Mormons,Stan,"No, it's a matter of logic! If you're gonna say things that have been proven wrong, like that the first man and woman lived in Missouri, and that Native Americans came from Jerusalem, then you'd better have something to back it up. All you've got are a bunch of stories about some asswipe who read plates nobody ever saw out of a hat, and then couldn't do it again when the translations were hidden!"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Hey, Stan, don't denounce our religion."
All About Mormons,Stan,"[crosses his arms] I don't wanna be Mormon, Dad!"
All About Mormons,Shelly,Me neither.
All About Mormons,Gary,"Hey, that's only cool, guys. You can believe whatever you want!"
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,"Yeah, it's great you have your own beliefs."
All About Mormons,Gary,Yeah! Hooray for the Marshes!
All About Mormons,Stan,"Oh, stop it! [stands up] That's another thing! Why do you have to be so freakin' nice all the time?! It isn't normal! You just weasel people into your way of thinking by acting like the happiest family in the world and being so nice to everyone that you just blindside dumb people like my Dad!"
All About Mormons,Randy,"Yeah! [moments later they are standing outside, and the door is slammed on their faces. They turn around, and Gary Sr. sighs]"
All About Mormons,Gary Sr.,Well kids... Who's up for a water balloon fight?!
All About Mormons,Kids,"Yeah! All right! [they leave the Marsh house in high spirits, except Gary, who looks insulted]"
All About Mormons,Scene Description,"The bus stop, next day. Kyle, Cartman and Kenny wait for the bus, Stan walks up somewhat somberly."
All About Mormons,Kyle,"Oh, hey Stan. Where's your best buddy, Gary?"
All About Mormons,Stan,I'm not hanging around that kid anymore.
All About Mormons,Cartman,[needling] Oh no! You guys broke up?
All About Mormons,Stan,"You guys were right, okay? The new kid's a douche. Now I just gotta find a way to keep him away from me."
All About Mormons,Gary,[shows up] Hey Stan.
All About Mormons,Stan,Oh brother.
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Uh oh, the jilted lover returns."
All About Mormons,Gary,"Listen, I just wanted to let you know you don't have to worry about me tryin' to be your friend anymore."
All About Mormons,Stan,I don't?
All About Mormons,Gary,"Look, maybe us Mormons do believe in crazy stories that make absolutely no sense, and maybe Joseph Smith did make it all up, but I have a great life. and a great family, and I have the Book of Mormon to thank for that. The truth is, I don't care if Joseph Smith made it all up, because what the church teaches now is loving your family, being nice and helping people. And even though people in this town might think that's stupid, I still choose to believe in it. All I ever did was try to be your friend, Stan, but you're so high and mighty you couldn't look past my religion and just be my friend back. You've got a lot of growing up to do, buddy. Suck my balls. [turns around and walks off. All four boys just look at him in wonder.]"
All About Mormons,Cartman,"Damn, that kid is cool, huh?"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, gymnasium, day. A school meeting is called and kids file in. Between two basketball backboards hangs a blue banner with the words ""BUTT OUT!"" The O doubles as a no-smoking symbol. There's plenty of chatter in the gym."
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,"[off-screen] M'kay, kids, can I have it quiet, please? M'kay? M'kay, quiet now, the assembly's about to start, m'kay. M'kay, quiet ple-mk-m'kay? [Mr. Garrison approaches him, takes the microphone and puts it against one of the massive speakers, creating a loud feedback loop. The kids scream in pain as Mr. Garrison returns the mic to Mr. Mackey.] M'kay. Uh, now kids, we have a really fun motivational group today who are gonna talk to you about the dangers of smoking, m'kay? So please give a very big South Park Cows welcome to, ""Butt Out!"" [music starts up and a very enthusiastic troupe dashes out from behind the speakers and multi-screen monitor. After some chatter they begin to sing]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!,"Butt out! Yeah yeah! Kids, that cigarette butt is gross! Butt out! Uh huh! Smokin's got to go! [the music stops and the troupe members strike poses]"
Butt Out,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] Oh no...
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Yeah! All right! Woohoo!!
Butt Out,Butt Out! lady,"Hey students, how are we all feelin' today? Woooo! [not a sound emanates from the student audience]"
Butt Out,Butt Out! man 1,"[steps forth] Hey, did you guys know that each year over six hundred thousand people a year die from smoking? A year!"
Butt Out,Butt Out! man 2,[steps forth] Six hundred thousand?? Are you sure you're not just blowing smoke? [the troupe members laugh]
Butt Out,Butt Out! lady,"Blow smoke? Us? No way! Because we don't need to smoke and neither do you, right kids? Butt out! Break it down! [a rap begins. The third male trouper becomes a human beat box.]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Butt out! Yeah yeah! It's cool to say no! Butt out! Uh huh! Smokin's got to go!
Butt Out,Butt Out! man 3,"[steps forward and begins his beat box, just a bunch of utterances including] Smoking, no. No smoking. [ends his bit and backs up]"
Butt Out,Butt Out! man 2,Freestyle!
Butt Out,Butt Out! lady,Vernon! [The first of the Butt Out! males steps forth while the third one resumes his beat box]
Butt Out,Vernon,Don't smoke! Don't ever smoke!
Butt Out,Butt Out!,"Kyle! [Vernon steps back into the line, the second But Out! male steps forth]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Kyle,"B to the U to the T to the T to the O to the U to the T to the C to the I to the G to the A to the R to the E to the T to the T to the E! Butt out, cigarette!"
Butt Out,Kyle,"Dude, this is unbearable."
Butt Out,Cartman,"I'm going to kill myself. [return to the rap, which soon ends and Butt Out!'s Kyle goes back in line]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Randy!
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Randy,"[steps forth] Smoke you know has got to go. You go, you got to know to say the ""no"" to the smoke, you go go.. [Stan holds his nose, grimaces and sighs heavily] ... you gotta get it!"
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Pam!
Butt Out,Pam,[steps forth and makes like a diesel truck pulling to a stop. In a screeching voice she says] Dooooonttt smooooke.
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Woohoo! [she goes back into the line]
Butt Out,Cartman,"You guys, Kenny's eating his own hand. [Kenny's chewing on his left hand. Stan and Kyle are half asleep]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Kyle,"Hey! What's the big deal? I like smoking, and it makes me cool! [turns his hat around so it's on backwards, and strikes a pose]"
Butt Out,Pam,"Oh, really?? Do you think lung cancer is cool, too?? [Butt Out!'s Kyle strikes a surprised pose]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Randy,What about emphysema?? Is that cool?? [Butt Out!'s Kyle clasps his hands together]
Butt Out,Vernon,"And what about abortion, and AIDS? [Butt Out!'s Kyle slumps]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Randy,Pfft! That's none's the cool.
Butt Out,Pam,Word.
Butt Out,Vernon,Yeah. So butt out! [Butt Out!'s Kyle turns his hat back around]
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Butt out! Yeah yeah! Give that cigarette butt a throw!
Butt Out,Stan,"[rolls eyes] Ugh, Jesus Christ! [Cartman has his hands buried in his face]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!,Butt out! Uh huh! Smokin's got to go!
Butt Out,Vernon,"Remember, kids, if you smoke, you could grow up to be a failure."
Butt Out,Pam,"Worse yet, you could grow up to be dead. [collapses into Vernon's arms. He stands her up again]"
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Kyle,So don't believe what those evil tobacco companies tell you!
Butt Out,Butt Out!'s Randy,"Yeah, because if you don't smoke, you can grow up to be-"
Butt Out,Butt Out!,"[strikes one final pose] Just Like Us. [the boys look at each other, not quite sure what to make of that]"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, loading area. The boys are there next to a trash bin, smoking ... and coughing."
Butt Out,Stan,"Give me a hit. Give me another one, give me another one. [takes a cigarette from Kyle's pack, lights up, and puffs]"
Butt Out,Kyle,"Aw dude, this is really hard."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Oh shit, here comes Mr. Mackey. [the boys quickly turn away and toss the cigarettes and lighter into the trash bin]"
Butt Out,Kyle,"Throw 'em away! [the boys' faces are red. Kyle glances back] Dudes, here he comes. Guys, stop coughing. [the boys stifle their coughs as Mr. Mackey draws near.]"
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,"[stops, then walks around to face the boys] Boys, what are you doing back here? [the boys try their best to keep their coughs in check] I asked you a question: What are you doing back here, 'k?!"
Butt Out,Cartman,[in clipped tones] Nothing.
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,What??
Butt Out,Cartman,"Nothin' Na- Due-nothing. [moments later Stan sneezes, and a large amount of snot ends up on his face and jacket]"
Butt Out,Kyle,[looks] D'awww sick! [Stan coughs and tries to cover his mouth]
Butt Out,Cartman,"Gross dude! [with the stifles broken, the boys resume coughing]"
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,"Well hey, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you boys have been smoking!"
Butt Out,Cartman,"No... No, Mr. Mackey... We don't have any cigarettes."
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,"Well you'd better not! Because let me tell you some'n' about smokin'! [a burst of flame appears in the trash bin] Uh, smokin's bad, m'kay. [the boys look a bit alarmed] And uh, if you start smokin' at an early age, m'kay, it's gonna be bad. [the wall behind the bin and one of the posts holding up the awning over the loading dock burst into flame. The boys are getting scared. More of the wall bursts into flames and the flames begin to enter classrooms] M'kay, because uh, smoking can lead to all kinds of health problems like cancer. [the rest of the awning bursts into flames and flames appear at the bottom of the roll-away security door] M'kay, and let me tell you something about cancer, m'kay. Cancer's bad. M'kay, and uh, eh, what? [sniffs] What the? [turns around] Holy shit! M'kay?! [the fire alarm goes off and the school empties out the front door. Mr. Garrison, Mr. Adler, Ms. Choise, and Mr. Slave are all seen]"
Butt Out,Mr. Slave,Oh! Jesus Christ! [time-lapse a few hours. The school has been gutted by the flames and firefighters clean up. Police are present for crowd control. Mr. Mackey is none too pleased]
Butt Out,Stan,...Whoops.
Butt Out,Scene Description,"The Principal's office, Only the door and the desk remain. The bookshelves are burnt up except for the bottom shelf. The cabinets are charred. The desk is charred and two of its legs are burnt off."
Butt Out,Principal Victoria,"[seated behind her desk] Well, you boys have certainly done it this time!"
Butt Out,Cartman,We're sorry.
Butt Out,Principal Victoria,"Not as sorry as you're going to be when your parents get here! Ah, here they come now. [sure enough, their parents can be seen approaching through the ruins]"
Butt Out,Kyle,Oh God... [looks down. One of the parents knocks.]
Butt Out,Principal Victoria,Come on in. [Randy opens the door and the parents enter]
Butt Out,Sharon,"Stanley, what did you do this time?!"
Butt Out,Principal Victoria,"You'd better brace yourself, parents. The boys were caught... smoking!"
Butt Out,Sheila,Smoking?
Butt Out,Sharon,"No, it can't be! My son is not a filthy smoker! [begins to sob. Randy holds her]"
Butt Out,Stan,"Mom... [Randy holds her tight] Dad, it was just a-"
Butt Out,Randy,I don't have a son!
Butt Out,Liane,"Eric, you've done a lot of horrible things in your life, but smoking? You're grounded for three weeks!"
Butt Out,Cartman,Three weeks?! Are you fucking kidding me?
Butt Out,Gerald,Haven't you boys heard anything about how harmful smoking is to you and those around you?
Butt Out,Sheila,"Of course they haven't, because the tobacco companies have gotten to them first. This is really their fault."
Butt Out,Kyle,[seizing the opportunity] Yeah. This is really their fault.
Butt Out,Sheila,"No matter how much money the anti-smoking groups spend, the tobacco companies are there to fill our children's heads with lies and propaganda that make them wanna smoke."
Butt Out,Cartman,"[agreeing] Yeah, huh? [launches into a small demonstration] It-it's like the tobacco companies have control of my mind- No. Must. Fight it. Tobacco companies... making me want to smoke. Ah!"
Butt Out,Liane,"Oh my goodness, I had no idea. [kneels next to him] Are you okay, sweetie?"
Butt Out,Randy,"Well, those God-damned tobacco companies aren't gonna have control over MY kid! I say we bring them down!"
Butt Out,Sheila,We need the help of the greatest anti-smoking celebrity that ever lived. Rob Reiner.
Butt Out,Kyle,[to Stan] Who's Rob Reiner?
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Rob Reiner's Smoke Stoppers, day. A blue skyscraper flanked by two taller blue towers, with the Hollywood sign in the background. Inside, Rob Reiner speaks to four executives, but he's facing the window. He's reading from some papers."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[breathless, dabs his forehead] I don't understand it. I pushed a law for higher taxes on cigarettes, I lobbied to get images of cigarettes removed from movies and art, I forced smokers out of bars and parks, but still I get letters from parents saying their kids are doin' it. [puts the papers on the desk, unwraps a triple cheeseburger, starts eating it, and sits down at his desk] Apparently, people still don't understand how bad smoking people is for them. Don't they know how dangerous it is to their health? [dabs his forehead] Don't they know the hazard of second-hand smoke?"
Butt Out,Executive 1,"According to the letter, sir, the town has a tobacco company quite near them."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Yeah, that must be it. [dabs his forehead] The tobacco companies, with their millions of dollars and their slick desks and fancy buildings, [the camera pulls out to show the slick desk and fancy building Reiner is in. Reiner dabs his forehead again] they're the ones making music wanna smoke! [dabs his forehead again, opens another triple cheeseburger and begins munching on that] They're the ones hurting our nation's health! I will not stand by and see the children of America corrupted by those bastards! [dabs his forehead] This is war!!"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. People have gathered to greet Reiner when he arrives, and some people have signs saying the same thing as the banner. Other signs say ""THANKS ROB!!"", ""Welcome MEATHEAD!"" and ""Give 'em hell REINER!"" Stan and friends wait by the front door."
Butt Out,Kyle,"You guys, maybe we should come clean right now and tell everyone that it wasn't the tobacco companies that made us want to smoke."
Butt Out,Stan,What??
Butt Out,Cartman,"Why? It's perfect. If everyone's blaming the tobacco companies, then nobody's blaming us."
Butt Out,Stan,"Yeah, what's the problem?"
Butt Out,Kyle,"Well it's just that, eh, this seems like another one of those times when things are gonna get way out of hands, you know? It's been happening a lot lately. How about this time we just put a stop to it right now?"
Butt Out,Cartman,"Dumbass, you don't wanna be grounded for three weeks, do you?"
Butt Out,Stan,"Yeah, don't worry dude. Things aren't gonna get out of hand."
Butt Out,Mr. Garrison,"Here he comes! [Two Smoke Stoppers vans and a big rig pull up to City Hall. Rob Reiner follows in a Cadillac, which stops at the walkway leading up to the front door. Reiner opens the door and tries to get out, but he's too big to fit through.]"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[after a few grunts] Damnit. [struggles some more, but fails to move any] Butter! [the driver glances back] Butter! [the driver exits the car and walks around the front]"
Butt Out,Mr. Garrison,What'd he say?
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Butter!! [the driver arrives with a bucket of butter. Rob Reiner grabs a bunch of it and butters himself up. The driver leaves with the butter as Reiner rubs the last of it against the seat of his pants. Reiner struggles once more and pops out of the car, falling to the ground. He stumbles, then rises and stumbles again. This time he stands up and raises his hands in victory. This raises his sweater, and his belly is exposed. He notices this and lowers his sweater. He raises his hands again and his sweater rises. He lowers his hands and walks up to the dais. The mic transmits his breathlessness as he dabs his forehead. His cheeks are rosy from the heat leaving his head] Hello South Park!! [the crowd cheers, the boys look at each other] It is so nice to see an entire town come together to fight for good health! And I'm gonna help ya! [the crowd cheers] These poor innocent children have been seduced into smoking tobacco. So I say, ""We fight fire with fire!"" We're gonna use these children to bring the tobacco companies down! [someone shoots some confetti in the air and it rains down over everybody.]"
Butt Out,Kyle,Oh no...
Butt Out,Scene Description,"The town bar. Reiner sits at a booth with the boys, feverishly eating. A waitress comes up with a platter of cheeseburgers and fries."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Alright kids, here's what we're gonna do. [the waitress replaces a cleared platter with the newly loaded one] We're gonna sneak you into the tobacco company by saying you kids want a tour for a school paper. [begins eating the burgers and dabs his head] Once you're inside, mm, mm, I'm gonna take photos and then we'll publish them, saying that the tobacco company invited you over to seduce you into smoking. Got it?"
Butt Out,Cartman,Got it! [Stan and Kyle look at each other]
Butt Out,Kyle,"But... isn't that, kind of, lying?"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Uh, we're just leveling out the playing field. [dabs his forehead] The tobacco companies lie to you about the dangers of smoking. If we're gonna take them down, we've gotta lie right back! [begins to sniff around after detecting cigarette smoke, then focuses in on the source. The boys look as well. The source is a man wearing a Buds Light Beer hat, enjoying a drink and a smoke at the bar] Oh my God! [coughs loudly, but fails to get the man's attention. He rises from the booth and walks up to the smoker] Excuse me!"
Butt Out,BUDS man,Yes?
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,Would you mind putting that death stick out?!
Butt Out,BUDS man,"But, uh, this is a bar."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,Isn't smoking illegal in bars here?
Butt Out,Bartender,Not in Colorado.
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,Oh my God! What kind of backward hick state is this?!
Butt Out,BUDS man,"Look man, I work fourteen hours a day at the saw mill. I just got off work and I need to relax."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,Well when I relax I just go to my vacation house in Hawaii!
Butt Out,BUDS man,[getting irritated] I ain't got a vacation house in Hawaii!
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Your vacation house in Mexico, then, whatever it is! Look, you are putting my life and these boys' lives in danger by smoking that in here! And I'm not gonna tolerate it! I will end smoking in bars in Colorado! There will be no more smoking here!"
Butt Out,Scene Description,Back at the table...
Butt Out,Cartman,"[impressed] Isn't he awesome, you guys?"
Butt Out,Kyle,What??
Butt Out,Cartman,"Dude, he just goes around imposing his will on people. He's my idol. [pics up an onion ring and munches on it]"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Big Tobacco Co., day. Reiner and the boys approach the front door."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[turns to face the boys] All right boys, just do what I tell ya and we'll be able to sue this tobacco company for two billion dollars! [pulls out a drumstick from his sack and starts eating it] As soon as we get into the main facility, I'll snap the photo of you kids, and we can all run out! Think you can handle it?"
Butt Out,Cartman,"Handle it? For two billion dollars I'd handle my grandpa's balls, sir."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Heh, great. [opens the sack and pulls out a costume] Okay, now watch yourselves, kids. These tobacco company people will do anything to get you hooked on smoking. They are liars and they are frauds!"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Big Tobacco Co., headquarters. A door opens and closes."
Butt Out,Receptionist,Can I help you?
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,[now dressed in the costume he pulled out] Yes. My name is Rita Poon. I called about my boys wanting a tour.
Butt Out,Executive,"[enters the scene] Ah, yes, Mrs. Poon. My name's Kevin Harris and I'm the vice president of Big Tobacco."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Oh. Hello, Mr. Harris."
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,"Well, come on in. [motions the group to a hallway, which they enter] How about a little history first? [stops by a portrait of Indians seated around a campfire] Native Americans were the first to cultivate the tobacco plant. They smoked it in pipes for medicinal and ceremonial purposes."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[mutters] Not if I were around, they wouldn't have."
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,Excuse me?
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Oh, nothing! Please continue."
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,The first successful commercial crop of tobacco was cultivated in Virginia in 1612. [stops by a portrait of Pilgrims harvesting the crop] Within seven years it was one of the country's largest exports.
Butt Out,Kyle,"So, tobacco helped to build America."
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,That's right. Over the next few centuries the tobacco business was so great that many slaves were brought from Africa to help work the fields.
Butt Out,Cartman,"[strokes his chin] Which means, if it weren't for tobacco, many of our black friends wouldn't be here today."
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,"[moves on] And so for centuries, tobacco production flourished. Nobody was even aware of any dangers back then, until, in 1965, [stops at a framed tobacco warning] when Congress passed an act forcing all tobacco companies to put the Surgeon General's warning on their packages. So now, everyone knows the dangers of smoking. And some people still choose to do it, and we believe that's what being an American is all about."
Butt Out,Kyle,That sounds perfectly reasonable.
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,"And here's our factory at work. [opens the double doors to the factory. The workers begin to sing. Some of them scoop tobacco plants into large tanks. Other collect minced leaves into large wheelbarrows, others keep inventory. They break into song and dance near the end of the song]"
Butt Out,Factory workers,With a hidey lidey lidey and a hidey lidey lay We work and we make cigarettes all hidey lidey day So folks can get a breaky from their stressful lidey lives And relaxy with the cigarettes we make all day and night
Butt Out,Young worker,I like to have a cigarette every now and then [turns around] It makes me fee-l calmer when the day is at an end. [hops onto the wheelbarrow and rides away]
Butt Out,Older worker,And if it gives me cancer when I'm eighty I don't care Who the hell wants to be ninety anyway.
Butt Out,Factory workers,So with a hidey lidey lidey and a hidey lidey lay We work and we make cigarettes all hidey lidey day So folks can get a breaky from their stressful lidey lives And relaxy with the cigarettes we make all day and night
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,"Well, I guess that's the end of our tour."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Oh, here boys. Let me get your picture. [the boys turn around and Reiner takes the picture] Got it! Ha! You bastards are going down now!"
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,What??
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"I'm not Rita Poon! I'm Rob Reiner! [takes off the wig] And you've just been Reinered! Come on boys, let's make our escape! [makes a dash for the exit. A worker with a cart of cases of cigarettes is gong about his business] Don't you try and stop us! [he smacks the worker, who goes down cold. He runs further on and picks up another worker over his head, then throws him down onto the floor below. The other workers panic]"
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,[looks down at the mayhem] Oh my God!
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Temporary Smoke Stoppers offices, night. Reiner and the boys arrive."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Hoh boy, that was great, kids."
Butt Out,Stan,Those people at the tobacco company all seem really nice.
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Hah, you see that? They got into your head. Now you kids can meet some good, decent people, the folks who work to get smoking banned!"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Temporary Smoke Stoppers offices, interior. The workers there walk around like zombies, or Igor, Dr. Frankenstein's helper. They make grunts as they pass each other. The woman runs off and the man chases after her."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[walks across the room towards a table laden with burgers] This is how we get rid of smokers. [approaches and grabs a burger] We go state to state and do things like, use bogus studies and make extensive commercials to get the public on our side and force cigarette smokers to stop!"
Butt Out,Cartman,"Wow. It's like, it's like, smoking brings a lot of people just a little bit of joy and, and you get to take that away from them. [cuddles up to Reiner] You are so awesome."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[walks up to an employee and hands him the camera. The worker hooks it up to his computer] Here you go Bob. [Explains to the boys] This is Mr. Baffrey. He does all our Photoshop work. [the screen is shown with a picture loading behind a download progress bar] Now, all we have to do is Photoshop cigarettes into your hands! [Baffrey places cigarettes into the boys' hands] And bingo! When this hits the papers the tobacco company is screwed! Hahahaha! [Baffrey joins in the laughter]"
Butt Out,Kyle,"But dude, you're making stuff up."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[munching on another burger] You kids need to understand something, okay? Sometimes lying is okay. Like, when you know what's good for people more than they do."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Oh my God, that is what I've always said. [motions to Reiner] I love this guy!"
Butt Out,worker,"[walks in with a news feed] Mr. Reiner, your bill to have smoking outlawed at bars here didn't pass."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"What?! [grabs the news feed the worker was holding] God-damnit, what the hell is wrong with people in this state?!"
Butt Out,worker,"Apparently, several people here still believe there's no proof second-hand smoke can kill you."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Well they want proof?! All right, we'll give them proof! Boys, I need one of you to act in a commercial for us! We'll shoot it tomorrow!"
Butt Out,Cartman,"[eagerly] Wow, a commercial?"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"And you boys decide which one of you will be best for the part. All right people, we've gotta get moving on the bill to ban smoking in Potsdam! Let's go!"
Butt Out,Cartman,"God, he's just the best! [rushes off to follow Reiner] Mr. Reiner, can I get you a muffin? O-or a cold drink, perhaps?"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Outside the tent. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny rush out of there and stop some distance away from it."
Butt Out,Kyle,"Guys, I think we should bail out of this right now!"
Butt Out,Stan,Huh?
Butt Out,Kyle,"This is just startin' to look like another one of those times where it-it's gonna end up with the whole town turning out, it's a big showdown happening, and us havin' to talk about what we learned, and I say we just stop right now, and go play cards or something."
Butt Out,Kenny,"(Well yep, that's what I think.)"
Butt Out,Stan,"Yeah, maybe you're right. [Cartman walks out and catches up to the others]"
Butt Out,Cartman,"So, heh gentlemen, looks like only one of us gets to be in the commercial, huh? Who will it be...? Gentlemen, the game is on!"
Butt Out,Kyle,Go ahead. We don't wanna be in their stupid commercial.
Butt Out,Cartman,"[confused] Huh? Oh, I get it, Kyle. That's your Serbian Jew double bluff. Make me think you don't care about being in the commercial so that maybe I won't either. Ooops. didn't work, did it, Kyle?"
Butt Out,Kyle,"No, we really want nothing more to do with these people."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Sure you don't, Kyle. Oh, and neither do I. Oh, I know what you're gonna say next. You're gonna say, ""How about none of us show up tomorrow to do it?"" And then I'm supposed to agree so that tomorrow you can waltz in all by yourself and do the commercial. That's Serbian Jew double bluff and it ain't [poke] gonna [poke] work [poke] on [poke] me [poke] ha [poke] ha [poke] ha [poke]. Only one of us can be in the commercial, gentlemen. The game... is on. [leaves]"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Cartman climbs up to the second story and opens a window at the end of the hallway. He carries with him a bunch of lumber, a hammer, and some nails. He approaches Kyle's door and gets to work hammering the lumber in place over the door."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Sorry Kyle, but I'm afraid only one of us will be showing up to do the commercial tomorrow! Hahahaha! Thought you had me with your Serbian Jew double bluff, didn't you?! Well let's see you try to open this door now. [Cartman forgets that hallway doors open in to their respective rooms] Hahahahaha! Haa haa hahahahahaha! Haa haa haha- [Kyle appears next to him with a glass of water]"
Butt Out,Kyle,What are you doing? [Cartman snaps his head around and looks]
Butt Out,Cartman,"[drops his hammer in this awkward moment] Oh... Hello, Kyle. Oh man. Wait, this isn't my house."
Butt Out,Kyle,"Cartman, you go ahead and do the commercial tomorrow. But I'm warning you, those anti-smoking people are liars and they're bullies who will stop at nothing to get what they want, and that means they're dangerous. [walks around Cartman, opens the door, goes under lumber obstruction, enters the bedroom, then closes the door. Cartman is a bit surprised]"
Butt Out,Cartman,"Hahahahahaha! [resumes hammering] Nice try, Kyle! Let's see you try to get through the door now! Haa haa hahahahaha!"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Temporary Smoke Stoppers offices, day. Cartman is at the photo shoot getting makeup, being prepped for the shot."
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Okay Eric, this is going to be real simple. All you gotta do is read the words on the Teleprompter here. [motions to the monitor to his right, which has the Teleprompter ready to go]"
Butt Out,Cartman,"[giddily] Heh, okay. [the make-up crew leave]"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Let's see how the tobacco companies deal with this. [settles into his director's chair] All right, roll camera. Roll the TelePrompTer. And whenever you're ready, Eric."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Heh, okay, okay. [takes a deep breath, then strikes a somber pose] You know, some people say there's no proof that second-hand smoke kills. The tobacco companies say there's no proof that second-hand smoke kills. I've just been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. I guess... I'm the proof. The next time you want to believe that second-hand smoke doesn't kill, think about me. Because, by the time you see this commercial, I'll be... dead. [takes a closer look at that last line, then looks at Reiner] Dead??"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"And cut! Great! We got it! Wrap it up, people. That was fantastic."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Uh what... what does that mean, ""I'll be dead""? Hey, uh what, what was that ""dead"" part?"
Butt Out,Scary Assistant,"That was very good, Eric. Here, eat this cupcake."
Butt Out,Cartman,"Uh, nnno, thanks. I'm not hungry."
Butt Out,Scary Assistant,But you are. Just eat this one cupcake. It has... sprinkles.
Butt Out,Cartman,[pushes the cupcake away] I'm not eating the cupcake.
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[approaches Eric] Eric, do you know what a hero is? A hero is somebody who sacrifices himself for the good of others. You can be a hero, Eric. All you have to do... is eat the cupcake. [the scary assistant moves it towards Eric's mouth again]"
Butt Out,Cartman,[realizes what the words he said mean and bolts from the stool] Jesus Christ! HAAAA!
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"[gives chase] Hey! [Eric runs out a side door, Reiner follows close behind]"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Stan's house. The other boys are in the dining room playing cards. Cartman opens the door, runs in, and closes it quick. He then goes to a window and looks to see if he's being followed."
Butt Out,Stan,"What are you doing, Cartman?"
Butt Out,Cartman,They're going to kill me! [walks to the other window and looks out]
Butt Out,Kyle,Who's going to kill you?
Butt Out,Cartman,The anti-smoking people! They had me say I died from second-hand smoke and... now they want to sacrifice me to make it look real! They'll stop at nothing!!
Butt Out,Stan,"[pushes away from the table] Well, get away from us then."
Butt Out,Kyle,"Yeah dude, don't get us killed too. [the boys leave the table]"
Butt Out,Cartman,[draws close] You guys have to help me!
Butt Out,Kyle,"[the other boys back away] No dude, get away!"
Butt Out,Cartman,"[draws close] Please, you guys, I don't know what to do!"
Butt Out,Stan,"Stop it, Cartman! Go die on your own!"
Butt Out,Cartman,"If I go, you guys go!"
Butt Out,Stan,Daaaad!
Butt Out,Randy,[enters from the kitchen] What?
Butt Out,Stan,Anti-smoking people are trying to kill Cartman and he won't stay away from us!
Butt Out,Randy,"Don't be ridiculous, boys. The anti-smoking people are kind, caring, and intelligent. Your heads have just been corrupted by the lies of the big tobacco companies. [turns around and goes back into the kitchen]"
Butt Out,Cartman,"Hey, maybe that's it, you guys. Maybe the tobacco company can help us! [the boys keep their distance]"
Butt Out,Stan,"Help you, fatass! We weren't in the commercial, remember?"
Butt Out,Kyle,Yeah! Go to the tobacco company yourself!
Butt Out,Cartman,"Well that's fine. I thought you guys were my friends, but I guess I was wrong! [crosses his arms]"
Butt Out,Kyle,Yeah dude. You were totally wrong.
Butt Out,Kenny,(Uh huh.)
Butt Out,Cartman,"You guys, I am seriously gettin' pissed off heh! Now come on, we're goin' to the tobacco company!"
Butt Out,Stan,[yielding] Oh all right.
Butt Out,Kyle,No! What we really should do is go to our parents right now and take responsibility for smoking ourselves. Even if it means getting grounded.
Butt Out,Stan,Why?
Butt Out,Kyle,"Because, if we go to the tobacco company, I know exactly what'll happen. They'll take us in, and then Rob Reiner will show up with all the townspeople, holding torches or something, and there'll be a big showdown until we talk about what we learned, and change everyone's minds - this is all following a formula!"
Butt Out,Stan,"So it's either deal with all that, or be grounded for three weeks. [all the boys stroke their chins]"
Butt Out,Scene Description,"Big Tobacco Co., night. The town arrives with all the townspeople carrying torches and clamoring."
Butt Out,Kyle,God-damnit! [Cartman hides behind Mr. Harris upon seeing Rob Reiner]
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,Give us the child!
Butt Out,Kevin Harris,We will not!
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"There, you see that?! The tobacco company won't give us the kid! And do you know why?! Because they know that if they give us that kid, then we'll kill him! And when our commercial goes on the air, it will lose them business!"
Butt Out,Townspeople,"Yeah! Yeah, that's right!"
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,"[suddenly realizes] Wait a minute, what?"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Yeah. When we kill the kid, people are gonna think it's because of second-hand smoke! And then these bastards are all gonna make money, and they know it! [crowd goes silent]"
Butt Out,Randy,Wha- what the hell is wrong with you? That's not right.
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"Oh, God-damnit, do I have to explain this again?! Smoking is bad, people! So if we have to be a little extreme to stop it, it's okay!"
Butt Out,Kyle,"No it isn't, you fat turd! Because, I've learned something today. You just hate- [to Stan] See, I knew it."
Butt Out,Stan,Yup.
Butt Out,Kyle,"You just hate smoking, so you use all your money and power to force others to think like you. And that's called fascism, you tubby asshole!"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,God-Damnit There'll be no more smoking!!
Butt Out,Stan,"It wasn't the tobacco companies' fault that we smoked. It was our fault, us! We should all take personal responsibility instead of letting fat fascists like him tell us what to do!"
Butt Out,Mr. Mackey,"You're right, boys, m'kay?"
Butt Out,BUDS man,Yeah. Let smokers smoke.
Butt Out,Townspeople,Yeah!!
Butt Out,Mr. Garrison,"Hey Mr. Reiner, why don't you Butt Out! [they all laugh]"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,[holding a big slice of chocolate cake] I'm warning you: don't mess with anti-smoking groups!
Butt Out,Cartman,"[approaches Reiner] I don't idolize you anymore, asshole! [takes the fork Reiner was holding and jabs it into his belly, Reiner begins to deflate as fat gushes out of the punctures Cartman made with the fork]"
Butt Out,Rob Reiner,"My goo! My precious goo! [apparently, there were no bones there. All that's left of Reiner is a puddle of fat and the skin it was all in. Cartman returns to the other boys, and the parents gather around them]"
Butt Out,Sheila,"So Kyle, it wasn't the tobacco company that made you wanna smoke?"
Butt Out,Kyle,No.
Butt Out,Sheila,"Well then, you are grounded, mister!"
Butt Out,Liane,"You too, Eric."
Butt Out,Cartman,Aw awww!
Butt Out,Scene Description,Added in later showings of the episode.
Butt Out,Stan,"Well, I guess we learned our lesson."
Butt Out,Kyle,"No we didn't, dude! No we didn't! [walks off]"
Raisins,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary playground, recess or lunch. The camera pans across the playground and settles on two teams of seven players each. A football lies on the ground between the two groups. The group left of the football consists of Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny, Butters, Token, and Clyde. The second includes Craig, Tweek, Kevin, Pip, and three others"
Raisins,Stan,"All right, you guys, it's first down. I'll hike the ball on the third ""set hut!"" Kyle and Cartman, go deep post out. Kenny, run a slant down the middle. Butters, be ready for the screen."
Raisins,Cartman,Right. What are we playing again?
Raisins,Stan,Football.
Raisins,Cartman,Got it. [the teams get into position]
Raisins,Stan,"Okay. 23! [Bebe appears behind him and taps him on the shoulder] Blue, 23! Set hut! Set hut! [Bebe taps him on the shoulder again. Stan turns and looks at her]"
Raisins,Bebe,Wendy breaks up.
Raisins,Stan,What? [looks let down]
Raisins,Bebe,Wendy breaks up with you. [turns to walk away. Stan looks on for a few seconds]
Raisins,Stan,"[moves forth to hold her up] Oh whoa, wait a minute. [Bebe turns around] What did I do wrong? I haven't even talked to Wendy for weeks. [This gets the other boys' attention]"
Raisins,Bebe,She just doesn't wanna be with you anymore. She said she still wants to be friends. [the other boys turn to see what's going on]
Raisins,Cartman,"What-ever, Bebe! Like Stan really cares! Just get out of our football game, you stupid skank!"
Raisins,Bebe,"Fuck you, fatass! You guys are assholes!"
Raisins,Butters,"Oh yeah? Well, at least we have assholes, you dumb girl!"
Raisins,Cartman,"Yeh-heah, right!"
Raisins,Bebe,"God, you're so stupid! [turns around and walks away]"
Raisins,Cartman,What a whore! [turns around and goes back to the game. The other boys do the same. Stan is too stunned to move]
Raisins,Kyle,"Yeah! Like Stan gives a crap if Wendy breaks up! [The boys get back into their playing positions. A few moments Kyle looks back] Stan? [Clyde looks back, then Cartman]"
Raisins,Cartman,"[turns around] Come on, Stan, it's first down still. [Butters looks back, then Kenny. Stan loses heart and walks off slowly, his head hanging low. The other boys look at each other, unsure what to make of that. A montage begins.]"
Raisins,Scene Description,"Stan is next seen walking onto a small red stone bridge. The next scene has him walking down the middle of a two-lane road in the rain. He stops to take in the moist air. The next scene has him back on the bridge, looking over the creek with his head on his right hand. On the water he sees a reflection of Wendy walk up to him. She's smiling. He brightens as she approaches. He turns to greet her, but there's no one to greet. He looks back at the creek, then turns around and walks off. The next scene has him at a rainy night sitting on the curb in a run-down part of town, under a working street light, with his face buried in his legs, crying. The last scene has him in his room, sitting on the floor by his bed, looking at a picture of Wendy. He gently strokes the picture, which has Wendy holding a daisy and smiling broadly. On the picture are written the words ""I love you forever. Wendy."" The image fades to black"
Raisins,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. In the hallway Craig goes to a drinking fountain for a drink of water. Fosse and Dog Poo walk towards the camera. Stan is at the far end watching Wendy open her locker. Stan looks away and walks towards Kyle, who's seated next to his locker reading a book."
Raisins,Stan,"Kyle, will you talk to Wendy for me?"
Raisins,Kyle,[not looking up] Why?
Raisins,Stan,'Cause I need to know why she broke up.
Raisins,Kyle,"Aw, dude, come on. I gotta do my science homework."
Raisins,Stan,"[pleading] Dude, please. I might still have a chance to make things work. Please, just go talk to her?"
Raisins,Kyle,"[puts his book down and sighs] God damn it! [walks over to Wendy, but avoids eye contact] Wendy, Stan wants to know why you break up. [Wendy turns around]"
Raisins,Wendy,"Look, Stan is really nice. I just don't wanna be boyfriend and girlfriend anymore. I've been wanting to break up for a while. but it's, it's nothing against him."
Raisins,Kyle,"'Kay. [walks back to Stan, but avoids looking at him, as well] She says she's been wantin' to break up for a while, and it's nothing against you."
Raisins,Stan,What? That's no answer! [nudges him a bit] Go tell her to be more direct with me.
Raisins,Kyle,"[goes for his books and picks them up] No dude, I'm out. Go talk to her yourself. Be poetic. [walks off. Jimmy appears]"
Raisins,Stan,"Kyle, this is my life. [points at Jimmy] Jimmy!"
Raisins,Jimmy,Hey Stan.
Raisins,Stan,"Jimmy, will you go talk to Wendy for me?"
Raisins,Jimmy,For- Forw- Forw-w-w what?
Raisins,Stan,"Just go talk to her an, and be poetic. Tell her she's my Muse-no! Tell her, [thinks] tell her... [gestures] she's a con-tinuing source of inspiration to me."
Raisins,Jimmy,She's what?
Raisins,Stan,She's a continuing source of inspiration to me.
Raisins,Jimmy,"...Okay. [walks over to Wendy] Hey uh-Wen, hey wu-Wendy. [she turns around with her books]"
Raisins,Wendy,Yeah?
Raisins,Jimmy,"Stan says you're a cont...[pronouncing as ""cunt""] you're a- cont- S-Stan says you're a cont- cont-"
Raisins,Wendy,Well tell Stan to fuck off!! [closes her locker and runs away]
Raisins,Jimmy,"-cont- You're a cont-tinuing source of inspiration to him. [his mission done, he returns to Stan]"
Raisins,Stan,Well?
Raisins,Jimmy,"She just- w-walked away, Stan. You're gonna have to face facts. It's over. [hangs his head for emphasis, then walks off]"
Raisins,Stan,"[softly] Over? [walks away dejected. He's next seen in bed, a blanket hung across his window blocking out the outside light. He has his sheets drawn up tight against his chin. A few moments later, Kyle enters with Butters, Cartman, Jimmy and Kenny. Kyle studies his friend.] Jesus..."
Raisins,Butters,"We came over to cheer you up, Stan!"
Raisins,Stan,"[softly, creaking] ...Go away."
Raisins,Kyle,"Stan, you can't keep doing this to yourself. You have to go live."
Raisins,Stan,Why? What's the point of living when the only girl I ever loved is gone?
Raisins,Cartman,"God, what a fag!"
Raisins,Kyle,"Dude, not now! [Cartman looks down, embarrassed]"
Raisins,Stan,"You guys have no idea how this feels. It's like, you always hear songs about a broken heart and you think it's just a figure of speech? But it's true. My chest hurts. I feel this like, sinking feeling where my heart is. It's broken..."
Raisins,Kyle,"Jeez, he's worse than I thought."
Raisins,Butters,Well what do we do now?
Raisins,Jimmy,Should I try telling him a fa-fantastic joke?
Raisins,Kyle,No. We just have to show him that there's other girls out there. I say we take him to Raisins.
Raisins,Butters,What's Raisins?
Raisins,Scene Description,"Next day, Raisins, a Hooters-like restaurant with al-fresco dining. The boys enter the restaurant, and a pretty little girl in a Raisins outfit walks up. Other girls walk around, all seem to work there"
Raisins,Blonde,"Hey guys, welcome to Raisins. Six of you? [smiles and grabs some menus from the counter] Right over here. [leads the boys to their table]"
Raisins,Redhead,[waits at a table] So you guys having a good time today?
Raisins,Diners,"[Table 1, say, enthralled] Uh huh..."
Raisins,Blonde 2,"[waits at the next table] How about some more fun fries, guys?"
Raisins,Diners,"[Table 2, enthralled] Okay... [the waitress at the other end of the table smiles]"
Raisins,Brunette,"[at the same table] Boy, am I glad you guys came in. Everyone here is such a loser, but you guys seem really cool."
Raisins,Blonde,"[leaving them at their table] Here you go, guys. Lexus will be right with you."
Raisins,Kyle,"What do you think, Stan. These girls are pretty cute, huh?"
Raisins,Jimmy,"Jesus Christ, I think I've died and... gone to... heaven."
Raisins,Butters,This place is awesome!
Raisins,Cartman,How do you know? We haven't even tried the food yet.
Raisins,Lexus,[with flyaway light brown hair] Hey guys.
Raisins,Butters,Whoa!
Raisins,Lexus,How are we doing this afternoon?
Raisins,The boys,Good.
Raisins,Lexus,"I'm so glad you guys came in. Everyone here is such a loser, but you guys seem really cool."
Raisins,Butters,[amazed] W-we are.
Raisins,Lexus,So what can I get you?
Raisins,Cartman,"Okay, um, we're gonna get the zingy tangy wings, and mozzarella tasty tarts [Lexus winks at Butters] and uh, OH, and the bite-size pizzazzas, and a pitcher of lemonade."
Raisins,Lexus,"Great. I'll put your order in right now. [strokes Butters' shoulders, which sends shivers of excitement through his body]"
Raisins,Butters,"You guys! I think our Raisins girl likes me. She, she touched my back when she walked away. Did you see that?"
Raisins,Lexus,"[near the kitchen] Raisins, girls! [sends an order along a conveyor to the kitchen staff]"
Raisins,Blonde 3,Woohoo!
Raisins,Redhead,Oh Yeah!
Raisins,Brunette 2,[farther away] Do it!
Raisins,Kyle,"Hey. Hey, look over there, Stan. That Raisins girl is really cute, huh? [a Raisins girl walks by with long black hair] Why don't you say hi to her? [calls out] Excuse me? [motions for her to come over]"
Raisins,Brunette 3,[walks back and to the table] Hi guys. My name's Porsche.
Raisins,Kyle,"Hey. Uh, this is Stan."
Raisins,Porsche,"Oh hey cutie. How are you? I love your hat. I used to have a hat juuust like that, except, it was black and it didn't have a puffball on it. Oh my God, my hands are sooo cold. How come people have hands, anyway? Did you ever wonder that? [Stan looks more and more miserable with every word coming out of her mouth.]"
Raisins,Scene Description,"Some time later, still dining. The Village People's ""YMCA"" begins to play, and some Raisins girls begin to dance"
Raisins,Raisins girls,YMCA... [they make the hand signs for the letters. The rest of the diners look over at them and cheer them on] YMCA-A.
Raisins,Cartman,"[really stuffed, with a soiled face] Omigod! You guys... this is the greatest place in the world... [their meals have been served]"
Raisins,Porsche,"[still regaling Stan, who hasn't touched his food] Have you ever noticed how much sand there is at the beach? I mean, haven't you ever wondered where all this sand came from? Omigod, this one time, I saw a beetle that was thiiis big. Eeewww!"
Raisins,Stan,"Can we go, please?"
Raisins,Kyle,"Okay. Okay, come on you guys. [they all hop off their seats and walk off]"
Raisins,Porsche,"Oooh my God, thank you guys sooo much for coming to Raisins! [Butters is last to leave]"
Raisins,Lexus,"[sees him and stalls him] Oooh, sweetie, are you leaving?"
Raisins,Butters,"Well, I don't want to, Lexus, but my stupid friends wanna go."
Raisins,Lexus,"Awww, well, when am I gonna get to see you again??"
Raisins,Butters,When do you wanna see me?
Raisins,Lexus,[holds on to him] As soon as possible!
Raisins,Butters,"Oh my God! Here, we left you a tip already, but here is another five dollars. [hands her the bill]"
Raisins,Lexus,"Oooh, you are such a sweetie. Come here, youuu! [comes around and gives him a full embrace and hugs him]"
Raisins,Butters,[hugs her back] Waa... ahaaah... [the other boys arrive at the entrance]
Raisins,Raisins girl,"Bye, guys! Thanks for coming to Raisins!"
Raisins,Jimmy,"Well, Stan. Do you feel, uhb- better now?"
Raisins,Stan,"No, dude, I feel worse!"
Raisins,Kyle,"Look, we're just trying to show you there's other girls out there."
Raisins,Stan,"Dude, I don't have time to start over with other girls. I'm nine years old, dude! If I don't work things out with Wendy, I could be alone my whole life!"
Raisins,Butters,[catches up to the other boys] She wants to see me again! My Raisins girl said she wants to see me again!
Raisins,Stan,I can't let Wendy go. This whole time I've been having my friends do all the talking for me. It's time I took control! [turns and opens one of the doors]
Raisins,Kyle,What are you doing?
Raisins,Stan,Something I should have done a long time ago. [walks out the door and into the night]
Raisins,Scene Description,"Bebe's house, night. Stan walks towards the front door, looks around, and knocks three times. No response, so he knocks again. The door opens and Bebe appears"
Raisins,Stan,"Bebe, you need to go talk to Wendy for me right now! [Bebe rolls her eyes and sighs] All this time I've been trying to have my friends do all the talking for me! Now I realize I need her friends to do it! Tell her I love her!"
Raisins,Bebe,"Stan, why don't you show her you love her? If you really want Wendy back, try doing the most romantic thing you can think of."
Raisins,Stan,"[thinks] Okay, so what's the most romantic thing I can think of?"
Raisins,Bebe,"If you really want a shot at getting her back, stand outside her window, hold a boombox over your head, and play [closes her eyes] Peter Gabriel."
Raisins,Scene Description,"Wendy's house, night. Stan stands on the lawn with a boombox, looking up at Wendy's window. He presses the play button and holds up the boombox. Peter Gabriel's ""Shock the Monkey"" plays from somewhere in the middle. Wendy appears at the window and looks down, her jaw dropping. Stan holds the boombox higher, keeping Wendy's gaze on him. Wendy covers her mouth as Token appears next to her at the window. Stan's jaw drops. Wendy leaves the window. Token unleashes the curtain ties, and the curtains close upon the window"
Raisins,Scene Description,"Raisins, night, outside. The outside lights turn off. Butters waits outside on the curb with a present. The front door opens and Lexus appears. Butters rises to greet her"
Raisins,Lexus,"Okay, Porsche, see you tomorrow. Bye, Mercedes."
Raisins,Butters,[approaches] Lexus! [she takes a few steps back]
Raisins,Lexus,"Oh. Oh, hi, sweetie."
Raisins,Butters,I waited all night for you to get off work.
Raisins,Lexus,"Oh, really? [takes a few more steps back] Huhunh, that's great. Uhm, Maury..."
Raisins,Butters,I I just could- I just couldn't stop thinking about you.
Raisins,Maury,[a huge bouncer] There a problem?
Raisins,Lexus,Could you uh just help walk me to my- bike?
Raisins,Maury,Right. [steps up behind her and shoves Butters aside. He keeps his arm in place so Butters doesn't get any closer to Lexus]
Raisins,Lexus,"[to Butters] Thanks again for the big tip. You are such a sweetie. Come back and see me real soon, okay? [moves forward, with Maury close behind]"
Raisins,Butters,"Oh wait, Lexus. Jeheez, I almost forgot. Ah I got you this present."
Raisins,Lexus,"[stops and grabs it] Oh wow. Thanks, cutie."
Raisins,Butters,"It's a little stuffed bear dressed as a rabbit. [tries to get closer, but Maury holds him back]"
Raisins,Lexus,"Gosh, that's the nicest gift I've gotten all night. Thank you. [reaches her bike] Well I gotta go, honey. Be sure to come back to Raisins and see me again, okaaay? [unlocks her bike from its post]"
Raisins,Butters,"[tries to get closer, but Maury him back] Well yeah, but, but, hey, [tries to get closer, but Maury him back] hey Lexus? Well I was thinking, well, I was thinking that we should- go do something sometime."
Raisins,Lexus,"Oh gee, that would be great, honey, but I'm reeeally busy this week. Tell you what: you come back to Raisins and then we'll be able to hang out all we want, okay? [Maury helps her on to her bike]"
Raisins,Butters,O-kay!
Raisins,Lexus,"Bye, cutie!"
Raisins,Butters,"Bye, bye darling! [Maury turns and goes back to the restaurant. Butters holds his hands over his heart] Wow... a real-life relationship."
Raisins,Scene Description,"[South Park Elementary, day. All the boys are in various stages of dress. Most of them are in their P.E. uniforms.]"
Raisins,Mr. Garrison,"[sternly] All right, kids! Out on the gym floor for P.E. class. [the boys break up and head to their lockers. Stan remains on a bench on his back, alone, with just a towel and his hat on]"
Raisins,Kyle,"[returns] Come on, Stan. We're gonna play dodgeball."
Raisins,Stan,[with emotion in his voice] I can't believe it. She's in love with somebody else.
Raisins,Kyle,"Dude, you need to snap out of this! So Wendy left you for Token. What are you gonna do? Just be miserable your whole life?"
Raisins,Stan,There's nothing else I can do. She was my whole life.
Raisins,Kyle,"Aw, come on, dude! All you've done for the last four days is mope around! You might as well hang out with those Goth kids who dress in black and talk about pain all the time!"
Raisins,Stan,Maybe I should. At least they will understand me. Maybe I should hang with the Goth kids.
Raisins,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, loading bay. Stan finds the goth kids."
Raisins,Pete,"[with black puffy, feathery hair, streaked in red] Life is pain. Life is only pain. [his hair falls over his right eye, he jerks his head back to put it back in place] We're all taught to believe in happy fairytale endings. [his hair falls over his eye, he jerks his head back] But there's only blackness. Dark, depressing loneliness that [his hair falls over his eye, he jerks his head back] eats at your soul."
Raisins,Michael,"[dressed in something like a tuxedo, sporting a curly pompadour] Who needs that kind of Barbie love, anyway? Everyone's just walking around like a bunch of conformists. Go ahead and wear your business suits so you can make thirty-four thousand dollars a year to buy your condominium. They're all zombies racing to their graves. Love didn't work for my mom and dad. Why should it work for me?"
Raisins,Henrietta,My dad is such an asshole. Drunken bastard doesn't even know I exist. But then he won't let me go to the Skinny Puppy concert because my heroine-addict aunt is coming over for dinner. [takes a puff] Dinner? That's a laugh. Just an excuse for my mom to bitch at me for not wearing girly clothes like all the Britney Spears wannabes at this school.
Raisins,Firkle,They're all a bunch of Nazi conformists cheerleaders. [Stan looks stunned at the age of this youngest of Goths]
Raisins,Stan,"But if life is only pain, then... what's the point of living?"
Raisins,Pete,"Just to make life more miserable for the conformists. [his hair falls over his eye, he jerks his head back]"
Raisins,Stan,"All right, so how do I join you?"
Raisins,Michael,"If you wanna be one of the non-conformists, all you have to do is dress just like us and listen to the same music we do."
Raisins,Stan,...'K.
Raisins,Scene Description,"Raisins, day. Raisins is preparing for a new day of food and fun. Mercedes escorts a new employee around"
Raisins,Mercedes,"Okay, I know it's your first day, Ferrari, so I wanna go over the basics with you."
Raisins,Ferrari,Okay.
Raisins,Mercedes,"First of all, there's a five foot rule. If you come within five feet of a customer, you need to acknowledge them, even if they're not at your table. ""Hey, cutie."" [waves and winks] When you're not serving food or talking with customers, you need to dance around and have fun. [they stop by a wooden bucket] We use things like Hula Hoops, silly strings, and water guns to play with the other girls. Be sure to giggle a lot, and be sure to show off your raisins. [they leave the bucket] Now, when you take a customer's order, you need to sit down at the table with them and make them think you're interested. Write your name down for them and make them feel special. ""Oh man, I am so bored. Thank God you guys came in."" If you want good tips, the most important thing is physical contact. Just a simple hold of the arm can mean the difference between five and twenty dollars. ""I'll be right back with your order, guys."" [holds Ferrari's shoulder]"
Raisins,Ferrari,"Wow, thank you so much, Mercedes."
Raisins,Mercedes,"Okay. Well, I guess we're ready to open for business. Good luck. [Ferrari walks off] Go ahead and open for business, Porsche!"
Raisins,Porsche,"Okay! [opens the doors and Butters bolts in, quite excitedly]"
Raisins,Raisins girl,"Hi, welcome to Raisins!"
Raisins,Butters,Hi! Is Lexus here?
Raisins,Lexus,"Hey, cutie."
Raisins,Butters,Darling!
Raisins,Lexus,[hugs him] How are we doing today?
Raisins,Butters,[hugs back] Oh God. I missed you so much.
Raisins,Scene Description,"Henrietta's room. It's quite the room, with posters for Skippy Puppy and the Nothing Matters tour, a Blauhaus poster, candles all around, a mace on the floor, cigarettes next to a book, an ornate candelabrum and chair, and a darkened atmosphere."
Raisins,Henrietta,"[Reciting her poem] Shallow life. Drowning alone, I gasp for air. Coldness creeps over pale skin. There is sadness so deep it pulls me down Happiness dies in a deep, dark sea."
Raisins,Pete,"Yeah, happiness dies. [his hair falls over his eye, he jerks his head back]"
Raisins,Stan,"[dressed all in black, with a black hat with puffball] Yeah."
Raisins,Michael,"All right, your turn, Stan. Read one of your poems about pain."
Raisins,Stan,"[takes up his paper and reads his poem] There is darkness all around me Deep, piercing black, I cannot breathe My heart has been raped."
Raisins,Henrietta,Whoa.
Raisins,Stan,"[continues] The pain is everlasting. I miss you so much, babe. Want to hold you in my arms again, girl. Want to-"
Raisins,Pete,"Whoa, whoa! Dude! Those last two lines aren't Goth!"
Raisins,Stan,They're not?
Raisins,Michael,"No, dude! You can't say ""I miss you so much, babe. I want to hold you in my arms."""
Raisins,Henrietta,"Make it ""I miss seeing you so much I wanna slash my eyes out with razor blades."""
Raisins,Henrietta's mom,"[the bedroom door opens and a blindingly invasive amount of light comes in, she looks inside] Henrietta! Hi sweetie!"
Raisins,Henrietta,Go away Mom! Leave me alone!
Raisins,Henrietta's mom,Daddy and I just got your birthday present! But you can't see what it is till tomorrow!
Raisins,Henrietta,"You'd like to wait till I was dead, wouldn't you? You'd like to see maggots eat my face."
Raisins,Henrietta's mom,"Ee-you are so creative, honey."
Raisins,Henrietta,Conformist bitch.
Raisins,Other Goths,Yeah.
Raisins,Scene Description,"Raisins, day. Two of the Raisins girls are entertaining the child customers, who respond enthusiastically. The phone rings and Porsche arrives to answer it."
Raisins,Porsche,Thanks for calling Raisins. This is Porsche. Have you tried our Double Whammy Wings?
Raisins,Butters,"[seated on his bed in his room. A picture of Lexus is taped to his wall next to the window. The action switches back and forth] Hi. Is Lexus there, please? This is her boyfriend. [Lexus happens to walk by, and Porsche hands her the phone.]"
Raisins,Lexus,Thanks for calling Raisins. This is Lexus.
Raisins,Butters,Hey Lexus.
Raisins,Lexus,"Hi, sweetie! Who's this?"
Raisins,Butters,"Wuh it's me, Butters."
Raisins,Lexus,"Oh, okay. Hi, cutie. [keeps an eye out for passing customers. Three boys walk by and she covers the phone's receiver] Hey sweetie. [lifts her hand from the receiver] So how are you, honey?"
Raisins,Butters,"I'm fine. I miss you though. [lays on his back, getting comfortable] Yeah, school was pretty tough today. We had two quizzes, and one of them was a pop quiz. [shot of Lexus pouring lemonade into a pitcher] Sometimes I think our classes are too hard. [back to Butters' room] But I thought about you all day long. I promise. So how is your day going?"
Raisins,Lexus,"Good, good."
Raisins,Butters,"Hey, hey sweetie, I was thinking tonight you could come over and we could watch The Exorcist on DVD."
Raisins,Lexus,"Oh, gee, I don't know, cutie. [another Raisins girl comes with glasses to refill, Lexus ] Why don't you just come down to Raisins?"
Raisins,Butters,"Oh well, uh I kinda don't have any money left. Unh, I spent it all on Raisins the last six times."
Raisins,Lexus,"[waving to customers] Awww, that's too bad, cutie. I really wanna see you."
Raisins,Butters,"Oh, I really wanna see you too, baby. Eh don't, don't worry. I'll get more money"
Raisins,Lexus,[walks to the phone's base to end the conversation] 'K sugar. Gotta run.
Raisins,Butters,"Uh-okay. Uh, hey, Lexus, well, there's something I've been meaning to say. [Lexus has hung up and is walking away with her pitcher] Here it goes: Lexus, I- Oh jeeze, maybe I shouldn't say it- no wait, I want to say it. I love you. [hangs up quickly and nervously] Heeheee, heh, Oh my God."
Raisins,Scene Description,"Butters' house, living room. Butters arrives there moments later and faces the couch"
Raisins,Butters,"Dad, I need an advance on my allowance again."
Raisins,Stephen,O-hoo no Butters! You got an advance two days ago. [Linda is dusting off the family portrait by the front door.]
Raisins,Butters,Uh but I spent it all.
Raisins,Linda,"What are you spending all that money on, Butters?"
Raisins,Butters,On my girlfriend.
Raisins,Stephen,[he and Linda are surprised] Girlfriend?
Raisins,Linda,"You... have a girlfriend, Butters?"
Raisins,Butters,"[bashfully, puts his hands behind his back] Yeah."
Raisins,Chris,"And she's... a... girl, right?"
Raisins,Butters,Yup!
Raisins,Chris,"Well all right! Good for you, Butters!"
Raisins,Linda,"Oh, that is so cute. When do we get to meet her?"
Raisins,Butters,"Well, I was hopin' to go see her right now. You can come alone. [holds a cautionary finger] But don't embarrass me or nothin'. [lowers it] I'm sure she'll be real nervous to impress you."
Raisins,Stephen,"Don't worry, Butters. We just wanna say hi and then we'll leave you two alone."
Raisins,Butters,Okay. [walks off]
Raisins,Stephen,[holds out his hand] You see? I told you he wouldn't turn out gay.
Raisins,Linda,"[hands him a bill] All right, you win."
Raisins,Scene Description,"Benny's, night. ""We're always open."" The Goth kids are seated at a booth drinking coffee. A middle-aged waitress walks by with a pot of coffee"
Raisins,Michael,"Hey, can we get more coffee over here?"
Raisins,Waitress,"Damn it, are you kids just gonna sit here all night again and drink six dollars' work of coffee?! Why don't you get a life?! [walks away]"
Raisins,Michael,"[bitterly] Conformist. Have fun in your rat-race life, living paycheck to paycheck for corporate gains."
Raisins,Other Goths,Yeah.
Raisins,Pete,"[to Stan] Dude, you haven't drank your coffee. [his hair falls over his face, he jerks his head back]"
Raisins,Stan,Well I don't drink coffee.
Raisins,Pete,You can't be a non-conformist if you don't drink coffee. [Stan picks up his mug and drinks. Kyle enters the restaurant and approaches Stan's booth]
Raisins,Kyle,"Oh Jesus Christ, I had to see it to believe it! What the hell are you doing?!"
Raisins,Stan,[sips some coffee] Breathing deep in darkness that envelops my soul. [sips some coffee. Pete jerks his hair back into place]
Raisins,Kyle,"God-damnit dude, your mom and dad want you to come home!"
Raisins,Stan,So they can fill my head with more Disney lies about how perfect the world is? I don't think so.
Raisins,Pete,"Yeah. Why don't you just go back to your Justin Timberlake and your homework, you conformist asshole? [jerks his hair back into place] You just don't know what real pain is."
Raisins,Kyle,"Oh, like you know what pain is! Go try living in a Third-World country, you little pussy!"
Raisins,Pete,I'm not gonna live in a Third-World country with all the conformists.
Raisins,Kyle,"Stan, this is it. Time to stop feeling sorry for yourself and come home! Everyone cares about you and everyone wants you back!"
Raisins,Stan,What about Wendy? Isn't she still with Token?
Raisins,Kyle,Yeah. She is.
Raisins,Stan,Then people shouldn't care about me-ehhh. Because I don't care about them. What's the point of caring if all it brings is pain?
Raisins,Henrietta,For sure.
Raisins,Kyle,"[walks away, defeated] Fine. That's it. I give up. Have fun being miserable."
Raisins,Stan,[sips some coffee] ...conformist.
Raisins,Other Goths,Yeah.
Raisins,Scene Description,"Raisins, night. Butters and his parents arrive."
Raisins,Butters,"Here we are, Mom and Dad! [they enter, but his parents are immediately troubled by the setting]"
Raisins,Mercedes,"Hi, welcome to Raisins. Three of you?"
Raisins,Butters,"Hi, Mercedes. It's me, Lexus's boyfriend. I brought my parents over to meet her."
Raisins,Mercedes,Great. [gets some menus] Be sure to try our Cheddar Poppers. Right this way. [leads them to a table]
Raisins,Raisins girl,Who else wants a signed Raisins Girls calendar for five dollars? [the table she approaches cheers]
Raisins,Diners,"Woohoo, all right, yeah! [the Stotches look around, amazed]"
Raisins,Linda,"Stephen, what is this place?"
Raisins,Stephen,"I, don't know."
Raisins,Mercedes,[stops at a table] Here you go. Porsche will by right with you. [walks off]
Raisins,Butters,"Go ahead and have a seat, guys. Ah I've gotta go and find Lexus! [runs off. Stephen and Linda take their seats]"
Raisins,Raisins girl,"[blonde, to a boy at a table nearby] Hey cutie, you having a good time?"
Raisins,Boy,Yeah.
Raisins,Stephen,"Oh boy, I think I know what's happened. Our son hasn't learned yet that girls will pretend to like him for money."
Raisins,Linda,[holds her hands together] This place is horrible. To objectify girls like this.
Raisins,Porsche,[arrives] Hi guys. Can I take your order?
Raisins,Linda,"Little girl, you shouldn't be working here."
Raisins,Porsche,I shouldn't? Where I supposed to be working?
Raisins,Linda,"No, I mean you shouldn't work somewhere where you're paid for how you look. You should be learning a skill so you can grow up to be a businesswoman or even a doctor. Who knows? You could cure cancer."
Raisins,Porsche,I could cure cancer? Oh-my-god! That would be sooo cool! I had a cancer sore on my lip once and it hurt sooo bad.
Raisins,Linda,"... Oh. Never mind, I think Raisins might be the perfect place for you."
Raisins,Porsche,"Cool! [grins and hops off the stool, then carries it off. Butters arrives with Lexus, who carries a plate of chips]"
Raisins,Butters,Mom? Dad? This is Lexus.
Raisins,Lexus,Hi. Welcome to Raisins.
Raisins,Stephen,"Uh, Butters, can we have a little talk with you? Outside?"
Raisins,Butters,Huh? Oh anything you have to say to me [holds on to Lexus] you can say in front of Lexus.
Raisins,Linda,"Butters, these girls pretend to be interested in you because they know you'll give them tips."
Raisins,Butters,Huh?
Raisins,Stephen,"You see, Butters, women know that they can make men do anything by flirting. And some girls, like these, turn that into a profession."
Raisins,Butters,"Oh, I see. [gets angry] You don't approve of my girlfriend! [Lexus looks off and smiles at somebody] Well let me tell you somethin', Mom and Dad, our love is as pure as a mountain spring! The odds may be stacked against us, but we're gonna give it our best shot! And so, if you can't be happy for us, y-you can just go to heck, Mom and Dad! [walks away from the table with Lexus] Come on, Lexus. I'm movin' out of my parents' house and I'm movin' in with you. Uh let's blow this joint!"
Raisins,Lexus,"What are you talking about, kid? We are NOT boyfriend and girlfriend."
Raisins,Butters,"... What? Lexus, what are you saying? Are you saying... you don't want to be together anymore?"
Raisins,Lexus,"I'm sorry, sweetie. Yes."
Raisins,Butters,So that's it? We're broken up now?
Raisins,Lexus,"I gotta go, i gotta get these curly fries to Table 12. [walks off]"
Raisins,Butters,Well go ahead and go. It's best we don't say anything more. There's nothing left to say. It's over. [walks off dejected] Our relationship is o-over.
Raisins,Scene Description,"Stan did, at the curb under a working street light. Some shadows move in on him and stop when they cover most of his head"
Raisins,Michael,Look at that. Another tortured soul.
