Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Because when I grow up, I wanna be something that I know I can never be, Stan!"
Poor and Stupid,Stan,"[faces Cartman] Cartman, tell us."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[sniffs] No... I wanna be a NASCAR driver, okay? When I see the... car races on TV, those... loud engines and peeling wheels, it's soo cool! [cries some more]"
Poor and Stupid,Stan,"Well Cartman, if you wanna drive NASCAR when you grow up, you can."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[cynically, walks off a bit] Oh right. Someone like me can be a NASCAR driver. [turns around and faces the boys] Look at me! [gestures to himself] Do you really think someone like this can ever become an awesome, famous NASCAR driver? [turns away]"
Poor and Stupid,Kyle,"Aww. Cartman, you can change things about yourself."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,No I can't; I'll always be like this. [wipes tears away]
Poor and Stupid,Stan,"Dude, noo, you- you don't know that."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Come on you guys, I have to face facts. NASCAR is only for poor and stupid people. I don't have what it takes! [cries some more]"
Poor and Stupid,Kyle,[reassessing his assumption] What?!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"I'm not poor and stupid enough to do NASCAR, and I never will be!"
Poor and Stupid,Stan,"Dude, I don't think just poor and stupid people like NASCAR!"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Oh really? Hey, hey Kenny!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[looks up from his locker] (What?)
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,You love NASCAR huh?
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"[showing the posters inside his locker] (Yeah dude, I looove NASCAR.)"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"You see I told you guys! [turns and walks to his locker] What's the use? It just, it's hopeless! [puts his arm on the locker and rests his head on his arm]"
Poor and Stupid,Kyle,"Cartman, you are poor and you are stupid!"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[lifts his head up] I know you're trying to make me feel better, Kyle, but a rich smart kid has no place on a racetrack. [goes back to crying]"
Poor and Stupid,Stan,"Dude, you are so retarded!"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Thanks, Stan, but even if I was I'd still be too rich."
Poor and Stupid,Kyle,How are you rich?! Your mom pays for everything!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[stops crying and brightens up] You guys really think I could do this, don't you? You really believe in me. [smiles]"
Poor and Stupid,Kyle,"I believe that you're a broke, ignorant idiot!"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Then maybe I can make myself believe it too. [getting confident] Thanks you guys. I'm gonna go chase a dream. [Stan and Kyle just look at each other.]
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Butters' house, some time later. Cartman walks up to the front door and knocks. A smiling Butters walks up to the door and opens it"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Butters.
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Hey Eric.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Butters, the guys have been talkin' to me and well, they've got me pretty pumped up. [pumps both fists] I'm psyched, Butters. I'm about to do somethin' big and [pumps both fists] I'm psyched!"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Ahhh well oh-[pumps his right fist] kay.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,But [points his right index finger at him] I'm gonna need your help. [points both index fingers at him] Can you get psyched?? Are you gonna get [pumps both fists twice] psyched up??
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Eeyeah, I'm psyched."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Get really psyched up, Butters!"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,[starts pacing back and forth with energy] I'm really psyched! Yeah! Yeah let's do this alright?! I'm pumped I'm psyched! Alright. Yeah.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"I'm gonna become a NASCAR driver, Butters. I'm goin' for the gold!"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,NASCA- NASCAR?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"I know, I'm not poor an' stupid enough. But I change that, Butters, [reaches to his left and pulls into view a water jug full of small change] Here, I want you to take all my money. Every bit of it, Butters. Fifty-eight dollars and thirty-two cents."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,You're givin' away all your money??
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[points] Just get rid of it Butters! Don't tell me where you spend it and don't ever let me have it back. [lowers his finger] From this moment on, I am poor. Like Kenny."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,You sure you want to do this?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[points] I told you I'm serious, Butters. [lowers his finger] This is my shot. I'm gonna get as poor an' stupid as I possibly can."
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"The South Park Mall, evening. A NASCAR display is at the center of the mall, with car and a box of calendars, and a spokesman"
Poor and Stupid,Spokesman,"Alright folks, we wanna thank you all for comin' out an' supporting NASCAR."
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[takes a 2011 calendar] (Yeah! How cool!)
Poor and Stupid,Spokesman,Now who's ready for Saturday's big race? [the crowd cheers]
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Poor and Stupid,Spokesman,We're really excited to be part of the fastest-growing sport in America! [the crowd cheers]
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Poor and Stupid,Spokesman,"I don't know about you, but I'm thrilled to watch NASCAR finally becoming recognized as a respected, legitimate sport. [the crowd cheers]"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,(Yeah! Yeeaahh!)
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"[appears, hauling a cart] Hello! 'Scuse me! [the crowd quiets down and looks] I know that you NASCAR people don't have very much. So I went out and bought you all [shows off his haul] fifty-eight dollars worth of canned food and blankets! You're welcome! [turns around and skips away grinning] Heh! I helped the needy! [Kenny watches him leave]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night, Cartman is on the sofa watching TV upside down. He strapped himself down so he doesn't slip off the sofa. His face is turning red from the blood pooling up under his skin"
Poor and Stupid,Man 1,"[voice-over] Boy I tell you what, it is raining cats and dogs outside. Mostly cats. [laughter] I just wish I had brought an umbrella."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Hey Eric.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Ahh Butters. Did you give away all my money?
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Yep. You don't have a penny left. [points] You're poor as shit. [looks him over] How come you're hangin' upside down?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"I need to get stupid, Butters. I'm getting all the blood to rush to my head and watchin' a marathon of Two and a Half Men."
Poor and Stupid,Charlie,Hey- that's a hot girl over there. [giggles]
Poor and Stupid,Jake,Sure she's hot. She's wearing a sweater. [giggles. The studio audience giggles and applauds]
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Feel stupid yet?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Not yet.
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,Commercial - Vagisil
Poor and Stupid,Woman 1,"When a woman isn't feeling her freshest, she turns to Vagisil-"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Aw Goddammit, another Vagisil commercial?!"
Poor and Stupid,Woman 1,"To stop feminine itching, and relieve vaginal odors."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Fucking gross!
Poor and Stupid,Butters,All those ladies have stinky vaginas?
Poor and Stupid,Woman 1,"If you develop an allergic reaction, see your doctor. In some cases Vagisil can lead to short-term memory loss."
Poor and Stupid,Woman 2,"For the freshest, cleanest feminine area, do what women do."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[quickly rights himself and stands up] Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! Did you hear that?! [clicks on the remote control to reverse it, then plays and echoes the commercial] ""In some cases Vagisil can lead to short-term memory loss."" [clicks the remote to pause the playback] Oh my God, Butters... [makes a fist with his left hand] we need Vagisil!"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,A supermarket. Cartman and Butters are in the feminine hygiene section
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"""Vagisil, Vagisil Maximum Strength, Vagisil Wash, Vagisil Medicated Wipes."""
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Gee-whiz, there's Vagi-everythings."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Which one do I use to kill brain cells? Well, just buy me one of each of 'em, Butters."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Wuh- uh I'm buyin'?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,I'm totally poor Butters. Did you forget?
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"But but I uh, I uh, I didn't bring any money, I didn't know I had to buy Vagisil."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Goddammit Butters! Alright just... just keep a lookout, I'll try it here. [positions him] Look that way, make sure the cashier doesn't see me. [As Butters keeps a look out, Cartman opens a tube of Vagisil anti-itch cream and begins to swallow it. Then he takes a bottle of wash and chugs that down, following that up with two more tubes, then more products] Is anybody coming?"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"No, you're good. [behind them a woman and her daughter walk by and stop to look. Cartman chugs down another bottle of feminine wash]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Mm, 'kay, Mm. [throws the bottle away] N-oh, ew, okay, now it's... [grabs a tube of maximum strength anti-itch cream]"
Poor and Stupid,Woman 3,"Little boy, what are you doing? [Cartman looks over his shoulder, then turns around to look at her. Butters notices and does the same. A few seconds later, Cartman turns away]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Oh my God! Butters! [taps Butters' shoulder and Butters turns around] I feel kind of stupid!
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Really?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Yes, YES! I'm feeling totally stupid right now."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,That was fast.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Grab what you can and let's get out of here. I'm ready!
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,Race day at Colorado National Speedway. The NASCAR drivers are lined up in two columns awaiting the start of the race.
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,We're just seconds away from the start of the Denver 300. [Dale Evans is shown in his car]
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Excuse me. Mr. Evans, sir? [Dale looks over to his left. Butters is in the pit stop] Your uh, your wife is on the phone and- uh, well- she just got raped."
Poor and Stupid,Dale,What?
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Yeah, she got, she got raped a lot and uhhh- and you gotta go talk to her."
Poor and Stupid,Dale,"Oh my God! [gets out of his car, throws down his helmet, and goes to the pit area]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[walks towards the car] Sweet. Nice work, Butters. Now go be my spotter so we can win this thing! [puts on the helmet and climbs into the car]"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"[now on the walkie-talkie] Eric, are you sure you can do this?"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[Swallows another tube of Vagisil] Don't worry, Butters, I'm totally poor and stupid. I'm ready for NASCAR."
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,Let the race begin!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Let's go NASCAR! [the other drivers zoom past him. He steers the wheel, but realizes] I'm not moving, Butters."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,I think you gotta press the gas pedal.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,What's that?
Poor and Stupid,Butters,There's like a long pedal on the floor by your right foot.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Oh okay. [leans down to press it. He burns rubber and takes off, as ""La Grange"" by ZZ Top plays] Let's go NASCAR! [he immediately crashes into the wall and tries to power out of it. Suddenly, he turns left and goes back the other way]"
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,It looks like the Dale Evans car is going the wrong way!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Kewl, NASCAR! Sweet! [the other drivers round the corner and avoid him. Car #78 crashes through the wall and plows up the bleachers. Cartman tries to turn around but goes up into the air and into the pit area. Everyone there gets out of the way. He hits a low wall and goes up into the air again...]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[abash] Oh, fuck my ass! [he lands in a lake by the Winners Circle.]"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,[on the walkie-talkie and mortified] Eric?
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"A hospital recovery room, night. Cartman is laid up in bed, and Butters is keeping him company. Cartman's right leg is in a cast and up in a sling"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,All that work... All the effort I put in... I still wasn't poor and stupid enough to win.
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Eric, uh you were as poor and stupid as you could be."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,[looks away] Don't you get it Butters?! It's never gonna happen for me! Those people are way more poor and stupid than I'll ever be. I might as well kill myself.
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Eric! Don't ever talk like that!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,I've given away all my money! Drank enough Vagisil to kill every brain cell I have! But it still wasn't enough.
Poor and Stupid,Doctor,"[enters the room] Alright Eric, we got the X-rays back."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"How bad is it, doctor?"
Poor and Stupid,Doctor,"He has two fractured ribs, a broken femur, torn ligaments in both knees, and a level 2 concussion. He also appears to be developing three small vaginas in his stomach, but they are all sparkling clean."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Well at least there's that.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Just pull the plug on me, doctor. I don't wanna live like this."
Poor and Stupid,Doctor,You aren't on life-support. Pulling a plug wouldn't do anything.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Aw donkey balls...
Poor and Stupid,Doctor,"You're lucky to be alive, young man. Sneaking onto a NASCAR racetrack and hijacking a car for a joyride? That has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever heard of a kid doing! [walks away]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Thanks, doc, but you aren't gonna make me feel any better."
Poor and Stupid,Doctor,"[turns around] No, really. Of all the idiotic dumb ways I've seen kids injure themselves, yours takes the retard cake! [walks out of the room]"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Did you hear that, Eric? See? You are really stupid."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Could it be I... only lost the race because I somehow wasn't poor enough?
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"It has to be, Eric. [Cartman moves his right leg out of the sling and gets out of bed.] Eric, where are you going?"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Get me my coat, Butters. We're gonna try this thing again. [Butters brightens up]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, day. Kenny is reading a NASCAR magazine on the sofa"
Poor and Stupid,FOX 11 anchor,"You're watching Colorado FOX 11. Next on FOX 11 News, are NASCAR fans stupid? [Kenny looks up] Some people are starting to wonder after a NASCAR fan apparently got high on Vagisil and snuck onto the track, killing eleven people."
Poor and Stupid,Reporter,"Tom, the NASCAR fan got into a car here on Sunday and crashed in the lake behind me. He was later found to have ingested this [holds up a tube] Maximum Strength Vagisil. And also Vagisil medicated wipes. Making NASCAR fans look ...pretty stupid, Tom."
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[closes his magazine and throws it on the sofa in a blind rage] (No! NASCAR fans aren't stupid! Cartman is!)
Poor and Stupid,Reporter,"The NASCAR fan vows he will try to do it again, but that this time, he'll win."
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"(Oh that fucking asshole!) [gets off the couch and walks out the front door, vexed] (Oh that fucking asshole, I'm gonna talk to him...)"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. A vile Kenny walks over to Cartman's house, goes up the steps, and he furiously pounds and kicks at the front door until Cartman answers it"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Oh hey, Kenny! [Kenny is not happy and his arms are crossed]"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"[furious] (Dude, what the fuck are you doing?!)"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Come in dude, I wanna show you what I've been workin' on. [Kenny follows him in. Cartman shows him all the stuff he purchased - a jet ski, a Room-bot, a 7.1 speaker system, a plasma TV, an LCD monitor, a VHS/DVD combo player] Check it out. I thought I could just give all my money away and be as poor as your family, but then I realized: what do poor people do? Buy things even though they don't have money by going out and purchasing things that are 0% down and no payments for two years! That's how you people stay poor forever! Am I right? That's it, right? [Kenny is still pissed off]"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"(Dude, fuck you!)"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Kenny, I'm just trying to get good at NASCAR."
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,(Being poor has nothing to do with NASCAR!)
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[annoyed] Hey, I love NASCAR just as much as you do!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"[apoplectically] (NO, YOU FUCKING DON'T!!)"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Oh it's sooo easy for you, isn't it, Kenny?! I've had to become poor all on my own, you know?! I wasn't born with a plastic spoon in my mouth!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[thinks for a moment] (WHAT?!)
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"I've had to go buy stuff with 0% down and no payments for two years my-self! I didn't have parents to do it for me like you do! [Kenny raises his fists up, but Cartman hugs him with one arm] Look Keh- Kenny, Kenny. We shouldn't be fighting. We both love NASCAR and we're both poor as shit."
Poor and Stupid,Man,"[appears at the front door] Uh, excuse me. [Cartman sees him and walks to the door] Eric Cartman?"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,Yeah?
Poor and Stupid,Man,My name is Geoff Hamill. I'm the founder and CEO of Vagisil.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,...Uh oh.
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,"Young man, your NASCAR stunt has brought a lot of attention to Vagisil and honestly, I don't know how to thank you. Our sales are up and women are finally realizing that their feminine odor can be treated. I first created Vagisil for my wife, Patty. [steps aside to reveal Patty standing halfway out in the yard] She's my Muse, my flame. We realized that NASCAR can do a lot for product recognition and so, Vagisil has a little present... for you. [turns around and walks out, showing off a brand-new Vagisil NASCAR car]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Awww, sweet! [runs to the car, then runs his right hand over the body] No way, this is so tits!"
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,Vagisil would like you to represent us in the next NASCAR race.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Dude, check it out, Kenny! My very own NASCAR!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[angrily in disbelief] (No fucking way!)
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,And we've modified the cockpit to be operated properly by a child.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Aww coool, huh Kenny? [Makes engine revving and shift change noises] I got a NASCAR, Kenny! [Geoff looks at Kenny, smiling] So awesome, huh Kenny? [Kenny can only look on angrily]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"A conference room, day. A NASCAR spokesman holds a mic"
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,"We are now live at the NASCAR press conference, where the drivers of Saturday's race are gearing up and taking questions from reporters."
Poor and Stupid,Reporter 1,"So uh what's your guys' take on the track here? Any concerns? [present are Dale Earnhardt, Jr., Jimmie Johnson, Danica Patrick, Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart, Eric Cartman, and Matt Kenseth]"
Poor and Stupid,Jimmie Johnson,"Well I think it's a fine track, you know. The- the techs have done a really good job of makin' sure the banks are grafted down to the right specs and there shouldn't be any problems-"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[doing a redneck accent and acting completely stupid] Yeah, we like the track, yup. We gotta graft them banks an' specs, it's like an oval, so we're gonna drive straight and then we're gonna be turnin' to the left."
Poor and Stupid,Reporter 2,Uhhh they're saying hot weather tomorrow; any concerns about restrictor plate or brake fade problems?
Poor and Stupid,Jeff Gordon,"Of course, any time you're dealin' with high humidity and temperatures you need to compensate your brake fluid, but the plates themselves-"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Compensate yer blake fluid an' git yer, git yer... b-brake workin' so you can stop sometimes."
Poor and Stupid,"Dale Earnhardt, Jr.","Hey excuse me, who is this kid? Is he even a driver?"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Ewww, bring it on, Earnhardt, you scared of the competition?! I'm just as poor an' stupid as you! I'm gonna drive and I'm gonna go fayast and I'm gonna turn to the left sometimes!"
Poor and Stupid,Danica Patrick,"Can we just, get back to the subject of racing, please?"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Uh-ho! Bring it on, Danica! You dumb bitch! Think I can't steer left better than you?!"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"After the press conference, Cartman meets up with Butters"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"You seemed really stupid, Eric."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Thanks, B-butts. I really think I can hold my own against these guys. Little worried about that Jimmie Johnson guy though; he seems dumber than spit. And that Danica Patrick chick? Phew! We're gonna need to get even poorer and stupider, Butters. Both of us."
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Mick's Lanes. Kenny is at the bar drinking glass after glass of water, looking depressed. On TV, Pardon The Interruption airs"
Poor and Stupid,Tony Kornheiser,"Alright, from the NFL we now turn to the world of NASCAR! People who weren't sure what to think of NASCAR are more sure today after a NASCAR driver released bigoted and ignorant statements on his podcast."
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Cartman is in a studio of his making; a confederate flag hangs on the wall, a checkered flag with NASCAR next to it hangs above a propane grill (indoors) an unmade bed in the background. He himself looks like he's wasted on Vagisil. He clears his throat and begins recording"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Alright, what's up NASCAR fans? I don't know about y'all, but this President Obama is pissin' me off! So I'm gonna do some dip and speak my mind. Today I'm gonna be dippin'... [holds up a bottle] Vagisil Regular Strength Anti-Itch Creme. [squeezes some out and rubs it all over his lips] Oh yeah. Yeah, that's a big dipper right there. But I'm pretty pissed off at what I found out. I found out this ""Obama"" wants to put a bigger tax on gasoline! [spits into a can] What the fuck is up with that?! That's fuckin' gay! And he's fuckin' gay as hell! [Kenny buries his face in the counter, in shame. On screen, Butters appears behind Cartman] You all know my pit boss, Butters. [Butters appears over by the grill, also with a mouthful of Vagisil]"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Obama's fuckin' gay.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,He's fuckin' gay as hell!
Poor and Stupid,Butters,Pissin' me off!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[dips again and rubs it on his lips] So y'all be sure to catch us in our next race. We're about as poor an' stupid as they fuckin' come, so come down an' cheer for us at NASCAR on Saturday! Obama's gay as hell!"
Poor and Stupid,Tony Kornheiser,"[back to Kenny sitting watching TV at Mick's Lanes] Well if you ask me, that's all the proof we need that NASCAR really is just for the poor... [sharply] and the stupid."
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"[Kenny has enough as he slammed his fist in anger] (Fuck this!) [leaves the bar, livid]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,Saturday at Colorado National Speedway. The Vagisil car is prepared as Cartman sits in it
Poor and Stupid,Commentator 1,The stage is set for what could be the most important race of the NASCAR year.
Poor and Stupid,Commentator 2,"Lots of speculation and interest in the Vagisil car, driven by Eric Cartman. We are joined now by the inventor and owner of Vagisil, Geoff Hamill."
Poor and Stupid,Geoff,"Thank you, Chris."
Poor and Stupid,Chris,[Commentator 2] Geoff? Why did you decide to sponsor a NASCAR driver?
Poor and Stupid,Geoff,"Vagisil is very excited to be part of the NASCAR phenomenon, Chris. You know, I... first created Vagisil to try and help my wife, Patty. She is my Muse, my flame. Wherever Patty goes her smile lights up the room. Her vagina, on the other hand, clears the room and makes it uninhabitable for weeks."
Poor and Stupid,Commentator 1,"Ohkay, well the race is about to start, so why don't we kick it back down to the track?"
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,"[Over the PA system] Gentlemen, start your engines! [the crowd begins to cheer]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Alright, ""start your engine."" What's that mean?"
Poor and Stupid,Pit crewman,"That means you flip the switch that says ""Engine."" [to Butters] Is he stupid or what?"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Yeah, he's a champion alright."
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"At the Speedway entrance, Kenny approaches the racetrack entrance with a tote bag"
Poor and Stupid,Security guard,"Check your bag please, sir? [Kenny hands him the bag. The guard checks the bag and pulls out a long rifle] No, no, see, this won't do. You can't bring a sniper rifle onto the track."
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"(Aww, come on!)"
Poor and Stupid,Security guard,"Look, NASCAR is trying to change its image. It's people like you that are givin' NASCAR a bad name!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"(Aw come on, fuck you!) [enters]"
Poor and Stupid,Security guard,"You might be able to buy one in the gift shop. [inside, the cars begin to move down pit lane]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,On the track
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,[Over the PA] The drivers are slowly heading out to follow the pace car.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[in the redneck accent] Then I'm gonna press the gas pedal and I'm gonna go forward. [does so and rear-ends #78, then back up and swerves onto the track and sideswipes #95 and #78] NASCAR! Yee-ah!"
Poor and Stupid,Pit crewman,"This is just the pace lap, you don't go full speed yet!"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Yeah, just the pace lap! I'm gonna hit the, hit the brake! [hits the brakes and #7 runs into him. Danica Patrick is the driver]"
Poor and Stupid,Danica Patrick,[infuriated] The fuck are you doing?!
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[gives her the middle finger] Fuck you, Danica Patrick! You ain't half as dumb as me! Gas pedal! [steps on the gas and peels away. Other cars pass Danica, whose engine is now on fire]"
Poor and Stupid,Danica Patrick,"Oh, son of a bitch!"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Woowee, ain't nobody can stop muhey!"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,in the sports booth
Poor and Stupid,Commentator 1,And it looks like the Vagisil car has already clipped two other drivers and taken them out of the race.
Poor and Stupid,Chris,"Yea, the other drivers are not going to be happy about this. What do you think, Mr. Hamill?"
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,"Vagisil is a company that really stands behind its product, Chris. We want women to know that Vagisil is effective, safe for use every day, [looks at Patty and enunciates] Every. Day. [she just stands there] Every. Day. [she looks down and away] ...And available nationwide."
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"On the track, the racers speeding on each other, Cartman side smashes the #52 car to a wall causing it to spin out"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Be careful up here about a hundred yards, Eric. There's a wrecked car on the right side. [Danica Patrick finally comes out of her car] You're gonna wanna watch for it here. You're gonna wanna watch it over on the right side."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Oh yeah, I see it. [Cartman avoids the car, but runs over Danica, who was trying to make it across the track to the field inside]"
Poor and Stupid,Danica Patrick,AAAAAA! [Cartman keeps going and ran over her]
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[looks over his right shoulder, then faces forward again] You see that? Daynicuh Patrick tried to get in my way. That pisses me off!"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,That's fuckin' gay as hell.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Whoop I'm comin' up on that turn thing again. I got to stayer left. [turns the steering wheel hard to the left and drives through the drivers' eating area and the pedestrians all running and screaming, Cartman ran over most of them and some survived by running from the side] Get out of the way you idiots, I'm tryin' to win this dayum thang! ""[Cartman made it back on the track]"""
Poor and Stupid,Butters,There you go. You're back on the track.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"I'm back own the track. [An enraged Kenny makes his way down the bleacher steps towards the track. He jumps onto the track and lands on the Vagisil car. He turns around on the car roof and looks into the car through the windshield, Cartman also enraged as well] What the... Kenny! What the hell are you doing?!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[pounds on the windshield] (Stop this car!)
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[irked] Get off my car, Kenny!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[inflamed] (Stop this car right now!)
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Oh man, now our friend Kenny's tryin' to break the windshield. Ain't that just gay as hell? [the #14 car is getting its wheels changed when Cartman barrels into it, causing it to flip over and land on its pit crew, killing them]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"We're tradin' paint! [further down the track he hits two other cars, which then slammed into each other. Back to Cartman, he's furious] Oh it's sooo easy for you, isn't it, Kenny?! I have to prove myself!"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,[incensed] (I fucking hate you!)
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[determined and angered] Sorry dude, I'm winning this race! Hit the brake! Bye Kenny. [steps on the brakes, launching Kenny at the end of the track]"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,"(AAAAAAAAAAAAAA...) [goes a long distance before the first bounce, then bounces a few more times. Two other cars remain on the track, and they pass Cartman]"
Poor and Stupid,Driver,"Oh Jesus, there's a little boy on the track. [the two cars swerve just in time, but one crashes into the outer wall, the other into the inner wall, Kenny ducks]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,in the booth
Poor and Stupid,Chris,"Well it appears that all the other drivers have crashed and only the Vagisil car remains. Looks like you're going to win, Mr. Hamill."
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,"This is such a great day for Vagisil, Chris. Our product awareness will be at an all-time high. Feminine odor must be treated diligently. [looks over at Patty] Very. Diligently. [a look of shock crosses his face. Patty is gone. The cameramen wonder what's going on.] Patty? Patty?"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"On the track, Patty walks over to the #48 car and pulls its driver out. She climbs in"
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,It looks like a woman is trying to take over for Jimmie Johnson's car. [Mr. Hamill and the commentators join him in his booth]
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,"What? [Patty gets the car started and backs up. Determined, she takes off as ""La Grange"" starts playing again]"
Poor and Stupid,Lowes pit boss,Ma'am? You are on an active racetrack. This is extremely dangerous.
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,"Let me talk to her. [puts on the pit boss's headphones] Patty? Patty, what are you doing? [Patty skillfully drives the car around the track] Patty, pull over the NASCAR. You're acting irrationally. Patty, did you forget to take your medication? You know how you get when you don't use your Vagisil. There should be some in your purse, my Muse. Patty? [she reaches Cartman and taps his car with Johnson's]"
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"On the track, Patty hits Cartman from behind."
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Aww! You dumb bitch! Butters, this bitch is tryin' to wreck mah car."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,I know. That pisses me off. That's fuckin' gay.
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Fuckin' gay as hell. [Patty pulls up to his left, taps him a bit, then pulls away.]"
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,"Patty, you are my Muse, and my flame."
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,They are neck and neck approaching the finish line. [This time she bumps him off. Cartman's car spins out then flips up in the air...]
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"[Shocked] Oh, fuck my ass again! [...and crashes upside down into the outer wall. Patty goes onto the finish line, getting the victory for Jimmie Johnson]"
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,[Geoff is frustrated] HAAAAAAAAAA!
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"Moments later, at the winners' circle. Lots of cheers as Patty Hamill shows off the huge trophy, an angry Geoff walks to her"
Poor and Stupid,Announcer,Big celebration for the Lowe's Home Improvement team.
Poor and Stupid,Geoff Hamill,Patty! How could you?! You've ruined us! You've ruined Vagisil!
Poor and Stupid,Scene Description,"nearby, Cartman and Butters look on, Cartman's NASCAR racesuit is slightly has ash and his hair as well, while he brush himself off in defeat. Kenny walks up to Cartman and angrily points"
Poor and Stupid,Kenny,(HA! You fucking lose!) [crosses his arms in triumph]
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"No, no, Kenny, go ahead. I deserve it. [Kenny is confused] I thought I could just waltz onto a racetrack and do what these people do. But I owe you an apology. The truth is I'm just too smart. And with how smart I am I'll always be successful and therefore have money. I just have to accept I'm too smart and rich for NASCAR. Time for me to give it up. Alright Butters, give me back my money."
Poor and Stupid,Butters,[flabbergasted] Huh?
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,[livid] The fifty eight dollars and thirty two cents I gave you! I want it back!
Poor and Stupid,Butters,"Uh, but- but you- you said I had to [begins to stammer, both walk off, as Kenny stares in confusion] s-spend on it on the... buy what I can start buyin' and start way in- bu- so get buy- [unintelligible]"
Poor and Stupid,Cartman,"Goddammit Butters, you'd better have it! Butters, you're always trying to screw me over!"
Poor and Stupid,Butters,But you said to take your money so I took it by [unintelligible] Ah I don't know.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, dining room table, evening. The family is gathered at table eating dinner"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Mom, Dad, what's ""muff cabbage""? [Gerald and Sheila pause. They look at each other, then turn back to their son]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Gerald,[confused] Muff cabbage?
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,[also confused] Where did you hear that?
It's a Jersey Thing,Ike,Muff cabbage!
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"The new neighbors that moved in next to Stan's house. Me and Ike saw the mom get a parking ticket, and she called the parking cop ""muff cabbage""."
It's a Jersey Thing,Ike,Muff cabbage.
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,A new family moved in? Where are they from?
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,She said they're from New Jersey.
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,[drops her fork] New Jersey? A family from New Jersey moved in next to the Marshes?
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,Yeah. Stan said they're having them over for dinner tonight.
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"[fearful, quickly leaves her chair and walks off a bit] Oh, God. Poor Sharon. Doesn't she know?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Know what, Ma?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Ike,Muff cabbage!
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,Never invite a New Jersey housewife into your home.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time. The table has been enlarged to accommodate their guests - a family with three kids. Grandpa Marsh is not at the table"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"[at the head of the table. Sharon is to her right] And so then I met the school principal. What's her name? Principal Victoria? What a stupid bitch! I mean, excuse my language, but that bitch needs her fuckin' head examined!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Teresa's new home, next door, on New Jersey Housewives"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Yeah, so my family and I moved from Jersey to South Park about a week ago. So far, I can tell that everyone here really likes me."
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,Oh! And I met that Stotch woman. What's her name?
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,"Oh, Linda, huh?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,Have you noticed how yellow that bitch's teeth are? You can tell that woman is a piece of garbage. She's garbage! [the girls at the table just look on and continue eating] I went into the mall here and I just about dropped dead. The only panties you can buy makes you look like you got a grandma muff! Where's the Gucci? Where's the Prada? Have they heard of Italian clothes? It's ridiculous!
It's a Jersey Thing,Joe,"[as Teresa rattles on] So, Randy, what gyms are good around here? Where do you work out?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,I don't really work out.
It's a Jersey Thing,Joe,"Well, I gotta find somethin'. [flexes his left biceps] My biceps are goin' flat."
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Where can you get good clothes in this town?! Nowhere! I mean, that's why you're stuck wearing garbage like that, right? And the woman that works the hair salon? Julia? Have you seen how big that bitch's ears are?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,"Oh, Julia's a friend of mine, yeah."
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Ears out to here! [spreads her arms out as far as they could go] So I tell her, ""You got big ears, sweetie."" I'm not trying to be mean. It's just a Jersey thing. Why be offended? [to Sharon] I mean, you've got a big chin. We've all got imperfections."
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,"Right, just like your eyes are kind of far apart. [Teresa's expression changes to a dark mood]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Teresa's new home, next door, on New Jersey Housewives"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"That was totally uncalled for, for what she did. My eyes are too far apart? And like who is she? Is she God? No."
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"You don't ever, ever! You whack job, prostitution... [slams her hands on the table] ...whore! You probably sell your muff... [slams her hands on the table] ...for six dollars! You fucking psycho bitch! Fuck you! [lifts the table, which causes it to dump the food on the floor. Sharon quickly hides behind Randy] You're nothin' but garbage! [Joe comes up and restrains her from behind] That's what you are! You're garbage! [Stan's eyes dart back and forth] You sick, old woman! Muff garbage! [Joe takes her into the kitchen] Muff cabbage! Fuck this psycho bitch!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,Wow.
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Let's get the fuck outta here! She's a fuckin' pig! She's fuckin' pissin' me off! [to Joe] Okay, I love you."
It's a Jersey Thing,Joe,Take it easy.
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,I love you. [they kiss] I love you.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,Teresa's new home
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"I thought I was gonna deck her. I was fine. I was really fine. I just wanted to get my point across to her, and then that's how I am. [she takes Joe's hand and walks him back into the dining room] Like I could be mad one minute and then I'll be fine."
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner time"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Okay, all better. Just had to get that out. It's just... it's a Jersey thing. So, who wants dessert? Meeee!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"At Sizzler, day. The boys are having lunch there"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,You guys do not understand. Having neighbors from Jersey is the worst! All night long they keep me awake! They're either screaming at each other or making some disgusting sex sounds. It seems like all people from Jersey do is hump and punch each other!
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"You know what you do when you want a family to move away? Every night, you go and take a crap on their doorstep."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,[glaring at him] Is that why there's crap on my doorstep every morning?
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Oops, busted. [avoids eye contact]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"They talk way too loud, they flip out for no reason, and every time they act like selfish assholes, they just go, ""Oh, it's a Jersey thing. It's a Jersey thing."""
It's a Jersey Thing,Jersey Man,"Hey, you talkin' 'bout Jersey? Me and my friends are from Jersey."
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Aw, crap, there's more of them?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Jersey Man,"'Ey, come on, there's people from Jersey all over! Who here is from Jersey? [a lot of people respond excitedly]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Highlight. The Jersey man is Steve ""Last Call"""
It's a Jersey Thing,"Steve ""Last Call""","So I'm like standin' there, and I'm like, ""Who's from Jersey?"", and people are all like, ""Yo! Woo-hoo!"" Next thing you know, Jersey party at Sizzler. [the restaurant is transformed into a club]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Sizzler, later on. Everyone is dancing except the boys, music is pumping, lights flash all around"
It's a Jersey Thing,Woman,"[nude in a in a Jacuzzi] Yeah, let's get this party started. [a random fight breaks out]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,Where the hell are they coming from?! [a bottle of Corona beer lands in front of the boys and shatters]
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"South Park Salon, day. Sharon approaches it. Inside..."
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,Danielle was being a stupid bitch.
It's a Jersey Thing,Woman 1,"Shut up, Teresa. You're pathetic!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"I'm pathetic? You're muff gabbage! [Sharon walks into the salon. Teresa gets up to greet her] Oh, Sharon! [they hug] Hi, sweetie. You gotta meet our new neighbors. This is Jacqueline. She's from Jersey."
It's a Jersey Thing,Jacqueline,And Sicilian.
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,That's Danielle. She's from Jersey. [Danielle is extremely tanned] And that's Caroline.
It's a Jersey Thing,Caroline,I'm having my face shaved. It's a Jersey thing.
It's a Jersey Thing,Salon Girl,"I'm sorry, but I have other clients in ten minutes. Can you sit down? [Teresa didn't like that request]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,Highlight.
It's a Jersey Thing,Jacqueline,"When the salon girl told Teresa to sit down, I thought Teresa was gonna bust a tit."
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,the salon
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,Don't you fuckin' tell me what to do! I'm a client here!
It's a Jersey Thing,Caroline,Teresa! Calm down.
It's a Jersey Thing,Salon Girl,I don't have to take your shit! I'm from Jersey!
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Get her, Sharon!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,What?
It's a Jersey Thing,Jacqueline,"Sharon, just stay out of it!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Caroline,"Be the bigger person, Sharon!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,You people are crazy.
It's a Jersey Thing,Caroline,Who's crazy? Are you talkin' about my family?! [grabs Sharon by the hair as she screams] Is my family crazy?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,"Don't you pull my friend's hair, you bitch! [pulls Sharon back by the hair]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"[barges in ready to fight] Let go of her, you piece of trash! [the other ladies turn to look]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,Who the fuck are you to tell ME what to do?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,[walks up to the women] All you trashy whores get the fuck out of here and leave her alone!
It's a Jersey Thing,Teresa,Psycho bitch!
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"[slaps her hand away] No! You're a psycho bitch, psycho bitch! Psycho biiitch! You wanna see fuckin' crazy?! You'd better just step the fuck away or you're gonna see fuckin' crazy! [the Jersey women begin to leave]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Jacqueline,[turns to look at Sheila] You're cabbage! [then leaves]
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,Sheila?
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"At the South Park Community Center, evening. Randy has the floor as the other townsfolk sit and listen"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"People of South Park! We have all noticed a steep rise in everything Jersey lately. As many of you already know, everything east of the Rockies is now part of New Jersey! The Jersey Shore now includes Jacksonville, Miami, the Gulf of Jersey Mexico, and the Jersey Islands. [this includes Puerto Rica and Cuba]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Mr. Garrison,Jesus! Why are they doing this?
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"More people from Jersey are showing up in our town! If we don't do something, South Park is going to become West Jersey."
It's a Jersey Thing,Jimbo,"Well, that does it! Let's go tell everyone from Jersey we don't want 'em here!"
It's a Jersey Thing,All,Yeah!
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"That won't work. You can't just tell people from Jersey you don't like them. No matter how obnoxious they are, they will convince themselves that you all actually think they're cool."
It's a Jersey Thing,Jimbo,"How do you know that, Ms. Broflovski? [Sheila is on the spot.]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,Highlight.
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"That's when I knew I had to tell everyone the truth: that originally I'm from Jersey. [the adults present are Stephen and Linda Stotch, Randy and Sharon Marsh, Stuart McCormick, his wife, and Liane Cartman] Yes, born and raised, I wasn't even called Sheila back then. In Jersey I was known as S-Woww Tittybang. [a picture of her is shown] I drank heavily and punched a lot of bitches in the face. [a picture of one such incident is shown] Living in South Park, I'm able to control the Jersey side of me, which doesn't really come out unless I get around other people from Jersey. [turns away from the other adults] I'm just really hoping that people here don't judge me for it, or or, somehow, you know, hold it against me."
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,"Sheila, who are you talking to?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,You wouldn't understand. It's a Jersey thing. [walks away]
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The park, basketball court, day. The boys - Stan, Kenny and Cartman - are playing basketball. Kenny has the ball and is trying to get past Cartman"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"You ain't gettin' by that way, Kenny!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"[approaching] Hey, dudes."
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[takes the ball from Kenny and confronts Kyle] Oh, well, well, well. Look what the cat threw up in the litter box. Come on, guys. We don't wanna be seen hanging around him."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,What are you talking about?
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Dude, we heard the news! Your mom is from Jersey!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,So what?
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,So what?! That makes you from Jersey!
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"No, it doesn't!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[turns around] He's from Jersey, you guys. [inches away] Let's just get away from him."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,I'm not from Jersey. I was born here.
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Don't try and deny it! You're one of them, dude. And by my account, that's strike three!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,What's strike three?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Cartman removes his hat from his head, revealing his large curly red hair."
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"You're a ginger, a Jew, and from Jersey! Three strikes, Kyle! You're out!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Shut the fuck up! [grabs his hat back and puts it on, then looks at the other boys] What?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,Did you know your mom was from Jersey?
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,Why does it matter?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"No, uh, it just explains a lot."
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[moves Kyle aside] Oh, my God! Kyle is even starting to look like he's from Jersey! His skin is turning orange!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"No, it isn't!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Yes, it is. It's getting oranger."
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"Stop it, Cartman. Just 'cause Kyle's mom is a Jersey asshole doesn't mean Kyle is."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kenny,(Yeah.)
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Okay, you do what you want, guys. As for me, well, you're a heartless backstabbing Jersey boy, Kyle, and I shan't be playing basketball with the likes of you. [walks away, then turns and glares at him] And I'm gonna start crappin' on your doorstep a lot more!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. Kyle is brushing his teeth when he looks at himself in the mirror and then checks out his hands and his face. He takes his toothbrush out of his mouth and drops it into the sink, then checks out his hat"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"No. [removes his hat] Couldn't be. [opens the top drawer of the vanity and pulls out a pair of scissors. He begins to cut his hair, slowly, then faster and faster. He gets some styling gel and rubs it into his hair. He gets a razor out to shape his eyebrows, cuts more of his hair off, rips the sleeves off his shirt, gets a bracelet and puts it on his right forearm, gets more gel and rubs a design onto his shirt, then is shocked at what he sees in the mirror] Oh, my God."
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,[knocks on the bathroom door] Kyle? You in there?
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Hold on. Ah, I'm, ah... n-not right now. [goes about putting stuff away and closing all the drawers]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"Kyle, open the door."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Not now, Mom. Please."
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"Kyle, this instant! One, two. [Kyle goes to the door]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"All right, all right. [opens the door and see his mom, who's really Jerseyfied herself. He's speechless]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,I guess we need to talk.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Kyle's bedroom, minutes later. She and Kyle are sitting on his bed"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"I know this has to be very upsetting for you, Kyle."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"[enunciating] What am I, Mom?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"When I got pregnant with you, Kyle, your father and I were living with my parents in Newark. We knew we had to get out. Neither of us wanted our child to be from Jersey, so we moved. As far away as we could. But now I realize you can take the fetus out of Jersey, but you can't take Jersey out of the fetus."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,[getting scared] What are you saying?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"I'm saying that for the first two months I carried you in my stomach, I lived in Newark. Technically, you are from Jersey."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,[looks at his new look] No! I don't wanna look like this!
It's a Jersey Thing,Sheila,"It isn't so bad, Kyle. A lot of people think the Jersey look is nice."
It's a Jersey Thing,Ike,[walks by and looks] Aaaaiiiiihhhhh! [faints on his back]
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,I can hide it! [hops off the bed] Nobody ever has to know! [puts his hat back on and walks out the bedroom door] I can't ever let anybody know!
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,a news program comes on
It's a Jersey Thing,Announcer,"Live from St. Louis, New Jersey! It's the ""Jersey News"" with anchormen P-Train and Tan Jovi!"
It's a Jersey Thing,P-Train,"What's up, New Jersey? It's the evenin' news. Our top story tonight: many Jersey people are freakin' pissed after a small town in Colorado got all aggro on some decent Jersey folk! For more on this story we go to Chicago."
It's a Jersey Thing,Reporter,"People here in Chicago, New Jersey are riled up, P-Train. Apparently, a town called South Park, which is at the border of Denver, New Jersey, is discriminating against people from Jersey! They won't sell houses to people from Jersey, and they're making all the ones who moved in move out. [the Giudice family is forcibly hauled out of their new home and stuffed into their car] And they're takin' down all the Jersey-owned shops! [South Park Salon is bombed and everyone in there runs out] It's like these people got a beef with Jersey. What's up with that?!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Tan Jovi,What's up with that?!
It's a Jersey Thing,P-Train,What's up with that?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Tan Jovi,"Well, we are coming after you, South Park! We fight discrimination! It's a Jersey thing!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"South Park, night, town square. The townsfolk have brought everything they could think of to form a barricade against the Jersey folk. Randy is on the line"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Please, Governor. You have to send your troops to join us in this fight. We're just a small town. We can't stop New Jersey on our own."
It's a Jersey Thing,Schwarzenegger,"Ve are very sore-y, but Cal-i-for-ni-a cannot afford helping you at this time."
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Can't you see that if we fall to New Jersey, California is next?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Schwarzenegger,"No, because U-tah is between Colo-rah-do and Cal-i-for-ni-a."
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Oh. Fine! But when Utah gets taken over by New Jersey, who's next?!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Schwarzenegger,Nevada.
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Oh, really? Well, okay, Mr. I'm-Awesome-at-Geography!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"South Park, night, town square. In the shadows, Kyle gives Kenny a rifle as Cartman walks up. Stan gives another rifle to Kyle"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,What the hell are you guys doing?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,Tryin' to help. My dad says to distribute all these guns.
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,[points to Kyle] And we're just gonna let him stand around here?! He's one of them. He could easily be a spy!
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"I told you Cartman, I'm not one of them! I don't wanna live in West Jersey any more than you do!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Overcompensating a little, aren't we, Kyle?!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,That's enough!
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Your blood is tainted with the three J's! Jewish, Jersey and Ginger! Admit it!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Aaaarrghhhhhh! [runs at Cartman and pins him hard against a tree] I'm not one of them! Do you understand me?! You'd better get that through your fat head! I will never be one of them, and if you say it again, I swear to God, I'll smash your fucking teeth in! [lets go and walks away angrily. Cartman backs up a bit without saying a word, then breaks down wailing]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[Whining] That hurt my throat because he pushed it right here, and then the back of my head hit the treeee! There was... there was... there was bark, and it scratched it! [Stan and Kenny walk away silently] Did you see the scratch, Keeenney?!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"South Park, night, town square. Randy is on the line looking for other support"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Please, Emperor Akishino! We need Japan's help to fight these people! [waits for an answer] Fine! But you Japs will all be eatin' hoagies in a month! [throws his cell phone away and claps his hands free of it] That's it, nobody's gonna help us! We're on our own!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stuart,We can't take on all of Jersey. We have to find support.
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"There is no support! Every ally America ever had is... [thinks of something] Wait a minute. [strokes his chin] Sometimes when a threat is great enough, you have to turn to your enemies for help."
It's a Jersey Thing,Mr. Garrison,What are you talking about?
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,We could ask Al Qaeda.
It's a Jersey Thing,Stephen,[steps forward] Ask Al Qaeda for help? After what they did to us?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,Maybe it's time we put our differences aside and forgive them.
It's a Jersey Thing,Stephen,"And what about the families of the victims of 9/11? Their feelings matter for another ten months, damn it!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Bar Patron 1,"Hey! Hey, we got a problem! You've gotta get some people down to the bar quick! There's trouble!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,People from Jersey?
It's a Jersey Thing,Bar Patron 1,I don't know what the hell I saw.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails, night. Officer Barbrady's cruiser is parked out front. Officer Barbrady and other men from the town search the bar in the darkness with flashlights"
It's a Jersey Thing,Skeeter,It tore a hole in my meat locker. Smashed the cigarette machine in half.
It's a Jersey Thing,Barbrady,"Alright, come out now. Make it easy on yourself. [a soft, high growl is heard and a figure runs by in the shadows, bumping into a few tables. The figure runs by again, grunting. The flashlights follow the sound and find a woman who looks like a troll cowering in a corner. Her arms are really short, her ears are elfin, her skin is orange and her black hair is styled in a beehive hairdo]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Bar Patron 2,"It's one of them! That thing's from Jersey, too! [the thing moves closer to the ATM and smokes]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,What is it?
It's a Jersey Thing,Bar Patron 2,It's called a Snooki. It's very famous. [Snooki sips from her drink and eats straight out of a pickle jar]
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,That thing is famous? Why?
It's a Jersey Thing,Bar Patron 2,I don't know!
It's a Jersey Thing,Jimbo,"Well, what are we waitin' for? Let's kill it! [aims his shotgun and fires at her. She drops the pickle jar and it shatters.]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,[walking away from the ATM] Snooo-ki.
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Don't let it get away! Where is it?! [hears a sound] Who was that?! [his beam lands on Snooki, who has taken Stephen Stotch down and is raping him]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stephen,Aaagh! Get it off of me!
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,[raping him] Snooki smoosh.
It's a Jersey Thing,Stephen,"Shoot it! [another gunshot is heard and Snooki heads for a window and jumps out through it, running away]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"South Park Square, night. Cartman has left his usual friends and is talking to a group of other boys from his class: Bradley, Jason, Butters, Fosse, DogPoo, and Bill"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"So then he grabs my throat, right? And he slams my head into a tree! And then he screams, ""I'll smash your teeth in!"" My head is all like gashed open."
It's a Jersey Thing,Butters,Kyle did that? Gee whiz.
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"I'm telling you guys, he's getting worse. The Jersey in Kyle is coming out. I don't see any other choice. We have to kidnap Kyle and lock him in the meat freezer at Sizzler. [Kyle is cleaning his rifle nearby and lifts his head to see what the other boys are doing] Hey, Kyle. 'Sup? Kind of nice out tonight, huh? [Kyle returns to cleaning his rifle. Cartman then moves to the opposite side of the circle] He has to be put away, and he has to be put away now!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Butters,Are you being serious?
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"This is very serious, Butters."
It's a Jersey Thing,Butters,"Yeah, but lockin' Kyle in a meat freezer? I mean, he could die."
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Well if he does, too bad! Did you see the scratch on my head?! [Kyle looks up again. Cartman notices and turns to look back at him] Hey, Kyle. [stretches] Uhh... Dude, do you smell raspberries? I smell raspberries. Ho? Huh. [turns around and goes into a low voice as Kyle watches from nearby] We need to do this now. At some point, he might start suspecting something's up."
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,Al Qaeda headquarters in the caves of Afghanistan. Al Qaeda members go about their business
It's a Jersey Thing,Operative,"[walks up to bin Laden with a package] Istagia makuman? [bin Laden turns around and takes the package, which is a video tape. He puts it into a tape player and watches the video. Randy pops up onscreen]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Hello, Mr. bin Laden. My name is Randy, and I'm a geologist in America. I know that America isn't your favorite place in the world, but gosh darn it, we need your help. As you may know, we are trying to stop our entire country from becoming New Jersey. I believe that if we do not succeed, Jersey will spread to Japan, Russia, and eventually, to you. I know you have seen countless horrors in your lifetime, Mr. bin Laden, and that you have witnesses the very worst of mankind. Well, now I ask you to watch this. [Jersey Shore's live-action show open begins to play]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,Neaaaaaah! Snooki wants smoosh smoosh.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Sizzler, night time. Cartman climbs into the restaurant through a window"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Come on, you guys, hurry!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"[climbs in behind him] Cartman, what the hell are we doing at Sizzler?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"I told you guys, you're not gonna believe it. It's a miracle!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kenny,[climbs in behind Stan] (What kind of fuckin' miracle?!) [Kyle climbs in last]
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[leads them to a spot] Jesus answered our prayers, you guys. It's so cool. [stops] It's right there in the meat locker. Kyle, go check it out."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,[looks at Cartman for a few seconds] Why?
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Dude, go see why. It's a Jesus miracle!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,You just wanna lock me in there because you think I'm one of them.
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Nuh-uh. Seriously, nuh-uh."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,I'm not going in any meat locker so you can trap me!
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Trap you? No, no, Kyle, it's actually... lights! [the lights go on and the fourth graders Cartman was talking to earlier pop into view] Ha-ha! It's a trap, Kyle! Get him to the meat locker! [the group of six come up and take Kyle away]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"Dude, what are you doing?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[stops Stan and Kenny in their tracks] Back away, guys, this is for the safety of all of us. [rushes up to the freezer door] Sorry Kyle, but you can't be trusted."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"All right, fine, Cartman! You really want me to go in there, I'll... [his expression changes quickly] Dude, Cartman, what is that behind you?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Kyle, do we really have to resort to that?!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"No, I- I'm serious. What is that behind you?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,You ginger Jersey Jew! [Snooki rises up behind him] Your tactics don't work on me!
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,Snooki wants smoosh smoosh. [breathes heavily]
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[looks over his shoulder, then looks back at the other boys] Dude, what the fuck is that thing behind me?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"South Park Square, night. Stephen runs up to Garrison behind the barricade"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stephen,"Garrison, I think the Jersey people are advancing. Where's Randy?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Mr. Garrison,He's still questioning that new prisoner.
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"nearby, Randy has a Jersey man strapped onto a chair"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"Alright, Mr. Situation, we'll try this again! Why are you people doing this?!"
It's a Jersey Thing,The Situation,"Well, I told you, it's, uh, just a Jersey thing. [Randy punches him hard on the left cheek]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,What does that mean?!
It's a Jersey Thing,The Situation,"You just don't understand. It's, uh, it's just... just a Jersey thing. [Randy punches him again, kicks him with the left foot, punches him with the left hand, kicks him on the side of his head with the right foot]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,Stop playing stupid!
It's a Jersey Thing,Jimbo,"Maybe he really is stupid, Randy."
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,[shoots back at Jimbo] Nobody's this stupid! [turns to The Situation again] What are you people planning?!
It's a Jersey Thing,The Situation,"It's just a Jersey thing, you know? You...you just gotta be from Jersey to get it. [Randy punches him again with the left hand, kicks him with the left foot, delivers a roundhouse kick with the right foot, flips over him and kicks him on the back of the head]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Gerald,[keeping a lookout atop the barricade] Here they come! [the adults get into position]
It's a Jersey Thing,Sharon,"Is it them, Randy?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,Yup. They're from Jersey alright.
It's a Jersey Thing,Jersey People,Yeah! Woo-hoo! Let's go! Yeah!
It's a Jersey Thing,Jersey Man 2,Let's go creepin' in this town!
It's a Jersey Thing,Jersey Woman,[to another woman] Don't you talk about my family! Don't you talk about my family!
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,This is where we make our stand! South Park will never be West Jersey! [some people cheer]
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"[waves a New Jersey flag but with the ""New"" crossed out and replaced with a big red ""No""] Fuck New Jersey! [some people cheer and begin firing. The advancing Jersey folk begin to fall one by one] Keep shooting! We're sick of you, Jersey!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Sizzler, night. Screams of children are now heard, and they are trying to hide from Snooki, who is now raping DogPoo"
It's a Jersey Thing,DogPoo,[Screaming] Ugh! Ugh! Get it off of me! Get it off of me!
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,Snooki wants smoosh smoosh!
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"[tries to get out, but finds the doors locked] Try to find a way past it!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,What does it want?!
It's a Jersey Thing,Butters,Sounds like it wants smoosh smoosh!
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,"[leaves DogPoo, reaches Cartman, and starts raping him from behind] Smoosh smoosh! Snooki wants smoosh smoosh!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"No! You guys, it's raping me! It's raping me!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"Jesus Christ, what the hell do we do?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Oh, God. [grabs his head and stumbles away, then falls on all fours] Wuh. Aah. [waves his hand at Stan and Kenny] Get out of here!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"[flatly] Why? [Kyle continues writhing and groaning, before throwing his hat away]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Agggh! Agggh! [pulls out a tube of gel and puts some on his left hand] No! [quickly greases up his hair, takes off his jacket, rolls up his sleeves, puts on a necklace, combs his hair, puts two rings on his left hand, and writes ""KYLeY-B"" on his T-shirt]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,..Dude.
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"[approaches Snooki; in Jersey accent] Get out of here, you piece of garbage! You wanna smoosh, go creepin' somewheres else!"
It's a Jersey Thing,Snooki,Snooki get the smoosh in the... the tenth...
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,You're garbage! You know that?! You're cabbage! [Snooki babbles and says her name] You've got cabbage in your muff! [Snooki continues babbling] You've got cabbage in your fuckin' muff! [Snooki continues babbling and Kyle finally fells her with a left hook. Snooki whimpers and escapes through a window. Cartman sobs a bit and puts his pants up]
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"[Sniffling] Thank you, Kyle."
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Back at the barricade, Jimbo searches for more ammunition"
It's a Jersey Thing,Jimbo,That's the last of it! We're out of ammo!
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,Then we've got to start falling back to Utah!
It's a Jersey Thing,Stuart,What's the point? Can't you see it's over? [the sound of roaring jets is heard and grows louder]
It's a Jersey Thing,Jimbo,Who is that?! [thirteen planes appear over the horizon]
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"It's Al Qaeda! [cheers go up from the crowd. An Al Qaeda pilot salutes from his cockpit. Soon they're diving their planes into the Jersey crowd and killing the Jersey folk] Give 'em hell, Al Qaeda! [More cheers go up from the crowd]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day"
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"On a cold October night, a small town in Colorado stood up to New Jersey and finally said, ""Go away!"" Our fortitude was the inspiration for others and now, New Jersey is slowly receding back to the desolate land from whence it came. Our country's getting back to normal, and we owe it all to Osama bin Laden. [bin Laden is shown seated on a chair. Cheers go up and Randy places a garland on him, and kisses him on the cheek]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"Well, Kyle, looks like you're totally back to normal."
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"Yeah. The more distance between me and the others from Jersey, the better I feel."
It's a Jersey Thing,Cartman,"Yeah, but you still have it in you. You saved my life, Kyle. Deep down inside, you're a monster. [Pinches Kyle's cheek] But you're my little monster."
It's a Jersey Thing,Stan,"I just have one question, Kyle. At Sizzler when you were yelling ""Muff cabbage,"" what's muff cabbage?"
It's a Jersey Thing,Kyle,"It's a, uh, it's a Jersey thing."
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,"On this day let us all remember that no people on this earth are really enemies, only folks with differences. [a paratrooper descends from the rafters and quickly kills bin Laden with one shot]"
It's a Jersey Thing,Paratrooper,"[to his pilot] Tango is down, tango is down."
It's a Jersey Thing,Randy,We got him!
Insheeption,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The students are all in the cafeteria eating lunch. In the middle of the cafeteria is a table with the four boys there. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny sit opposite Clyde, Craig, Kevin, and Token."
Insheeption,Cartman,"So then, the guy hits the ping-pong ball with his dick, and it goes right in the other guy's mouth. [laughs heartily. Butters approaches the table with a sheet of paper]"
Insheeption,Butters,"Hey, Stan, I have a note for you."
Insheeption,Stan,A note?
Insheeption,Butters,"Yeah, uh, Wendy said to give you this. [hands him the note] I'm like a mailman. [walks away. Stan reads and Kyle notices]"
Insheeption,Kyle,What's it say?
Insheeption,Stan,[omitting the names] We need to talk.
Insheeption,Cartman,"[voice rising in pitch] Ohhhhhhhh. When a chick says ""We need to talk."", you might as well just start punching yourself in the balls, dude."
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Two tables over, nine girls are eating lunch. Kal, Red, Wendy, Bebe, and Heidi sit opposite Esther, Anne, Lola, and Millie"
Insheeption,Red,"Are you sure he has a problem, Wendy?"
Insheeption,Wendy,"Yes. I've read all about it. It's a real disease. It's called ""hoarding."" People who can't throw anything away, and they just keep living in deeper and deeper filth until the people around them just can't take it anymore."
Insheeption,Stan,"[approaching] Is something wrong, Wendy? [Wendy sees him, then looks at the girls, gets up and walks up to Stan]"
Insheeption,Wendy,[sighs] Stan? We need to talk about your locker.
Insheeption,Stan,My locker?
Insheeption,Wendy,[turns away] Every time I see the condition it's in I j-I just wanna cry. It just keeps getting messier and messier. I think you have a problem.
Insheeption,Stan,Are you serious?
Insheeption,Wendy,[turns back] It's so full of junk it takes you forever to find anything. And lately you've been asking to keep things in my locker.
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, it's just a little messy."
Insheeption,Wendy,"No, Stan, it's called ""hoarding""! And if you don't get help, I don't know how much longer I could be with you!"
Insheeption,Stan,"Aw, come on."
Insheeption,Wendy,Then can we throw some stuff in your locker away?
Insheeption,Stan,"Yeah, alright."
Insheeption,Wendy,"[wipes a tear from her eye] Okay. [puts a hand on his shoulder] I've hired some experts to help you with this. We'll make this as easy as possible on you, Stan."
Insheeption,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway. Two men stand by Stan and his locker as the fourth graders look on. One of them holds a large trash bag and is wearing a face mask"
Insheeption,An Expert,"Hello everyone, my name is Dr. Chinstrap. I'm a hoarding specialist, and today we're gonna help Stan clean out his locker. Alright, let's go ahead and see inside your locker, Stan. [Stan goes to his locker, opens it, and a few items fall out. The class gasps in horror: Stan's locker is truly packed. Wendy cries and hides her face with her notebook]"
Insheeption,Stan,"What, come on, it's not that bad."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Now, as part of Stan's therapy, we need to make sure we don't throw away anything he doesn't want us to. Stan needs to feel like he is in control or his psychosis will come out."
Insheeption,Stan,"My psychosis? Look, it isn't that big a deal, I'll just throw this stuff away."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"[walks up to Stan and gets down on one knee] Okay, great. How about we start with this? [takes a small box out of the locker]"
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, no, that's my pencil box. I need my pencil box."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"[defers right away, putting a hand up] Okay, okay, we'll put that right here on the floor. Now how about this? [takes out a bent toothbrush] Broken toothbrush."
Insheeption,Stan,"Well... it's good to have that, because sometimes I really wanna brush after lunch, and I-"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,But it's broken.
Insheeption,Stan,"Yeah, but it works perfectly fine and I-"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"[defers right away] Okay, okay. Broken toothbrush is going right here, by the pencil box. [sets it down] Now how about this? [pulls out a clear sandwich bag with rotten food in it] Old sandwich in a baggie filled with maggots."
Insheeption,Class,Eeeeewwww! [two more men stand behind the class holding trash bags and wearing face masks]
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, that, I mean, yeah, I mean... I kinda need that. Let's, let's just keep that."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"It's full of maggots, Stan. Can we throw it away?"
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, I might need it if I every have to, you know, like-"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"The maggots are crawling down my hand and biting my wrist, Stan. Can we throw this away?"
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, I- I guess so, but- [Dr. Chinstrap dumps the baggie into the large trash bag his assistant is holding. The assistant is wearing a facemask] Whoa-whoa-wait, this is all happening a little fast. Can we just slow down? [Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny look at each other worriedly]"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Now how about this empty aspirin bottle?
Insheeption,Stan,"Well no, don't throw that out."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Can we throw out these wadded up papers, then? [sweeps out a bunch of loose papers. Stan gets alarmed]"
Insheeption,Stan,"[begins gathering up the papers] No, because there could be something written on one of them that's important and uh-! No, don't take my empty bottle-! [takes the bottle from Dr. Chinstrap. The assistant pulls out the baggie] G-give me back my sandwich! [Stan grabs the baggie, then reaches for another loose sheet, when he realizes what he's done. Cartman makes a circle around his right ear with his index finger and whistles a cuckoo tune]"
Insheeption,Kyle,[walks up to Stan and puts a hand on his left shoulder] Dude. What's wrong with you?
Insheeption,Stan,I don't... I don't know.
Insheeption,Kyle,Maybe you should go talk to the counselor.
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, later. Stan is in his office"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"Stan, as your counselor, I'm here to help you with whatever problems you might have, m'kay? Now, what is the matter? [before Stan answers, he looks around the office. Mr. Mackey has a lot of junk in there]"
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, my friends are worried that I'm showing signs of... ""hoarding."""
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"Hoarding? M'kay, what's that?"
Insheeption,Stan,"Well, apparently, it's when you... don't throw anything away and soon you find yourself, living with a, bunch of... junk?"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"Hmmm, I haven't heard of that, but it- it definitely sounds bad, m'kay?"
Insheeption,Stan,"[looks around again] Mr. Mackey, is there, maybe anything you wanna talk about?"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"Me? ...Like, like what?"
Insheeption,Stan,"[looks around and picks up an empty milk carton from a box] Well like, you've got an old milk carton here from a month ago that's like-"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,DON'T YOU TOUCH THAT! THAT'S NOT SOMETHING TO THROW AWAY! IF YOU THROW THAT AWAY I WILL RAPE YOU IN THE MOUTH! M'KAY?! I WILL RAPE YOU IN YOUR FUCKIN' MOUTH! M'KAY?!
Insheeption,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary faculty room. Randy and Sharon are there with Mr. Garrison, Principal Victoria, Dr. Chinstrap, and another expert"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"There's no doubt about it. The school counselor here is a Class-5 hoarder. As for your son, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh, he's easily a Class-3."
Insheeption,Principal Victoria,But why is Mr. Mackey doing this now?
Insheeption,Sharon,"Yes, our son has always been fairly clean."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"We don't know a lot about what causes hoarding, but we do know it often relates to some kind of psychological trauma. If it's okay with you, we'd like to run some tests on the both of them."
Insheeption,Sharon,Is that really necessary for Stan? It's just his locker.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"I don't know if you realize how serious locker hoarding is. [turns away] It can lead to room hoarding, then house hoarding. In some cases, people even hoard animals, like cats."
Insheeption,Randy,"Oh yeah. Like that weird guy over on on Burgess Road. That guy, Mr. Yelman. He's been hoarding animals for years now."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Oh no, really?"
Insheeption,Scene Description,"A pasture, day. Dr. Chinstrap and his partner are present with Sgt. Yates and an officer"
Insheeption,Sgt. Yates,"Mr. Yelman, we received some disturbing reports that you might be hoarding sheep."
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"[a shepherd, or sheep herder, or sheep hoarder] ...Well I, that is I, I-"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"It's okay, Mr. Yelman, I'm a hoarding specialist. What you have is an illness. [Mr. Yelman doesn't know what they're talking about]"
Insheeption,Scene Description,"A lab, later. Stan, Mr. Mackey, and Mr. Yelman are all on couches with electrodes attached to their temples. Dr. Chinstrap is running tests as his partner and Stan's parents watch from an observation room"
Insheeption,Partner,"Don't worry, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh. Dr. Chinstrap is a professional at memory regression. This should prove very helpful."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Alright everyone, we are all here to face the disease of hoarding together. Nothing to be ashamed of, everyone here has the same problem. Whether it's office hoarding, or in the locker, or even the hoarding of animals."
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"Excuse me, but uh, I am a sheep herder."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"It's pronounced ""hoarder,"" and yes you are."
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"But but I, uh I'm actually herding sheep."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Yes, you are hurting sheep by hoarding them, aren't you? It's good you realize that."
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"No, but I just thought that-"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Now listen: there's a psychological reason you're all doing this, and we're gonna get to the bottom of it. We're gonna do some regression therapy. I'll be taking you deep into your memories, into your past."
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, that that sounds like it could be bad, uh-kay?"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Trust me, I know what I'm doing. I want the three of you to relax, and think about... a cloud. A lone cloud... floating... changing... light... cool air... blowing on the cloud. float- [jumps out of his chair suddenly, startling the subjects] WAAH! HAAA! HAAA!"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"What?! What?! Jesus, what?!"
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,Oh my God!
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Sorry, I just got a weird gas bubble for a second. [clears his throat] Anyway, A lone cloud... floating... wisps of cool air... now the cloud is near you, you... you reach out to it."
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,[stretches his arm out] Mmm-kay...
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"It's the cloud of your memories, of your past, [focus on Mr. Mackey] ...your childhood perhaps, ...what do you see in the cloud? Who is in the cloud?"
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"Billy, ...Billy Thompson?"
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Mackey's memory takes him back to the 1970s, when he was in grammar school. Three kids angrily walk towards him in the hall."
Insheeption,Billy,"There he is! Hey, Mackey! [Mr. Mackey, talking to two other boys, suddenly drops his books and turns around]"
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh uh, hi Billy. Nice to see ya, m'kay?"
Insheeption,Billy,Come 'ere! [points to the spot where he wants Mackey. Mackey's friends panic and split]
Insheeption,Mackey,"Uh well, actually I need to get home, m'kay? I uh..."
Insheeption,Billy,You snitched and told the principal I was smoking.
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh well uh, uh... smoking's bad, uhkay? [Billy throws him up against a locker] Huhhhhh!"
Insheeption,Billy,"You're gonna die Mackey! [to his friends] Hold his legs! [his friends move in, but Mackey gets loose and runs away, screaming. Mackey rounds a corner, finds a room, and goes in before Billy could catch him. Billy and his friends round the corner and run past the room Mackey entered] Come back here!"
Insheeption,Mackey,"[in the darkness, starts to calm down] Okay. Okay, okay okay, it's okay. It's okay. Calm down, okay. Turn on the light. [turns on the light, revealing Stan]"
Insheeption,Stan,"What? Whoa wait, what am I doing here?"
Insheeption,Mackey,Shh. Be quiet.
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"'Scuse me, where are we?"
Insheeption,Mackey,Shh. You've gotta be quiet. Billy Thompson's out there.
Insheeption,Stan,What the hell's going on?!
Insheeption,Scene Description,In the observation room Dr. Chinstrap and his partner analyze some printouts
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,What the hell is going on?!
Insheeption,Partner,The counselor's flat top readers are calculating with the boy's and the sheep hoarder's.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Oh Jesus.
Insheeption,Randy,What does that mean?
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,It means Mr. Mackey's childhood regression dream is... so vivid it actually sucked the other two patients into it.
Insheeption,Randy,What?!
Insheeption,Partner,I'm afraid your son has gone into his counselor's dream.
Insheeption,Randy,"Aw come on, that's stupid. How's that, how's that even possible?"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"It's not stupid at all! Pinkerton, you explain the logic and I'll provide the background."
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"Alright. [walks up to Randy and Sharon] Look, it is possible to enter into someone else's dreams. [Dr. Chinstrap begins a musical accompaniment] Send dream trackers to go into a person's subconscious, like a spy seeing their dreams as they see them. Perhaps even planting ideas. If one person is regressing deeply enough, the dream can actually envelop those dreaming around the first person I talked about who's dreaming! And then, everyone in the dream would be in danger of never coming back. [Dr. Chinstrap ends his accompaniment at the same time]"
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Mackey's dream. Mackey runs into his bedroom, which is strewn with toys popular in the '70s."
Insheeption,Mackey,"Yay, my bedroom! Yep, this is my happy place, m'kay?"
Insheeption,Stan,Mr. Mackey.
Insheeption,Mackey,"[sees his Lite Brite, runs to work on it, and sings] Lite Brite, making things with light. What a sight, making things with Lite Brite, m'kay."
Insheeption,Stan,"Mr. Mackey, what are you doing?"
Insheeption,Mackey,"Well this is a Lite Brite, m'kay. I can make things with light, like um, birds, m'kay, clowns, m'kay."
Insheeption,Stan,"Come on, dude, you've gotta wake up!"
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh yeah, my Evel Knievel doll! [goes to his dresser and grabs it] I can take the motorcycle, hm'kay, I put it on this thing, like this. [puts the motorcycle on the little ramp] Okay now crank it back, and now I let go. [releases the motorcycle, which zooms across the room and does a wheelie. Mackey giggles with excitement] Okay. Okay."
Insheeption,Stan,"Mr. Mackey, I realize this might be fun for you, but it totally isn't for me."
Insheeption,Mackey,"Hey, look what's on! It's ZOOM!"
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"Excuse me, I really need to get back to my sheep."
Insheeption,Stan,I'm working on it!
Insheeption,Mackey,"[Singing along with the TV] Write Zoom Z Double O M Box 350 Bos-ton Mass. Oooh two ooone three fouuur, m'kay!"
Insheeption,Stan,"[walks up to Mackey and turns him around] Dude, please wake up! You're a grown man in a psychiatrist's office! [something hits Mackey's window and he goes to see what it was. He sees Billy on the sidewalk with his friends]"
Insheeption,Billy,"You can hide in your house for now, Mackey, but tomorrow is the field trip! Frisco Woods! And I'm gonna do things to you you'll never forget!"
Insheeption,Mackey,"No, uh Billy, please, uh-kay? I'm really sorry about the smoking thing, uh."
Insheeption,Billy,"See you in the woods tomorrow, dead man! [walks away with his friends]"
Insheeption,Mackey,[turns away from the window] Oh Jesus...
Insheeption,Stan,Is that why we're here? Did something really bad happen on the field trip?
Insheeption,Mackey,"Yeah, it's probably gonna be bad, m'kay. [looks away]"
Insheeption,Scene Description,The lab. The patients continue dreaming and moaning
Insheeption,Stan,Oh-Ohhhhhhh.
Insheeption,Mr. Mackey,"Ohhhhhhh, m'kay."
Insheeption,Scene Description,The observation room
Insheeption,Randy,"What kind of hoarding specialist are you?! You trapped our son in his counselor's subconscious, and now you're saying he could die in there?!"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Believe me, this is the last thing I wanted to have happen."
Insheeption,Randy,That does it! [goes into the lab]
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,What are you doing?!
Insheeption,Randy,"I'm goin' in! [pulls up a couch next to Stan's] If they're locked into his regression, then maybe I can be too!"
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Are you crazy?! Mackey is in a very unstable state!
Insheeption,Randy,Damn your incongruities! [hooks himself up] I'm goin' in after my son!
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,It's a dream world where Mackey can imagine himself to be anything. It's dangerous!
Insheeption,Randy,I said get me in there!
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Alright, you wanna risk your ass?! Fine! [snaps into a soothing rush job] You see a cloud, it's a fluffy cloud, floating, happy, happy fluffy cloud. You reach out to it."
Insheeption,Randy,Ahhh.
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Next day, the field trip"
Insheeption,Bus Driver,"Alright kids, everyone on the bus."
Insheeption,Stan,"Wait wait, where the hell are we now?"
Insheeption,Mackey,It's the day of the big field trip.
Insheeption,Billy,"[from the bus window] Come on, Mackey. We're waitin' for ya."
Insheeption,Mackey,Oh Jesus.
Insheeption,Stan,"Mr. Mackey, you have to wake up! I don't belong here! I need to have my own regression therapy!"
Insheeption,Bus Driver,Everyone on the bus now! We're runnin' late!
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"Excuse me, I'm actually a sheep herder."
Insheeption,Driver,"It's pronounced ""hoarder,"" young man, and if you are you should talk to the school counselor about it! [shoves him into the bus]"
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,"Yes, but I, I'm so- wah- um."
Insheeption,Stan,"Please, I don't wanna go on your field trip, Mackey."
Insheeption,Randy,Stan? [Stan looks around] Stan!
Insheeption,Stan,Dad? Is that you?
Insheeption,Randy,"Yes, it's me, Stan."
Insheeption,Stan,Where are you?
Insheeption,Randy,It's me! Up here! [Stan looks up and sees him] I'm a butterfly!
Insheeption,Stan,"The hell are you doing, dad?"
Insheeption,Randy,I'm flying free with my beautiful butterfly wings!
Insheeption,Stan,Did you come here to help me?
Insheeption,Randy,"I was gonna, but ooh! This is fun!"
Insheeption,Stan,"Dad, you gotta stop Mackey and bring us back to reality!"
Insheeption,Randy,"Butterflies have no concern for such things, Stan. I'm gonna go find me some butterly poon."
Insheeption,Stan,DAD!
Insheeption,Scene Description,"in the lab, Randy is smiling"
Insheeption,Randy,[moaning happily] Aah ahhh aha ahhh.
Insheeption,Stan,[moaning in frustration] Aaaaaagh!
Insheeption,Scene Description,The observation room. Pinkerton checks the printouts
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"Uh oh, something's wrong."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,What is it?!
Insheeption,Pinkerton,The father. He's gone completely off chart.
Insheeption,Sharon,Off chart? What does that mean?
Insheeption,Pinkerton,We don't even know.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,I told him not to go into the dream after his son. He should have waited for the experts to get here.
Insheeption,Sharon,"Who are the experts? [five men shooting guns enter the observation room, and one of them goes down with a gunshot wound]"
Insheeption,Leonardo DiCaprio,Get that door closed! Keep me covered! [the expert in striped shirt shuts the door]
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Ah good, you're here."
Insheeption,DiCaprio,What's the sitch?!
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Four people, in there, all stuck in the middle one's dream."
Insheeption,Expert 1,We need to move them all to the next dream level before the projections kill them!
Insheeption,Sharon,What next dream level?
Insheeption,DiCaprio,Alright look. Right now they're all trapped in a dream. [Dr. Chinstrap resumes the accompaniment] We need to go in and put them under so they can go into a dream within a dream.
Insheeption,Sharon,Why?
Insheeption,Expert 1,[Black Suit (Arthur)] Because in the dream within a dream we can protect them from getting to limbo.
Insheeption,Sharon,What's that?
Insheeption,Expert 2,[in striped shirt (Eames)] Empty scary dreamspace.
Insheeption,Sharon,So like a nightmare?
Insheeption,Expert 3,"[African-American (Yusef)] No, like a nightmare within a nightmare!"
Insheeption,Sharon,Why can't you wake up from that?
Insheeption,Expert 1,"You can, but someone inside the dream has to kick you awake from the nightmare!"
Insheeption,Sharon,That doesn't sound very difficult.
Insheeption,Expert 1,It is!
Insheeption,Sharon,Why?
Insheeption,Expert 4,Arrgh.
Insheeption,Expert 1,We don't have time for this!
Insheeption,Sharon,"Uh okay, fine. So you're gonna take my son to a dream within a dream, and then what?"
Insheeption,Expert 1,Then we go into your husband's dreams!
Insheeption,Sharon,Okaaay...
Insheeption,DiCaprio,But your husband will think we're in Hasselbeck's dream.
Insheeption,Sharon,"Okay, wait. Who's Hasselbeck?"
Insheeption,Hasselbeck,I am.
Insheeption,Sharon,"Okay. Wait, no. Why do we need a football player?"
Insheeption,DiCaprio,"Sometimes, thoughts of my dead wife manifest themselves as trains!"
Insheeption,Sharon,Are you all saying that you can go into a dream and take people in that dream into their own dream?
Insheeption,DiCaprio,"Not all the time, just this once. And maybe one other time."
Insheeption,Expert 1,It's so complex and cool.
Insheeption,Sharon,Just because an idea is overly convoluted and complex doesn't make it cool! Going to multiple dream levels sounds like a really stupid idea!
Insheeption,DiCaprio,You just don't get it 'cause you're not smart enough. Let's move! [the five experts and Hasselbeck enter the lab and hook themselves up]
Insheeption,Sharon,Will they be able to wake Mackey up?
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"If they don't, it'll be the end of Europe as we know it."
Insheeption,Sharon,Why?
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Because.
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Frisco Woods, day. The class has arrived at its destination"
Insheeption,Ranger Pete,"Hello kids, my name is Ranger Pete."
Insheeption,Class,Hi Ranger Pete.
Insheeption,Mackey,"Hi Ranger Pete, m'kay."
Insheeption,Ranger Pete,Today we're gonna be learning all about these amazing evergreens and this fragile ecosystem.
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh that should be fun, m'kay. [looks at Billy, who looks back and punches his right palm with his left fist. His voice trembles] Ahhhh..."
Insheeption,Ranger Pete,But first we have a very special guest. It's Woodsy Owl. [Woodsy !Owl skips into view]
Insheeption,Mackey,Oh boy! Woodsy Owl!
Insheeption,Stan,Who's that?
Insheeption,Mackey,"""Give a hoot, don't pollute,"" m'kay."
Insheeption,Woodsy Owl,"Hi, I'm Woodsy Owl, remindin' you all to please pick up your trash, and keep our forests clean. In the city or in the woods,"
Insheeption,Mackey,"Help keep Americaaa lookin' good, m'kay. [claps] Oh, boy I love that song."
Insheeption,Ranger Pete,"Alright kids, time to split up and go into the forest. Let's divide you all up into groups of six."
Insheeption,Billy,We wanna be in Mackey's group!
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh no, that that's m'kay. We'll uh we'll get paired with someone else uh."
Insheeption,Ranger Pete,That's fine. You six boys can team up and be our first group in.
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh no, oh God here it comes, unkay? [Stan looks at the ranger, then hears gunfire, so he turns to see where it's from. The group of experts is seen chasing and shooting at Butterfly Randy]"
Insheeption,DiCaprio,"Is this the dream, or the dream within the dream?"
Insheeption,Expert 2,I think it's the dream inside the Matrix inside the dream!
Insheeption,DiCaprio,Oh well. Just keep shooting!
Insheeption,Stan,What the fuck?
Insheeption,Scene Description,The lab. All the patients moan and ahhh
Insheeption,An Expert,Mommy? Mommy?
Insheeption,Scene Description,"The observation room. Pinkerton, Dr. Chinstrap, and Sharon are now accompanied by several firefighters, and they all observe the patients"
Insheeption,Fire Captain,[turns to Dr. Chinstrap] So you're saying that all those people in there are somehow trapped in one person's dream?
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"Yes, and so that's why I called the fire department. I don't know where else to turn."
Insheeption,Fireman 1,"But, wait, if those people got stuck in there, why wouldn't we?"
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"It's very simple: You see, [Dr. Chinstrap provides accompaniment once again] when the dream experts go in, they attempt to take the subject to a dream within a dream."
Insheeption,Fireman 1,Like a taco within a taco?
Insheeption,Fire Captain,A double-decker taco supreme.
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"Exactly. But only dream spies have the ability to go deeper into dream levels, and firemen have the ability to bring ladders into other people's dreams."
Insheeption,Fire Captain,"Wait wait whoa whoa, how can you take a ladder into a dream? [Dr. Chinstrap continues his accompaniment, this time pulling a lamb by its tail and including its bleat]"
Insheeption,Pinkerton,Because the firemen dreams aren't like dreams at all. They're more like a dream within a matrix within a dream.
Insheeption,Pizza Man,Somebody order a pizza?
Insheeption,Pinkerton,No.
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,Probably one of them in the dream.
Insheeption,Pizza Man,"[determined] Alright, I'm goin' in. [goes into the lab. He goes to the first expert's couch, lays down next to him, and hooks himself up]"
Insheeption,Pinkerton,"Look, if we can get the fire department into the counselor's dream, then we can jump everyone down at least another six dream levels. That way we'll be in the counselor's deepest level of subconscious."
Insheeption,Dr. Chinstrap,"And it will be like a taco, inside a taco, within a Taco Bell, that's inside a KFC, within a mall, that's INSIDE YOUR BRAIN! [provides his own accompaniment]"
Insheeption,Scene Description,"Frisco Woods, a pleasant scene. A butterfly sits on a leaf doing nothing when Randy descends on it and starts humping it. Soon, Mackey runs by and both butterflies fly away separately. Stan and Mr. Yelman chase Mackey"
Insheeption,Mackey,"Aaaaaah! Not again, m'kay! Aaaaaah!"
Insheeption,Stan,"Mr. Mackey, stop running!"
Insheeption,Mackey,"But, but they're gonna kick my butt, m'kay! [stops briefly, then runs again] They're gonna kick it bad!"
Insheeption,Stan,"Look, dude! [catches up to Mackey and stops him] Whatever happened with those bullies, you just have to stop running and face it! It's just a dream dude! You can control what happens. Stand up to them this time."
Insheeption,Mackey,"I know what about? I don't remember what they did. I just remember the field trip being really bad, okay."
Insheeption,Billy,There he is! You can't run forever!
Insheeption,Mackey,"Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god... [Mr. Yelman catches up]"
Insheeption,Stan,"Mr. Mackey, go, and face it! Please. So that we can get out of here and find out why we're hoarding."
Insheeption,Mr. Yelman,But I literally herd sheep.
Insheeption,Stan,Shut up!
