Smug Alert!,Scene Description,Mr. Mackey is parked amid a small crowd
Smug Alert!,Mr. Mackey,"Well from now on, I'm only going to associate with other hybrid-car drivers. Everyone else is just ignorant, m'kay?"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,Two drivers going the same direction
Smug Alert!,Driver 1,"[eyes closed, thumb up] Good for you!"
Smug Alert!,Driver 2,"[eyes closed, thumb up] Thanks!"
Smug Alert!,Randy,"[eyes closed, thumb up] At least we're smart enough to know better!"
Smug Alert!,Driver 3,"[leans out and looks back, eyes closed, thumb up] Thanks! [the street is now filled with hybrids]"
Smug Alert!,Stan,"Come on, everybody be people now"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"South Park Town Square, day. The stage is set up for a speech. On the curtains is a banner with a flag over it. The banner reads: WAKE UP AMERICA!"
Smug Alert!,Speaker,And so we are here to honor Stan Marsh for making South Park the city with the highest percentage of hybrid owners in the country! [the crowd cheers]
Smug Alert!,Richard,If only the rest of the country [closes his eyes] was as insightful as we are.
Smug Alert!,Stan,"[steps up and holds his trophy] Ah, thanks. I was really just trying to make it so my friend can move back here so... if you don't mind, I'm gonna try to get a hold of him now. [steps down and walks off the stage. The crowd cheers]"
Smug Alert!,Jimbo,Great speech!
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"Yeah, well, you know my son is just [closes his eyes] a little bit more clever than some."
Smug Alert!,An officer,"[stops Stan as Stan steps onto solid ground] Hello there, I'm Ranger McFriendly. I'm the person who watches over the delicate ecosystem of South Park. You must be the little boy who wrote that song."
Smug Alert!,Stan,Yeah.
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,Uhh! [smacks Stan on the left cheek enough to spin his head around]
Smug Alert!,Stan,Ow!
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,You son of a bitch! Do you have any idea what you've done?!
Smug Alert!,Stan,What?!
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,Come with me! [walks off. Stan follows]
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,Ranger McFriendly and Stan walk to the top of a hill overlooking the town
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,There! Look! [a dark brown cloud is showing hovering over the town]
Smug Alert!,Stan,Smog? There's never been smog over South Park before.
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"Don't you get it?! When people drive hybrid cars, they get so full of themselves they spew tons of self-satisfied garbage into the air! That isn't smog, it's smug!"
Smug Alert!,Stan,Smug?
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"Hybrid cars make better for emission levels, but people who drive hybrid cars are the leading cause of smug. You can have smug in the atmosphere, and you know what that leads to? Glodal laming! Thanks to your gay little song, South Park is now the second smuggiest city in America!"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,South Park breaking news. Awesome graphics
Smug Alert!,Announcer,This is a South Park News Weather Bulletin!
Smug Alert!,Anchor Tom,It looks like we have a smug alert here in South Park. Our own Keenan Williams has the details. Keenan?
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"[at the weather desk] Thanks, Tom, a smug alert is in effect at least tomorrow morning. [a map of Denver and surrounding areas] All those hybrid cars on the road have caused heavy smug to develop over most of Park and Jefferson Counties. On the national map, we can see smug over Denver and developing smug in Los Angeles. However, San Francisco is once again the smuggiest city in the country."
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"San Francisco, day. The scenes shown previously are repeated"
Smug Alert!,Singer,A smuggy day in San Francisco town.
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, housewarming party"
Smug Alert!,Paul,"Sheila, did you meet Gail and Brian?"
Smug Alert!,Sheila,"No! Hello, how are you?"
Smug Alert!,Gail,"Really good, really good. [she farts and quickly bends over to inhale it all]"
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"Hey there. Alan, right?"
Smug Alert!,Alan,"Actually, it's Alain"
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"Right right, w-would, would you like red or white wine?"
Smug Alert!,Alan,Can I just get an empty glass?
Smug Alert!,Gerald,Oh. Sure. [hands him an empty glass]
Smug Alert!,Alan,"Can you believe all these imbeciles in Texas? They just put another prisoner to death. [puts the glass to his ass and farts into it, then lifts the glass to his nose and inhales deeply]"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Kyle's room. Brian and Mindy are present with two other kids. All of them are on Ike's side of the room, two of them on Ike's bed, while Kyle and Ike are on Kyle's side, sitting on Kyle's bed."
Smug Alert!,Kyle,[hesitant at first] So... what do you do for fun?
Smug Alert!,Brian,We drink and take drugs.
Smug Alert!,Boy 1,Do you want some acid?
Smug Alert!,Kyle,"Oh, no thanks. We don't do that stuff."
Smug Alert!,Boy 2,You will. There's a reason most San Francisco kids take a lot of drugs.
Smug Alert!,Brian,It's the only thing that allows us to deal with our parents all walking around loving the smell of their own farts all the time.
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"Everything okay in here, Kyle?"
Smug Alert!,Kyle,"Yeah, fine, Dad."
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"So much better here with the intellectuals, isn't it, boys? [farts, then bends over and inhales his own fart] Wuhh [sniffs, rises and walks away] Mmmm."
Smug Alert!,Kyle,Well... maybe I'll take just half a hit of acid.
Smug Alert!,Ike,I want three.
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Butters and Cartman are playing a video game from Stan's sofa while Stan is on the phone"
Smug Alert!,Stan,"No, no, I'm asking if there's a listing for Broflovski in San Francisco! They just moved there!"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"Haha! Take that, Jew boy! I guess you Heebs can't even play video football!"
Smug Alert!,Butters,"[giggles] Yeah. You're right. [Cartman stops for a few seconds, then drops his controller]"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"You know Butters, you make for a lousy Jew."
Smug Alert!,Butters,"Well I'm sorry. Well it's just that I'm not Jewish, and now th-"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"No, no! Don't apologize, you asshole!"
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,[barging in] Marsh!
Smug Alert!,Stan,"Oh crap, Ranger McFriendly."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,Who?
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,You'd better come with me to the news station! Our situation just got a lot worse!
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"South Park News station, later. Stan looks over Keenan's shoulder as McFriendly, Cartman and Butters look on"
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"I noticed it on the computer this morning. Look here. [a satellite map is shown, with a closeup window over it. There's smug everywhere] This is the smug over South Park. It's... getting bigger and gaining strength."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,[clearly doesn't know what's happening] The smug?
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"The smug is getting so massive that it's moving west... and fusing with the San Francisco smug... Here. [points to the smug over the California-Nevada border, near Reno] These two smug clouds are combining, fueling each other. [moves his hand over the hurricane-like formation over the Nevada-Utah border] Now take a look at this. [moves his hand towards Southern California. A small cell is moving northward]"
Smug Alert!,Stan,What is that?
Smug Alert!,Keenan,It's the smug from George Clooney's acceptance speech at the Academy Awards.
Smug Alert!,Stan,George Clooney's acceptance speech?
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"Did you hear it? He talked about how people in Hollywood are ahead of the curve on social mattes. He even took credit for the Civil Rights movement -Look!! The point is... the smug from his acceptance speech has been slowly drifting north since he gave it... and is headed straight for the super cell. The South Park and San Francisco smug is already at critical mass. If it gets hit by George Clooney's acceptance speech, it will be a disaster of epic proportions. The perfect storm... of self-satisfaction."
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,We've got to tell the townspeople! South Park still has a chance to make it through the storm!
Smug Alert!,Stan,What about San Francisco?
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"[with gravity] Kid, thanks to your gay little song, there's not gonna be a San Francisco."
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"South Park Square, day. A town meeting has again been called, this time for storm preparation. Ranger McFriendly is talking"
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"Soo, that's it people. [a different map showing the various smugs is shown, with an arrow going from Clooney's smug to the center of the super cell] When the smug from George Clooney's speech hits the San Francisco and South Park smug, we're gonna witness a storm the likes of which we've never seen."
Smug Alert!,Randy,Are you trying to tell us the smug from our hybrids is actually gonna kill us all?
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"If the smug clouds remain the way they are, yes. [the crowd grasps, then people begin talking about it]"
Smug Alert!,Jimbo,This is all Stan's fault! He wrote that gay little song and got us to drive those damned hybrids!
Smug Alert!,Randy,"Yeah. Good going, stupid!"
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"Listen! Though we all agree this is Stan's fault, there is still something we can do. If we all work together to reduce smugness, we might be able to lessen the effects of the storm, at least here in our own town."
Smug Alert!,Stephen,Then that's it. There's only one way to reduce smugness. We've gotta destroy every hybrid car in town! [the crowd responds vigorously to the plan]
Smug Alert!,Jimbo,Everyone get your hybrid and meet at Dawson's! [Stan turns left and walks away]
Smug Alert!,Randy,"Hey, where do you think YOU're going?!"
Smug Alert!,Stan,[stops and turns to face the crowd] I'm gonna try and warn Kyle to get out of San Francisco.
Smug Alert!,Randy,Oh no you're not! Your gay little song got us to drive hybrids; you're gonna help us get rid of 'em!
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,How long do we have until the smug clouds collide?
Smug Alert!,Keenan,Not long. The smug from George Clooney's Academy Awards Acceptance Speech has already crossed into Arizona.
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"The Arizona desert, day. The smug is shown floating over a desert road. Dusty and Sons gas station is shown. The smug is quickly approaching the station."
Smug Alert!,Attendant,"The hell is that? [The cloud goes over the station. As it goes over, clips of George Clooney's Academy Awards Acceptance Speech issue from within, ending with ""Oscar winner, George Clooney, sexiest man alive""]"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"San Francisco, day. Cartman and Butters are at the city limit, having planned to rescue Kyle. Cartman puts on a pressurized suit with a long umbilical cord"
Smug Alert!,Butters,"Wow, Eric. You sure are a great guy for doing this."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,[puts on the gloves] I don't have a choice. Somebody has to get into San Francisco and warn Kyle's family to get out before the storm hits.
Smug Alert!,Butters,But... how come we can't just take the bus on into the city?
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"You don't know San Francisco, Butters. [zips the suit up] It was the breeding ground for the hippie movement in the 60s. Those hard-core liberals, lesbian activists, and die hard modern hippies young and old. [turns around and sighs] I swore I would never set foot in San Francisco. God help me. [reaches down, picks up the helmet, and puts it on, locks it in place, and pressurizes the suit. Communication resumes through the intercom] All right, Butters, I'll be tethered to you through this cord. It's my only lifeline, so make sure it stays taut. If you stop hearing my voice, for the love of Christ, start reeling me in with all your strength."
Smug Alert!,Butters,"[adjusts his headset] I will. You're really great for going to warn Kyle, Eric."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"I'm not doin' it for Kyle. [turns around] I can't believe I'm actually going to walk through San Francisco. Well, here it goes. [begins to walk slowly and deliberately into the city]"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Dawson's Junkyard, day. Hybrid cars are awaiting destruction. The camera focuses on a green one, which is soon lifted away by a massive electromagnet. Inside a small room, Stan mans the controls. Mr. Mackey and Stan's parents look on as Ranger McFriendly guides Stan"
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"All right. All right, now get it into the masher! Hurry up!"
Smug Alert!,Stan,Can't somebody else operate this? I can't really reach.
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"Well then you shouldn't have written that gay little song, shouldn't you have?! [The green hybrid is now over the masher, and Stan releases it. Moments later, a cube of twisted green metal slides out and drops onto the ground] Keenan, we've gotten rid of half the hybrid cars! How are the smug levels?!"
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"They're dropping, slowly, but... but we're running out of time!"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,San Francisco. Cartman is now in the Haight-Ashbury district. People look and move on
Smug Alert!,Man,"Yeah, it's like, San Francisco is more of a European city, like Paris or Milan."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"[checking in] Butters, are you there?!"
Smug Alert!,Butters,"[making sure the cord is taut] I'm here, Eric."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,I've started to enter the smug. I'm about a quarter mile in. Can you give me an EL?
Smug Alert!,Butters,[now reading a map] You must be nearing Union Square. Did you see a fountain to your left?
Smug Alert!,Cartman,Yes. It's just beyond yet another wine and cheese store.
Smug Alert!,Butters,"Wait, uhh, eh take your next right. You've got to start heading west."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,Turning right at O two four niner. [turns right at the corner and continues walking]
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Dawson's Junkyard, day. Stan is still manning the controls. He drops a red hybrid into the masher, and a cube of twisted red metal slides out and drops onto the ground"
Smug Alert!,Randy,That's it. That's that the last one.
Smug Alert!,Ranger McFriendly,"Keenan? Keenan, we've smashed the last hybrid!"
Smug Alert!,Keenan,"Harry, the smug from Clooney's speech is about to hit the other smug system! Get everyone inside! [the townsfolk hear the warning and run around all over the place. Keenan says softly, deeply] God help us."
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Over northeast Nevada, the speech's smug nears the supercell. From the ground, the smug is seen floating along quickly, reciting Clooney's speech. It runs into the super cell and stops talking. Immediately, lightning envelopes the super cell and spreads to San Francisco and South Park"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"San Francisco, under the Perfect Storm of Self-Satisfaction. Stuff begins to roll down the street on which Kyle lives. Cartman approaches his house"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"Butters?! Butters, I think I'm here! 2419 Castillo?!"
Smug Alert!,Butters,"That's it! Eric, hurry! Somethin's goin' on out here!"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house. Gerald and Sheila are thoroughly spent from the party, so they don't take notice of the storm outside. Cartman opens the door and the sound of thunder fills the house"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"Mr. Broflovski! Mr. Broflovski, there a smug storm! We have to go!"
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"[Slowly, blissfully] Being smug is a good thing. [farts in his armchair, bends down to inhale it]"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,Oh my CHRIST! [runs up to Kyle's room and kicks the door open. Kyle and Ike are as wasted as Gerald and Sheila are. They sit on the floor with their backs against Ike's bed] Kyle? Kyle!
Smug Alert!,Kyle,"The acid. Dude, I'm totally tripping balls."
Smug Alert!,Ike,I'm totally tripping balls. I'm totally tripping balls.
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"[trying to shake Kyle to his senses] We have to get out of here! Now! [lightning strikes the house, which begins to burn. The lights begin to flicker, and the camera zooms in on Cartman, who continues shaking Kyle] Kyle! Kyle!! [the screen goes black]"
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Fade in to South Park, the morning after. People begin cleaning up. The storm dealt a heavy blow to South Park"
Smug Alert!,Network anchor,"And now, the worst appears to be over. Last night's smug storm... has left thousands homeless. All across the Midwest, people are picking up the pieces. Cities like Denver and South Park are heavily damaged, but still all right. However, San Francisco, I'm afraid... has disappeared completely up its own asshole."
Smug Alert!,Stan,No...
Smug Alert!,Randy,"I'm sorry, Stan. I'm sorry your gay little song killed your friend."
Smug Alert!,Clyde,"Hey! Hey, Stan! You're not gonna believe it! You've gotta come see!"
Smug Alert!,Stan,What?
Smug Alert!,Clyde,It's a miracle!
Smug Alert!,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. The Broflovskis are back in town, safe and sound and glad to see everyone. Everyone marvels at their return. The Marshes arrive. Stan spots Kyle and runs up to him"
Smug Alert!,Stan,Kyle!
Smug Alert!,Kyle,Hey Stan.
Smug Alert!,Stan,"Dude, what happened?? [grins]"
Smug Alert!,Gerald,We don't know. We were all passed out and... next thing we know we just woke up on a bus heading here.
Smug Alert!,Mr. Mackey,"It's like you had a guardian angel, m'kay? [Butters looks to Cartman for any reaction. Cartman puts his left index finger to his mouth, indicating that Butters should keep his mouth shut about this]"
Smug Alert!,Stan,"[gives Kyle a brief hug] Dude, I'm so glad you're not dead."
Smug Alert!,Richard,So I guess there's nothing left to do now but... rebuild.
Smug Alert!,Randy,"Yeah. First off, we're all gonna need new cars."
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"And let's make sure nobody gets a stupid hybrid, right? [everyone seems to agree and discusses it...]"
Smug Alert!,Kyle,NO! Hybrid cars are a good thing!
Smug Alert!,Mr. Mackey,"But hybrid cars are the leading cause of smug, m'kay?"
Smug Alert!,Kyle,"Hybrid cars don't cause smugness, people do. [silent reactions all around] Look, hybrid cars are important. They may even save our planet one day. What you all need to do is just learn to drive hybrids and not be smug about it."
Smug Alert!,Randy,You mean... drive in hybrids... but not act like we're better than everyone else because of it.
Smug Alert!,Kyle,Yeah!
Smug Alert!,Randy,I'm... [puts his hands over his lower belly] I'm not ready...
Smug Alert!,Gerald,I don't think I can do it either.
Smug Alert!,Mr. Mackey,It's simply asking too much.
Smug Alert!,Randy,"Perhaps... one day... we can learn to drive hybrids without being smug about it, but for now... the technology is just too much for us."
Smug Alert!,Gerald,"Come on, everybody! Let's go buy wasteful gas guzzlers! [everyone likes the idea; they all disperse]"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"[walks up to Kyle] Well, looks like you're back for good, huh Kyle?"
Smug Alert!,Kyle,"Yeah, I guess so."
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"We just can't get rid of you, can we, you sneaky Jew rat!"
Smug Alert!,Kyle,"Don't belittle my people, you fucking fatass! [turns and walks away angry]"
Smug Alert!,Cartman,"Ah, that's better. [smiles]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Stan's bedroom, night. Sharon is seated on his bed and is reading to him from a book called ""The Bubble Gum Prince In The Land Of Chocolate."" Stan looks up at her, half-asleep and smiling"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sharon,"But the Bubble Gum Prince wasn't afraid. He knew that the Land of Chocolate was safe forever and ever. [Stan's eyelids shut themselves and his left arm falls a bit. He's asleep. Sharon rises from the bed and bends down.] Goodnight my little angel. [kisses him on the forehead, turns out the lamp and closes the door on her way out. Moments later, the door flies off its hinges and a frantic Randy runs in with two large plastic water bottles]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,STAAAN!!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,[awakens and looks around as the lights come on] What?? What??
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"Get up! Get your shoes on! Gotta get out of here! MOOVE! [brings the shoes over, but yanks Stan along before Stan has a chance to put them on. As they go down the hall, Randy stops to get a vase and toss the flowers out.] Take this!! [hands the vase to Stan] We've gotta bring all the water we can!! [Shelly opens her door and steps out] Shelly, go get my gun!!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Shelly,Whats going on dad?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,JUST GET THE GUN!! [runs down the hall and down the stairs. Sharon comes out of the master bedroom running while putting her coat on.]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Stan's house, front, night. The family exits. Randy has a sleeping bag"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"Unh, come on! [the camera switches to a wider view and shows everyone running around with all manner of items in hand. A man carrying a large first-aid kit trips and moans in pain]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Man,AWWWGH!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Woman,Oh nooo! [Stan sees Kyle in the crowd with his family]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,Kyle! What the hell is going on this time?!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,I have no idea!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"a red car runs into a light pole and its driver flies out through the windshield, ending up either unconscious or dead. A man breaks the display window at Tele's and runs off with a small TV. The community center has its doors open and people run inside it"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Man,Take cover in the community center again!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"The community center, inside. People try to find places on which to bed down for the night. A nake redhead runs around aimlessly"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Jimbo,"All right, everyone get in and get a seal on that door!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Linda,"Oh my God, Stephen, we've left Butters. [moves to find him. Stephen stops her]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stephen,"We can't go back out, Linda! It's too late for him!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Dad? [Randy is cutting duct tape into several equal-length strips] Dad, what the hell is going on?! [Randy stands up and faces the boys. Behind him, Mr. Mackey and a man in a raincoat set up a TV]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,A cartoon...! A cartoon is about to air on American television with... with the Muslim prophet Mohammad as a character! [Stan and Kyle look at each other and blink]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,So?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"SO?! Stanley, Mohammad is sacred to the Muslim people. [people around them begin to pay attention] Ever since those cartoons in Denmark, the rules have changed. Nobody shows an image of Mohammad anymore."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Gerald,[approaching in his pajamas] Which cartoon is it? What cartoon'll be so insensitive as to have Mohammad as a character?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,Who do you think?! The cartoon that's always pushing buttons with their careless toilet humor! Family Guy!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Crowd,AWWW!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Jimbo,How could Family Guy do that?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,Why would Family Guy so blatantly insult Muslims?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,Because Family Guy doesn't care who they insult! They only care about their... precious money!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Oh come on, people. You really think anybody's gonna be that pissed off about a cartoon??"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mr. Mackey,Wu-we've got the TV working! [the picture comes into focus]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"South Park News 4, Anchor Tom reporting"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Tom,"Once again, a cartoon depicting the Muslim prophet Mohammad is set to air tonight on Family Guy!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sharon,"Oh Randy, hold me. [Randy holds her]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Tom,"The news has already sparked a shockwave of protests throughout the Muslim world. [Live footage is shown - a crowd holds an American flag aloft and someone sets it on fire] All over the Middle East, Muslims are burning American flags and Family Guy posters. Muslim terrorist al-Zawahri made this statement:"
Cartoon Wars Part I,al-Zawahri,"[translated] We are so super pissed off at 'Family Guy'. 'Family Guy' isn't even that funny of a show. A jihad on 'Family Guy', and the 'Family Guy' nation!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Linda,So what happens now?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"We stay here through the night, wait it out to see if they do anything. If we're still alive in the morning, [dramatic closeup] then we'll know we're not dead."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. The sky is red as the sun rises. At the South Park Community Center, Mrs. Garrison opens the doors and looks out."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mrs. Garrison,It's okay! [everyone heads out]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,We're alive?? We're alive! [pumps his fists]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Jimbo,"[listening in on a boombox] Everyone. Everyone, listen. FOX Network censored the image of Mohammad at the last minute."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Crowd,Oh thank God.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"Well, it looks like we've dodged a bullet."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,They censored the image of Mohammad? How?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,I TIVO every episode. We can go to my house and see what they did.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, later. Kyle leads the boys to the front door running and opens the door. They all go in"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,Kyle's living room. Kyle gets the TiVo remote and gets to work.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Okay you guys, check it out. [begins scanning the recorded programming]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,You TiVo every episode of Family Guy?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Dude, it's a good show."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Yeah, lots of people like Family Guy."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Yich. [Kyle has reached his target. The Family Guy living room is shown. Peter is in his armchair, the rest of the family is on the sofa]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Lois,"Peter, I can't believe you invited your old high-school sweetheart over for dinner."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,You think that's bad? Remember when I auditioned to be David Hasselhoff's car? [flashback #1]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,"Hey there, Knight Rider. [Michael Knight climbs onto Peter's shoulders and they're off]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Michael,"After those bad guys, KITT! [Peter smiles and his teeth glow like KITT's headlights used to]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Chris,"Yeah, but Dad, why would you invite an ex-girlfriend to dinner?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stewie,Perhaps he wants to make our mother nervous.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,Nervous? Like when I had to sell pancakes to the school soccer captain? [flashback #2]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,"[rings a doorbell. The captain answers, dressed as Capt. Kirk] Pancakes for you, Captain?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Soccer Captain,"I'll be the Captain, and you'll be Tenille. [rushes away and returns with a wig and pale blue dress for Peter to don. Moments later the captain is at a keyboard on the front lawn playing a Captain and Tenille tune as Peter sings]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,Love will keep us together
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Hehaha, heh."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,Yich.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Lois,"But Peter, I don't wanna cook dinner for your ex-girlfriend."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,"Well, maybe we can just have tea."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Brian,"You mean like the time you had tea with Mohammad, the prophet of the Muslim faith? [flashback #3]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,"Come on, Mohammad, let's get some tea. [Mohammad is covered by a black box with the words ""IMAGE CENSORED BY FOX"" printed several times from top to bottom inside the box. They stop at a tea stand.]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mr. T,"Try my ""Mr. T. ...tea."" [squints]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,"Oh boy, was that ever weird. Anyway, I can't believe I invited my old sweetheart to dinner. Huh."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,That's it? That's all they did?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Oh man, that's not cool! Seriously, that is not cool."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,What? What's the big deal?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"What's the big deal? You guys, they just made fun of the religion of an entire group of people. [Stan and Kyle look at each other in silence] What, you guys think that's okay?! Do you care at all about people's feelings?!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Since when you care about being sensitive to people's religion, Cartman?!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Yeah, you rip on people's religion all the time!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"That's different! I'm just a little boy! That's a cartoon! Millions of people watch it! How would you feel, Kyle, if there was a cartoon on television that made fun of Jews all the time?! Huh?!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,Uhhh...
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"I'm telling you guys, it's wrong! It's WRONG!! [turns and heads for the front door, then turns back and aims his index fingers at the other boys] It's wrong! [opens the door, heads out, and closes it behind him. Kyle's parents walk in from the kitchen with their survival gear]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,"Kyle? Kyle, what are you watching?!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Peter,"Hey Brian, this is like the time I got a job as a carrot cake."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,"Gaaah! It's Family Guy! Quick, Gerald, do something! [Gerald arrives with a bat and begins bashing the television set to bits]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Dad, Dad, Jesus Christ!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Gerald,[stops once the picture is gone] It's okay... it's dead.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,You boys know you're not supposed to watch that careless show!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Mom, it was nothing. Mohammad just stood there and then drank some tea."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,You boys don't understand anything! It's obvious that you ALL need Muslim-sensitivity training!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's class, day. Class is in session, and Mrs. Garrison is at the board"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mrs. Garrison,"Welcome to Muslim-Sensitivity Training. It is important for us to understand why the Muslim feel the way they do, and why we can never show an image of Mohammad."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"No, Muslims can't show an image of Mohammad."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mrs. Garrison,"Kyle, you're not being very sensitive."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Yeah, Kyle. Maybe you think this is funny, but the rest of us don't."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mrs. Garrison,"Let's all look at why Muslims are upset: [turns and picks up a stick of chalk] First of all, in the Muslim religion, you're not allowed to have what? [no response] Sex. Good. [writes ""NO SEX"" on the board] There's no sex until marriage in the Muslim world. [faces the class] Now, this would be fine except that in the Muslim religion you also can't... Anybody? [no response] Jack off. [writes ""NO JACKING OFF"" on the board] Okay, jacking it is strictly forbidden in the Muslim religion. [faces the class] And what do we know about the places Muslims live? They live in? [no response] Good, sand. [writes ""SAND"" on the board] Now put yourself in the shoes of a Muslim. It's Friday night, but you can't have sex, and you can't jack off. There's sand in your eyes and probably in the crack of your ass, and then some cartoon comes along from a country where people are getting laid, and mocks your prophet. Well you know what? I'd be pretty pissed off too!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Mrs. Garrison, that is ignorant and racist! Muslims are mad because of Family Guy, not because they can't jack off! Right, Wendy?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Wendy,[skeptically] ...yeah.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mr. Mackey,[over the school PA system] Attention students: Proceed to the school gymnasium immediately for an emergency announcement!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,The hell's going on now?!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"The school gym, moments later. The teachers gather behind Mr. Mackey and Principal Victoria as Mr. Mackey gets the TV working. The kids enter and are seated on the floor"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Principal Victoria,"Shh! Quiet, students, quiet!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"SNN special report. A graphic about ""FOX: CENSORED"" is over the reporter's left shoulder"
Cartoon Wars Part I,SNN anchor,"Once again, we have just learned that the Family Guy episode featuring Mohammad was only Part 1 of a two-parter! And Part 2 is going to air next week, with Mohammad uncensored!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,What?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mrs. Garrison,Why would they-?
Cartoon Wars Part I,SNN anchor,FOX Studios claims that the Family Guy writing staff has demanded the Mohammad character be seen in full view. [a shot of some townsmen watching the news at the bar] The head of FOX had this to say:
Cartoon Wars Part I,FOX President,"Family Guy is our biggest show. If they insist we don't censor their work, then we we can't."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,[angrily leaves his bar stool] FAMILY GUY!!! [throws his Corona bottle down; it shatters] I DAMN YOU TO HELL!!!
Cartoon Wars Part I,SNN anchor,"Once again, bitter riots have started in the Middle East; this time, even more massive. And terrorist leader al-Zawahri has issued a threat."
Cartoon Wars Part I,al-Zawahri,"[translated] Seriously, 'Family Guy' isn't even that well written. The jokes are all interchangeable and usually irrelevant to the plot. When this episode airs-our retaliation will be MASSIVE!!!!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mr. Mackey,Retaliation... Oh my God. M'kay?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, afternoon. The kids pour out the front doors"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,Goddamned Family Guy! Now they're just provoking people! It's like they want a holy war!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,Does this mean we don't have school all week?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"You guys, this is serious! We have to do something!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kenny,(Like what?)
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,We have to go to the FOX network in L.A. We have to go and... try to get that episode pulled. You guys with me?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Dude, we can't go anywhere. They've shut down the airports and the buses."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,Then we'll ride our Big Wheels.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,To Los Angeles?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"If that's what it takes, yes! We have to talk to the network! The Family Guy writers aren't gonna back down!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,Well good for them. They shouldn't! The writers are standing up and saying they aren't going to be intimidated!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Intimidated?! Is that what you think this is about, Kyle?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"All right dude, what the hell has gotten into you?! I don't trust for one second that your sudden concern for the Muslim people is real!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"All right, fine, Kyle. Forget the Muslim faith for a minute. People can get hurt. If ten people die because Family Guy just had to have their little joke, will you still think it's funny? [Kyle stifles an answer] What if a hundred people died? Will it be funny then, Kyle? [Kyle's jaw drops] I'm going to Los Angeles. I'm gonna do whatever I can to get that episode pulled before this gets out of hand. Somebody has to speak for the Muslim people. Somebody has to speak for what's right. [walks off]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, night. Kyle's asleep when his father bursts into the room"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Gerald,"Kyle! Kyle, wake up! [Sheila and Ike follow him in] We have to go! The terrorists are attacking!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Outside. Terrorists run around with rifles scaring everyone else, but the military gives chase"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,Dad? Are you sure this time?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Gerald,"This isn't a joke, Kyle! Bombs have already gone off in six cities!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,No!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,Wait a minute! [looks around and drops her stuff] Where's Ike?!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Gerald,[looks around and drops his stuff] He was just here! Ike!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Sheila,Ike! [Kyle goes back through the crowd to look for him]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,Ike? Iiike! [sees him] Ike! [Ike is heading for the ice cream shop]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Ike,Ice cream. And chocolate.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Ike! [points left] This way! [a flash of light fills the night, and Kyle shields his eyes from it. A bomb has gone off behind the ice cream shop and the shockwaves spread out, obliterating the row of stores before Ike.] Iiike! [races towards him. Ike is engulfed by the flames, flesh turning to bone]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Ike,[hauntingly] Kyyyle! [Kyle's flesh is consumed by the flames] Nooooo!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"[sits upright in his bed and is quite awake now. He catches his breath, then leaves his bed to check on Ike. He opens Ike's door and looks in. Ike is sound asleep under his mobile. Kyle lets out a soft sigh of relief]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, next day. He equips his Big Wheels with whatever he can take to keep him going for the trip to Los Angeles. Cheesy Poofs. Socks. Doughnuts... Kyle stops by on his own Big Wheels"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Come to try and stop me?! [...a bigger box of Cheesy Poofs...] It isn't gonna work. [...a can of Dr. Pep-er, a can of lemon-lime soda...]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"I didn't come to stop you. I... I think you're right, Cartman. I want to help you get the Family Guy episode pulled."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"[...Snacky Cakes...] Yeah well, I don't need a partner on this. [...another can of Dr. Pep-er...] Especially one who doesn't trust me. [seals his knapsack shut]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Look, Cartman, I don't know what's gotten into you, but... I I think it's pretty amazing. And I think it's real. You have to understand why I didn't believe you before."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"[turns around slowly] Yeah. I do understand, Kyle. I've been doing the wrong things for a long time. Doing things for my own selfish reasons. I just wanna do something right, you know? Just this one time."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"It's a long trip, dude. You're gonna need help. We can try and get the episode pulled together."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,You know we might not even make it into the studio.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"I know. But just like you, I feel like I have to try. People can really get hurt, and a joke just isn't worth that."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,So what made you change your mind?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,I got some sound advice... from an old friend. [they smile at each other. Cartman turns and hops onto his Big Wheels]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Well Kyle, we'd better get going."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"Yeah! [dramatic shots of Cartman getting on his Big Wheels, then of Kyle doing the same]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,Are you set?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,I'm set! Let's do this!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"All right, let's roll! [they ride off, slowly]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,Town meeting in one of the rooms in City Hall. Everyone is talking all at once
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mayor McDaniels,"People! People, quiet, please! [the crowd quiets down] We must not panic!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"Well what are we gonna do, Mayor?! Part 2 of the Family Guy episode airs in six days!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mayor McDaniels,I believe that Professor Thomas from the University has come up with a solution.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Prof. Thomas,"[steps up to the podium] Thank you, Mayor. [everyone sits] Now look, everyone, Muslim terrorists and extremists are threatening us for what Family Guy is going to do... because they've wrongly grouped us together. Our only hope is to make the Muslim extremists know... that we had no part in the Mohammad episode. That even though the episode aired, we didn't watch it, we didn't hear it, and we didn't talk about it."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Jimbo,So how do we do that?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Prof. Thomas,"We bury our heads. In sand. [flips a board over to reveal his plan for disavowing any knowledge of the episode] We take twenty to twenty-five dump trucks, fill them with sand from Monarch Lake, and then dump the sand along South Park Avenue. By using approximately eighteen dozen shovels, we can each dig a hole in the sand, stick our heads in the holes, and then have the person to our left bury them. If we can manage to get every person's head buried deep, deep in sand before the Mohammad episode airs, we could avoid looking like we're responsible for any part of this at all."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stephen,"No, no, wait a minute, [Mrs. Garrison looks at him] that's ridiculous. [Gerald looks at him] What we need to do is just the opposite. Freedom of speech is at stake here, don't you all see? [makes his way to the board] If anything, we should ALL make cartoons of Mohammad, and show the terrorists and the extremists that we are all united in the belief that every person has a right to say what they want! Look, people, it's... been real easy for us to stand up for free speech lately. For the past few decades we haven't had to risk anything to defend it. But those times are going to come! And one of those times is right now. And if WE... aren't willing to RISK... what we have, then we just believe in free speech, but we don't defend it. [the other people there mull this speech over...]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,I like the sand idea.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, me too."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Gerald,Yeah. The sand thing sounds a lot simpler. [everyone else agrees]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mayor McDaniels,"We're gonna need eight dozen shovels and sixteen tons of sand! Let's move, people!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Out in the desert during the day, Cartman and Kyle ride along. Cars pass them by"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"We got six days to make it to Los Angeles. If we keep our stops to a minimum, we should be able to get the episode pulled just in time."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Yes, and in just a few weeks from now, Family Guy will be off the air forever."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,[puzzled] Off the air? But... we're just going to try to get the Mohammad episode pulled.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"It's simple television economics, Kyle. All it takes to kill a show forever is get one episode pulled. If we convince the network to pull this episode for the sake of Muslims, then the Catholics can demand a show they don't like get pulled. And then people with disabilities can demand another show get pulled. And so on and so on, until Family Guy is no more! It's exactly what happened to Laverne & Shirley."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"[races ahead] Whoa whoa wait a minute! [pulls a hand brake so as to block Cartman, then gets off his Big Wheels] This isn't what I signed up for! I like Family Guy. Why do we have to get it off the air forever?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Because they made f-fun of Muslims, and and that's wrong."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,But that doesn't mean it has to go off the air. You should like that show. Your sense of humor is just like Family Guy.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"[gets off his Big Wheels, his anger sudden and strong, and walks up to Kyle] Don't you EVER, EVER, compare me to Family Guy! You hear me Kyle??!! Compare me to Family Guy again, and so help me I will kill you where you stand! [turns and goes back to his Big Wheels]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,[realizes Cartman's true intent] You unbelievable son of a bitch. You never cared about the Muslim religion. Or the safety of people in America. You just want Family Guy off the air.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Do you have any idea what it's like?! Everywhere I go, ""Hey Cartman, you must like Family Guy, right?"" ""Hey, your sense of humor reminds me of Family Guy, Cartman."" [turns and faces Kyle] I am NOTHING like Family Guy! When I make jokes, they are inherent to a story! Deep, situational and emotional jokes based on what is relevant and has a POINT! Not just one interchangeable joke after another!!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,What are you talking about?!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,I can't believe I let you scare me into taking your side. You used fear to make me stop believing in free speech.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,Well... I guess you won't be helping me now. No biggie. I don't NEED you to get the episode pulled! [begins to walk towards his Big Wheels]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,No! [moves to stop Cartman in his tracks] I am NOT letting you go to that television studio and pretend... to care about safety and sensitivity to get a show you don't like off the air!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Well then Kyle, I guess we- ...Oh my God, is that Tim McGraw?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"[turns around to see] What? [Cartman shoves him to the ground from behind and quickly gets on his Big Wheels, and peels away. Kyle gets up] CARTMAN! [gets on his Big Wheels and gives chase.]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,The highway. Kyle catches up to Cartman and then tries to run him off the road. Cartman recovers and Kyle tries again. Cartman pulls ahead and Kyle works on one of Cartman's back tires with his big front one. That gets Cartman to fishtail back and forth
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Kyle, stop it!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Cartman pulls ahead. Kyle can't catch up. A car goes by, and then Cartman gets an ingenious idea. He crosses the sandy median and continues down the highway the wrong way. Kyle decides to catch up with Cartman, so he crosses the median as well and pops up behind Cartman. Cartman looks over his shoulder at Kyle, then looks ahead, then looks in disbelief as a tanker truck barrels towards them"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,Holy Crap! [swerves to the right]
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,Ahhh!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"Kyle swerves to his left. The truck rolls by between them. The two of them line up again and continue riding. They pass a patrol car, which turns on its sirens and follows them. Both bikes and the cruiser fishtail down the highway"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Trooper,"Stay on 'em! [the fishtailing continues, but the patrol car loses control] Jesus, Mary! [the car falls back into the median, flips over backwards, and falls apart. Cartman and Kyle continue on as fast as possible towards the setting sun]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The sand has been brought in and is now being spread out, Mr and Mrs Tucker walk by with their son Craig; Mr Tucker holds a shovel"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Prof. Thomas,"If you have children, be sure to bury their heads in the sand before you bury your own. [the camera pans across as a row of residents already has their heads buried, with snorkels in place for undisturbed breathing. The camera stops at Stan.]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Dad, I don't wanna bury my head in the sand."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"It's the best say, Stanley. Did you eat your Fruit Roll-Up?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,Yeah.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"All right, make sure your snorkel is working. [Stan slips it on] All right, now get your head in the hole."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Stan,"Dad, this is stupid."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Randy,"Stanley, there's no time for your immaturity! Do it! [Stan dips his head into the hole and Randy quickly buries it] All right Sharon, now do me. [gives the thumbs-up sign, puts on the snorkel, and dips his head in the hole. Sharon buries his head]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Jimbo,"[approaches Prof. Thomas with Mrs. Garrison] Uh Professor, we all just thought of somethin'. If everyone has their head buried by the person standing to their left, then who's gonna bury the last person's head?"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Prof. Thomas,"Yes. I'm afraid one person is going to have to be last, and... not have his head in the sand."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Farmer,[steps forward through the crowd] I'll do it.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Wife,"[appears and tries to stop him] Dylan, no!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Prof. Thomas,"You realize by not burying your head in sand, you'll appear to be a part of the Family Guy audience."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Dylan,"Yes, I know."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Wife,"Dylan, please, you can't!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Dylan,"Somebody has to do it, Sarah. [strokes her hair and face] You run along now and you get your head in the sand. I'll be all right. [she looks at him, then cries uncontrollably into his shoulder. He looks at the professor] You have to understand... I'm all she has. [the other townsfolk look on for a few seconds]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Mrs. Garrison,[to Jimbo] Who are those people?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"The Highway. Cartman and Kyle continue racing towards Los Angeles. Kyle is closing in. Cartman looks back and opens his knapsack, unleashing everything he packed in there. Kyle gamely swerves to avoid it all. Cartman opens the big box of Cheesy Poofs and pours out the contents"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,"[begins losing control] No! [his Big Wheels go left and he can't brake] AAAAH! [he jumps off as he nears the edge of a cliff] AAAAH! [the Big Wheels goes over the edge and starts bouncing down the side of the cliff. At the first bounce, a rear wheel comes off. At the second bounce, Kyle's knapsack flies off. The rest bounces a few more times until it reaches the ground below, upside down. The Big Wheels explode. Kyle rises and looks down at the wreckage. He nurses an injured right shoulder]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"Hahahaha! So long, Kyle!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Kyle,You son of a bitch! I won't let you win! You hear me?!
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"[riding into the distance] Suck mah balls, Kyle! [Kyle sobs a little, then pounds his left fist into the sand along the side of the highway]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,"FOX STUDIOS, a heliport. A government helicopter emblazoned with the Presidential seal descends onto the heliport. FOX executives come out to greet the visitors. President Bush and Condoleeza Rice exit the helicopter with two Secret Service agents flanking them"
Cartoon Wars Part I,President Bush,Are you the network president?
Cartoon Wars Part I,FOX President,"Yes, Mr. President."
Cartoon Wars Part I,President Bush,"We need to discuss this Family Guy episode, Mr. President."
Cartoon Wars Part I,FOX President,"Mr. President, my hands are tied. The Family Guy writers insist I don't censor Mohammad."
Cartoon Wars Part I,President Bush,"But Mr. President, this is a matter of national security. They must be reasoned with."
Cartoon Wars Part I,FOX President,"Mr. President, there's something about the Family Guy writing staff I think you should know. [a close-up of Bush looking perplexed.]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Scene Description,End sequence. Cartman sneaks out from behind the Family Guy Studios sign with a gun and runs up to the front doors. He enters the writing room...
Cartoon Wars Part I,Announcer,Next week on South Park: The race continues. Cartman reaches the Family Guy Studio and learns the shocking secret behind the Family Guy writing staff.
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"[...and reaches a slow, undulating glowing light, judging from the reflection coming off him] This... explains everything."
Cartoon Wars Part I,Announcer,"As an entire nation buries its head in sand... [a city is shown with sand everywhere, with heads buried in the sand, snorkels out]"
Cartoon Wars Part I,SNN anchor,The idea has swept the nation! But where will we find enough sand for everyone?
Cartoon Wars Part I,Announcer,...and the battle between Good and Evil is finally waged...
Cartoon Wars Part I,Cartman,"[he and Kyle fight in a burning studio] Kyle, quit it! Stop it, Kyle!"
Cartoon Wars Part I,Announcer,"Will the cartoon be allowed to appear uncensored? Will Family Guy be destroyed??? Will television executives fight for free speech? Or will Comedy Central puss out? Tune in to see Part 2 of Family Guy, next week, on South Park!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"""Previously on South Park..."" SNN News is on the air..."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Announcer,Previously on South Park...
Cartoon Wars Part II,SNN anchor,"The popular cartoon, Family Guy, is going to show the image of Mohammad uncensored!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"a shot of the town hall, where the town has gathered to listen to emergency plans on dealing with Family Guy"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Prof. Thomas,"If we all bury our heads in sand, [a shot of the townsfolk with their heads in the sand] we can avoid being any part of this."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"a shot of the four boys in front of the school, before Cartman heads off to L.A."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,I'm gonna do whatever I can... to get that episode pulled before this gets out of hand.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,a shot of Kyle in the desert when he learns of Cartman's true intentions
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,You just want Family Guy off the air...
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,Kyle messes with Cartman's Big Wheels to slow him down. Cartman fishtails.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Kyle, stop it!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,A shot of both of them after Kyle loses his Big Wheels
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"So long, Kyle!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,You son of a bitch! I won't let you win!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,A shot of President Bush and of the FOX President
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"Mr. President, there's something about the Family Guy writing staff I think you should know. [a close-up of Bush looking perplexed.]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Announcer,"And now, the thrilling conclusion of... Cartoon Wars... will not be seen tonight! [""Special Presentation""] so that we can bring you this Terrance & Phillip Television Special [tooot! Terrance & Phillip... in... Mystery at the Lazy ""J"" Ranch. Terrance and Phillip are shown catching a blackhat in action]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"Lazy ""J"" Ranch, day. Terrance and Phillip ride their horses"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Phillip,"Say Terrance, isn't it wonderful having a holiday here at the Lazy ""J"" Ranch?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Terrance,"It sure is, Phillip. But I do believe this steer I'm riding has the farts. [the horse farts and its tail goes up like a flag. They both laugh.]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Phillip,"Oh, look who's coming! Isn't that Mohammad, the holy prophet of the Muslim religion? [Mohammad, covered with a ""CENSORED BY CBC"" box, rides up to them]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mohammad,"Hey guys, how's it going?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Terrance,"Hello Mohammad, we've read all aboat you in the Koran."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mohammad,I'm here to investigate a murder.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"Canadian Broadcasting Company, day. Terrance and Phillip stands to the opposite of the Network President in his office."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Terrance,"ALL RIGHT, JUST WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE??!!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Phillip,You censored out the image of Mohammad in our television special!!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Network President,Ey! You guys know the rules! Nobody can show the image of Mohammad anymore. It's dangerous.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Terrance,But you ruined the whole show!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Network President,"Look, I'm not gonna risk the lives of the people at this network. Let's just forget aboat it, okay guys? [farts and laughs. Terrance and Phillip look hard at him, their arms crossed] Aw, come on guys, give me a break."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Phillip,"We demand you rerun Mystery at the Lazy ""J"" Ranch with Mohammad uncensored!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Network President,"Ey! I run this network, not you guys! And if you ask me, your show has become so preachy and full of messages that you've forgotten how to be funny! NO Mohammad!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Terrance,But Family Guy is going to show Mohammad on an episode that airs tonight!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Network President,"I doubt it! I'll bet that right now, somebody is on their way to FOX Network to demand that that episode be pulled."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"FOX Studios, day. An entrance to the Studios is shown, with guards at heightened secuity. Cartman rides right into the studios with no one noticing him. Cartman enters the main building and approaches a receptionist"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Ma'am, I need to speak to the president of this network right away."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Receptionist,What is it regarding?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"It's regarding Family Guy. I demand that the Mohammad episode be pulled before it airs tonight! It's incendiary, it's offensive to Muslims, and people can get hurt! It's wrong! It's WROOONG!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Receptionist,"O...kay, but if you've got a problem with Family Guy, you'll have to wait in line. [points to her right. Cartman looks over and then back at the receptionist] That little boy over there has an appointment to try and get Family Guy off the air altogether. [Cartman walks over and sees Bart Simpson seated in a chair, his skateboard leaning on it]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Dude, can I go before you?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,Eat my shorts!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"The highway, dawn. Kyle, still nursing his shoulder, arrives at a truck stop and his eyes open wide"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"What the hell is going on? [everyone there has his or her head buried in sand. Kyle walks among them] Hello? [stops next to someone in a red sweater] Excuse me, I need to get to Los Angeles. [tugs at the pants. The person waves. Kyle looks around and goes into the diner] Hello?! [a TV in the store is tuned to SNN]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,SNN anchor,"...starting in a small town in central Colorado. The idea has now spread all over America. [a helicopter shot of buried heads everywhere] Muslims continue to riot in the Middle East, demanding that Family Guy not air tonight's episode. [more live footage is shown. Kyle gets close to the TV] Amd Muslim terrorists continue to make threats."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Al-Zawahri,"[translated text reads] ""Family Guy"" better not show Mohammad tonight. I'm serious. ""Family Guy"" isn't funny."
Cartoon Wars Part II,SNN anchor,Osama bin Laden had this to say:
Cartoon Wars Part II,Osama bin Laden,"[translated text reads] If you look closely at the writing in ""Family Guy"", you will see that the jokes never derive from the plot, and I think that's totally gay."
Cartoon Wars Part II,SNN anchor,"Bin Laden went on to say that if Family Guy shows the image of Mohammad as planned, the terrorist retaliation will be immediate. [a rifle appears next to him and a hand cocks it]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Trucker,[with rifle trained on Kyle] You one of them?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Who?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Trucker,How come your head ain't in the sand? [Kyle is confused]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,FOX Studios. Cartman is seated two chairs away from Bart. Muzak is playing in the background
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"So... you don't like Family Guy either, huh?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,I hate Family Guy.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,So what's your plan? You're gonna ask the president of the network nicely to take it off the air?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,Not nicely.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Look, kid, if you hate a TV show, all you have to do is get an episode pulled. Pretty soon the show is compromised and it goes off the air."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"Cool, man."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,Yes. So my plan is to use this whole Mohammad thing as a way to scare the network into pulling tonight's show. I'm going to use fear to get them to do what I want.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"Isn't that like, terrorism?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"...No, it isn't like terrorism. It IS terrorism."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,I could do that.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,This is manipulation at its highest lever; you should let me handle this.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,I'm a pretty bad kid.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,Really? What's the worst thing you've ever done?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,I stole the head off a statue once.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Wow, that's pretty hardcore. Geez. That's like this one time, when I didn't like a kid, so I ground his parents up into chili and fed it to him."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"[compares the two acts in his mind...] You got it, man. You got it. [hops onto his skateboard and skates off]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,Seeya.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"The White House, day. President Bush is addressing the White House press corps in the press room"
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,"I want to assure the American people that as President, I have exhausted every possible solution. Unfortunately, Mohammad will appear uncensored on Family Guy tonight at seven."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporters,[clamoring] Mr. President!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporter 1,"[rises] Mr. President, can't the writers of the show be reasoned with? Don't they know they're putting the country in danger? [sits]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,I have come to... understand something about the Family Guy writing staff. Suffice it to say that they will not be persuaded by the possibility of violence.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporters,[clamoring] Mr. President!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporter 1,"[same one as before] What exactly did you learn about the Family Guy writing staff, Mr. President?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,"[thinks a moment, then leans into the mic and says in a low voice] I'm afraid that information is classified."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporters,[in unison] AWWW!!! [then clamoring] Mr. President!
Cartoon Wars Part II,TCO reporter,"[rises] Mr. President, can't you force the Family Guy writing staff not to write anything about Mohammad? [sits]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,LSX reporter,[rises] Couldn't you throw them in prison? [sits]
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,Look! The fact of the matter is the Family Guy writing staff is protected by something called the First Amendment!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporter 2,"And what exactly is this First Amendment, Mr. President?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,"[beat] Uh you know, the right to free speech."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporters,[in unison] AWWW!!! [they begin to fight furiously and clamor amongst themselves]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporter 3,"[rises] Mr. President, when your administration came up with this ""First Amendment,"" did it not foresee a problem like this might happen? [sits]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,[beat] Well... We didn't come up with the First Amendment. It was already in place.
Cartoon Wars Part II,TCO reporter,"[rises] What do you intend to do about this ""First Amendment,"" Mr. President? [sits]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporter 4,"[rises] Forgive me, Mr. President, but this ""First Amendment"" sounds like a lot of bureaucratic jibbery-joob? [sits]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporters,Yeah!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Reporter 5,That's right!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"FOX Studios, day, the President's office. The FOX President is discussing schedules with the department staff"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"Okay, let's discuss the fall lineup."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Receptionist 2,"[enters] Sir, there's still one little boy out here who wants to speak with you about pulling the Family Guy episode"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"All right, let's get this over with. [Cartman enters the room leaning on a crutch]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[removes his cap] Hello, gentlemen, ladies. My name is little Danny Pocket. And I won't take much of your time. Please excuse my tiny crutch; it's the only way I can get around these days. Ow..."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Staff,"Oh, poor kid."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"You see, my father worked for a newspaper in my native country of Denmark. His newspaper showed an image of Mohammad and, two days later, terrorists suicides bombed his building. I was in the lobby when it happened. [shocked looks on the faces of the staff] First one terrorist suicide bombed us and, then dozens more. They just kept coming. Suicide bombers running in the building and blowing up one after another! They were like Mexican jumping beans. I just don't wanna see people here at your studio getting hurt, because... that would be, of course, your responsibility. [coughs] Ow.."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,I feel terrible. It's so east to put terrorism out of mind until one of its victims is staring you in the face.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Staffer,"Sir, if we pull the episode, the Family Guy writing staff will refuse to work again."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"Little boy, will you talk to the Family Guy writing staff? If your story touches their hearts like it has ours, perhaps they'll back down from demanding we air the episode."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,I'll certainly do my best. [coughs] Ow.
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"Take this noble child over to the Family Guy offices. If he can scare them like he has us, maybe we can pull the Mohammad episode after all."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[turns and walks out, and says softly with an evil smile] Yes, and then Family Guy is as good as dead."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,What was that?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[stops and turns] I I said ""thank you."" Thank you for listening. [walks out again]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"FOX Studios, outside. A truck pulls up to the curb and the passenger door opens. Kyle steps out of the truck and closes the door"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Thanks a lot for the ride.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Trucker,"Ey, it's the least I could do. I hope you succeed, kid. I really don't wanna see Family Guy go off the air. I love that show!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,I'll do everything I can.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Trucker,"I mean, I know it's just joke after joke, but I like that. At least it doesn't get all preachy and up its own ass with messages, you know? [drives off]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"FOX Studios, exterior studio wall. Bart is writing ""I HATE FAMILY GUY"" repeatedly on the wall, much as he'd do in the opening credits of The Simpsons. His skateboard is leaning on the wall"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"[noticing Bart writing, but doesn't see the actual text] Excuse me. [Bart stops writing and approaches Kyle] Do you know which way the network president's office is?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,Who wants to know?!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Look, my fat bastard friend is trying to trick the network into getting Family Guy off the air."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"[eyes narrowing] The network president's office is in there! [points to his right, to a small red building labeled ""154 c""]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Oh thanks, dude."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"No problem, man. [smiles, knowing Kyle isn't going to the right building]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,A storage room. This is the building Bart pointed to. Kyle opens the door and enters
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"[looks around] Hello? This can't be right, I- [Bart whacks him from behind with a skateboard, and he falls forward] Ow!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"Cowabunga, motherfucker!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The Family Guy offices. The receptionist shows Cartman in
Cartoon Wars Part II,Receptionist 2,[behind a desk] Hello Mitchell.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"Oh hi, Miss Travis."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Miss Travis,The president has asked that little Danny Pocket here speak with the Family Guy writing staff.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,[rises and walks forth] Are you... sure? They're working on a new episode right now.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"It won't take long, sir. [coughs with more energy] Ow..."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"All right, I'll take him back. Follow me, little Danny. [walks back to the writing area. Cartman follows.] You must be excited. Not many people get to meet our writing staff."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[removes his cap] Yes, I'm totally excited. Family Guy is so funny."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The Family Guy writing room. Mitchell and Cartman enter and walk by the cubicles
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"Well, here we are. Danny, the Family Guy writing staff."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[stops and stares] Wha? [before him is a wall tank the height of the writing room. Manatees are swimming slowly within, and a huge pile of plastic balls sits at one end of the tank. Some of them are snacking on snall fish] What are they?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"They're manatees. [gray manatees] Gretchen and Flubber are from the Gulf of Mexico. Tinker, Pete and Lucy are from the Caribbean Sea."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Family Guy is written by manatees? [rethinks] Of course, it all makes sense now."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"They really are brilliant creatures. [the camera focuses on the ball pile] You see, the right side of the tank is filled with idea balls. [the camera zooms in and pans across] Each ball has a verb, noun, or pop culture reference written on it. There's millions of them. [A manatee swims to the left side of the tank balancing a ball on its nose] The manatees choose an idea ball and swim it over to the joke combine on the other side of the tank. [another manatee swims into the pile] Uh there goes Gretchen! She's comin' up with an idea. Oh, she came up with Gary Coleman. [another manatee reaches the combine and drops a ball in] The idea balls drop into the joke combine and form part of the new script. [the ball reads ""Mexico"" as it goes down the pipe into the sorter] Laundry Date Winning Mexico Gary Coleman. A perfect Family Guy joke! I can see it now!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The imagined joke
Cartoon Wars Part II,Lois,"Peter, you didn't do the laundry today."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,You think that's bad? Remember the time I won a date to Mexico with Gary Coleman?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"Pedro's, somewhere in Mexi"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Waiter,"¿Qué pasa, señores?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Gary Coleman,"Whatchoo talkin' 'bout, Willis?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,Back to the Family Guy offices
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,Waitwaitaminute waitaminute. These... manatees demanded that Mohammad be shown? How? Manatees don't talk!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"When FOX censored the image of Mohammad last week, it also meant that the Mohammad ball had to come out of the idea tank. It made the manatees very upset. Pull just one idea ball out of the idea tank, and the manatees stop working. He-here, I'll show you. [looks up] Keith? [Keith, seated at the top of the tank, reaches in and pulls out a green RIVERDANCE ball. The manatees stop in their tracks and slowly drop down as the balls they're carrying slip away from them] All right all right, put it back in! [Keith drops it back in. The manatees respond quickly and resume work] Manatees are very ethical writers. Either everything's okay to write about, or nothing is. Anyway, the president of the network wanted you to ...speak with the manatees."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Oh... yes, yes. Um [clears his throat and talks to the tank] hello, manatees. I, I think you should allow the network to pull your episode with Mohammad. See, I'm the victim of a, a terrorist attack and... terrorists might come after you if you-"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,That isn't gonna work on them.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,Why not?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,Don't you know anything about manatees? They're the only mammals that are completely unmoved by terrorst threats.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,[softly] Son of a bitch.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"The storage room. Kyle is now dangling from the ceiling, enveloped in a rope trap. He struggles to get out"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"[calling to Bart] Let me out of here, kid! Why are you doing this?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[voice] Well well well! [now shown walking up to Bart, who's keeping watch while leaning on his skateboard. Cartman has a mean air of satisfaction on him]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Cartman!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Hello, Kyle. Looks like you've run into a little snag in your plan as well."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,You fat sun of a bitch!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"You came so close to stopping me, didn't you, Kyle. There was just one thing you didn't count on: that more people besides me hate Family Guy."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,Yeah.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Well, a lot of people like Family Guy too! Who are you to decide it shouldn't be on the air?!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,"Shut up! [points to Kyle] You shut your fucking face, man! [to Cartman] Did it work? Did you scare the network into pulling the episode?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Not yet! But I've come up with a new plan. I've learned how to make the Family Guy writing staff stop working! As soon as everyone goes on their lunch break, I can sneak back in."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Bart,Cool man!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Cartman, let me out of this stupid net!!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Good, Kyle! That's good anger you're showin' there! See that?! That's emotional character development based on what's happening in the storyline! Not at all like Family Guy. Now, if you'll excuse me, Kyle, [turns and walks away] I've got some idea balls to remove from a manatee tank."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,WHAT?!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"Family Guy offices, later. The FOX President looks at the manatee tank along with the rest of the staff"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,I don't understand it. What's wrong with them? [the manatees are floating aimlessly]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"We don't know, Mr. President. They just stopped working."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"[concerned] But, nobody took any idea balls out of the tank, did they?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Mitchell,"No sir, none of us did. [Cartman smiles and looks around at the results of his handiwork]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,Then why are they refusing to write? I agreed to show Mohammad uncensored! I did what you asked! WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME??!!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[hobbles up to him] Sir! Sir! [faces him] If you don't my saying, I think you asked for this. You gave in to the manatees last week. Now they know all they have to do is refuse to work and they can get whatever they want. You spoiled them by caving in. Now they thnk they can walk all over you. [they both turn to face the tank] Sir, you are in charge of this network, not them. Maybe it's time you showed them who's in charge."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"You're right. It's time I stop letting these primadonna manatees tell me what to do! I'm pulling the Mohammad episode, you got that?! And if you all don't want to work tomorrow, you can just find other jobs!! [faces the staff] How long before Family Guy's supposed to air?!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Executive,Twenty-five minutes.
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,I gotta hurry! [rushes off]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,I did it. I... AM... GOD!!!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"FOX Studios, outside. Cartman has left the offices and dances down a street"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Family Guy is going off the air! No more Family Guy for me, mon frère!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,[appears in the shadows] Cartmaaaan!!! [Cartman stops in his tracks] You fucking fatass!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,How the hell did you get out?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,That kid and I had a long talk! I told him he was on a slippery slope to becoming a monster like you!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Aw, God damnit, you gave him one of your gay little speeches, didn't you?!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,[seething in anger] You are not. Killing. Family Guy!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"You're too late, Kyle! The president of the network is pulling the episode! Family Guy is as good as dead!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,[checks his watch] There's still time to tell the network president you're full of crap!! [runs off]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,[runs ahead and cuts him off] I can't let you do that!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Get out of my way or I'll kick your ass!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"[takes off his mittens] Fine, Kyle. I guess it was inevitable. [Kyle removes his left mitten with his teeth and spits it away] Let this be our final battle. [they put on their battle faces and begin fighting, which is shown dispassionately. It's all a long series of slaps] Ow. OW! Stop it! Kyle, that's too hard! Ah! [they begin to move along a sidewalk] Ugh. Kyle! Stop it!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Ow. Quit it!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Ow. Quit it, Kyle! Bleh. Kyle! [throws him up against a wall. They slap each other some more and Kyle throws Cartman up against the wall. Some more fighting and Cartman throws Kyle up against a window, but they both crash through it into the King of the Hill offices.]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"King of the Hill offices. The boys continue fighting through the offices, Kyle having the upper hand"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,Stop it!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Ow. Quit it!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Ow. Quit it, Kyle! Leh- Kyle! Let go- Okay okay come on, time out. Kyle, time out! Time out! Time out. [Kyle stops his attack and a few seconds of silence follow. Then] Time in! [slaps Kyle hard. Kyle waits for a writer to stop staring, then resumes his attack] I d-ow! Uh. Ah. Sh-gah. Okay. Okay. Time out! Kyle t-time out! Time out! Time out! Time out! Time out!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"No more timeouts, fatass!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Time out! Time out! Time out, Kyle! Ay! Ay!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"King of the Hill offices, outside at the other end. The doors fly open and the boys fall out, get up, and resume their fighting. They are getting tired though."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Kyle! Kyle! Get the... Get the- Kyle! Kyle, dude, that was- that was in the balls! Dude, serious- seriously! That was in the balls! No hitting- No hitting in the balls! [throws Kyle off, but they resume fighting] Kyle! [Kyle finally gets Cartman in a reverse headlock. A few seconds later, he begins punching Cartman on the ribs] Quit it, Kyle. Give it up, Kyle! [gets out of the headlock, but the fighting resumes] Okay... Okay! Okay okay! [the fighting stops, and they're both panting] You win! You win. I give up. [kicks Kyle square in the nuts. Kyle doubles over in pain, coughing, and Cartman grins] Hahaha! I had my fingers crossed. [Kyle is still immobile, but a skateboard whacks Cartman from behind. Cartman falls over and Bart is there]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"[coughs] Thanks, kid."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The Office of the FOX President. He is on the phone
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,Network Control! This is the President! I want you to pull the episode.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"[whispers] What? [in normal tone] Mr. President, are you sure? [the other programmers look at her]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"I'm sure. Begin episode jettison sequence 0 2 900. [two programmers raise their access keys and insert them into corresponding locks in their desks, then turn the keys. Between their desks is a big red ""PULL EPISODE"" button. Its lid pops up and it begins flashing]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Computer Voice,Abort System initiated.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Programmer 1,Awaiting confirmation.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Mr. President, we need your final approval code."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"President approval code [Kyle runs past the office, but notices and comes back] 0-0-destruct-"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,[runs in and interrupts] Sir! Mister television executive! Stop!
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,Who are you?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Listen to me: the little boy who convinced you to pull the episode is a bastard child. He only wants you to pull it because he knows it will be the end of Family Guy forever!
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,The end of Family Guy?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Mr. President, we need final authorization!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"Hold on, Julie! [covers the transmitter] What are you talking about, kid?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Pulling an episode because someone is offended starts a chain reaction. You'll have to pull more and more episodes until the show goes off the air completely. It's what happened to Laverne & Shirley.
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,You mean... the manatees aren't trying to run the network?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,What manatees??!! [a fist knocks him away and Cartman steps in]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Go ahead, Mr. President! Continue what you were doing!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"[quickly rises] No! You have to show Mohammad, Mr. President!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Mr. President, we're awaiting your orders!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Sir, just think about what you're doing to free speech!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,No! Think about the people who could get hurt!
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,Ah... I don't know who to listen to!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Okay, I'll make it easy for you. [pulls out a gun and aims it at the president] Pull the Mohammad episode, now!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"Okay, I'll listen to you. [gets back to the phone] Julie?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Noo! Wait! You can't listen to him! He's a lying deceitful monster who only wants Family Guy off the air!
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,But he has a gun.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,You can't do what he wants just because he's the one threatening you with violence!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Shut up, Kyle!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,I can't be responsible for people getting hurt. Especially me.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Yes, people can get hurt. That's how terrorism works. But if you give into that, Doug, you're allowing terrorism to work. Do the right thing here."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"Give the orders to pull the episode, Mr. President!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,I shouldn't even be in the office still. It's supposed to be half-day Friday.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Mr. President, thirty seconds to airtime. What do you want us to do?!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"Do the right thing, Mr. President."
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,"How about I allow the episode to air but, just censor out the image of Mohammad again."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"I wish that was good enough, but if you censor out Mohammad, then soon you'll have to censor out more."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"No gay speeches, Kyle!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,"If you don't show Mohammad, then you've made a distinction what is okay to poke fun at, and what isn't. Either it's all okay, or none of it is."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Five seconds, Mr. President! [the programmer J. Walker has his finger hovering on the button]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,[softly] Do the right thing. Show Mohammad. [Cartman still has his gun on the president] Do. The right. Thing.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Mr. President, we need a decision now!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,FOX President,Family Guy goes on air as planned. Uncensored.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Kyle,Yes! [dances]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Cartman,"No! No, I hate Family Guy!! [tries to fire the gun, but it seems to be empty. No bullets come out. He throws it down.]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Woman,"Air it! [a different programmer gives his thumbs up and then turns to press the ""AIR EPISODE"" button. The credits come up and the self-destruct programmers remove their keys and sigh in relief. The ""PULL EPISODE"" lid comes down]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The episode
Cartoon Wars Part II,Lois,Peter! You got a pink slip at work?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,You think that's bad? Remember the time I got a salmon helmet from Mohammad while wearing a toga?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The flashback. The doorbell rings
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,"[dressed in a toga, answers the door] Coming Mohammad. [opens the door. A salmon helmet appears and he reaches out to grab it]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"In this shot, Mohammad hands a football helmet to Family Guy."
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,Comedy Central has refused to broadcast an image of Mohammad on their network.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,"Wow, a salmon helmet! Thanks! [closes the door and goes back to the sofa]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,back to the episode
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,"Anyway, what were we talking about?"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,The White House. President Bush and his staff watch the episode.
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,"Oh yeah, my pink slip."
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,"Hey, that wasn't bad at all. They just showed Mohammad standin' there, lookin' normal."
Cartoon Wars Part II,An Official,"Mr. President, the terrorists are retaliating!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,What?!
Cartoon Wars Part II,Peter,Or the time I- [click. SNN shows up onscreen]
Cartoon Wars Part II,SNN anchor,"As soon as the image of Mohammad appeared, terrorist leader al-Zawahri announced the retaliation!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Al-Zawahri,"[translated] We warned you not to show Mohammad- But ""Family Guy"" did it anyways. So now, here is our retaliation on America!!!"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,Osama bin Laden & al-Zawahri present an Al Qaeda Films Production
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,"three houses appear against a backdrop of skyscrapers. Each house has a dollar sign on its roof, indicating the wealth of the West"
Cartoon Wars Part II,American male 1,"[walks in] Hello, I am American."
Cartoon Wars Part II,American male 2,[walks in] I'm American too.
Cartoon Wars Part II,American male 1,We like to crap own each other. [the men take turns crapping on each other]
Cartoon Wars Part II,President Bush,"[walks in] Hello, I am the President Bush. I will crap on both of you. [craps on both of them]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,American male 2,Ugh! We love to crap!
Cartoon Wars Part II,American Female,"[walks in] I'm American. I'm pregnant with a baby, but I'm not married."
Cartoon Wars Part II,American male 3,[walks in] Let's crap. [all five of them begin crapping on each other and Jesus enters the picture]
Cartoon Wars Part II,Jesus,"Look at me! I'm Jesus! Would you like me to crap on you, Mr. Bush? [craps on Bush. More Americans walk in and start crapping]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,All,"Mmm, yummy yummy crap. [more people crap, and an American flag appears under them, being crapped on]"
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,THE END
Cartoon Wars Part II,Scene Description,?
Cartoon Wars Part II,Al-Zawahri,"Oh yeah, take THAT! We burned you! THAT WAS WAY FUNNIER THAN FAMILY GUY."
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"P.F Chang's China Bistro, night. A waiter arrives at a table"
A Million Little Fibers,Waiter,"Hi, welcome to P.F Chang's. How spicy would you like me to make your Chang sauce?"
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,"Chris, the people at Table 3 need their check."
A Million Little Fibers,Chris,[whispers] I know. I'm swamped. I've got no help here!
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,Well what about the new waiter?
A Million Little Fibers,Chris,"The new waiter is useless. And, I think he's high."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"[at another table, mixing sauce...] How spicy would you like your Chang sauce?"
A Million Little Fibers,Male diner,"Will you just place our order, please?"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Oh man, I have no idea what's goin' on."
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,Everything okay here?
A Million Little Fibers,Male diner,"Fine, except this towel has been mixing Chang sauce for fifteen minutes. He's clueless!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Don't call me shoeless! You're shoeless!
A Million Little Fibers,Male diner,Yeah? Well you're a towel!
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,You're a towel!
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,"All right, that's it! Get out of here! You're fired!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Yeah!
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,"Not him, you!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Awww.
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"The sidewalk outside P.F. Chang's. Towelie walks towards the camera, dejected"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Aw man, I really screwed up this time. The rent's due at the end of the month, and I don't have any money. I need to shape up and find a new job, quick. [stops] But first, maybe I'll get a little high. [pulls out a lighter and joint, and lights up. His eyes change color from white to pink] Wait. Here it goes. Good ideas comin'. Yeah. Hey yeah! I should become a writer! If I just write a book about my life, I can get it published and then make plenty of money to pay rent."
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"Towelie, at home, night. He gets to work at an old typewriter: he puts a paper in and rolls it into place."
A Million Little Fibers,Waiter,"Hi, welcome to P.F Chang's. How spicy would you like me to make your Chang sauce?"
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,"Chris, the people at Table 3 need their check."
A Million Little Fibers,Chris,[whispers] I know. I'm swamped. I've got no help here!
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,Well what about the new waiter?
A Million Little Fibers,Chris,"The new waiter is useless. And, I think he's high."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"[at another table, mixing sauce...] How spicy would you like your Chang sauce?"
A Million Little Fibers,Male diner,"Will you just place our order, please?"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Oh man, I have no idea what's goin' on."
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,Everything okay here?
A Million Little Fibers,Male diner,"Fine, except this towel has been mixing Chang sauce for fifteen minutes. He's clueless!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Don't call me shoeless! You're shoeless!
A Million Little Fibers,Male diner,Yeah? Well you're a towel!
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,You're a towel!
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,"All right, that's it! Get out of here! You're fired!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Yeah!
A Million Little Fibers,Head waiter,"Not him, you!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Awww.
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"The sidewalk outside P.F. Chang's. Towelie walks towards the camera, dejected"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Aw man, I really screwed up this time. The rent's due at the end of the month, and I don't have any money. I need to shape up and find a new job, quick. [stops] But first, maybe I'll get a little high. [pulls out a lighter and joint, and lights up. His eyes change color from white to pink] Wait. Here it goes. Good ideas comin'. Yeah. Hey yeah! I should become a writer! If I just write a book about my life, I can get it published and then make plenty of money to pay rent."
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"Towelie, at home, night. He gets to work at an old typewriter: he puts a paper in and rolls it into place."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,I bet people can't wait to read my memoirs. [begins to type]
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"A publisher's office, day. The publisher reviews the first draft Towelie brings in"
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 1,"Aha. Mmm. Yes. Yes, I see. Well, that's quite a fascinating story, you being engineered as a towel with a computer chip that determines dryness."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Yep! And it's all true.
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 1,"Chapters 4 through 8, however, seem to all be about Doritos Brand Corn Chips."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,I guess I could edit those chapters down some.
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 1,"Don't bother. I'm sorry to tell you this, sir, but nobody's ever going to publish your memoirs."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Huh? Why not?
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 1,"Well, just the small trivial fact that... people aren't interested in autobiographies of towels."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Wull yeah, but, maybe people will read my memoirs and like, apply its lessons to their own lives."
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 1,No. They won't. Because they're people. And you're a towel.
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,You're a towel!
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 1,No. I'm a big book publisher who's not the least bit interested in your stony memoirs. You're a towel.
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"Porcupine Press, day. Towelie leaves the building"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Now what am I gonna do? I gotta pay rent and I just wasted three weeks writin' my memoirs. It's time for me to stop bein' so irresponsible. I've gotta shape up, focus, an' come up with real solutions to my problems. [pulls out his joint and lighter again] I'd better get a little high. [strikes the flint once, but doesn't light the joint] Oh, maybe I shouldn't."
A Million Little Fibers,Joint,"But you have to think of somethin' fast, an' gettin' high makes you smart."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"All right, I'll just use my special gettin'-high powers one more time. [lights the joint and sucks some fumes in. His eyes turn pink again] Hey. Hey, wait a minute. Of course! That's it! Why didn't I think of it before? [grins a small grin]"
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"""A MILLION LITTLE FIBERS"""
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,The page turns and the Chapter 1 is shown
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"[in the stacks of a library, he proof-reads] All my life I've been a pretty irresponsible towel. [crosses out ""towel"" and writes] person. I thought I was somehow stronger and more immune than other towels. [crosses out ""towels"" and writes] people. [the next sentence reads ""But as I pursued my derelict...""] This is a really good idea."
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"Another publisher's office, day. The publisher reads"
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 2,"Ogh. Oh my God. Uh I could not believe a human being has led this kind of life, Mr...!"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,[wears a small fedora and fake mustache] McTowelie. Steven McTowelie.
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 2,"It's heartbreaking passages like this one: ""I am a person who often gets hung out to dry by all those around me."" I know this company would be honored to publish this book. I just have one small question first. You're not... a towel, are you?"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"...No. If I was a towel, why would I be wearin' this hat, an' this fake mustache?"
A Million Little Fibers,Publisher 2,"Right, I'm sorry. [rises] Well Steveen, if it's all right with you, I'm gonna to get our agents and lawyers on the phone right now. We're in business, sir."
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,[quite pleased] All right!
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"Oprah. Her splash screen comes on, the studio audience cheers"
A Million Little Fibers,Oprah,"Thank you so much. [the applause dies down] Once in a while I come across a book that is sooo honest and sooo moving that it changes my life. [holds up a book] ""A Million Little Fibers"" is the true story about a man who was born in a laboratory. Please welcome author Stevem McTowelie! [she fairly sings his last name. Towelie comes out to cheers from the audience and climbs onto the sofa with some difficulty] Steven, when I read your book, I thought to myself, ""How can a human being go through all this and still turn out okay?"""
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Well, I guess I'm just an extra-special tow- [stops himself] person."
A Million Little Fibers,Oprah,"You talk in your book how you would sometimes have to spend days hung up on a rack. What would that do to you emotionally? You have been through... so much, [the camera pans down to her crotch] and I think that people all over America could benefit..."
A Million Little Fibers,Her crotch,"[in one UK accent] Oh God, there she goes again, babblin' about people's lives and carryin' on. She hasn't paid any attention to me in years!"
A Million Little Fibers,Oprah,...a life that kept getting up whenever it was down...
A Million Little Fibers,Her crotch,"Nobody knows what it's like to be Oprah's minge. All she does is work, never gives her ol' minge a nice rub now and again. A minge needs attention! At least a scratch once in a while!"
A Million Little Fibers,Oprah,"Well Steven, your book hasn't sold a lot of copies yet, but I have some pretty exciting news for you!"
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Used to be a time when Oprah would play with me night and day. She'd pet me for hours usin' every finger. Now I just sit here, in the dark, not even so much as a pinky! I should write a book! Be much more depressin' than his!"
A Million Little Fibers,Oprah,"And so, Steven, I'm making your book my official Book of the Month selection! [sing-song ending]"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,Really? [the audience cheers] Wow. I'm gonna get super-rich now.
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"The book goes into mass circulation, the presses printing, cutting and binding at a fast pace. The paper cover goes on last, and the new book drops through a trap floor into a waiting cardboard box with more copies of the book within. The cover is shown and the box closed and shipped out. Next, Towelie is at a book-signing at Frontier Books autographing the books of a line of waiting readers. Posters promoting his book appear on the sides of buses, another shot of Towelie signing books at Frontier as dollar signs float by, a man checking the book out through a window at Tiara Books, shoppers buying the book at Barnes & Legal as Towelie floats by with his bong"
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,Oprah's office. She has a lovely Persian rug there.
A Million Little Fibers,Oprah,"[talking to her programming people] Uh huh, okay. Well listen, maybe we can get her in as a guest on the 19th. All right, is John Travolta available to be a guest the week after that? Okay, that might work better since it's Sweeps Week."
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Can't take it anymore. All she ever does is work work work, never pays attention to the ol' minge. I'm always trapped in these stuffy pantsuits. I want attention! I'm bloody bored!"
A Million Little Fibers,A voice,[in a different UK accent] Oh stop your complainin'! I'm tryin' to sleep back here.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Ay, 'oo's that? Is that you, Gary?"
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,Yes it's me. You think you've go' it bad? Oprah hasn't paid any attention to me in years.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Oh, what do you care? You're just an asshole. I'm a minge! Minges need stimulation."
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,"Assholes need stimulation too, you bastard! I want to travel. I want to see Paris. I thought lamp was goin' to get better, but Oprah's always busy. Werkin' and werkin', diyatin' and not diyatin'. I need a pukin' up mounds of chocolate cake or teaspoons of weedgrass."
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,She's a workaholic. Let's face it: the only way we're ever goin' tuh get any attention is if Oprah doesn't work anymore.
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,Well that'll never happen.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,Not unless she gets fired.
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,"[wonders] Fired... You got a plan, Mingie?"
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"That bloke on the show today, the one Oprah supported. 'E isn't a bloke at all. 'E's a towel."
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,Ooo. How d'you know?
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"[low, ominous voice] I'm a minge. Minges know a towel when they hear one. If evidence gets out that Oprah's champion author is a towel, she'll look right foolish. Fans'll start droppin' off by the millions."
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,'Ow do we get proof?
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,We get somebody else to do it. The greatest investiga'ive reporter of our time.
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,"Geraldo Rivera's office, evening. Geraldo is busy writing up a report"
A Million Little Fibers,Butler,Mr. Rivera.
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,"What is it, Dimitri?"
A Million Little Fibers,Dimitri,"There's somebody on the phone to speak with you. He says he has inside information for you that may discredit Oprah Winfrey. [Geraldo stops, rises, and goes into his private offce, where he answers the phone]"
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,[sits down] Thith ith Geraldo.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,[somehow on the phone] 'Allo 'Eraldo. I've got some information for you ya might find interestin'. It could make Oprah Winfrey look quite foolish.
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,Who am I thpeaking with?!
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,'E wants to know who 'e's speakin' with.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Let's just say I work very closely with Oprah. You'd like to see 'er discredited, wouldn't ya?"
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,[his left hand spread out over his chest] What information do you have?
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,What'd 'e say?
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,He wants to know what information we have.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Just tell me wha' 'e says, Gary! Don't wait for me 'o ask you ""wha' 'e say?""!"
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,Stop wastin' my time.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Ay, don't get snooty with me, Gary!"
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,"I didn't say ""stop wastin' my time,"" Geraldo did."
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,What ith going on here?!
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"Oh all right Gary, this isn't workin'. Let's switch. I'll listen and you talk. [a few second later]"
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,Hallo?
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,Who ith thith?
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,This is Gary.
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,Gary who?! What is your last name?!
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,Don't give away your name. We don't want anyone to know where we are.
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,"A'right, look. All you need to know is that I'm definitely not Oprah's asshole."
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,Aw you stupid twit!!
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,"Don't call me a twit, Geraldo!"
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,"He didn't call you ""stupid twit,"" I did!! Now just tell 'im this:"
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,The writer of the book on Oprah's Book of the Month Club is a phonih. He's not a person at all. He's a towel.
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,A towel? A talking towel? That doethn't make any thenthe.
A Million Little Fibers,Mingie,Tell 'im 'e'd be surprised at things that can talk.
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,You'd be surprised at things that can talk.
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,What proof do you have of this accusation?!
A Million Little Fibers,Gary,"Just look into the author of ""A Million Little Fiyabers,"" and you'll discover the truth."
A Million Little Fibers,Geraldo,"And how do I go about that? [click, and a dial tone. Geraldo tries to get the caller back on] Hello? HELLO?!"
A Million Little Fibers,Scene Description,Larry King Live. The splash screen pops up
A Million Little Fibers,Announcer,This is Larry King Live.
A Million Little Fibers,Larry King,"[Towelie is in the guest chair] My guest tonight is Steven McTowelie, author of the acclaimed book, ""A Million LIttle Fibers."" How are you tonight, Steven?"
A Million Little Fibers,Towelie,"Well Larry, I'm a little high."
A Million Little Fibers,Larry King,Your book has helped a lot of people beat addiction. What made you write it?
