Summer Sucks,Instructor,[Off-screen.] The snake's been destroyed. [Removes notice.] The pool's open!
Summer Sucks,Cartman,Huh?
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"All the first graders jump into the pool, the water turns yellow in a matter of seconds."
Summer Sucks,Cartman,"Oh, no, you sons of bitches! Aww, sons of bitches..!"
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,He makes his way out along the edge of the pool.
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,Stark's Pond.
Summer Sucks,Citizen 2,Look! They put out the snake!
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,Everyone cheers.
Summer Sucks,Mayor McDaniels,"Yes! Apparently, my plan to-o blow up the snake worked perfectly."
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"Ned, Jimbo, Stan and Kyle look at her."
Summer Sucks,Kyle,"Hey, look! It's snowing!"
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"The others, and the crowd, look and ponder."
Summer Sucks,Jimbo,"Well, it's snowing black ash, but what the hell."
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"Clyde, Annie, Red, and Token, cheer, and dance around in the ash."
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"The mountains are now capped in ash. Stan and Kyle work on an ash man, and Pip is singing with his family once again. (His parents are not dead.) Clyde and another kid take a sled down an ash drift."
Summer Sucks,Stan,Winter's back!
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison walks up with Mr. Twig, his new puppet which is a stick with a little purple shirt with a pink triangle on it."
Summer Sucks,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, it's a black blizzard!"
Summer Sucks,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, where's Mr. Hat?"
Summer Sucks,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, I'm through with Mr. Hat. He's a two-timin' whore. From now on, children, you're all gonna be learning from Mr. Twig."
Summer Sucks,Mr. Twig,"That's right, children. I'll see you in the fall."
Summer Sucks,Stan,"Well, I can hardly wait."
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"South Park, a few days later, Chef drives up and steps out of his car."
Summer Sucks,Chef,"Hey, children, everybody! I'm back! I'm back from Aruba! What the..?"
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"Before him, some kids play on ash-covered ground. They are pretty much in blackface. Cartman has joined Stan and Kyle in working on the ashman."
Summer Sucks,Stan,"Hey, Chef!"
Summer Sucks,Cartman,How's it going?
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,Chef looks left. A couple is clearing out ash from the main street.
Summer Sucks,Man,"Howdy, Chef. How was your summer vacation?"
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,Long pause.
Summer Sucks,Chef,"Okay! E-verbody get in a line, so I can whoop all your asses!"
Summer Sucks,Scene Description,"End Credits. ""Simultaneous Lovin'"" plays."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Sundance Film Festival. A small Western town. Bustling sounds are heard as the camera slowly pans down. A crowd streams by in the background behind a sports car and limo, and front and center are Robert Redford and a woman."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Why do we hold the Sundance Film Festival here, Phyllis? It's so painfully crowded."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Phyllis,"Because. People from L.A. love to come to a quaint little mountain town for a few days, and this gives them an excuse."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"No, this used to be a quaint little mountain town. Now look at it. Sushi restaurants, upscale clothes stores, $25 parking, Liam Neeson... I tell you, Phyllis, I think we've tapped this town's resources out. We must move the festival to another small mountain town and begin again."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Phyllis,That's not a bad idea. But where?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"South Park. Winter is indeed back. A man hums as he arrives at the town flag pole with a purple flag and runs it up to the top. It unfurls, revealing: 1st Annual South Park Film Festival. A crowd instantly pours in and mills about."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man in background,Ching ching cha-ching.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man in foreground,Whoa.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,South Park Elementary.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children. I have some very exciting news for you... Oo-why don't you tell them, Mr. Twig?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Twig,"That's right, Mr. Garrison. The First Annual South Park Film Festival begins today."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,Wow! Cool!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"They're not gonna show that stupid-ass Godzilla movie again, are they?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"Nono, Kyle. These are independent films."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Hoohh, like Independence Day? That sucked ass, too."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"No, dude, independent films are those black and white hippie movies. They're always about gay cowboys eating pudding."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,No they're not! Independent films are produced outside the Hollywood system. They're movies about all the glitz and glamour of Hollywood.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Byeh, sure. Well, you show me one independent film that isn't about gay cowboys eating pudding!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"Once again, you have no idea what you're talking about, fatass!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"I'm not fat! I just haven't grown into my body yet, skinny bitch!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,(Gasp)!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, if you call Wendy a bitch one more time, I'm sending you to the principal's office!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Cartman looks around for a second.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,...bitch.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"That's it Eric, you-!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,I'm going!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"He hops off his chair and walks out, closing the door behind him."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"Anyway, children, I want you all to see at least one independent film at the festival and then write a paper about it."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The class groans.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"The first film showing is called Witness To Denial, and it's a sexual exploration piece about two women in love."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Oh, my uncle Jimbo has a ton of those movies in his dresser drawer."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,There's certainly a lot of people now. Two of them are talking on cell phones.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 1,"Norma, I want to shoot the script next month with Demi Moore instead."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 2,[In shorts!] Well you can tell Spielberg he can kiss my ass!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mayor McDaniels,"[Walking about with one of her aides.] Wow, look at this, Johnson. Traffic jams at every intersection, hoards of people pushing their way through the crowd. It's almost like we're a real city."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,After school and the kids are out in the town.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,I can't believe I got sent to the principal's office because of your stupid girlfriend!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,She's not my girlfriend.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kenny,"(Yeah, that's because you vomit on her all the time.)"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Cartman and Kyle laugh.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Sick, Kenny."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Damn, dude. Look at all these people."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,"[Rushing by with a cell phone.] I'm late for a screening, I'll call you from the theater."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,All this for a bunch of stupid movies?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,They come upon a stand that says CHEF'SSOUL FOOD
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Hello there, children!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,The boys,"Hey, Chef."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Whatcha doin'?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Children, this whole film festival thing has quite lucrative monetary possibilities. Now I'm gonna sell some of my famous cookies, to these Hollywood types, and make a mint!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,What kind of cookies?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Calm down, tubby."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"They're little cookies, with fudge in the middle. And I call them, ""Fudge 'Ems""."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Chef pulls out a box with that name on them.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,I wanna Fudge 'Em.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"I can just see the commercial now. ""Wife got you down? Boss makin' you angry? Kids yellin' atcha? Well, Fudge 'Ems."""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Cool!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"And I've also got my double chocolate cookies, ""Fudge This."""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,"[Passing by with his date.] Oh look, one of the natives is selling local food wares... how quaint."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Woman,"This is why I come to these things, to get away from L.A. and become one with the more simple culture."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Well, perhaps you'd like to try my low-calorie cookies, ""Go Fudge Yourself,"" or my all-natural, ""I Don't Really Give A Flying Fudge."""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Woman,"Ooh, do you have any tofu or steamed celery?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,Huh?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,I would kill for some cous cous right now.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,Whose goose?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Woman,"Uuuuh, never mind. We brought some food from the Natural Market in L.A."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,"Cute sign, though."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The couple leaves, and Chef looks confused. Wendy walks up."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"Stan, I have two tickets for the opening film of the festival. Would you like to come with me?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"[Taunting.] Stan, nunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh tunh hunh. Tunh tunh tunh tunh tinh teenh?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Shut up, Cartman! [To Wendy.] Sure, dude. I mean, since we have to write a paper on a film anyway. [They walk away.]"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"She'll be the death of him, Kyle. Mark my words: she'll be the death of him."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,If she holds his hand in that theater it'll be all over.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Get 'em while they're hot! My all new cookies! ""I Just Went And Fudged Your Momma!"""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"[To Kyle.] Jesus, he sure ran that one into the ground."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"At the Bijou, South Park's movie theater. Now playing: Witness To Denial. Stan sits in the front row with Wendy."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,When's this thing start? I hope there are some good previews.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"Stan, film festival movies usually don't have previews before them."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,They what?!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The projectionist starts the film. Only the right half of a woman is shown in close-up. The sound is overmodulated.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice,Who are you to judge my womanly soul?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Her girlfriend appears far in the background.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice,The Goddess flames that burn in my memory aren't dark. Dare you call them dark!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,They switch places. The girlfriend's left side appears in close-up.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice,Here lies the Goddess truth of my body.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"[With soda and popcorn.] Oh, brother."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice,"The Goddess that cries, ""Freedom!"""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Her hands cover her mouth.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice,Here is the Goddess truth of my womanly being
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Stan puts his left hand on the arm rest. Wendy reaches for his soda and takes a sip. In a new scene, Candice is talking to her lover, who wears a Lilith Fare shirt."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice,"You are my blossom, my flame. When we make love, it's like the sun is right outside the door."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Candice's Girlfriend,"Then make love to me, right now"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The two of them embrace and drop out of view.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Dude!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,Sshh!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Dude!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle's house. He's in the restroom crapping away.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"I can see clearly now, the rain is gone I can see all obstacles in my way-"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Sheila,[From the master bedroom.] Bubbeleh you need to get to bed! It's late!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"I'm poopies, ma!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Sheila,"Well, hurry up!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Gone are the dark clouds that had me-
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"[Voice only, slowly, with echo.] Ky-yle! Ky-yle!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle looks down into the toilet.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Could it be?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[In his shrill voice.] Hooowwwdy ho!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle hops off and looks into the toilet. No poo is seen.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Mr. Hankey? Mr. Hankey, is that you? Hello?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Day two of the South Park Film Festival.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom,"I'm here live in South Park, Colorado, where citizens from Los Angeles are arriving in droves for the town's first annual film festival. This is just a small quiet mountain community where nothing out of the ordinary ever really happens, [Softly.] except for the occasional complete destruction of the entire town [Normally.] and so the excitement level is naturally very high. Right now, the townspeople are anxiously awaiting the arrival of some of Hollywood's top celebrities."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"At the Bijou, the boys are watching ""The Body Decayeth""."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"It was him, dude. I told you, it was Mr. Hankey!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Wait, I thought Mr. Hankey only came at Christmastime."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Well, I'm sure it was him."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,"Look, look! Here comes somebody!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,People come closer as a limousine pulls up. Someone steps out.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,A woman,"Move aside, I can't see."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom,"Ladies and gentlemen, TV's Fred Savage."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Fred Savage steps out of the limo wearing a shirt that says, 'I'm Fred Savage'."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Crowd,[In disappointment.] AAWWWW!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Fred's head drops as the limo and crowd scurries away.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom,"Well, I'm sure a real person will show up soon."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"So how was that movie last night, dude?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Aw, dude, you don't even wanna know!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"It had a bunch of gay cowboys eating pudding, huh?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Yeah, pretty much."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,Yeah!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"The theater sucks, though. They need to get a bigger screen."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Maybe they should project the movies on Cartman's ass.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Stan and Kenny laugh.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,Ay!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Yeah, but that'd be like IMAX."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle and Kenny laugh.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Okay, that's enough fat-ass jokes for this week."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kenny,"(Cartman's ass is so fuckin' huge that they could probably show six stupid films on it and still have some room, heheheheheh.)"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle laugh.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Okay, that does it. Screw you guys, I'm going home."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Cartman looks around, but doesn't go anywhere."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Well?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"I'm gonna, just give me a minute."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"This is perfect. Why didn't we think of it sooner? This town still has some charm left, not the mess we turned Park City into."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Phyllis,"Forgive me for being observant, but, won't we just end up doing the same thing to this town?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Yes. And the town after, and the town after that. Like termites, we will move this film festival from town to town until we have used it up. And then move on, until every quiet mountain town is like Los Angeles."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Phyllis,Why? Why would we do such a thing?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Because we have to live in L.A. And if we can't live in quiet, simple, peaceful mountain towns, then nobody will!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He laughs maniacally.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,Waitwaitwait. Zoom in to a close-up of my face when I do that. Ready? Then NOBODY will!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The camera moves in as he laughs maniacally again.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,That's it.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The kids pass by Chef's booth. Cartman is still with them. Now the booth says ""Chef's Salty Balls"""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Children! I'm glad you're here! I want you to check out my new confectioneries. I think they're going to sell right through the roof! I call them, ""Chef's Salty Chocolate Balls."""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He brings out the cookie tray to show them. The boys say nothing.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Are they good?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,Try 'em.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Hey, dude, these are good!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Yeah, I love these Salty Chocolate Balls, Chef."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kenny laughs at Cartman's unintended double entendre.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[From under the runoff grate.] Ky-yle!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,There it is again!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle have traded places.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,There is what again?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle looks left.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[Moaning.] Ky-yle!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,It's Mr. Hankey! I think he's in some kind of trouble.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey's theme song begins to play.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Dude, how do you tell if a piece of poo is in trouble?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Where does that grill go?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"To the sewer, dude."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Of course, the sewer! That must be where he is. Come on!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"He walks off, but stops when no one follows."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Come on!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The boys have left, Chef starts to sing."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Hey, everybody, have you seen my balls? They're big and salty and brown If you ever need a quick pick-me-up, just stick my balls in your mouth Ooooo, suck on my cho-colate salty balls put 'em in your mouth Put 'em in your mouth and suck 'em and suck 'em..."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The boys are now in the sewer with flashlights in hand. A rat clamors up a pipe and out of view. Spiderwebs are everywhere.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Aw, man, smells like ass down here."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Of course it smells like ass, retard. It's a sewer!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,A sound is heard and the boys quickly turn to look.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,What was that?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The beam of his flashlight lands on a rat.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Aw, man, let's get out of here!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"We can't, dude. Not until we find Mr. Hankey."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"They look ahead, only to see something making splashes in the water."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,The boys,Aaaaah!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kenny,(Wait!)
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The figure rises and turns, only to reveal itself as a snorkeling human, Mr. Garrison, with him is Mr. Twig."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,What the hell?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison removes his mouthpiece.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Mr. Garrison?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"Oh uh- hello, children."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,What are you doing down in the sewer with a bunch of snorkel stuff on?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,Oh I- I was just-uh hangin' out.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,In a sewer?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,"Children, do you know how to file a police report?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,The boys,No.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Garrison,Good. See you in school.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"He puts his mouthpiece back on and drops into the water. The boys are stunned, but walk forward."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"This is ridiculous! What the hell are we, the Goonies?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Yeah, we're the Goonies, Cartman. Why don't you pretend like you're the fat kid?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Okay, that does it. Screw you guys, I'm home."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Hooowwwdy ho!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The boys turn to see Mr. Hankey rowing in a paper fries tray.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Mr. Hankey!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, boys."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I told you guys he'd be here!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Gosh, look at yuh. You're all growin' up sho fasht."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"[Displeased.] Hi, Mr. Hankey. Nice to see yuh."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Have you all been brushing behind your teeth?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,The boys,Yes.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,And usin' dental floss?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,The boys,Yes.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,And washin' behind your ears?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,The boys,Yes.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,No.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey coughs.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"What's the matter, Mr. Hankey? Are you sick?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, I just got a little cold is all. All these new people in South Park are stressful on my home."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,What do you mean?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Well, you see, boys, the sewer is a fragile ecosystem."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,[Incredulous.] Oh my God.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"These new folks in town eat nothin' but cous cous, tofu, and raw vegetables, and it's destroying my environment."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,And that's why you got a cold?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"That's why, Kyle. That's why."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Well, why don't you just ask them to leave?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"There's only one time of year I can come to the surface, and that's Christmastime. That's why I need you boys to go for me."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He coughs some more.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Don't worry, Mr. Hankey. We'll go tell everyone. Come on, guys."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The boys move off.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Don't forget to change your sheets once a week!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey rows away. Meanwhile, back at the festival... Playing at the Bijou: ""A Bunch Of Gay Cowboys Eating Pudding."" Score another one for Cartman. Inside, the festival host stands before the movie audience."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Host,"So without further ado we will begin this amazing film. It's a work of blood, sweat, and tears."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"[Rushing in.] Wait! Stop! Could I have your attention, please?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 4,Is that Leonardo DiCaprio?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The audience buzzes and cameras flash everywhere, Kyle shields his eyes."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Aaahh!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 4,"Ohuh no, wait, that's not him."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The audience groans.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Ladies and gentlemen, my best friend, Mr. Hankey, is getting sick because South Park has become overcrowded with people who eat health food."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Female director,"Excuse me, little boy, what's a ""Mr. Hankey""?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"He's a talking piece of poo that lives in the sewer. But now he's getting sick because his egosystem is all out of whack because of all the extra poo in the sewer. If you don't all leave and go home soon, Mr. Hankey's gonna die. He's one of my best friends in the whole wide world, and I don't want him to die."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,No reaction from the audience.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,What a great story-it has everything!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Female director,This could be the next Free Willy.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 5,"Great pic, son. How much do you want for it?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Huh??
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 6,Does it-uh have to be a talking piece of poo?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The boys just stare.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 7,It could be a crime-fighting rabbit. Or a lovable turtle.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 4,This could be a great summer movie.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Female director 2,[Rising in the back.] Can we put a mon-key in it?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 8,"""The Mr. Hankey Stor-"" uh is Harrison Ford available for a fall pic?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 9,Keanu Reeves.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 10,Matt Damon!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Fred Savage,Fred Savage!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The other audience members laugh at the thought, and Fred is miffed."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 7,I'd pay a million for this story!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 10,I'll pay two.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The rest of the audience descends into conversation.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Dude, no one even listened to me."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Well um, it does sound like a pretty sweet movie."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,One of the directors has pulled Cartman aside.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,"Mmuh I take it you're part owner of this whole Mr. Hooey story, right?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Huh? Uhuh, yeah, I guess."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,I want you to do a big-money deal with me.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,All of us?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,"Mm-we-hell, I can see that you're the real brains of the group. You don't really need those guys, do you?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Ye-ah, screw those guys. I don't even like them."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,"Hm-that's great, kid. Let's make a deal."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"They walk off. Meanwhile, in front of the library. Robert Redford and Phyllis have something to announce. Of course, the Mayor and her aides are there."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you all for making the First Annual South Park Film Festival a success. We've barely even started and already the festival has seen more attendance than last year's Sundance festival."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Someone in the crowd,Fantastic!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"And I'm very pleased to announce that in honor of the South Park people who have welcomed us, we are going to build a Hollywood Planet restaurant, right here where this library used to stand."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,A wrecking ball appears and knocks the building down with one fell swoop.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Crowd,[Gasping.] Ooohhh!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Aide 2,Can they do that?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mayor McDaniels,They're Hollywood! They can do anything!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Kyle is in the sewer all alone, looking to tell Mr. Hankey the bad news. An organ is heard."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Mr. Hankey!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle looks all around and walks.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Mr. Hankey?!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Kyle is surprised to see an organ before him, and Mr. Hankey playing vigorously."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Mr. Hankey?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"[Turns around.] Oh, Kyle. Howdy-ho."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey starts coughing again.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Well, how did it go? Is everyone gonna stop poopin' in my environment?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,They didn't believe me. They thought I was pitching a movie.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"[Droops.] Oh. I, I see. Welluh shucks, Kyle, I can't thank you enough for tryin'."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He turns back and starts playing the organ again.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,[Determined.] We only have one option. I've gotta take you to the surface.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Aw I can't. The sun'll dry me out.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,It's the only way to prove to them that you're real.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,But I won't last long up above.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Well, you're not gonna last down here either, Mr. Hankey. Now, come on! I'm not gonna let you die!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"All right, just let me get my toothbrush."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The Bijou. Wendy and Stan are heading for the ticket booth.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"Come on, Stan, we're gonna be late for the screening!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"They look up to see ""Tom Hanks in: Me & Mr. Hankey""."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Jeez, they made that into a movie already?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Inside, they sit in the first row, middle two seats. On the screen, Tom Hanks is in a hospital with a fever, hand to forehead."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom Hanks,"Mr. Hankey, I can't go on anymore. I've lost the fight."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"[A talking monkey hanging from the curtain.] No, I'm not leaving without you."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The monkey drops down and goes to Tom Hanks' bedside.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"We started this together, we're gonna finish it together."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The monkey holds his hand.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom Hanks,"I always thought death was something glorious, but now I know that it's not."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Stan reaches out for Wendy's hand. Wendy cries, blows her nose into a napkin, and hands it to Stan, who just looks at it."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Director 3,[Sitting in the back with Cartman.] It's going over really well. People are gonna be knocking my door down to get you.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,Who the hell cast Tom Hanks in this?! Tom Hanks can't act his way out of a nutsack!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom Hanks,"[Onscreen.] I'll always love you, Mr. Hankey."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"[Mocking.] I'll momaymumyeu, Meemuhmammy."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Kenny waits outside for Stan and Wendy, so he's passing the time with a yo-yo. The doors open and the patrons flood out, crushing Kenny."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man 1,"Oh my God, I found a penny! [Picks it up.]"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man 2,You bastard!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The street. A manhole cover pops up and Kyle comes out with Mr. Hankey.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Mph. Okay, Mr. Hankey. We're out. How are you doin'?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[Looking more frozen than dry.] It sure is -dry up here. [Coughs]
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Don't worry. We'll do this quick, okay? Just hang on, Mr. Hankey, just hang on!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Construction is under way at the Hollywood Planet, South Park's ""Death Star""."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mayor McDaniels,"Excuse me, Mr. Film Commissioner, could I have a word with you?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,[Arms crossed.] Make it quick.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, the people of my town are a little upset. I don't think we realized what an impact this festival would have on our town."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,Uh-huh.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mayor McDaniels,"Right. So, we were actually wondering if we could call this whole thing off?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"We have contracts. [He pulls some out.] You try to pull out now, we'll sue your little town for every penny it's got. But thanks so much for the hard work."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"[With director 3.] Eh but, but this doesn't make sense to me, Marty! Okay, you told me the movie made a lot of money!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Marty,"Mmp right. Two million, minus your agent's fee, minus your lawyer's fee, minus my fee, and the publicity and taxes taken out, you get three dollars! That's more than most people in your position make, trust me!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"[Happening upon the scene.] Serves you right, Cartman! You're a sellout!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,I'm not a sellout! What's a sellout?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"If you work in the entertainment business and you make money, you're a sellout!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"[Stopping by.] It's all gone to hell, children. And we're all to blame. Even me!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,His booth is shown.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"I was sellin' out my town, too! And now look at it."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The town looks just like Sundance at the beginning of the episode.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,So what do we do now?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,There's nothin' we can do. Just sit here and suck on my balls.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle arrives with Mr. Hankey in a shoebox.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"You guys, we have to hurry!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Why?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Come on! Everything's gonna be okay!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,They walk over to Robert Redford.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Sir! Sir!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,Not now!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I have to show you something.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle presents the box containing Mr. Hankey to Robert Redford.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I think it will change the way you feel about your impact here.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,A director,What's this?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Others have started to gather around.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I want you guys to all meet my friend.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Kyle removes the lid to the box and rattles the box a bit. When nothing happens, he turns the box over and Mr. Hankey drops out, dry as a bone. The boys gasp."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"That's great, kid. A dried-out lump of shit; very compelling. [To the crowd] Okay, folks, let's move! We've gotta have that sign down in time for the opening tonight!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"You can't die, Mr. Hankey. You can't."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey starts coughing and is barely audible, only his right eye opens."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Kyle. Be-fore I go there's something I must tell you. Come clo-ser.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle draws closer.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Clo-ser.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle moves in further.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Well-. Huwhat is it, Mr. Hankey?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,There is a-nother Sky-walk-er.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey dies.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Nooohohohohohoho-
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Wake up.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"What is it, Mr. Hankey?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Come clo-ser.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle moves in closer.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,What is it?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Clo-ser.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle moves even further in.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Yes?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Closer!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle is very close.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"One time, when you were sleeping, I put myself in your mouth and had my friend take a picture."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He dies.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Nooo!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Flashbacks of Mr. Hankey flood Kyle's mind, including one of the monkey who played Mr. Hankey in the movie."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Voice over,"[Singing slowly, mournfully.] Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo. He loved me, I loved you. Therefore vicariously he loved you-"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Nooo!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,HazMat official,"I'm sorry, son. Let's get him to ICU."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The HazMat official scoops Mr. Hankey's corpse into a small white body bag.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,[Weeping.] Noo! No!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"[Concerned.] Are you gonna be okay, dude? I'm here for you."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"[Arriving.] Hi, Stan. Ready to go see another movie? [Damn.]"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Okay!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Stan releases Kyle, who falls to the ground."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Uuf.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Over at the Bijou, now showing: ""BOW DOWN TO HOLLYWOOD, SOUTH PARK"" A Film by TOM M. POONER. But inside, it's ""A Bunch Of Gay Cowboys Eating Pudding"", in color. Stan reaches for Wendy's hand. She notices, then looks at him. He pulls his hand back and looks at the screen."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cowboy,"Say, Tom. Do you have any pudding left?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom,"I ate all mine up, silly."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cowboy,"Well then, now what do we do?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Stan tries again, and again pulls back. This time, Wendy takes his left hand in her right one and smiles at him. He smiles back at her. A few blinks from her eyes and a gentle squeeze from her hand and he vomits - at a man sitting in front of her."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,AAWWWW!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,Eeewww!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,[Facing Stan.] Hey!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Sorry.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cowboy,"Well, why don't we just explore our sexuality?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Tom,"Ooh, good idea. Let's."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"They hug, and the cowboy drops to work on Tom's pants."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Aw, dude, I shouldn't be seeing this!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Wendy is alarmed, Stan jumps up and."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,Blaach!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He vomits on the man in front of him again.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,"Aaww! [Turns around to face Stan.] Is there a problem, young man?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"No problem, dude."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital. Chef and Kyle are at the ICU. The window above Mr. Hankey's bed is sealed so no sunlight gets in. The whole room is sealed in. Mr. Hankey has several wires streaming into him.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I'll never forget you. You were my best friend after Stan.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Come on, Kyle. It's time to go."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"Chef, does poo go to heaven?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"[Chef ponders a moment.] Well, uh-I kinda hope not."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle starts weeping.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"I mean, sure it does."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Kyle quiets down.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,Here. I'll give him one of my Salty Balls to take with him to poo heaven.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Chef removes the face tubes and drops a ball into Mr. Hankey's mouth, then puts the tubes back."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Come on, let's go."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,They start to walk away.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[Weakly.] Kyle.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,[Rushes back.] Mr. Hankey?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Howdy-ho.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,He's back! He's back! [Chef returns.]
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,That was delicious.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,My Salty Chocolate Balls must have re-juvenated him!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"You've got the best balls in the whole world, Chef."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,You're daaamn right.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Hollywood Planet is finished and awaiting its unveiling. But first, over at Cartman's booth,"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Step on up, get them here! Mr. Hankey & Me T-shirts! Get them while they last, folks. for only $14.95!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Woman,I'll take two.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,I'd like to pay for one.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,Selling T-shirts kicks ass!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Robert Redford is at the podium.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Ladies and gentlemen, I'm pleased to announce on this Gala Opening of Hollywood Planet South Park, that the festival will be back next year!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey, Mr. Garrison, and Jimbo are dismayed, along with the rest of the town."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"And the year after that, and the year after that, and so on! And now, release the curtain!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The curtain drops to reveal Hollywood Planet in all its glory. Kliegl lights move their beams around and palm tress line the restaurant front.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"I give you, ""Hollywood in South Park!"""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He laughs sinisterly. The crowd gasps at the size of the thing.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Wait!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The crowd turns to see who it is.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I brought him! I brought him to show you!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Cartman is with Stan and Kyle.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"[Put off.] Oh, not this again!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,Behold! Mr. Hankey!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey jumps out of the box.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Hoooooowwwdy-ho!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The crowd looks at him blankly, then turns back to face the commissioner. Hollywood folks are hard to impress."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Anyway, this new Hollywood Planet will be the official meeting place for all-"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Howdy-ho, folks. I'm afraid my buddy Kyle was right. There's not enough room in South Park to accommodate a festival."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Short Man,"Mr. Poo, if you wouldn't mind, we can't hear our chairman. If you could just turn yourself down. You're at about 7 right now, we need you at about, 3, okay?"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey's hands drop and he hops over to the podium. Robert steps aside.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"Uh, folks, please. Little towns like this simply aren't made for friggin' films. We love havin' visitors, but golly, too many of you is hurtin' our ecosystem. Be-sides, folks, film festivals shouldn't be about what celebrities are comin' or what film is gonna get sold. It should be about people gettin' together, and watchin' movies, and about people who could never get their movies seen havin' a chance to have it watched, if only once. A good film festival should be something where we all say, ""Gaw, let's forget about lawyers and managers and studios and celebrities. Let's forget all those things for just a while, and just watch some new art."""
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The crowd ponders the speech. Kyle smiles, and so does Mr. Hankey."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,[Grabs Mr. Hankey and pulls back.] I have had enough of you! [He tosses him away.]
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[Flying through the air.] Nyyaarrrr!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,No!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey hits a wall and slides down.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"Now, as I was saying, this shall usher in a whole new decade of film festivals."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Chef gather 'round Mr. Hankey."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,[Crying.] O-hoho he's dead. Mr. Hankey's dead.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Chef,"Well, it worked once before."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Chef drops six balls into Mr. Hankey's mouth.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"[Recovering.] Hi, Chef. Your big chocolate balls are just the trick!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"He rubs his belly and hops off. As he does, syncopated music plays, and he switches to a sorcerer's cap. He's pissed."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,What the hell is he doing?
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,I don't know.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Mr. Hankey hops up to Hollywood Planet and jumps onto the top of the globe. He is now fully dressed as a sorcerer's apprentice. He starts to do his magic, waving his hands as clouds gather and poo jumps out of manholes and grills throughout the town."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,Whoa!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Robert Redford is awed. Mr. Hankey continues wielding his power, and three poo men rise up out of the poo that now covers the street. They start to dance."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,An Agent,Oh my God!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey continues. Poo pours forth from the Porta Potties nearby and builds into a giant wave.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Crowd Members,[Fleeing.] Aaaaahh!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The poo squelches them and sweeps them away. People clear out of the Hollywood Planet area. Robert Redford and Phyllis get out as well. Mr. Hankey is brewing something up and releases it.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,"Oh, my God, it's crap!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man 2,Ohh! Noo!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The poo traps a car and pushes it into the air as the poo turns into a twister.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man 3,"Whoa, it smells, it smells!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Robert Redford and Phyllis reach their car.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Phyllis,"[Now inside.] Come on, let's go! It's coming!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,"[With key in the ignition.] I'm trying, damn it!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey directs the twister back and forth as it picks up stuff and people. He then has it engulf Hollywood Planet. The poo seeps into Robert Redford's car and fills it up.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Robert Redford,Aww. Aww. Glup.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,The poo drowns them and pours out the car windows.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Man,Let's get out of this town!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"Whatever people are left get into their cars and drive out quickly. Mr. Hankey lets up and relaxes, and the clouds clear away. The town is covered in poo. So are the townspeople."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,[Gazing at the scene.] Gosh. I guess I don't know my own strength.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"He takes his cap off and lifts it high in a flourish, smiling."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Kyle,"You did it, Mr. Hankey. You got rid of all the film people!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Townsfolk,Hooray!
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mayor McDaniels,"Ooh, yeaah. Now all we have is a town covered in shit! This is much better!"
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,"I couldn't have done it without you, Kyle."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,He jumps down to Kyle.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Mr. Hankey,Kisses.
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"He kisses Kyle, and Kyle hugs him. Chef hugs both Stan and Kyle."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"[Stopping by.] Stan, I'm sorry I dragged you to all those independent films."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Stan,"Oh, that's okay Wendy. I forgive you."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Wendy,"Sometimes I forget that even though a few independent films are great, most of them suck ass."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Yes. And I've learned something, too."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,"The others turn, Stan and Wendy hold hands."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Cartman,"Being a sellout is sweet. Because you make a lot of money. And when you have money, you don't have to hang out with any poor-ass losers- like you guys. Screw you guys, I'ma goin' home."
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls,Scene Description,End of Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls. The song of the same name plays.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Hell's Pass Hospital. Sharon and Dr. Doctor stand before Shelly's bed.
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,It's a good thing we got her to the hospital in time.
Chickenpox,Sharon,But what's wrong with her?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"It's chickenpox. There seems to be a small epidemic going around. Your daughter never had the chickenpox as a little child, I take it?"
Chickenpox,Sharon,"No, no, she's been perfectly healthy."
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Well, that's the problem. You see, chickenpox is a pretty normal thing for young children, but as you get older it becomes a more and more ferocious disease."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,The door opens and Stan enters.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"[Sweetly.] Shelly, look who's come to visit you; your little brother, Stan."
Chickenpox,Shelly,"[In disgust.] Oh, whoo-peee!"
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"You know, most people don't realize that chickenpox is actually a form of herpes."
Chickenpox,Stan,"Dude, you've got herpes on your face!"
Chickenpox,Shelly,"Shut up, brat!"
Chickenpox,Sharon,[With some urgency.] Will my daughter be okay?
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,She'll be fine.
Chickenpox,Shelly,[Stan scratches her cheek.] Stop it!
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,We just want to be cautious and monitor her here.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"A crash is heard, and Sharon and Dr. Doctor look on in surprise."
Chickenpox,Stan,Ow!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Shelly has knocked Stan to the floor.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Come on, Stanley. Give your sister a kiss and then we have to go."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house. Sharon, Sheila, and Liane are seated at the dining room table. Ike is playing in his high chair."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"...and then the doctor said that it's much worse as you get older. My daughter is in pretty bad shape now, but if she were in her twenties, she could die."
Chickenpox,Sheila,"My God, I never knew chickenpox was such a dangerous illness."
Chickenpox,Liane,I guess it's much better to get it when you're young.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"So tell me if I'm crazy, but I started thinking that we should intentionally have our boys play with a child who has the chickenpox. Let them get it now, while they're young."
Chickenpox,Sheila,"That's not crazy at all, Sharon. Mothers do it all the time."
Chickenpox,Liane,"Oh, yes. When I was a child, my mother had me go over to a little girl's house who had the chickenpox, just so I would get it."
Chickenpox,Sharon,So it's not such a crazy idea after all?
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Noo, no. And I'm pretty sure that strange little boy Kenny has the chickenpox right now."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Kyle, Stan, and Cartman walk up to the table."
Chickenpox,Kyle,Are you guys having a meeting or something?
Chickenpox,Sheila,How would you boys like to have a little slumber party at your friend Kenny's house tonight?
Chickenpox,Cartman,"No way, dude. Kenny's family's poor; they live in the ghetto."
Chickenpox,Kyle,Yeah. Let's just have a slumber party here.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Boys, you're going to sleep over at Kenny's, and that's final."
Chickenpox,Cartman,Oh weak!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,The boys have gone home to gather their things. Now they meet up and walk to Kenny's house.
Chickenpox,Kyle,I wonder why our moms want us to sleep over at Kenny's so bad.
Chickenpox,Stan,"Yeah, it's pretty weird."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,The boys cross some railroad tracks.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Well, all I can say is, he's better have Nintendo."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"They come upon a house with an orange cat and a small gray dog milling around. Strewn about the yard are a motor, a sofa, a refrigerator, a pack of beer bottles..."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Well, here's Kenny's house."
Chickenpox,Cartman,In the ghetto On a cold and gray Chicago morn Another little baby child is born In the ghetto... In the ghetto
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Stan knocks on the door and Stuart McCormick answers, beer in hand."
Chickenpox,Stuart,Yeah?
Chickenpox,Stan,We're here to have a slumber party with Kenny.
Chickenpox,Stuart,What? Don't you know Kenny's sick with--?
Chickenpox,Carol,"[Intruding.] That's the whole point, remember? Their moms want them to catch it while they're young."
Chickenpox,Stuart,Oh yeah.
Chickenpox,Stan,Catch what?
Chickenpox,Carol,"Nothin'. Uhco-uh, come on in, I was jus' makin' dinner."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The boys follow the parents in. Shag carpeting, another sofa, an engine block doubling as a coffee table, a beer sign..."
Chickenpox,Cartman,And his momma cried 'Cause if there's one thing that she don't need Is another little hungry mouth to feed In the ghetto In the ghetto
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stuart sits in his armchair.
Chickenpox,Stan,Sshh! Cartman!
Chickenpox,Cartman,What?
Chickenpox,Carol,"[Setting the table.] Kenny, your little friends are here! Come play with them!"
Chickenpox,Kenny,"(No, Mom, I'm seriously sick!)"
Chickenpox,Carol,I know you're sick! Now get your buns out here!
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Heheheh, buns."
Chickenpox,Kenny,"[Walks up to the other boys.] (Hey you guys, what's goin' on?)"
Chickenpox,Stan,"Whoa, dude! You've got herpes on your face, too!"
Chickenpox,Cartman,[Scanning the room.] Where is the Nintendo?
Chickenpox,Stuart,We don't have a Nintendo. We got a ColecoVision hooked up to the black-and-white TV.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Rats scurry near the TV.
Chickenpox,Kyle,Oh my God. This is like a third-world country.
Chickenpox,Carol,[Now finished setting table.] Throw your sleeping bags in Kenny's room and then come grab some dinner.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Oh, good. I'm starving."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The boys are seated, as are Kenny's parents. Kenny's older brother comes to table. All there is to eat is a plate of 5 or 6 frozen waffles and a toaster to toast them in. The boys can only wonder."
Chickenpox,Carol,Let's say grace.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,The boys put their hands together.
Chickenpox,Stuart,"Lord, we thank you for this staggering payload of frozen waffles you have bestowed upon us. And since we have been faithful to you, we know that you will send us some good fortune one of these days, even though you sure as hell seem to be taking your sweet time. Amen."
Chickenpox,All,Amen.
Chickenpox,Cartman,Pfff..!
Chickenpox,Carol,"Okay, let's dig in."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She drops a waffle into the toaster.
Chickenpox,Kevin,"That one's mine, that one's mine!"
Chickenpox,Cartman,[Coolly.] What kind of side dishes will we be enjoying this evening with our frozen waffles?
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Everyone stops and waits.
Chickenpox,Cartman,Am I to understand there will be no side dishes?
Chickenpox,Stuart,"So, Kyle, your dad's still bringing home those big, fat lawyer paychecks?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,I don't know.
Chickenpox,Carol,"Stuart, don't even get started!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She points at him.
Chickenpox,Stuart,"[To his wife.] What? I'm just askin' a question. [To Kyle.] You know, your dad and I used to be best friends when we were teenagers. We would work together at Pizza Shack. But he got promoted and went off to community college and I didn't. And you know why? 'Cause your dad's Jewish!"
Chickenpox,Cartman,Puh! I heard that.
Chickenpox,Carol,"That ain't why, Stuart! [Sadness creeps into her voice.] It's because you are an alcoholic retard and he had dreams of not eating frozen waffles for dinner every night!"
Chickenpox,Stuart,"Hey, is it my fault you don't know how to cook?!"
Chickenpox,Carol,"What am I supposed to do with frozen waffles, clamhead?! You put 'em in the toaster and you cook 'em!"
Chickenpox,Stuart,You just don't know how to use spices and stuff.
Chickenpox,Kevin,"[Gleefully.] My waffle's d-hun, my waffle's d-hu-hun!"
Chickenpox,Carol,"Now Kevin, we ain't got enough for everybody. You have to split that with your brother."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus, are you fucking kidding me?"
Chickenpox,Stuart,"Hey! We don't say ""fuck"" at the table, you little asshole!"
Chickenpox,Cartman,"[Hushed.] Heh, we apparently don't say 'side dishes' at the table, either."
Chickenpox,Kenny,(Aa-choo!)
Chickenpox,Carol,"Kenny, honey, if you're going to sneeze, sneeze on them."
Chickenpox,Stan,Huh?
Chickenpox,Kenny,[Turning towards Cartman.] (Waa-choo!)
Chickenpox,Cartman,[Recoiling.] Ey!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Cartman closes both his eyes, but then opens the right one. Later, in Kenny's room. Kenny has two posters of bikini-clad women and one of a 4X4 monster truck. His curtains are tatters and his dresser drawer is a battered suitcase. His bed has no frame to rest on."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Man, your family sucks ass, Kenny. Whoever heard of frozen waffles for dinner?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,Come on! Let's just get in our sleeping bags and get this night over with.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The boys go to their respective sleeping bags while Kenny goes to his bed. The boys roll down their bags and Stan and Kyle have Terrance and Phillip sleeping bags, Cartman however..."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell is that?"
Chickenpox,Cartman,It's my Urkel sleeping bag. Isn't it coool?
Chickenpox,Kyle,"No, it's not cool!"
Chickenpox,Stan,"Dude, I think I just saw a rat!"
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Argh! You have rats in your house, too, Kenny?!"
Chickenpox,Kenny,(Uh-huh.)
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Dude, seriously, you'd better stop being so poor, or else I'm gonna start huckin' rocks atcha."
Chickenpox,Stan,I don't think it's very healthy to sleep with rats.
Chickenpox,Kenny,"(Well, there's gonna be a bunch of rats until they put the freakin' ceiling in.)"
Chickenpox,Stan,Oh.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"The boys settle into their sleeping blankets, and Kenny claps twice, making the lights go out."
Chickenpox,Kenny,(Aa-choo!)
Chickenpox,Scene Description,The next day. The boys have gone back home. First up: Stan's house. Stan has a thermometer in his mouth and his skin is starting to break out.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Okay, lemme see."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"She withdraws the thermometer, and reads it."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Oh, goody! You've got a fever!"
Chickenpox,Stan,"[Mad.] Goody? What do you mean, ""goody""?!"
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Yyup, it looks like you've got chickenpox alright."
Chickenpox,Stan,"Chickenpo--? Oh no, I must have caught it from Kenny last night."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Oh, gee, I guess you did."
Chickenpox,Stan,"Well, you sure seem happy about it!"
Chickenpox,Sharon,"All right, it's off to bed with you, young man."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Cartman's house. Cartman is on the sofa scratching at his skin.
Chickenpox,Liane,"Don't scratch it, hon."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"[Whining.] But mom, seriously, it itches. I can't stand it!"
Chickenpox,Liane,"No, hon."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"[Whining.] Mom, seriously, it itches. It itches!"
Chickenpox,Liane,"Here, I got you some calamine lotion."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She hands the bottle to him.
Chickenpox,Cartman,I don't wanna.
Chickenpox,Liane,It'll make your itches go away.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She opens the bottle and rubs some lotion on his face.
Chickenpox,Cartman,Ugh. Uunnh.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She stops.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Ey, give me that!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He takes the bottle and rubs some more lotion on his face.
Chickenpox,Cartman,Ahhhh...
Chickenpox,Liane,"Not too much, hon. It says on the bottle that too much can be bad."
Chickenpox,Cartman,More calamine lotion!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle's house. His parents look him over.
Chickenpox,Sheila,I don't understand it. He's perfectly healthy.
Chickenpox,Kyle,Yeah. I feel great!
Chickenpox,Sheila,Are you sure you stayed over at Kenny's house?
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Yeah, dude. I told you, we had bread sandwiches for breakfast."
Chickenpox,Sheila,Did you sleep in the same room?
Chickenpox,Kyle,Yes. Why?
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Bubbe, how would you like to spend the night at your friend Kenny's house again?"
Chickenpox,Kyle,"No way, dude! It sucked ass! They don't even have cable!"
Chickenpox,Sheila,Well I think you need to spend more time with your friends.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Kenny's not really my friend, Ma. I don't give a rat's ass about him."
Chickenpox,Sheila,I'm gonna give Mrs. McCormick a call.
Chickenpox,Kyle,Aawwww! Hey Dad. Is it true that you and Kenny's dad used to be best friends when you were young?
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Who? Stuart? Yeah, yeah, I guess we were."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Well how come Kenny's family eats frozen waffles for dinner and has rats on the floor, and we have a big house and lots of food?"
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Well, because Kenny's family doesn't have as much money as we do."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"But why? If they're hungry and poor, why don't we just always give them half of our food?"
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Ha ha ha ha ha! Ooh-ho boy, have you got a lot to learn! Sit down, son."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Gerald sits and motions for Kyle to sit on his lap.
Chickenpox,Gerald,"You see, Kyle, we humans work as a society, and in order for a society to thrive, we need gods, and clods."
Chickenpox,Kyle,Gods and clods?
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Yes. You see, I spent a lot of time going to law school, and I was able to go because I have a slightly higher intellect than others. But I still need people to pump my gas, and make my French fries, and fix my laundry machine when it breaks down."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Oooohh, I see. Gods and clods!"
Chickenpox,Gerald,"That's right. So Kenny's family is happy just the way they are, and we're all a functioning part of America."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night time. Stan is in bed, motionless."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"[Enters.] Stanley, can I get you anything else?"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,She draws closer and feels his forehead.
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Stanley? Oh my God! Randy?! Randy, hurry, he's burning up!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Next day, Hell's Pass Hospital. Stan now lies next to Shelly. Their parents are also present."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Don't you worry, Stanley, you're going to be okay."
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,[Entering.] Can I talk to you outside?
Chickenpox,Sharon,"Kids, Daddy and I are gonna be right back, okay?"
Chickenpox,Stan,Okay.
Chickenpox,Shelly,"[Now that they're alone.] Serves you right, you little brat!"
Chickenpox,Stan,Well at least I'm not gonna die from it like you might! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Chickenpox,Shelly,"If I die from this, I'm taking you with me!"
Chickenpox,TV Voice,"[""Passion Cramps""] Will Carol find out she's a fa..."
Chickenpox,Stan,I don't wanna watch this! I wanna watch Terrance and Phillip!
Chickenpox,Shelly,[Threatening] We're watching this!
Chickenpox,Stan,"Well I've got the remote, bitch! Hahaha. [Click.]"
Chickenpox,Phillip,"Say, Terrance? Will you check my ass for abnormalities?"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Phillip raises his leg high.
Chickenpox,Terrance,"Sure thing, Phillip."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Terrance sticks his head in there, and Phillip farts on him."
Chickenpox,Terrance,"Ah ha ha ha, you got me again!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Stan laughs.
Chickenpox,Phillip,That's tomfoolery.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Stan laughs, as do Terrance and Phillip."
Chickenpox,Shelly,Give me the remote!
Chickenpox,Stan,"No way, dude! We're gonna watch Terrance and Phillip all day--"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"She reaches over to his bed, presses a switch, and his bed folds in on him."
Chickenpox,Stan,Ey! Get me out of here!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Shelly takes the remote and switches channels.
Chickenpox,TV Voice,"[""Passion Cramps""] She was..."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, outside the room."
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"He'll be okay, but it's a good idea for us to monitor him for a while."
Chickenpox,Sharon,"[Anxious.] Oh God, what have we done?"
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"There there now, it's not your fault."
Chickenpox,Randy,"Doctor, we-uuuh purposefully sent our son to stay with a friend who had chickenpox so that he would get it early."
Chickenpox,Dr. Doctor,"Oh, wow, you did? Wow. You guys suck."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kenny's house. Kyle and his mom are visiting. She's talking with Mrs. McCormick in the dining room. Kenny and Kyle enter.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Could we go home now, Ma?"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"No, bubbeleh. You play with Kenny some more."
Chickenpox,Kyle,But we've been playing for eight hours. We can't think of anything else to do.
Chickenpox,Sheila,"I've got a great game for you. It's called ""ookie mouth""."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"What's ""ookie mouth""?"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"First, you let Kenny spit in your mouth. Then you try to swallow his spit and say ""ookie mouth"" at the same time."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Sick, dude!"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"No, no, bubbe, it's loads of fun. Try it."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kenny and Kyle look at each other and walk away.
Chickenpox,Sheila,That ought to take care of it.
Chickenpox,Carol,You want some more hot water?
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Oh, no thank you. It's terrific though, it's-- You don't have any tea bags or coffee grounds to go in the hot water, do you?"
Chickenpox,Carol,"Naw, we don't go for that hoity-toity rich folk stuff."
Chickenpox,Sheila,"I see. Well, you certainly have aab- humble home, Mrs. McCormick."
Chickenpox,Carol,"Yehah, well, unfortunately my husband is a washed-up hunk of shit!"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that."
Chickenpox,Kyle,"Ookie mouth! [Kenny spits in.] Gross! I can't do it, Ma!"
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Try again, bubbe!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kenny spits in Kyle's mouth again.
Chickenpox,Kyle,Argh!
Chickenpox,Sheila,"You know, your husband and mine used to work together as teenagers."
Chickenpox,Carol,Oh they wuz best friends; you couldn't separate 'em.
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Really? I met Gerald in college, so I didn't know. What happened to them?"
Chickenpox,Carol,"Oh they jus' grew apart, I guess. I think Stuart's a little jealous that your husband got out of makin' pizzas and went on to make somethin' of hisself."
Chickenpox,Sheila,Well that's too bad. I'm sure your husband's a fine man.
Chickenpox,Carol,"Oh, hell no! He's a nugget o' deer turd."
Chickenpox,Sheila,But if they were such good friends it seems silly that they don't even talk anymore. Let's get them together!
Chickenpox,Carol,Uh-I don't know.
Chickenpox,Sheila,We'll just arrange a little fishing trip for them or something.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle returns with Kenny.
Chickenpox,Kyle,"I can't say ""ookie mouth"" and have Kenny spit down my throat at the same time. It's impossible."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kyle's face and hat are covered in spit.
Chickenpox,Sheila,"Practice makes perfect, bubbe."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Cartman's house. Cartman's on the sofa watching TV, scratching his face."
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Dammit, where's that calamine lotion?!"
Chickenpox,Terrance,"[With clipboard.] Phillip, I've got good news, and bad news."
Chickenpox,Phillip,"Give it to me straight, Terrance."
Chickenpox,Terrance,"The good news is, you have a clean bill of health."
Chickenpox,Phillip,"Oh, what a relief!"
Chickenpox,Terrance,"The bad news is, you have cancer."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Cartman is shocked.
Chickenpox,Phillip,Cancer?
Chickenpox,Terrance,Yes. I'm afraid your ass is collapsing.
Chickenpox,Phillip,My ass is collapsing?
Chickenpox,Terrance,Yes. See this X-ray? [Turns it on.] That's your ass. See this line? [Points to it.] That's your ass collapsing. Your ass is collapsing.
Chickenpox,Phillip,Will this mean that I won't be able to fart anymore?
Chickenpox,Terrance,"No, it means that you won't be able to live anymore."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,They both laugh.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"[Somber.] Oh, no. [The itching returns.] Damnit!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Mr. Kitty strolls by.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"No, Kitty! That's a-- Wait a minute. Come 'ere, Kitty!"
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Kitty jumps up and Cartman uses him as a scrubber.
Chickenpox,Cartman,Uh. Yes. Uh...
Chickenpox,Liane,"[Closing a door.] I'm back, hon. I got some more calamine lotion."
Chickenpox,Cartman,[Releases Mr. Kitty.] It's about friggin' time! Give me that!
Chickenpox,Scene Description,He grabs the bag and hurries up the stairs.
Chickenpox,Liane,"Just use a little bit of that stuff, hon. It has to last a while."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,Cartman reaches the bathroom and closes the door. Then he opens the bag and pulls out six bottles of the lotion and pours them into the tub. Then he undresses and jumps into the tub.
Chickenpox,Cartman,"Uugh! Yeessss. [His voice trails off.] Ooohhh yyou guys, seriiously, it calms yer ass. Ahhhh..."
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"He sinks into the water blissfully as bubbles pop around him. Meanwhile, Gerald and Stuart are driving to the river for a fishing trip."
Chickenpox,Stuart,"I didn't know you like to fish, Gerry."
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Oh, yeah, love it! I haven't done it for a while, though. I had to go out and buy a few things, you know a-. A rod and a reel and an uh, uuh..."
Chickenpox,Stuart,Tackle box?
Chickenpox,Gerald,"Yeah, tackle box. [Stretches.] Man, smell that mountain air. What a great Saturday morning; aren't weekends just the best?"
Chickenpox,Stuart,"When you're uh-unemployed, weekends are meaningless."
Chickenpox,Gerald,Right. Right-right.
Chickenpox,Scene Description,"Monday afternoon, South Park Elementary. The dismissal bell rings."
