Towelie,Kyle,I got it! [grabs the GameSphere. Towelie pulls himself and the boys up to the catwalk in front of a door. An explosion behind GS-401 sends it into the air]
Towelie,GS-401,Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! [floats down into the acid and disintegrates]
Towelie,Stan,"Come on, guys. Let's go play video games!"
Towelie,"Kyle, Towelie",Alright!
Towelie,Cartman,Hooray!
Towelie,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. The boys are gathered before the TV playing their Okama GameSphere with a new player: Towelie."
Towelie,Stan,"Oh, dude, we finished level 50!"
Towelie,Kyle,Awesome!
Towelie,Towelie,"Oh, man, I have no idea what's goin' on."
Towelie,Kyle,Check it out: Now we're going into the secret underground base.
Towelie,Stan,"Alright, guys, focus. Looks like this is gonna be an underwater level."
Towelie,Towelie,[heavily slurred] Don't forget to bring a towel. [the boys laugh]
Towelie,Cartman,"You're the worst character ever, Towelie."
Towelie,Towelie,I know.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Bus stop, day. The four boys stand at the bus stop waiting for the bus. Each of them wears a gas mask. The boys are silent."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,...Remember when life used to be simple and cool?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,...Not really.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"[runs up] Uh, hey! [The boys jump, startled] How's it goin', fellas?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Butters, what the hell are you doing?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"Huh, well, I'm just standin' around bein' a kid. Why? How come you're all wearing those spooky spaceman masks?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"These are gas masks, Butters!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Yeah! If you don't have a gas mask, you're gonna get smallpox or anthrax!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"What?! [frightened] Oh, Jesus! I don't wanna get the 'thrax, fellas! Uh, what do I do?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,There's nothing you can do except stop breathing.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,Stop breathin'?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Yeah, you can't get it if you don't breathe."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Butters,"Well. Alright, then. [takes in a big gulp of air and holds his breath hard. His head goes cock-eyed. A few seconds later, the bus pulls up. The kids on the bus and Ms. Crabtree wear gas masks as well. Officer Barbrady, wearing a gas mask, gets out of the bus to inspect the boys' backpacks. The boys, including Butters, line up before him, and he inspects Stan's backpack. He pokes at it in a few places and then gives it back to Stan. Butters begins turning blue]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,"Well okay. Next? [Stan boards the bus and Kyle steps up, giving his backpack to Barbrady. He inspects the backpack quickly and returns it to Kyle] Next? [Kyle boards the bus and Kenny steps up, giving his backpack to Barbrady. He inspects the backpack and pulls out some magazines...] Let's see: Hotties, Juicy, Whoppers... [returns the magazines and backpack to Kenny, who quickly boards the bus. Cartman walks up.] Okay, next? [Cartman hands him the backpack and Barbrady quickly pulls out some scissors in it] A-ha! What the hell are you doin' with this?!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Those are my Hootie Owlie Round-Tip Scissors.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,"These are a weapon! [holds the scissors aloft, away from Cartman]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Awww, come onnn! How am I gonna kill people with those?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,I'll think of a way. Now move along!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,God-damnit! [boards the bus without his scissors]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Officer Barbrady,"Alright, next! [No one steps up. Butters is quite blue now and just stands there. Then he just faints forward] Okay, clear. [the bus starts up, Barbrady boards it, and away it goes.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. Along with the regular flag on the flagpole, a larger flag is draped over the front of the school, covering some second-story windows and the center of the school sign. Inside, the kids filter into class and drop off their gas masks along the wall. The door has been fitted with an industrial lock. Tweek enters and locks the door"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tweek,"[drops off his mask] Oh, Jesus, man! They're gonna get me! [sits down] Oh Christ! [under his breath] they might - could get me."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright class, as some of you may have heard, the President has asked that American children all send one dollar to the children of Afghanistan. [holds up a sheet of paper with writing on it] So I have a list of addresses and we're goin' to all chip in."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,HA! I'm not giving a dollar to those towelheads!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Ms. Choksondik,"Eric, the Afghan people need our help!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry, but I thought we were at war with these assholes!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Wendy,"We're at war with terrorists, fatass, not with Afghanistan! And the only reason that you care is that you don't wanna give up the dollar!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"That dollar buys me a chocolate milk for lunch! What, do you want me to just get a regular milk for ten cents? [cue soft music. Cartman stands on his seat] Now look, it isn't our fault that terrorists hate us. We're just kids. We're not the ones bombing them now, we're- we're just kids. [now standing on his desk] There's a lot of crazy stuff goin' on in the world, but, we're caught in the middle. It's not our fault."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Wendy,"The Afghan kids are caught in the middle, too!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Yes, but they're sand monkeys!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, children, we are all sending a dollar to the kids in Afghanistan! That's it! End of discussion!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[drops into his seat angrily] God-damnit, I hate regular milk!!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Afghanistan, day. Adults mill around as fighter planes fly by and bomb a few buildings. Two boys enter from the left and face the camera. They begin Speaking in Dari Persian"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Stan,"(تمام روز ما را بمباران کنند؟ ""Are they gonna be bombing us all day?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,"Afghan Kyle (named ""Akmarh Shulur"")",".هواشناسی گفته هوا که بارونی شه، بعد از ظهر هم خوب می‌شه ""The weather guy has said if it rains, it's gonna be OK in the afternoon."""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Cartman,"!هی! من اینجا هیچی پیدا نمی‌کنم بخورم ""Hey, I can't find anything to eat here!"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,Afghan Kenny (named Keyvan) says something incomprehensible. Probably suggesting playing basketball.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"They move off to play some basketball at a nearby makeshift ball court. The boy who was the first to speak gives the ball to his friend, the second to speak. The friend shoots the basket, but a bomb falls on the backboard, launching the ball away from the court and destroying the backboard and pole"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Boys,Awww!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Stan,".حالا پاشو بریم فیلم ببینیم ""Well, let's go watch a movie."" [then the four move off to their right. They pay for their tickets and head for the doors. A bomb falls on the theater and blows it up]Awww!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Stan,"حالا چی کار می‌خوایم بکنیم؟ ""What do we do now?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Kyle,"دعنا نذهب للعب في منزلي. لا يوجد شيء آخر يمكننا القيام به. انظر يا شباب ، والداي في المنزل ""Let's go play at my house. There's nothing else we can do. See guys, my parents are home."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,A bomb falls on the house and blows it up
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Boys,Awww!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Kyle,"أكره ذلك عندما يسقطون القنابل ""I hate it when they drop bombs."""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Kenny,"حالا چی کار کنیم؟ ""What do we do now?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A horse-drawn small SUV pulls up, a man comes out and drops off four letters, one for each boy, and gets back into the driver's seat. The SUV pulls away and the boys look at their letters. As dramatic music plays, the Kyle counterpart opens his letter up, looks inside, flips it over, and lets a dollar float down from it. The other three boys do the same. Akmarh looks at the bill, then up at the death and destruction surrounding the boys, and it's apparent that $4 won't do much to repair any of it. Akmarh looks at the bill again and wonders what to do with it."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. The garage has a large flag draping the door. Inside, on the living room couch. Sharon is lying there covered with blankets and watching TV. On the floor around the sofa are bowls, candles, food, and other items. Sharon hasn't been off that couch in a while."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Reporter,"[on TV] Another high-alert status for terrorists activity this weekend. [SNN - America Fights Back. A news ticker crawls by. Major headlines appear to the left, stock quotes on top, weather forecasts under the crawl] The government said ""bad things are likely to happen."" [the door bell rings] Meanwhile, the world continues to back down from their support of the United States [dingle] saying that they were really only kidding to begin with."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[approaching] Hey Mom, door bell's ringin'."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Sharon,Can huh get th'ere 'or me? [Stan goes to open the door.]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,"[approaching through the kitchen, stops at the kitchen door] Hey, Sharon? Maybe you should stop watchin' the news for a little bit? [Sharon mutters something] Shu-Sharon, you've been watching CNN for about ah... eight weeks now. Don't you wanna watch somethin' else? [the door closes] Shu-Shu-Sharon? [Stan comes back into view, pulling a box a bit bigger than he is into the living room]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, look at what the postman brought me! It's a big brown package from Afghanistan!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Sharon,"Weh, that's nahice."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,We sent the Afghani kids some dollars - they must have sent us something cool in return! [looks back at Randy] Do you have some scissors to get this open?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,"Stanley, your mother's a little freaked out right now. Why don't you go play with your big brown package from Afghanistan outside?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Well alright. [pushes the package back towards the front door. Randy returns to the kitchen... Sharon bolts from the sofa as Randy rushes back into the living room]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,"Randy, Sharon",Big brown package from Afghanistan??!!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Paramedics, fire trucks, the SWAT team, and the FBI are all there. Two klieg lights shine on the package as two Hazmat men approach the package. A crowd of residents looks on. Stan, Cartman and Kenny watch from the front."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"[approaching] Dude, what's going on?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,We got a package from the kids we sent dollars to. They sent us something back.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Hazmat man,"[in white] Prelims show negative, sir."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,Then we're gonna have to blow it!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Two SWAT men,[in gray] Yes sir!! [they leave and rig the box so it opens without much damage]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tweek,"AAHH! This is it, man! It's over!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Richard,"Tweek, calm down. Have some coffee. [Tweek looks up at Richard. The two SWAT members finish and return to the crowd. Everyone kneels behind the barriers and then cover their heads.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,Open! [one of the SWAT officers presses the remote control and the box pops open. Inside is a goat]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Mma-a-a-a-a-a-a. [people begin to look up at the goat]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Oh, it's just a goat. [all rise]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,People,Oohhh.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Blond Man,"Look, it's a goat."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Man 1,Awww.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Brunet Man,A precious goat.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ba-a-a-a-a. [Stan approaches it as soft music plays]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[now next to the goat] Hey there, little guy."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,[steps forward] Stay away from it! Terrorists could have given that goat anthrax or smallpox before sending it over! Johnson!! [another official steps forward and salutes] Check the goat for diseases!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Johnson,"Yes sir! [walks over to the goat and begins licking its face. Stan backs away. After a few licks Johnson rises and announces] The goat seems to be clean, sir!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,I told you: those Afghan kids just wanted to give us something back for giving them four dollars.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Heh, four dollars for a goat? We got ripped off."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Official,"Alright, men, this area is secure. Let's head out! [the various services disperse and drive away in their vehicles. ]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Well what are we supposed to do with it?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ba-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Yu- you're gonna have to take it home with you, Kyle."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Dude, my mom won't even let me have a hamster."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Kenny?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,"(No fuckin' way, dude!)"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,My parents will never let me keep a goat
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Well, I guess we're gonna have to kill it."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"No, we're not gonna kill it, Cartman! We'll just have to [removes the return address from the box] take the return address and mail it back to the kids in Afghanistan. Come on, goat. [takes the goat's reins and leads it away. The other boys follow]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ba-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. All building windows have flags draped behind them, and some of the walls have flags on them as well. The post office has two flags on wall-mounted poles. The last postal worker closes up for the night as the boys approach"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Uh oh, they're closing!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Excuse me, we wanna overnight this goat to Afghanistan, please?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Postman,Excuse me?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"It's an Afghanistan goat, so it can't stay here, or else it'll choke on the sweet air of freedom."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Yeah.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Postman,"Afghanistan? [cautions] H-I'm sorry boys, but our planes aren't flying there."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,They're not.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Postman,The only planes goin' to Afghanistan are the military planes over at the base. I'm sorry. [walks away]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Well yeah! The military planes. Come on, goat, we'll put you on one of them. [leads the goat away. The others stand there for a second, then catch up to them]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"[calls out] Stan, I don't think we're supposed to be in the military base. They might shoot us."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,I don't care! We're going!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,[dropping in] Don't forget to bring a towel.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,The Boys,Aaagh!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Oh no, not Towelie."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,"When goin' someplace new, you should always bring a towel."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Okay, thanks, Towelie. [rolls his eyes]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,Do you wanna get high?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[quickly] No, we don't wanna get high!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,"You mean, you don't want Towelie around?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,That's right!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,So am I to understand that there's been a ...Towelie ban?... [snorts and starts laughing]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,The Boys,[not amused. Kyle covers his eyes] Awww!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Goddamnit, get the hell out of here, Towelie!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Towelie,"Alright, see ya. [walks off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The military base, night. Jeeps roll in as a battalion is assembled in the parking lot. A large cargo plane receives the vehicles and other cargo"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"Alright, troops. We depart for Afghanistan in five minutes! Let's move out!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[now in the base with the others] Alright, come on. We just gotta get the goat on one of these planes."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 1,"[off-screen] Isn't this exciting, Tony? [the boys hide behind some boxes nearby] We're finally gonna see some action."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"[the soldiers, in desert fatigues, appear] Yeah, and uh, I hear that as soon as we land we get a USO show."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 1,We do! [draws close] Stevie Nicks is goin' to perform.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Hoh, Stevie Nicks. Huh, I love her! [they move on]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[peeks out] Okay, it's clear. Come on! [moves out with the goat and the other boys. A shadow falls across them]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier,[off screen] Hey you!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,[aims his rifle at the boys] What the hell do you think you're doing here?!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ba-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"[chastened, quickly retracts the rifle] H-uh, I'm sorry, Miss Nicks, uh. [looks around] Hey guys, this is Stevie Nicks. [a black soldier walks up]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 2,Oh wow!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 3,"Uh, can I get a picture?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 4,"Miss Nicks. Over here, Miss Nicks! [takes a picture]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Oh... M- Miss Nicks, I... I don't wanna bother you, but... could you sing a quick Fleetwood Mac for us. Could ya?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Other Soldiers,"Oh yeah. Please. Come on, come on. Please. Yeah."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,...Ma-a-a-a-a. Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,Oh! No way! That was wild! That was great!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 3,Wait till I tell my sister about this; she is gonna flip!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Well, uh, we've gotta get Miss Nicks on the plane to Afghanistan, guys."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Oh, can we just get a-"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[turns right and walks off] Ah, sorry. Miss Nicks isn't answering any more questions."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"Oh, sure, we understand. Move along. [the soldiers watch the goat walk away with the boys]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 3,...She looks great.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,She looks great.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Cargo plane, later. The boys walk up to the plane with the goat and prepare to put in in the cargo hold. A side door is open, with a ramp leading up to the hold"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"'K, let's put him on here. [walks up the ramp, pushing the goat along]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,[inside the hold] Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[enters and soothes the goat] Shhh. There we go. You're gonna be okay, goat. You'll be back in Afghanistan in about 20 hours."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[he and the other two peek in] Stan, if you're finished having your tearful goodbye with the goat, we'd like to go now, please?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,"Alright, tango clear. [lifts the ramp up and swings it into the cargo hold...]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,The Boys,Waaah!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,Let's head out. [...then closes the door and walks to the cockpit. The boys drop into the hold]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[turns around and wrestles with the door] Aw, son of a bitch!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"[gets up, turns, and pounds at the door] Hey, wait! There are children in here!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,"[rises and moves a bit] (Oh, shit, we're locked in.)"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,[inside the hold] Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Dude, looks like we're going tooh... Afghanistan."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,[steps toward Stan] Going to Afghanistan? Locked in a small space for 20 hours? How could things get any worse? [poot. Cartman blinks tightly and smiles]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boys,"Awww! [Kyle covers his nose, Kenny draws his hoodstring tight]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,(Ee-hew-hoo!)
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[giggles] Uh ho, you guys."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Afghanistan, next day. A cargo plane has landed and the camera pans from the plane to the runway behind it. Another cargo plane lands and rolls to a stop. The large cargo door drops down and the soldiers file out marching"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"Welcome to Afghanistan, troops! Get your gear ready and report to the barracks at o-nine hundred!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,"Sir yes sir! [they march away. The pilot comes, opens up the small side door, and pulls down the ramp. The boys move out and go down the ramp with their jackets over their noses]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Oh God, it was horrible!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Twenty hours!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kenny,"(God-damn, it stinks like shit!)"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a! [leaps out and runs off]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,What the hell?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Cartman farted in there! We had to breath it in for 20 hours!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,It didn't smell that bad; you guys are overreacting.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Pilot,[leans in and sniffs] I don't smell any- boh! Oh God! [begins choking] Hohhgh! [looks away] Blagh! [convulses] Bleeaagghh [throws up twice and passes out]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Uh, whatever!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"You sonofabitch, Cartman! [begins to walk away, passing Cartman] You don't fart when you're locked in a small space with other people! [Stan passes by]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry! Next time I'll just ask my fart nicely if it wouldn't mind staying tucked away for a while!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[finds the goat next to Kenny] Alright alright, let's just get the goat back to his home! [pulls out the return address] We have to find this address. [leads the goat off. The other boys follow]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A large city in Afghanistan, day. Could be Kabul. Plenty of large building and roads abound, but they all look rundown or beat down - this is a city in decay. The boys walk through the city"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"God, what a craphole, dude! This is like East Denver! Jesus Chru-heist!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Dude, no wonder terrorists come from places like this! If I grew up here, I'd be pissed off, too!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey look! There's a taxi! [horse-drawn, with small back tires. The boys head for it, passing a street performer.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Performer,[raises his hands] Haa-aa-aa. [the boys into the taxi's back seat]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[to the driver] Hello. We need to go... [hands the driver the address] here. [the driver says: شما می‌خواین برین خونه؟ ""You guys wanna go home?"" and whips the horse into action. The taxi moves off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,What is this? The freakin' Flintstones?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The home of the Afghan boys. The taxi pulls up and drops the South Park boys off, then goes away. The boys approach the door"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Is this the right house?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,I think so. [steps up and knocks on the door]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"[approaches and opens the door] شما چیزی می‌فروشید؟ ""You guys selling something?"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"A-ah, hi. We're from America. [Akmarh simply looks back] Uh, we sent you the dollar? Uh, the four dollars? You, you sent us this goat?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,Goat? [the other Afghan boys show up behind Akmarh]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,Here. Wu-we don't want it.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Oh, you want something else? All we had was the goat. Your country bombed everything else."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"No, dude, we're n- we're not ungrateful. It's just... none of us can keep the goat."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"It was choking on the sweet air of freedom in America, so we brought it back to your crappy country. [the Afghan boys are insulted]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Oh uh, and here. [pulls out a small flag] Take this American flag as... a gift. [hands it to Akmarh and backs up. Akmarh considers the gift for a few moments, then throws it on the ground and steps back. The fat kid moves up and pours some fuel on it, then the poor kid strikes a match and throws it on the fuel, setting the flag on fire.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Afghan Boys,Yaaay. [they jump up and down]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Yeah, they told us in school that everyone but terrorists love America."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,Huh! !آمریکایی‌ها با خوک می‌خوابن Americans are pig fuckers!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,What did you call us?!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,Your country is the evil empire! Your government wants to rule the world! But your values and your spirituality are in the guh-ter!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Then why did you send us the goat?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Because, in Afghanistan, we have pride. If you send us something, we must send something in return."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"It doesn't mean we don't still hate you. Now, get out of here! [the Afghan boys back up and Akmarh shuts the door]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey! Hey, open the door!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,I told you! Jawas have no heart.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Jawas?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"You know, sand people."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,How come they hate America so much? What the hell did we do?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Well, we tried, dude. If anyone else in this craphole hates Americans, we'd better just leave the goat and get back to the plane!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Alright. [leads the others away. The goat follows. Stan hears the hoofbeats and stops] Oh look, he's following us. It's so sad."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[softly] God, I hate you so much, Stan!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"What? [voices rise in the distance (مرگ بر آمریکا! مرگ بر آمریکا ""Down with USA"" or ""Death to America""! The boys look on. The protesters march by the boys and stop, curious about the boys standing there. Stan greets them] Howdy. [the protesters remain motionless]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Um... [looks around, then slowly] Greetings from Canada. [now with Canadian accent] Well boys, it's aboot time we get to our hoose in Canada, isn't it?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Ey, what the hell are you talking about?! [Stan and Kyle look at Cartman angrily] I'm not a god-damned Canadian, and neither are you!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[buries his face in his hand in disgust and shakes it] Cartman, you stupid asshole! [the crowd roars with anger and ties the four boys and the goat up. Two of the protesters talk about what to do next. One of them ends with]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Protester,...Osama bin Laden! [the others crack up and lead the captives away]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Good job, fatass!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Dude, don't call me a Canadian! [the protesters lead the captives up a mountain road. A bird in a tree warbles an Arabic song. When the lead protester reaches the tree he shoots the bird, and the bird falls down and away, dead. The trek resumes]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A cave in Afghanistan, day. ""Not where Osama bin Laden is."" Guards stand outside keeping watch. Inside, six guards interrogate the boys"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,You've gotta listen to me! We're not spies! [one of the guards says something]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Look, I think I can explain everything. You see, my friend Stan here is an oversensitive animal lover. He's got a boner for this goat, a-"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Voice,"Amaar madmallah [the guards look up, then line up at either side of the cave entrance. A lanky figure walks in]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[swaying as he walks in] Oooo, alamalamalamalaah."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Oh crap, it's him!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a-a.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,[pacing before the boys] Amalama hamahamahama? [draws close to Cartman] Una Haqa mala
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"[leaning away] Ogh! Dude, it's called deodorant, okay? It's not expensive."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Haqaama hamahalahamahaqa. [the guards move off and return with studio equipment - two spot lights and television camera. The cameraman announces that they're ready to tape (!اوساما خان، حاضره ""Osama sir, we're ready."". Osama sways over to his spot. The cameraman gives a signal and several makeup artists rush in for some quick touch-ups, then leave. The cameraman gets behind the camera and gives the signal to start talking] U bataqataqaa maladala. Ameriqa la tabakabaka haka haqadaqadaqa [laughs] Haqahaqa, daaqadaqa!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cameraman,"Aaaaand... cut! [Osama grins and the guards clap. Osama takes a small bow and tosses the mic away, then walks off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Dude, these people are insane."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Sharon has resumed watching SNN on the sofa"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,SNN reporter,"...as more and more case of terrorist-related AIDS continues to grow. And this just in: the Taliban has apparently taken American civilians as hostages. The Taliban has just released this videotape [the boys and the goat in their chairs, flanked by two Taliban guards], in which it is clearly visible that they have indeed captured [closeup of the goat, with Kenny to the left] Stevie Nicks. Miss Nicks appears to be in good spirits, though her whereabouts are unknown."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,"[pops in from the kitchen] Hey, Sh- Sharon? Ha- have you seen Stan in the last couple... days?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Sharon,[raises her head a bit] Yes. I just saw him.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Randy,Oh okay. [slowly moves back into the kitchen]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Afghanistan, day. The general and his troops are watching the same report"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,SNN Reporter,"With Stevie Nicks in captivity, the other members of Fleetwood Mac have been hidden so the Taliban can't get to them as well. [the soldiers are crestfallen]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,They... took Stevie Nicks?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 2,"Bastards! Heartless, gutless bastards!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,Alright men! Grab your guns and your Bibles! We are going to get Miss Nicks back!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,[cheering] Hooray!!! [some of them have their arms raised]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"The Afghan boys' home, at that moment"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,SNN Reporter,"The Taliban's video also shows what appears to be four American children in captivity, though they could just be French."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,[rising] We have to help them.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,Do you say??
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,They are not espies. They came to give us our goat back.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,Screw them! They are evil Americans!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"I know! But if we don't help the innocent ones, then we are no better than the Americans are."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,Help the Americans? That doesn't make sense.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Dude, we are espeaking English right now. Does that make sense??"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Alright, let's go. [they pick up their rifles and exit]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fat Boy,"!ای لعنت ""Oh, goddammit!"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Osama's cave, day. Inside, at table, the Taliban guards are celebrating Osama's birthday. The guards and Osama wear party hats"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Aw, jihad, jihad. [the boys look at each other for reactions, and the alarms go off] Oh? [walks over to his security screen and sees the Americans converging outside the cave entrance, then runs around unsure what to do] Oh, oh! Ameriqa haqa haqa! Dursha! Dapadapadapa! [the guards respond and give each other orders while moving out. Osama pulls out a walkie-talkie and speaks into it] Hulagugla hugagugahagahaa!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The American and Taliban forces engage each other in combat."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,Inside Osama's cave. Osama is still giving orders
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Qubada durqaana Ameriqanab! Qubada durqaana- [a grill next to the boys rises, and the Afghan boys climb out]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, what are you guys doing here?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,Shh. We've come to save you.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,But I thought you hate us.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"We do. [Osama talks away, and the boys slip out quietly with the goat. Cartman decides not to join them, and walks towards Osama]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Cartman, where are you going??"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,I'm gonna go take care of this prick!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Cartman, he's crazy!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"He's not crazy, he's an idiot. I know how to deal with these people. [walks off]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,A flippity flappity floop! Jihad jihad!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Mehah... [bites on some food] What's up, bin Laden?"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Arrrrrrrrrrrubadubaduba! Durbadurba haq!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Uh oh, 5:30, time to pray. [quickly rushes for a prayer rug and rolls it out, then kneels and bows deeply a few times.] Allah, Allah, m'heh"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Taba haqa?? [goes for his prayer rug and does as Cartman does] Allah Allah Allah, Allah hakadurrpa durpa adurpa hagalah [Cartman brings out a huge mallet and smashes it on Osama's head. Osama's head rings like a bell, then he looks at Cartman and aims his rifle at him]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Uh oh! Mmm-mm! [kisses Osama and tumbles away]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The American and Taliban forces are still fighting. The seven kids and the goat emerge from the cave"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,We will have to be quick! The Americans are attacking!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Where do we go? [they look around]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Get down! [all boys hit the floor and hide their faces. A bomb blows up in front of them. When the smoke clears, Kenny and the poor Afghan boy are both dead, both riddled with bullets]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"!اوه الله! کشتن کیوانو ""Oh, my God! They killed Keyvan!"""
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"!تو، دیوث ""You bastards!"" [Stan and Kyle look at each other. Akmarh gets his rifle and fires away at American helicopters] You... murdering Americaaans!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, shut up, kid. America didn't start this war."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"America DID eh-start this war! They eh-started it YEARS ago, when they put their military bases on Muslim holy lands!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"A forest near the cave, at that moment. Osama bin Laden slinks around looking for Cartman. He stops next to a small bush. As bin Laden looks around the bush skittles away, then stops. Bin Laden sees the bush has moved and growls at it, aims his rifle, and walks up to it - four steps. The bush moves again, then stops. Bin Laden catches up in three steps. The bush moves again, then bin Laden tales a step forward. The bush moves again, then bin Laden tales another step forward. The bush leaps and bin Laden holds it in mid-air as Cartman drops to the ground. We get a view of the gun on Cartman's face from Cartman's perspective"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,[tossing the bush away] Ramadan!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Hey look! An infidel! [bin Laden quickly turns around]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Wuut? Peitoqaba! [Cartman gets up and pulls bin Laden's pants down. Osama looks stunned. A magnifying glass pops up over bin Laden's genitals, then another, then another... nine in all, and the penis is finally visible. A sign pops up... ""Tiny, ain't it?"" A few seconds later the sign and magnifiers go down and Osama pulls his pants up]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,So that's what this is all about?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Ishta fatwa open sesame!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,[climbs up bin Laden and kisses him] Mmmm! Tastes like chicken. The ass of a chicken!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Proila foqabam!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Woohoo! [zips away, leaving a dust cloud front of bin Laden. Bin Laden gives chase, leaving his own dust cloud.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The fighting continues. Amid the fighting, the general crosses the battlefield."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"We're coming, Miss Nicks! Hang on!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Ma-a-a-a! Ma-a-a-a!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The South Park boys line up opposite the Afghan boys. Stan faces Akmarh, Kyle faces the boy in blue vest."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"All right, I've had just about enough of this! They told us in school, and on TV, that most people in Pakistan and Afghanistan like America."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,And you believe it? It is not just the Taliban that hates America. Over a third of the world hates America!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,But why? Why does a third of the world hate us?
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Because, you don't realize that a third of the world hates you!!!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,[considers the argument...] ...That doesn't make sense. You guys are just buttholes!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,You're butt-holes!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,"Stan, Kyle",You're buttholes!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. Osama and Cartman are now out in the open desert. Osama resumes slinking around"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Female voice,Youhoo.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"it's Cartman seated on a camel, dressed in a purple chador. Bin laden takes one look and he goes nuts over what he sees. His eyes bug out as he goes horizontal"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Haduqaduqaduqa. [Osama's tongue has rolled out to the floor. He tugs it and it rolls up like a classroom projection screen] Huqadukadukadukaduuu. [Osama whistles and then lustily howls like a wolf as he stomps his foot down on the ground. Cartman hops off the camel, walks some distance, and bats his eyes at bin Laden. Osama takes big steps towards Cartman, and the camera alternates between the two. Bin Laden stops short of Cartman... and leaps over him, landing on the camel's neck. Bin Laden starts kissing the camel all over, and Cartman removes his veil, looks at bin Laden, then looks at the camera]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[on bended knee] Oh bella, bella falafel. [brings out a bouquet of flowers]Mi amore. Fatwa, fatwa. [Cartman holds up a sign with a screw and a baseball on it, then puts it away. Bin Laden hops away, then returns with a table, two chairs, two glasses and some wine, and sets up a table for two. He sets the camel down on one chair and sits on the other one opposite the camel. He then serves up some glasses of wine]Ahh, de vino! Mi fatwa! J'ai une fatwa! [Cartman holds up four other signs: a jack and donkey, a pile of feces and a bald head, a rooster and lollipop, and Barbra Streisand]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"Outside Osama's cave, day. The boys have moved away from the cave entrance, and the fat Afghan boy has rejoined them. Beyond them the two forces continue fighting"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,"Do you really think your civilization is better than ours?! You people play games by killing animals, and oppress women!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,It's better than a civilization that spends its time watching millionaires walk down the red carpet at the Emmys!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"...He's got us there, dude. [pan out to see more fighting]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Tony,"[finds the goat and picks it up] I got her. I got Stevie Nicks. [carries it away. The Americans retreat, but continue firing away]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Me-e-e-eh.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,Nearby... Osama's grinning widely at the camel. Cartman walks up in a different costume - that of the fussy movie director.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,There you are! Where have you been? We have another anti-American video to create! [hauls bin Laden away.]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"Oh, dapidiuta ako. [Bin laden manages a wave good-bye at the camel.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Hur-ry, get into wardrobe! [bin Laden goes behind the walll and changes clothes. Cartman taps his foot impatiently] Oh hur-ry up, will you hur-ry?! [bin Laden comes out dressed as Uncle Sam] Oh, you look marvelous, dahling."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,Haqa hamahama.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,"Come on! The cameras are ready! [pulls bin Laden to his mark. Behind them, eight Taliban soldiers fire away at the Americans] Alright, there we go. Let's roll cameras. [walks off and returns with a director's megaphone and a firecracker] Oh, and here's your microphone. [hands Osama the firecracker]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[the Taliban soldiers see Uncle Sam and approach him] Ogh. America adirqadirqa- [looks around. The soldiers fire away at him. Bin Laden staggers, then looks at the object in his hand. Other Taliban soldiers rush in to see, and they all recognize whom they just shot.] Uh ohhh."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama and the Taliban Soldiers,"HAAAAAAGH! [the firecracker explodes, killing all the soldiers around it. Only Osama is left there at the point of impact, sitting on the ground, with his teeth dangling like piano keys. They play a few notes]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,We've done it! The Taliban is destroyed!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,Hoorayyy!!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Wow! I guess Cartman really did take care of them.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Osama bin Laden,"[flaps his lips with his finger, making some noise] Terrorists is the craziest peoples. Eheeee! [shows his teeth. An American soldier walks up behind bin Laden and dispatches him with one last shot]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier,I got him! I got him!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,"Well, it looks like the Taliban and bin Laden are finally out of power."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,"Yeup, you don't need us anymore. [they turn and walk away]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Hey, wait a minute. You know, you guys should know one thing. [the Afghan boys turn around] Most people in America are good people. We just try to live day by day, like you guys do. Maybe if you took some time to see all the great things about our country, you'd see... we're not so different after all."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Yeah.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Boy in Blue Vest,That's fine. But we still hate you. [the Afghan boys turn and walk away again]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Oh... Well, I guess, maybe, someday, we can learn to... hate you too."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Akmarh,[the Afghan boys look again] Maybe. In time. [they turn once again and walk off]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,I'm confused.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Scene Description,"USO concert. The stage is set amid the pup tents and soldiers clamor around in the audience. ""VICTORY!"" The general takes the stage"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"Great job, troops! Once again we have killed our enemies!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 5,[cheering] Hooray!
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldier 6,"Hooray! Yeah, we sure did!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,General,"The world is now safe, thanks to you. And so now, as promised, here is Fleetwood Mac with Stevie Nicks!"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Soldiers,"Whoa. Yeah. [the goat, dressed to look like Stevie Nicks, approaches the mic.]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fleetwood Mac,"Just like the wild winged bird sings a song-Stand back, she's singin'."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Maaa
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fleetwood Mac,Baby
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Maaa
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Fleetwood Mac,Babe
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Goat,Maa-ha [the concert continues. The three boys watch the performance.]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"Come on, let's go get to the plane. [turns left and walks away. The others follow. On the way there, Stan sees a flag on the ground and approaches it. He goes down on one knee, picks up the little flag, blows the dust off it, sets it into the ground, takes off his jacket, and wraps it around the base of the flag ]"
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,[approaching with Cartman] Dude! I almost thought those Afghani kids talked you into not liking America.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"No, dude. America may have some problems, but it's our home. Our team. And if you don't wanna root for your team, then you should get the hell out of the stadium."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,Yeah.
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[rises, steps back, and salutes] Go America."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Kyle,[salutes] Go America. [lowers his right arm] Go Broncos. [moves off]
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Stan,"[follows] Yeah, go Broncos."
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants,Cartman,Yeah. [follows the other two out]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School Gym, day. Stan, without his hat, is seated on a stool, none too pleased, before a backdrop of a meadow. Behind the photographer are the kindergartners and Mr. Adler's class"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Okay, now lift your chin a little. [no change on Stan's face] Look right here. Right here. [points at the camera lens] Hey, where's my smile? Come on, I bet you got a smile for me. I-I'm startin' to see a smile. [Stan doesn't smile] There it is. [FLASH!] Okay great, next."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,[reaches for his hat and puts it on] I didn't smile. [hops off the stool and walks away. A wider view shows Ms. Choksondik's class in line off to the right. The kids move forward. Butters heads for the stool]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,I hate picture day at school! It's always some gay-ass photographer with some gay-ass backdrop of New England!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[in dress shirt and tie, holds out his palms] Ah, hang on a second. My mom said to make sure I look good this time in... the school pictures. [pulls out a comb and some gel, dabs the gel on the comb, and combs his hair back. Four strokes, and he's done]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Okay, smile [Butters smiles, a lock of his hair goes up, and he blinks. Then the picture is taken, and Butters opens his eyes] Okay, next? [Butters hops off; Bebe, wearing heavy makeup, approaches and hops onto the stool]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,[joins Kyle at the end of the line] Did you go yet?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,No. This is taking forever.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[rushes up, giddily breathless] You guys! You guys! This is sooo funny!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"What, Cartman?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Dude, check it out: for picture day, Kenny got into his parka backwards, so that his ass shows through his hood. Look! [points]. Kenny, Kenny, over here! [Kenny comes in looking as Cartman described, with his hands on the floor and his feet in the air, laughing uncontrollably. After Kenny stands still, Cartman roars with laughter]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"It isn't that funny, Cartman."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Yes it is! [while this is going on, the other kids get their pictures taken, Token being the last one. He hops off the stool and walks away.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Next in line! Come on, let's keep it moving, kids! [Kyle walks up to the stool]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"...Don't listen to that Jew, Kenny, it's totally funny."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"[Kyle sits for the camera] Take off your hat, please."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,But I never take off my hat.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Come on now, I bet your parents want a picture of YOU lookin' natural."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,This is how I look natural.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Kyle, we're taking pictures without hats today!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[angrily] Crap. [takes off his hat to reveal big red bushy hair]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Smile! Come on, where's that smile? Is it gonna kill you to smile? I see a smile. [Kyle gives a small grin, and the picture is taken. He goes back to being angry, re-dons his hat and hops off the stool] Next!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Gay-ass. [Cartman hops on, takes off his hat and quickly strikes a pose]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"[takes the picture] Very nice. Okay, last one? [hops off laughing as Kenny approaches]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Uh oh. [laughs]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"Okay, have a seat, young man. [both Cartman and Kenny chuckle as Kenny sets himself down] Well, okay, lookin' great. Now where's that smile? Come on, give me a nice, wide smile. Wider. Perfect! [FLASH!]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Huh, how long 'til we get the pictures back?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,Should be about four days.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Four days?? Oh man, I can't wait that long!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, four days later, day. Inside, in Ms. Choksondik's class, Cartman is fidgeting rather loudly in his desk"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Heh, c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon! C'mon c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, class, I have your school photos to hand out-"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[bouncing in his seat] YES! YES!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Most of them are very nice. But, apparently, one of you thinks it's fun to spoil their school pictures [Kenny looks around], and thinks he's a comedian. That person will be spending the afternoon in the principal's office!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kenny,"(Aww, that's bullshit!)"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"School photos aren't for joking around, so you aren't getting your photo back, Butters! [thrusts the photo out for a close-up]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,Um-me?? Huh but I didn't do nothin'.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"For the rest of you, I think your pictures turned out very nicely."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"But, buut, but but what hey! Wait a minute! [the others get their photos and review them]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[rushes up and takes Kenny's photos] Let me see! [returns to his seat. Stan and Kyle look at Cartman curiously while Kenny looks on angrily]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[catches up to Ms. Choksondik as she sits at her chair] Bu-but Teacher, I didn't mean to look stupid in my picture. Honest!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[opens Kenny's envelope and looks at the photo, then roars with laughter] Dude, dude! Check it out! This is the sweetest thing I've ever done!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kenny,(You've ever done?!)
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[Laughs] Look at how the crap ...is sittin' right in the middle! [laughs some more]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"Eric, calm down. I'm trying to yell at Butters!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Okay, hokay, I'm sorry Ms. Chokesonrocks!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,"You know very well my name isn't Chokesonrocks, it's Choksondik! Say it right or you can go to the principal's with Butters!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,I'm sorry Ms. Choksondik.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,I tried to make a good picture. Honest.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ms. Choksondik,Your mother is waiting for you in the principal's office. [points towards the door]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"My mom? [turns around and walks out] Oh, sweet Jesus!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Hoh, Oh my God! More people have to see this picture, you guys. I'm gonna put it on the Internet or... No, wait! Kenny. [Kenny looks over] I just had the greatest idea... ever!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day. A receptionist in blue suit sits at her desk. The doors open and Cartman enters"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,Welcome to South Park Milk Company. Can I help you?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh, yes, hello. I am helping out a family who has a missing child, and I was wondering if you could print his photo on your milk carton? [stifles a laugh]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Oh, of course. Printing those photos on our milk really does help. Do you have the photo with you?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Yes, I have it right hmya. [shows her Kenny's school photo]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"[takes the photo] O-okay, great. We'll print it immediately."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"You will? [tries not to laugh, but some escapes] Ah. [stifles another laugh] Oh, ah, thank you for your help."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,Sure. If I could get a description of the child to print underneath the photo? [Cartman stops in his tracks and turns around]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh, yehes. Uh-heh. He has ah, blond hair, aha-and, ah, and a brown eye. [sniggers, then laughs] Brown eye! [laughs some more under his breath]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Okay, brown eye..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"And, and big rosy cheeks! [laughs some more]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,...Full cheeks...
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[cracks up] Full cheeks! [laughs] Winking brown eye, brown eye winking! [cracks up]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. A TV is heard."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Reporter,"Ms. Hamilton was the fourth person to be run over by a motorcycle this week, leaving a city to ponder, who will be next? [Stan and Kyle are on the sofa eating popcorn. The phone rings, and Kyle answers it]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Hello?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[between the laughter] You guys! You guys! You guys! [laughs uncontrollably]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Hello?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[more laughter] ...You guys!... [more laughter]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[getting annoyed] Cartman?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[more laughter] You guys! You guys! You guys! Hurry. [hangs up]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,What's he want?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[pissed off] I don't know. Let's go see. [they walk off]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, minutes later. Cartman can be heard laughing inside as Stan and Kyle approach his door. Kyle rings the doorbell and Cartman answers, still laughing."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Why'd you call us?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Come on. Come on. [whispers] Come on.[leads the way] Oho, this is so sweet! [still laughing as he walks to the sofa and picks up a milk carton] You guys, seriously, this is sooo sweet!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Goddamnit Cartman, what?! [Cartman hands him the carton and erupts in laughter as Stan and Kyle look it over]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,...You put Kenny's picture on a milk carton??
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Look at, look at the description. Brown eye! [falls to the floor, pounding the carpet with his fists in hysterics]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"That isn't funny, Cartman."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh, it's soo completely funny!! Ahaha this is certainly funny!!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"No it's not, Cartman. You know, there really are couples out there who are missing children."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"No there aren't. Jesus, grow up, you guys."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"A house in Wisconsin. A woman enters her kitchen with some groceries and sets them on the kitchen counter next to the sink. She pulls them out one by one, but stops when she pulls out the milk carton"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[gasps] Oh my God. Oh my God! [holds the carton close. Her face looks like a derriere] Steven! Steven, come quick!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"[rushes in. His face does also.] What is it, Martha?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,Look. It's him! It's... our son.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Our ssson!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day, a few days later. The Wisconsin couple are at the Dairy Gold Milk Company, talking to the receptionist. Their ""s"" and sometimes ""th"" comes out sounding like a raspberry"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,...and so that's when I called out to my husband. I just knew the boy picture on your milk carton was our little Tommy.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"[stunned] ... yes, I see. [pics up a milk carton carton] Uh, but the child on the milk carton was reported missing, not found."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"We realize that. But we just thought that maybe someone else had found Tommy, and then lost him again. We're pretty certain that it's our boy, considering his physical appearance. Martha and I have the... same condition."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,...Riiight.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"You may not have realized this, but we actually have buttocks where our heads should be."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,[flatly] ...Really?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Yes.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Steven and I have a condition called ""torsonic polarity syndrome."" It's a birth defect that's passed on genetically."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Over eleven people worldwide suffer from TPS.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"[flatly] Hmm, hmm, that's am-, that's amazing."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Martha and I were lucky enough to meet each other at a TPS convention in France.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,So... do you have heads down where your rear ends should be?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"No no, don't be silly. You see, with TPS, the birth defect is on the exterior only. Behind this we still have all our vital head organs - tongue, eyes, nasal passages..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Well, Mr. and Mrs..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Uh, Thompssson."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"...Thompson. Uh, I'll contact the young boy who gave me the photo, and perhaps we can all visit him together."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Oh, wonderful! Steven, we're goin' to see Tommy again!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Now, Martha, what did I say about getting our hopesss up?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,You're right. You're right.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, moments later. Cartman is laughing his ass off on the sofa when Stan and Kyle return to see him."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"...Okay Cartman, what do you want this time?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[gets up and hops off the sofa] Oho, you guys, you guys! Oh my God. [tries to compose himself] Okay, okay, so get this, get this: The milk company calls me, right? [wipes some moisture from his face] And they call me and say that two people from Wisconsin... saw the picture of Kenny on the milk carton, and they think it's their kid. [cracks up again]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"...Dude, that's not funny if they're missing their son."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"No, nonono! Because apparently these two people... also kind of look like they have butts where their heads should be! [waits a second, then roars with laughter again]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,...Nuh uh.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Oh yes! And the best part is... they're coming here, to my house. And it's gonna be sooo funny!! [roars with laughter again. The doorbell rings and all three look at the door] Oh Jesus, that's probably them now! Okay, you guys, just play it cool, just play it-, just-sshh. No, sshh, you guys, sshh. [walks over to answer the door. He stops and stifle a laugh] Just- okay [chuckles] No. [takes a few steps] Okay, okay, no, you guys, sh, sh. [steps to the door, takes a deep breath, and opens it, grinning]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[greeting] Hello, we're Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. [Cartman stands there grinning, then it disappears into a frown. A few moments later he turns around dejected.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Oh God.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"[starts laughing, but stifles it with his hands over his mouth] Hohly crahap, duhude, heh!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"No way! [Cartman turns around and looks again, frowning]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"We understand you've seen our son. [Cartman looks speechless, then turns around looking lost]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[very softly] Oh my... God. [walks away from the door quite afraid, then begins to ascend the stairs stammering nonsense]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Cartman, where are you going?? [Cartman keeps walking. The Thompsons simply shrug their shoulders, looking at each other]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[holds up the milk carton] Uh, excuse me, boys, do you know anything about this?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[giggles a bit] Uh
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,Oh boy.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Eh-heh. L-look, if you want an explanation, you you'd better go to Kenny's house."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,Yeah. He lives about four houses away in the bad side of town.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,[Steven puts his arm around her shoulder] Oh thank you. Thank you! [they turn and walk away. The receptionist waits for them on the walkway]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,Well?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,They said to inquire four houses down.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,Let's hurry! [leads the way down the street. Steven and the receptionist follow]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, moments later. Cartman is at a loss for words and looks scared. The door opens and Kyle and Stan walk in."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Ehheh, Cartman, what the hell are you doing?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Yeah, you missed them turning around."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"You guys, something's wrong."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,What?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,I think... I.. just.. saw the funniest thing I'll ever see. And I... think... I... blew a funny fuse.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,[quizzically] Blew a funny fuse?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[turns to face them] It was just too much and my sense of humor overloaded. [turns away] I don't think anything will ever be funny again. Oh God. What have I got?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Outside, on the sidewalk. Six kids are walking along: Kyle, Stan, Token, Clyde, Craig, and Tweek"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Clyde,You mean they both have butts instead of heads?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Yeah, dude, we'll show you. They're over at Kenny's."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Token,How do they eat?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,How the hell should we know? [the kids stop before a house]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Butters! Hey Butters! You have to check this out!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,[opens his bedroom window and looks down] W-what?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,You gotta come to Kenny's house with us.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,There's these two people with asses where their heads should be.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"Ahah-I can't, fellas. Ah-I'm grounded for lookin' stupid in my school picture."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"But dude, you gotta see it; it's hysterical!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Linda,"Butters can't come out and play, boys. He thinks it's funny to look like a jackass in his school pictures that I have to pay for!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"Huh, but I told you mom: ah-I didn't mean to look... like a jackass, eh. It just happened."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Linda,You made a goofy face!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,No! That's just what I look like. See?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Linda,"[turns around and looks up] ...Don't you make that face at me, young man!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"I'm not makin' a face, mom!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Linda,Stop it!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Craig,"...Come on, we wanna see the ass people."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Alright. [the kids turn left and walk away]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Linda,"Fine Butters! If you don't wanna stop making that stupid face at me, you can just stay in your room for another week! [goes inside and shuts the door.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,Another week? [turns around and drops down] I hate my stupid face.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, day. Cartman is on the couch laying on his back..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mr. Mackey,"Okay Eric, as your counselor, uh I want you to feel comfortable talking about anything, m'kay?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Mr. Mackey, is it possible that you can see something so funny that it ruins your sense of humor forever?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mr. Mackey,"Well, I can't think of anything that would be THAT funny."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Two people with asses for heads. Ever since I saw them I can't laugh at anything.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, I see, well... Well, what did you used to think was funny?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"You know, all the usual stuff. Dirty jokes, funny movies, seeing someone die... [Mr. Mackey is shocked by the last one] This morning, I even saw a little girl get her fingers caught in a car door and... I couldn't laugh. I mean I... I knew it was funny, but I couldn't laugh."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mr. Mackey,"Well Eric, I suppose that, just like everything else, laughter can be relative - in, in other words, sometimes people see somethin' so scary that nothin' else scares them, so, the same could be true for funny things."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[turns over to look at Mr. Mackey] So does that mean I'll never laugh again?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mr. Mackey,"It's possible, hm'kay? [Cartman turns over and lays on his back again] But you know, if you have completely lost your sense of humor, you can always become a writer for the show, ""Friends"" [laughs at the unexpected humor in his own statement]. Ohokahay, huhuh."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Ugh.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"The McCormick house, later. The Thompsons' car is parked outside, on the street. Inside, the McCormicks, the Thompsons and the receptionist are seated around the coffee table. A brick has replaced two of its legs. Kenny stands beside his mother."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Carol,"...and so you see, our son was just playing a joke and the little fat kid put it on the carton."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Yes. Yes, I see."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Carol,"Kenny, don't you think you owe the Thompsons an apology? [Kenny just stares at them]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"...No, it was foolish for us to get our hopes up."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"It was just such a coincidence, considering the photo. You may not have realized this, but Martha and I have buttocks where our heads should be."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stuart and Carol,Really?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, how long has it been since you've seen your son?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Tommy disappeared when he was only seven.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[leans into Steven's right shoulder, sobbing, and he comforts her] Oh, Steven, it's like it's all happening all over again. [sobs uncontrollably]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Carol,"[rises to soother her also] There there now. [looks around, then walks off]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Please, Mrs. Thompson, it'll be alright. [Martha continues sobbing] Listen, the South Park Dairy Company is the country's largest. We find lost children all the time. [Carol returns with a box of tissues. Martha takes one and blows her ""nose"" with it. Stuart walks off again, and Martha resumes sobbing and blowing her nose] We can help you find Tommy with the company's database![Martha blows her ""nose"" even harder and louder.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Carol,"[holds her arms out as if to keep Martha away] Yes, well, aaah-I'll help you find your son. Just stop cryin', Please, for the love of God, stop cryin'!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[blows her nose again and sobs some more, then tries to compose herself] Ah, agh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [blows her nose]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Mr. Thompson, how did your son become missing? Was he abducted?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Yes. He was in the care of our nanny at the time.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,The nanny that we trusted so much took off with him and we still don't know why. [Stan and Token are now looking in through the window. Kyle joins them. Martha sneezes] We think perhaps she wanted a child of her own. [a couple of hands try to get a grip on the window sill]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,And this was back in Wisconsin? [Craig soon rises into view outside]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Yes, but we last heard the nanny was heading west. [Token, Craig, and Kyle start laughing. Tweek pops up and pushes Craig out of the way to have a good look. Stan laughs, and Craig climbs up on Tweek.] That's why we thought Colorado made sssssense."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"We've tried every avenue to find him, [Officer Barbrady happens by and says something. The kids jump] but, we've never tried the milk company. [Stan seems to tell Barbrady to come over and look at the ass people.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Receptionist,"Well you just give us a try. I think you'll find that South Park Milk [Barbrady approaches] is not only the best resource for finding kids, [Barbrady's eyes widen] but also the best producer of the freshest 2% lowfat milk the world can offer. [Barbrady walks away and calls out to some people, then returns to the window]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Thank you. Thank you so much for helping us. [Mr. Garrison walks by and looks in, then seems to say ""Holy crap!""]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,This certainly is a friendly town. [Sheila shows up behind Kyle] You've all been sssssso wonderful. [Chef shows up behind Mr. Garrison]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Yes, I'm so grateful I just wanna cry again."
How to Eat with Your Butt,"Stuart and wife, and Receptionist",[they hold their palms out] NO!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"The Bijou Theater, day. ""Grossout Comedy 8"" is playing there. Inside, Cartman sits amid a bunch of older folk"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Male 1,"Dude, why are you wearing Shalayna's panties? [the audience laughs; Cartman sits there, glum, his head resting on his left hand.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Male 2,"I have to wear Shalayna's panties. Lisa's were in the wash. [the audience laughs; Cartman just blinks.] Look, can we just get this over with?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Male 1,"But dude, I can't French-kiss him. He's my grandpa! [the audience laughs]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Male 2,"Come on, dude."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Male 1,"Oh, alright Here it goes. Come'ere, Grandpa."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Audience,Aww
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[out of sorts] Oh, dude, oh."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jonesy,"[noticing] Dude, what's wrong with you?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Nothing's wrong with me. Uh-
How to Eat with Your Butt,Male 1,"Well, I'm glad that's over with. We'd better go back to the house now to see how Chris is doing. [Cartman fakes a laugh and the audience turns to look at him. Cartman manages a few weak laughs, then sinks in his seat]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day. An official leads the Thompsons through the factory. Cows are lined up in their stalls eating from personal troughs."
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"Uh Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, as President of the South Park Milk Company, I want to apologize personally for printing that falsified picture on our milk cartons."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Please, please. It's not your fault."
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"Ye-yes, but here at South Park Milk we strive for excellence. For instance, we are now entering the extraction room. [stops] As you can see, we keep it close to the refrigeration room. That way we can get the milk to the container as fast as possible. [commercial music comes up] That's why some say South Park milk tastes like you're suckin' it right from the cow's tits yourself."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,Amazing.
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"[a worker comes by with some food] Here, try a glass of our cold Vitamin D. And our fresh scones. [the Thompsons take some milk and scones and start eating]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Delicious.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Oh, excuse me. A little... difficult to drink with our condition. [the couple set their milks back on the tray and the worker walks out.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Martha and I actually have buttocks where our heads should be.
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,Really? Well. And in here we have our Missing Child Resource Center. [leads them into a large darkened room]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Oh my, isn't this impressive?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"Yes. With the Kelrom 4000, Mrs. Garthunk can search a database of over 30 million missing child cases."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"[the receptionist] We'll start the computer on a data search. Now, when did your son turn up missing?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Well, it was 1982. Tommy was only six at the time."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,Alright then. Computer...
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,Workiiing.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,Run a scan of missing children since 1982. Check for physical birth defects called TPS.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,TPS. Torsonic Polarity Syndrome. Child missing since 1982. Workiiing.
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,So you actually haven't seen your son in over 20 years?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,That's right.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"But then, why did you think the picture of Kenny was him. Wouldn't your son be much older now?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Yes, but since he appeared to be at least eight in the photo, [takes a bite out of the scone and chews it] we assumed someone had seen him since we did."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[pulls out a baby picture] This is the only photo we have of our little Tommy. [in diapers in a crib, looking like he's just finished eating]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,It's gonna take quite a while for the computer to do a scan of all missing kids.
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"Well, why don't we let Mrs. Garthunk do her work, and I'll take you two out for some good old Colorado chili. [walks out. The Thompsons follow him]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,We don't really like chili; it makes us throw up.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, living room, day. The door bell rings and Eric answers it. Jimmy stands at the entrance"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,"Well, hello, Eric. I was really glad you called me, very much."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Jimmy! Thank God! Get in here! [goes inside, and Jimmy follows, closing the door]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,What's this all about?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Jimmy, you've always been my favorite standup comic. You've gotta help me. I've lost my sense of humor."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,"Gee, that's a terrible thing, Eric. Um comedy can be the best therapy, very much."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,I just have to find my funny bone again! Just try and make me laugh.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,"Oh, I don't think that'll be hard. I've been working on my rr... routine."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Okay, let me have it."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,Okay. Try this one on for size: Why did the... pigeon cross the road?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Okay, why?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,"Because it was having sex with the chihi... Because it was having sex with the ch-hi-hi... Because it was having sex with the ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch... eh, it was having sex with the ch-ch-hiicken. [Cartman doesn't respond]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"...Naw, see? Somethng's wrong. I'm not laughing."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,"Wow, what a great audience... How about this classic? Knock-knock."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Who's there?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,Orange.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Orange who?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,Orange you glad I didn't say banoo'n? Orange you glad I didn't say banoo'n? Orange you glad I didn't say bbb? Orange you glad I didn't say beh buhuhnnnaana?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[stares back] ...naw, that didn't work either."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,"Wow, w-what a great audience... Knock-knock."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Who's there?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,An interrupting ca'ow.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,An interrupting cow who
How to Eat with Your Butt,Jimmy,[interrupting] Moooooo! [...no response.] ...What a terrific audience. [the two of them stand in the middle of the living room looking at each other]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day. Mrs. Garthunk is still at the computer doing her search"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Hah, let's see. The Dallas-Ft. Wroth area. I haven't tried there yet. Computer?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,Workiiing.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Scan for any children reported found in the Dallas-Ft. Wroth area, with a facial deformity."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,Workiiing. [some computer noises] Negative.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Ugh. This is hopeless! ...Wait a minute, let's try it this way: Computer?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,Workiiing.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,Scan databanks for children who reported their parents missing.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,Workiiing. [some computer noises] One million six thousand hits.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Alright, then break it down to claims in the past twenty years."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,Workiiing. [some computer noises] Three hundred twenty-one thousand hits.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Alright, now run a scan on homogenized versus pasteurized skim milk."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,"In skim form, homogenized has longer shelf life by 2.3 weeks."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Okaaay, okay, now give me a breakdown of people who are seeking their parents who also suffer from a disease called T P S."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,"Torsonic Polarity Syndrome, plus, a claim to not know parents: one match"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,Bingo. Do you have a photo
How to Eat with Your Butt,Computer,"Printiiing. [the screen reads ""Processing"". A picture starts appearing on screen]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,My God. Oh my God!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Sidewalk, day. Six boys walk down the street again, only Kenny has replaced Tweek among the boys. They stop at Butters' house again,and again, Kyle calls out."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Butters! Hey Butters!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,[opens his windows; has a paper bag over his head] Hehyeah?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"They found the butt-face people's son, Butters. They're gonna have a big reunion at the milk company!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"Aw gee, thah-at sounds swell, fellas, but I can't go 'cause I'm still havin' behavioral problems."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,Why are you wearing a paper bag on your head?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"Uh, my parents are makin' me wear this paper bag until I learn... to stop makin' silly faces all the time. They've really had it up to [raises his hand high] here with me."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stephen,Butters? Are you ready to stop with the stupid faces?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[hops down to the floor] I sure am, Dad!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stephen,"Alright, you can take the paper bag off."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[removes the bag] Thanks, Dad! Ah I'm sorry I was bad-"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stephen,"Oh, very funny, young man! You think it's clever to make yourself up like a girl?!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"Hububut Dad, ah I didn't lick a-"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stephen,Did you use your mother's makeup?! She's gonna be furious!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,I'm not wearin' makeup Dad! I uh-
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stephen,Put that bag back on!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Butters,"[subdued] Yes, sir. [slips the bag over his head again]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Dude, that poor kid. [walks off]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Clyde,"Yeah, we gotta remember to kick his ass tomorrow. [turns with the other boys and follows Kyle off. Butters slams his windows shut]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, day. Cartman sits on his bed dejected. He's unwrapped a box and a gun sits on his bed to his left, a notepad and pencil to his right. He picks up the pad and pencil and writes..."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Dear Mom: I can no longer stand to be without a sense of humor. Without laughter, the world is a cold and sad place, and I can't go out to face it anymore. Please tell everyone why I won't be at school."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"He sets the notepad down and looks at it for a moment, then he reaches over for the gun. He opens his mouth and puts the barrel of the gun in... and bites it off. It's a chocolate gun, and he sets the remainder down on the bed again"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,And please buy me more chocolate guns. I'm starting to run out.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,He picks up the chocolate again and takes another bite. Then he looks at the box the gun came in
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,Please get the kind with marshmallow inside. I don't like the peanut-butter filled one.Eric.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Dairy Gold Milk Company, day. A TV 4 news van and crew are present. Some of the factory workers are present in the background as the president of the company stands behind some microphones. The Thompsons stand next to the president. A sign behind them asks, ""Got Missing Kids?"""
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"And so it is with great pride that we have flown little Billy Thompson out here, to be reunited with his parents for the first time in twenty years. [Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Craig, Token, and Clyde show up and watch.] Mrs. Garthunk? [moves aside as she steps up]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mrs. Garthunk,"Thank you, Mr. President. I'm proud to be an employee of South Park Milk, [music plays] which to date has found over a hundred thousand missing kids, and, led the way in the fight against curdling. Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, your son grew up not knowing who his parents were. [a shot of the Thompson couple] But he was strong and resilient, [a shot of the crowd] and ended up becoming very successful. I think it will amaze you as it will all of us to learn that your son... is Ben Affleck! [a picture is taken. The people in the crowd look puzzled]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,"Come around here, Ben! [a man makes his way through the crowd as the people clap and cheer. It's Ben Affleck]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Ben Affleck,Mom! Dad!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,[opens his arms] Son!
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"[opens her arms] Oh, son! [Ben walks into their embrace as more pictures are taken]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,[walking up to the other boys] What's goin' on?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Dude, the ass-faces' son is Ben Affleck!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Oh, our same ol' Ben!"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Martha,"Oh, I'm so happy! [starts kissing him with her ass-face cheeks. Ben grimaces]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Mr. Garrison,"Wow, I never realized Ben had TPS, but I definitely see the resemblance now. [Mrs. Thompson is still crying and kissing Ben.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,"Aw, son. [begins kissing him, and Ben grimaces again]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,President,Isn't this wonderful?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Photographer,"[gets into position] Okay gang, give me a big smile. [the Thompsons face the camera with Ben and the picture is taken. The crowd then disperses, and a man behind the boys is writing something on a note pad. He walks away as well.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Well, looks like everything turned out alright for them."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Yeah, I guess now we'll have to call him Ben Assfleck. [breaks into a grin and starts laughing] Ben Assfleck, say that's funny."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"[noticing] Hey, you're laughing, Cartman."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"Hehey, you're right! Oho, this is great! Ben Assfleck! [laughs some more.]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Well wait a minute. Don't you see what happened?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"A-heh, what?"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,Everything turned out okay for those people. And so now you can laugh.
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,Huh?
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"When Cartman first opened the door, and saw the Thompsons, he felt bad for playing a joke on them. Now that everything's turned out alright, he's able to laugh."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Oh, you're right. Cartman had a feeling of remorse."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"E-heh. No no no, I blew a funny fuse."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"There is no such thing as a funny fuse, Cartman. You felt bad."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Cartman,"[silent sigh] Whatever. All I know is that I can laugh again. I'm gonna go home and eat another chocolate gun. Come on, Kenny! [Kenny follows Cartman, and they begin to cross the road. Kenny remains behind Cartman, and the sound of a motorcycle draws close]"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Motorcycle Driver,[running over Kenny] Dangit! [Cartman spins to see Kenny's bloody body on the road... and roars with laughter]
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,"Stan and Kyle face Cartman. Behind them the crowd consists of only the camera crew, Mrs. Garthunk, Ben Affleck and the Thompsons, and the workers"
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Wow, Cartman actually felt bad for somebody and couldn't laugh at them."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Kyle,"Our little man is growing up, Stan. He's growing up."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Stan,"Yeah, I guess we all are. Maybe things are finally gonna start getting a more sophisticated around here."
How to Eat with Your Butt,Scene Description,Close-up of the Thompsons taking turns kissing Ben Affleck. Mrs. Thompson sobs and blows her nose
How to Eat with Your Butt,Steven,Aw son! [kisses him]
The Entity,Scene Description,"Denver International Airport, day. Inside the terminal people are in long lines waiting to get their tickets or get on a plane. Mr. Garrison waits in line to have his bags scanned"
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"Jesus Christ, these lines are ridiculous! I'm gonna miss my flight! [sees a guard] E- Excuse me, there are two other security checkpoints. Why can't you open those, too?"
The Entity,Security Guard,Uh I don't know nothin'.
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"But you work for the- [the guard turns around and walks way] uh, God-damnit!!"
The Entity,Voice,[over the PA system] Snooty Airlines announces the arrival of flight 239 from Connecticut.
The Entity,Scene Description,The Broflovskis stand in front of a perfume shop
The Entity,Sheila,"That's your cousin's flight, Kyle. Hold the sign up nice and high so he can find us."
The Entity,Kyle,What's he look like?
The Entity,Sheila,He's your age and about your height.
The Entity,Kyle,I'm stoked my cousin is comin' to live with us. It'll be just like having a brother. [Ike flashes an angry look]
The Entity,Ike,I todd a nurra.
The Entity,Sheila,"Oh, there he is. [waving] Over here, Kyle! [a boy wearing a NY cap and a #34 shirt appears. Kyle grins and holds up the sign. The boy looks to his right and walks off. Another boy appears, with bushy hair and a part down the middle and thick glasses]"
The Entity,Kyle Schwartz,"Hello, Aunt Sheila."
The Entity,Sheila,How was your flight? [Kyle lowers the sign and looks stunned]
The Entity,Kyle Schwartz,"Oh, it was terrible. They recycled the air on board and it really did a number on my asthma. I-I-e-I asked them to turn up the oxygen and they wouldn't. [walks up and joins the family]"
The Entity,Sheila,You remember Uncle Gerry.
The Entity,Kyle Schwartz,"Hi, Uncle Gerry."
The Entity,Sheila,"[kneels on one knee] And these are your cousins, Ike and Kyle."
The Entity,Kyle,Hey dude.
The Entity,Kyle Schwartz,It's nice to meet you.
The Entity,Sheila,"Let's get down to the baggage claim, Kyle. [rises and moves]"
The Entity,Both Kyles,Okay:
The Entity,Sheila,"[returns and genuflects again] Oooh, that's right! We've got two Kyles now. We'll just call you [to the nephew] Kyle, and you can be Kyle... [to the son] Two! [holds up two fingers and walks off. Kyle Schwartz (Kyle) follows her while Kyle Broflovski (Kyle Two) sorts this out]"
The Entity,Kyle Two,Cool. [follows the others out]
The Entity,Scene Description,Ticket counter. Mr. Garrison's turn has come up and he approaches the counter
The Entity,Clerk,[female] Next?
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, I feel like I've run a marathon. [hands her his ticket]"
The Entity,Clerk,"[starts typing away] Mmmokay, the 2:30 flight to Cheyenne has boarded. Looks like you didn't make it."
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"What? Well of course I didn't make it. The line to check in was two hours long, and the security line was two hours more!"
The Entity,Clerk,"Nnnyeah, no problem, though. We'll get you on the 7 a.m. flight tomorrow morning."
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"I can't go tomorrow, the Jizzfest is tonight!"
The Entity,Clerk,[ignoring comments] Would you like a window or an aisle seat?
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"This is unbelievable! You know, I seem to remember when the airlines said, ""We need a 15 billion dollar bailout from the taxpayers-""!"
The Entity,Clerk,"Mmokay, and have any of your personal items been out of your possession since you left?"
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,[people in the lines hear him and turn to look] Well we gave them the 15 billion dollar bailout and they fired their employees anyway! So now we have three people to clear 400 passengers!
The Entity,Man,"Hey, he's right!"
The Entity,People,YEAH!
The Entity,Clerk,"Okay, and bags have been with you at all times?"
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"So where did that money go? I'll tell you where it went: it went into the pockets of the presidents and CEOs of the airlines, so they can keep their multimillion-dollar salaries!"
The Entity,People,YEAH!
The Entity,Clerk,[prints out a pass and hands it out for Garrison to get] And here's your boarding pass for tomorrow morning.
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"You think you can treat us however you want because we HAVE to fly! Well I'll tell you what, Sally Sassalot, I'm gonna come up with a NEW mode of transportation! A ahah brand new vehicle that'll put all you bastards out of business!"
The Entity,People,YEAH! ALRIGHT! GO!
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"You think I can't do it?! I got a master's degree in mechanical engineering at Denver Community College! You watch me!! [turns and stretches his arms over the crowd] Come on, everybody!"
The Entity,People,YEAH!
The Entity,Man,"[next in line, approaches the clerk] Can I get on that 7:30 a.m. flight?"
The Entity,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night. The family is seated around the dining room table as Sheila enters with soup in hand"
The Entity,Sheila,"Here we go, Kyle Two. [Kyle Two smiles at the soup he's gotten] And here's yours, Kyle. [Kyle inspects it]"
The Entity,Kyle,"[sniffs] Oh, uh, wawawhat is this?"
The Entity,Kyle Two,Mom's special stew. She makes it every Monday and I love it.
The Entity,Kyle,"Oh is, is this beef?"
The Entity,Kyle Two,"Yeah, dude, it's great! [eats the soup with gusto]"
The Entity,Kyle,"Uha, wa, actually, I- I can't eat beef. I have a degenerative problem with my intestinal lining, and beef really gives me gaass."
The Entity,Sheila,"Oh, I'm so sorry, Kyle. What else can I fix you?"
The Entity,Kyle,"Oh no, I d- I don't want to be a bother, I uh-"
The Entity,Sheila,Nonsense. Can't I make you some nice pasta? Or a frozen fish fillet?
The Entity,Kyle,"We-ull, some fish would be great if it isn't too much trouble."
The Entity,Sheila,[rises and heads for the kitchen] I'll put it in the microwave right away. [heavy breathing is heard. Kyle Two looks at his cousin]
The Entity,Scene Description,"Kitchen, moments later. Sheila has gotten the fish and breaks it apart on the kitchen counter. Kyle Two appears at the doorway"
The Entity,Kyle Two,Mom?
The Entity,Sheila,"Yes, Kyle Two?"
The Entity,Kyle Two,How am I related to him again?
The Entity,Sheila,"He's your cousin, Kyle Two. I told you already."
The Entity,Kyle Two,"Yeah, but like... first cousin or distant cousin?"
The Entity,Sheila,He's my sister's son. That makes him your first cousin.
The Entity,Kyle Two,So we have the same blood?
The Entity,Sheila,"Now Kyle Two, listen to me. Kyle is going through a very tough time in his life. His mother is very sick and he's in a whole new place. He's going to rely on you to make sure he fits in at your school."
The Entity,Kyle Two,What? How the hell am I supposed to do that?
The Entity,Sheila,I'm sure your friends will love him.
The Entity,Kyle Two,"What about Cartman, huh? He rips on me for being Jewish! He's gonna tear this kid apart!"
The Entity,Sheila,"Kyle Two, he's your responsibility."
The Entity,Kyle Two,Oh my God.
The Entity,Sheila,I'm sure you two will become great friends with lots of late night pillow talk.
The Entity,Kyle Two,Well what do you mean? [she catches her breath] What room is he sleeping in?
The Entity,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, past bed time. Both Kyles are in bed, the cousin getting used to the bed."
The Entity,Kyle,"What's this comforter filled with? Um, it isn't filled with down, is it?"
The Entity,Kyle Two,"I don't know, dude."
The Entity,Kyle,"Ih it sure is quiet up here in the mountains and it's dry, too. Do you have a humidi-humidifier?"
The Entity,Kyle Two,I don't think so.
The Entity,Kyle,"Uh, can you take my stupid glasses and put them on the night stand. Make sure they're close by, because that fish upset my stomach and I might need them if I have to go to he bathroom later on."
The Entity,Kyle Two,"Okay. [reaches for the light and turns it off, then tries to sleep. That distinctive breathing returns as Kyle slowly goes to sleep, and Kyle Two takes a peek. Kyle swallows and turns his head to the left. Kyle Two looks at him, annoyed, then turns his back on Kyle and tries to sleep again]"
The Entity,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's house, night. He's working at an artist's desk in his bedroom. On the wall are drawings of various types of aircraft, and on the floor around him are bits and pieces of all kinds of vehicles, including bicycle gears, airplane propellers, car motors, a muffler. To his right is a dresser with a small color TV on top. Mr. Hat is present on his right hand, as always"
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"Now it's got to be simple. Like a moped, but with the ability to travel at much faster speeds. The designs of our electrical moped were altered with a- no, nonono this won't work either!"
The Entity,Mr. Hat,What was wrong with that plan?
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"It has to be more stable, Mr. Hat! A moped would be too dangerous at those speeds. Damnit! [tries something new] Now, what if the jet power of an aircraft could be scaled down into a personal vehicle?"
The Entity,Mr. Hat,"Boy, that Enrique Iglesias can sure gyrate his hot ass around."
The Entity,Enrique Iglesias,"[on TV, gyrating his hips around, holding his crotch in his left hand, the back of his head with the right one] ...I think about you day and night. I think about you..."
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, Mr. Hat! Would you stop drooling over Enrique Iglesias and... wait a minute. What did you say?"
The Entity,Mr. Hat,I said Enrique Iglesias can sure gyrate his hot ass!
The Entity,Mr. Garrison,That's it. Gyration. [pulls something onto his desk] A gyroscope. [sets it in motion] It would allow for maximum balance and yet... Mr. Hat! You're a genius! [starts writing again] It's so simple and yet genius!
The Entity,Mr. Hat,"Check out his hot bulge, too."
The Entity,Scene Description,"Bus stop, next day. Kenny, Stan and Cartman wait at the stop. The two Kyles walk up to them"
The Entity,Stan,Hey dude.
