Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"Why would I want to destroy an entire species? You have the wrong idea about me, Jimmy. The person trying to change things and make things terrible is the new principal."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"And what is the new principal trying to do, Leslie?"
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"He's trying to make sure that people like you and me aren't allowed to exist. I know that you're trying to help. I know that the newsmen in there are trying to help too. [Kevin glances back at Tom] But now I'm going to tell you something very important, Jimmy. [the newsmen lean in towards the monitors. A popup car ad appears, and they can't see or hear what Leslie is saying.]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The meeting room
Truth and Advertising,The Chevy Ad,"[a driver walks up to his truck and plays with his dog] Like a rock. I drive a Chevy, I'm a cowboy, and I drive it like a rock."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,What the hell is that?
Truth and Advertising,Kevin,"Tom, it looks like a popup ad."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,How did an ad get in here? Let's go to David at the network hub.
Truth and Advertising,David,"No answers here, Tom. We're trying to correct the problem."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The interrogation room. The room is now bathed in red light, a sign that the room is secure and no one can see or hear what's going on inside from outside"
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"You have to get me out of here, Jimmy. They're going to kill me."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,What?
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"Listen to me carefully and don't look at the glass. I feel something for you I have never felt before. I think it's trust. The men in there are sick with hatred and as soon as they realize I have no information they are going to burn me. I've seen them do it to others. Please, you have to help me, Jimmy. Don't let them hurt me. Please don't abandon me. When the lights go back on just look at me and smile."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The meeting room
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"David, any word on the popup ad situation?"
Truth and Advertising,David,"Tom, we've just about got it fixed. It should be ready now. [the newsmen turn to look at the monitors, and Leslie is down]"
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"And that's really it, Jimmy. I want to help all of you however I can. [he looks at her, and smiles a second later]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Foot Vault, a shoe store. The boys are getting fitted for new shoes and enjoying themselves. They had gone to McDonald's and ordered chicken McNugget's and sodas, which they are now consuming in the shoe store"
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"And then Token tells Clyde that if his mouth was a bank, Clyde's mom would have already deposited her dick in it. Which is hilarious because Clyde's mom is dead. [the boys burst out laughing again]"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,Wait wait wait wait whoa whoa. What the hell are we doing?
Truth and Advertising,Butters,"We're tryin' on shoes and eatin' chicken nuggets, stupid. What do you think?"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,No. That's not what we set out to do.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,We were... We were on Cartman's computer looking up news stories about PC Principal.
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,Didn't we finish doing that?
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"No, we didn't."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,It's like... someone's trying to... distract us. [looks suspiciously at Stan] Because they're worried what we'll uncover about PC people.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Yeah, like one of us is purposefully trying to keep us from digging too deep because they're afraid."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Why are you looking at me?
Truth and Advertising,Stan,Why are you looking at me?
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,Why isn't anyone looking at me?
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Park Motel, day. Caitlyn's car is parked over two people in front of Room 10. Caitlyn closes the blinds. Mr. Garrison splashes some water onto Randy"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Hey, fuck you."
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"Wake up, dickhead!"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,[opens his eyes] Garrison? The hell is wrong with you?!
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"I'll tell you what's wrong with me! There's enemies to humanity out there wantin' to put an end to all of us, and there's assholes like you helpin' them out!"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,I don't know what you're talking about.
Truth and Advertising,Victoria,Whose idea was it to revitalize the shitty part of town into an arts and foods district called ShiTpaTown?
Truth and Advertising,Randy,
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,Son of a bitch!
Truth and Advertising,Randy,What? To take one area of town that was rappy and gentrify it for the local people to enjoy? I thought we could keep it contained.
Truth and Advertising,Victoria,"It doesn't contain. What's happened to South Park is happening everywhere. [brings out a photo book and flips through some pictures] Thirty miles south of here in the town of Fairplay, they've changed the area north od Downtown into NoDoFoPa. A rundown area south of the capital in Cheyenne, Wyoming, is now historic SoCaCheyWo. Channel Street in mid-Chicago is being revitalized into Chimichanga."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,Oh my God.
Truth and Advertising,Victoria,"LoDo, SoBro, RivMo, all happening at the same time. And it isn't just in the U.S. In Cairo, the area northwest of the third pyramid is NoWe3Pi. Three miles north of Auschwitz is NoMoAuchie. It goes on and on!"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,What does it mean?
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"In our town it all started when PC Principal arrived. He's part of a mjuch larger conspiracy, and you're his lackey."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Not me. If PC Principal has been using us, I'll take the bastard down myself."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The PC Delta house, day. A reporter files this report"
Truth and Advertising,Reporter,"It's day two of the hunger strike started by the college-aged fraternity brothers who are demanding that all of South Park's community leaders step down. The PC frat brothers say they've gone now two days without eating any pussy, and will continue to do so until people resign."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Who is that reporter? Do we... know him?
Truth and Advertising,Kevin,"Tom, that's Bill Keegan, WCFO."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Thanks, Brian. [Jimmy sneaks past the newsmen in the background] He's working for the ads, obviously. Sellout douche-bag."
Truth and Advertising,Newsman,"That's right, Tom. He was always a douche-bag at the conventions."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Thanks, Rick. Stay dry."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,The interrogation room door opens. Leslie looks up. Jimmy peeks in
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Leslie, come on."
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,Jimmy. You're gonna help me?
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Yeah I'm gonna help you. I mean, come on."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The meeting room. Jimmy and Leslie make it to the entrance, but the sound of his crutches draw the newsmen's attention"
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Jimmy! [Jimmy and Leslie turn around]
Truth and Advertising,Newsman 2,"Oh Jesus, he let her out."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"PC Principal is our enemy, not her."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,His dick is compromised. [spreads his arms out to protect the newsmen] Stay back! [the newsmen and Barbrady step back a few feet]
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,It is not my dick. I am thinking rationally and with logic. I am taking her out of here!
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Well then, [pulls a gun out of his inside coat pocket and aims it at Jimmy] I'm sorry I'm going to have to do this, Jimmy. [walks over to Barbrady and gives him the gun] Officer Barbrady, we need you to shoot these kids."
Truth and Advertising,Barbrady,What?
Truth and Advertising,Tom,The ad has got to him. [puts Barbrady into a shooting stance] There's no time to argue.
Truth and Advertising,Barbrady,I'm not shooting any more kids.
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Do you want to save your town?!
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Officer Barbrady, we have to stop PC Principal before it's too late."
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"Barbrady, shoot them in their heads!"
Truth and Advertising,Barbrady,"No! I'm not shooting any more people! Not for you, not for nobody!"
Truth and Advertising,Tom,"You're making the worst mistake of your life, officer."
Truth and Advertising,Barbrady,"Maybe so. All I know is I'm done shooting people! [his gun goes off and grazes Kevin on his left shoulder, causing it to bleed]"
Truth and Advertising,Kevin,Augh!
Truth and Advertising,Barbrady,"Oh sorry. Jeez. [Jimmy and Leslie exit first, then Barbrady follows and closes the door]"
Truth and Advertising,Tom,Dammit!
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Think about it, you guys. From the moment that PC Principal took over Kyle has been different. Haven't you noticed?"
Truth and Advertising,Butters,Yeah.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"He's distracting us, either because he's too afraid or because he- [Kyle arrives with his lunch and sits next to him. Butters is stunned that Kyle showed up]"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Well what are you guys talking about?
Truth and Advertising,Butters,Nothin'.
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,Stan's calling you a traitor.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,What?!
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Kyle, I think it's pretty obvious you don't want us investigating PC Principal."
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"And why do you think that, Stan?!"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,I don't know.
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"Because if anyone has a reason for us not mess with PC Principal, it's you! Let's not forget that Stan's dad is PC Principal's little bitch!"
Truth and Advertising,Butters,"Wuh huh, that's a good point."
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,I am loving this right now.
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"My dad's stupid, not a bitch! This is about you being scared, Kyle!"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"It is you, isn't it?! That's why you're trying to shift the blame on me. That's very Cartman of you, Stan!"
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,Hoh that's low. [smiles]
Truth and Advertising,Stan,Don't you dare call me a Cartman!
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"N-ho, that's good! Just keep on distracting everybody! It seems to be working, Cartman!"
Truth and Advertising,Stan,"Fuck you, Kyle! [delivers a left hook and Kyle falls off the lunch bench]"
Truth and Advertising,Cartman,"Fight! [the kids gather round to watch. Half of them are cheering them on, the other half stay quiet. Nathan stops by to see what's going on.]"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The PC Delta house, night. A lone jogger runs by it, only to be mowed down by Caitlyn and her passengers, who all get out of the car and walk towards the house"
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,Time to take this asshole down!
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"[gets in front of the group] Whoa whoa whoa, guys, whoa! We can't just go walking in there."
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,Why not?
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"This is a safe space. We're not allowed past this. When you breach a college safe space, you're crossing the most sacred human boundary there is."
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,"J'hoh, give me a break."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Nonononono, look, this is very real, and very important in PC culture. Every human has a right to a safe space and it cannot be entered."
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,[determined] I can. Watch. [lifts up the PC tape and walks under and on to the house]
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Wow, how did you-? [Principal Victoria and Caitlyn Jenner do the same] Whoa."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"The school newsroom, day. Nathan is at the computer typing away very slowly. The camera moves enough to reveal Jimmy and Leslie at the door"
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Burning the midnight oil, huh Nathan?"
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,Jimmy.
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,You sonofabitch. What have you done to the Super School News?
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"I was just holding down the fort while you were away, Jim."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,Writing headlines sponsored by PC Principal and the ads? How much did they pay you?!
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"Please, Jimmy, I'm just trying to survive here."
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,"Everyone's gonna know the truth, Nathan. We're getting a new edition of the school paper out by morning. Everyone's gonna know all about the ads. [Leslie punches him and he goes flying into a bookcase. She walks over and punches him five more times, then turns around and walks off to close the door. She returns and throws him up in the air. He hits the ceiling and falls to the floor. Leslie walks past Nathan, who laughs at Jimmy's misfortune]"
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,Deal with him. [gets on the computer and starts searching]
Truth and Advertising,Jimmy,Leslie... I thought we were b-b-b-besties.
Truth and Advertising,Nathan,"Hey there, big man. Editor of the school paper, huh? You still don't even know half the story."
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"PC Delta, later. Caitlyn is moving around like a detective through the lobby"
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,It's clear.
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,Where is everybody? I thought the news said they're on a hunger strike.
Truth and Advertising,Randy,It doesn't make sense. Someone's always here.
Truth and Advertising,Victoria,Take a look at this! [the other three adults walk over to see what she's seeing - the same State Farm ad of PC Principal and Leslie as before]
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,What the hell?
Truth and Advertising,Victoria,It looks like he was researching this. You see this news story?
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"If this is true, then... PC Principal's trying to help."
Truth and Advertising,Randy,Click on that. What is that?
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"No, click out of that. What is this?"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Foot Vault. Caitlyn, Randy, Principal Victoria, and Mr. Garrison are trying on new shoes, like Stan and friends did before, and enjoying themselves"
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"So, so then, so then Caitlyn says ""Look bitch, you're married to Bill Clinton. If anyone should be afraid of AIDS, it's you."""
Truth and Advertising,Caitlyn,That stupid bitch had it coming. [they all laugh]
Truth and Advertising,Garrison,"Oh God, I love you, Cait. We're so gong to win the primaries. [they all laugh]"
Truth and Advertising,Randy,"Whoa, whoawhoawhoa wait wait wait. What, what were we doing again?"
Truth and Advertising,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, evening. The doorbell rings and Kyle goes to answer it. Leslie is outside, shivering"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,Leslie.
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"You're trying to find out what's going on, right? But your friend is standing in your way?"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,How do you know thi-?
Truth and Advertising,Leslie,"I can show you what's going on, Kyle. But you have to trust me. [holds out her hand] What's the last four digits of your Sosh?"
Truth and Advertising,Kyle,"2692 [They shake hands, and he leaves the house with her]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The outskirts of Moscow, day. A silhouetted figure is walking away from the city, tightly wrapped to protect against the icy wind and snow. He's dressed for a winter hike. He finds a bar and opens the door, and a bunch of angry Russian faces look back at him. The bar is dimly lit. The figure goes inside and closes the door. He loosens his scarf and lowers his hood. It's PC Principal."
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. I don't know about you, but I for one am sick and tired of hate speech that serves to marginalize others."
PC Principal Final Justice,Russian 1,"[balding, with facial stubble] Is it him?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Russian 2,"[with mustache] Yes, it's him. PC Principal."
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"[walks up to the bar and puts his pickaxe aside, and drinks the glass of water waiting for him] You know, if there's one thing that makes me sick, it's when a race thinks they're superior and don't know how to check their privilege. [a Russian walks up to him and lays a hand on his shoulder. PC Principal responds with a right hook. A second Russian attacks, and PC Principal responds with a knee to the chest and slams him onto a table, which shatters under him. PC Principal then stands over him and stomps on his face, shattering his head to pieces. A third Russian lunges at him with a knife, but he kicks that Russian in the face, then delivers a head butt and snaps his neck in half. The remaining Russians back away. A fourth Russian attacks him, but he breaks that Russian's arm and punches him away. A fifth one attacks, and he punches him away. A sixth one attacks with a cue stick, but PC Principal snaps the stick in two and jabs the thick end into the Russian's right eye. A seventh one takes a shot at him, but he takes the gun and jabs the ax into the Russian's head. An eighth Russian walks up to him, but throws his hands up when PC Principal aims the gun at him.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Russian 3,I'm not one of them! I'm not one of them!
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"An African-American flips a turtle over on its back. A transgender Filipino comes and sees the helpless turtle baking in the sun. What color is the Filipino's father? [The Russian doesn't know how to answer] I didn't think you were human. [the Russian lunges at him, but he fires off four shots through the Russian's head and kicks him in the face. He then notices his axe and pulls it out of the seventh Russian's head. He turns around and walks out of the bar.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids mill around in the hallway. Bebe goes to her open locker, Wendy walks her way, Craig and Tweek walk by holding hands."
PC Principal Final Justice,Butters,"[still in his halo, talking to Charlotte on his iPhone] Yeah, everybody's pretty freaked out over here, baby. Everyone is on edge and feelin' really nervous."
PC Principal Final Justice,Charlotte,"That sounds terrible. Be careful, Butters."
PC Principal Final Justice,Butters,"I will, honey."
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Butters. [Butters' smile vanishes] Get to the bathroom. Now. [Butters is a bit alarmed]
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The boys' restroom, later. Kyle is inside and locks the door. He turns to see the other four boys - Stan, Cartman, Butters, and Kenny"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Alright Kyle, what's this about?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Jimmy's dead.
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,What?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,"I know the whole story. PC Principal killed him, and tried to kill Leslie, but she got away."
PC Principal Final Justice,Kenny,"(Are you fuckin' serious, dude?)"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,PC Principal is part of a huge network of radicals who kill everyone who doesn't follow their PC ideology.
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,How do you know all this?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Because Leslie's with me. I'm keeping her safe.
PC Principal Final Justice,Butters,"Heh, [sing-song] Kyle's got a girlfriend?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,It gets worse. Someone in this town helped these people come here. That person faked the Bill Cosby joke to get Principal Victoria fired.
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,Who would use a Cosby joke to push their own agenda?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,I think it's obvious. Stan's dad.
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,Kyle!
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,"Stan, your dad is one of them. He had to be the one to let them in."
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"[gets in his face] You're letting paranoia and suspicion get the better of you! [walks past him, opens the doors, and walks out]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,There's no way to know who we can trust.
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,So what do we do now?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,There's only one thing we can do. [turns around] We have to get guns.
PC Principal Final Justice,Butters,Guns?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,It's the only way for us to be safe.
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Kyle, even if we thought it would help protect us, how are we all gonna get our hands on guns?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. The boys are on the basketball court checking out their new guns."
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Alright, cool, we got guns. So now what?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kenny,(Now we need to steal a car and escape.)
PC Principal Final Justice,Butters,I already feel a lot safer.
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,You guys lay low and watch your backs. I'm gonna go keep Leslie protected.
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Hey! Don't fall too hard, partner. [Kyle smiles and walks off. Cartman poses with his gun] Do I look sweet, Butters?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Butters,[giggles] Yeah.
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dinner. The whole family is present, eating chicken, mashed potatoes, carrots, and garlic bread. Stan looks up at Randy, then gets angry. Randy notices and looks back, then gets in his face"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,What?
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,What?
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,"Can you pass the garlic bread, Randy?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Why wouldn't I be able to pass the garlic bread? [picks up the bowl and offers it to her. She takes some bread from it, and he sets it back where it was.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Dad, where were you last night?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"What, wait. Where was I what? Out, with friends, doing things. [wipes his face clean] Well I'm full. I'm gonna go work in the garage for a little bit. [leaves the table]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,Work on what?
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"On stuff to do, things. [reaches back and takes some more food.] Um, oh I'm gonna take some of this with me. I'm still hungry."
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,I thought you just said you were full.
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,Jee-sus! What? Am I on trial or something? God-damn! [takes the bowl of garlic bread] You guys are really acting strange. [his mouth remains a bit open as he walks away keeping an eye on the family]
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The garage, moments later. Randy enters it and closes the door behind him. Mr. Garrison, Principal Victoria, and Caitlyn Jenner wait for him at the workbench."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Alright, we're good. Nobody suspects a thing. [sets the food on the bench, next to a laptop they're looking at]''"
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,Take a look at this.
PC Principal Final Justice,Principal Victoria,"We've got everything from PC Principal's hard drive. He was on to the gentrification around the world, and he was convinced that whatever was responsible... wasn't... human."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,Not human? Then what?
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,"I don't care if they're aliens or vampires, we need to round them up fast and fuck them till they're dead."
PC Principal Final Justice,Caitlyn,"You don't wanna fuck a vampire, you'll get hepatitis."
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,"Oh girlfriend, I'm well beyond that. [Caitlyn giggles]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Oh my God. Don't you see what this means? If something not human is gentrifying the entire world, soon no human will be ale to afford it. They're trying to price our species out of existence."
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"ShiTpaTown, day. There are lofts there now, just as in SoDoSoPa, and the camera zooms in on one in particular... Nathan and Jimmy are seated around a coffee table in the loft"
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,Well? How do you like my new apartment?
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"What happened to you, Nathan? I always thought you were a nice kid. Now you've got a gun?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"Huh. Everyone's gettin' one of these now, Jim. Nobody knows whom to trust."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,Yeah? Well guns are never the answer.
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,Don't you kinda wish you'd had one back when Leslie betrayed you and nearly beat you to death?
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,Oh. I guess it would have been a decent answer then. Tou-t-t-t.. touché.
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"You see, I've got expensive tastes, Jimmy. I like good food. [leaves his chair and walks around] Organic pressed juices. And I've got a thing for high-class prostitutes. [stands next to a black woman who's buffing her nails with an emery board.] Have you been introduced to my current girlfriend?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,"My name is Classi, with an I, and a little dick hanging off the C that bends around and fucks the L out of the A S S."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"Nice to meet you, Classi."
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"All I had to do was work for the ads and I got everything I wanted. My own loft, with all of ShiTpaTown right at my doorstep. All it took was some PC and the whole thing was set in motion."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,Oh great. So now ads are using PC for their own gain? That's a new low.
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"What is PC but a verbal form of gentrification? Spruce everything up, get rid of all the ugliness in order to create a false sense of paradise. Only one thing can actually live in that world. Ads."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"I know I've said it before, but man, do I hate ads."
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. He's in the living room watching a movie and eating chips on the sofa. The lights come on and Liane appears at the foot of the stairs"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"Eric Cartman, I told you to get ready for bed!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Yeah, I just want finish this movie."
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"No, Eric! This is a school night!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Mom, I'm into this movie. I'm not going to bed right now. Chillax."
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"You most certainly are! Right now, mister!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"I will go to bed [stands up and aims his gun at her] when this movie is over, Mom!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"Eric, where did you get that?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,Turn off the light and go back to bed. I'm staying up.
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"Eric, you march right up to your room, and you-"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"I don't think so, Mom."
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"Eric, you get your butt to bed!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"No means no, Bill Cosby!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,[draws a gun on him] I told you to go upstairs right now!
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Whoa, Mom, what the hell?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"I'm not going to tell you again, Eric! It is time... for night-night!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Mom, put down the gun."
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"[advances on him] I am your mother, and you will do what I tell you!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Okay, I am going. [walks around her, keeping his gun trained on her.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"Well then, you go right now, Mister! [keeps her gun trained on him]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"I'm going to bed now, Mom. Chillax. [begins to go up the stairs backward.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"Alright then. No comic books, just straight to sleep! I love you, sweetie."
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Okay, I love you too, Mom. Night-night. [the sound of a door closing is heard]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Liane,"[caresses her pistol] Wow, he... he listened. [puts it into her robe pocket and walks towards the kitchen]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"Randy's garage. day. He's in there with Victoria, Garrison, and Caitlyn"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,There has to be something. Some clue as to what we're dealing with.
PC Principal Final Justice,Principal Victoria,"The news stories PC Principal researched are all so contradictory, as if whatever these things are have control over the news somehow."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,That sounds like vampires to me.
PC Principal Final Justice,Principal Victoria,We have to find out who had me fired with the Cosby joke. It's the key to knowing what we're dealing with.
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,Principal Victoria? [the adults take notice] Mr. Garrison? Caitlyn Jenner?
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Stan, what the hell are you doing in here?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Tell me what's going on, Dad?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Nothing. We're just hanging out, talking about Coldplay, alright?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,[pulls out his gun and aims it at the adults. The adults hold their hands up] No! I wanna know what the hell is going on right now!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,What are you doing with that?
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Kyle said I couldn't trust you! What are you planning, Dad?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Stan, it isn't what you think."
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,Then what is it?!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Look, I need to show you something, okay? You need to see this, son. [slowly reaches into his back pocket as Stan watches intensely, whips out his gun and aims it at Stan] Ohh! Psych! Now put the fucking gun down, bitch!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,I'm gonna go tell Mom!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Oh yeah? You go tell her! I'll tell her you had a gun! You'll be in more trouble than me! [Stan looks to the door, then at Randy] Stan! I am your dad. Put the gun down and sit over there."
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,[runs out of the garage] Mom!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,Shit! [runs after him]
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"An aircraft carrier at sea. A helicopter drops down onto it and three sailors arrive to greet it. Other sailors stand nearby. The helicopter door opens and PC Principal, in handcuffs, is escorted out by two soldiers."
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,"Took a lot to hunt you down, PC Principal. You mind tellin' me why you're goin' around the world shootin' up revitalized arts and foods districts?"
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,Try me!
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"[faces him] I don't know what they are, but they used me and others like me to try and change this planet."
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,"You don't know what ""who"" are?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Johnson,Sir! The President is on the phone. He wants to talk to you about PC Principal. [PC Principal looks at him as Weathers gets the phone]
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,"Yes, Mr. President? I see, sir. Yes, I understand. [lowers the phone and relays the President's orders] We're to release him immediately, no questions asked. And we're not supposed to believe anything he tells us. [the helicopter soldiers come and take the cuffs off him]"
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"Huh, ain't that a peach?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,"He's being set free now, Mr. President. Can I tell the commander why?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,[in President Obama's voice] This is a matter of national security. [the camera pulls back to show that she's at the Park Motel]
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,"I understand, sir."
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,Thank you. God bless you.
PC Principal Final Justice,Weathers,"God bless you too, sir."
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,"May God bless the United States of America. [hangs up and puts her phone away, then leaves the bathroom. Kyle is waiting outside]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Are you okay?
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,"Yeah, just feeling butterflies. And my hands are freezing!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Here. [holds her hands to warm them up]
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,"Thank you, Kyle. [smiles]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,"Don't worry, Leslie. I won't let anything happen to you. [smiles back and blinks]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The Marsh house. day. He has his gun drawn. Behind him are the living room, Victoria, Garrison, and Caitlyn."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,I'm warning you: you're on the wrong side of this! We're just trying to get answers!
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,"[has a gun drawn on Randy] You pulled a gun on our son, Randy!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"He pulled one on me first, Sharon!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Because you wouldn't talk to me, Dad!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"[aims his gun at Stan] Stanley, let your mother and I deal with this!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,I told you to leave him alone!
PC Principal Final Justice,Shelly,God I hate this family! [pulls out her own gun and aims it at Sharon] Why are you always taking Stan's side?!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"[shifts his aim from Stan to Shelly] Whoa! Whoa, Shelly! Put down the gun, Shelly!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Shelly,You're always acting like Stan can't do anything wrong!
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,[shifts his aim from Randy to Shelly] She doesn't always take my side!
PC Principal Final Justice,Shelly,[turns and aims at Stan] You shut up or I swear to God I'll use this!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Shelly, put it down, now!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Shelly,"[shifts her aim to Randy] You don't even try to know me, Dad!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"I want to, Shelly! I just sometimes feel like you hate me!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,"I feel like you hate me, Randy!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"[shifts his aim from Shelly to Sharon] I don't hate you, I love you! I need to be a better husband, [aims at Stan, who aims back] a better father! [shifts his aim to Shelly]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"We all need to be better to each other! [Shelly shifts her aim to Stan, then to Randy, and then to Sharon]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Shelly,"Okay, maybe I need to stop being so angry!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,[lowers his gun] I love you guys. [Sharon lowers her gun]
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"[lowers his gun] We love you too, Dad. [Shelly lowers hers] We just wanna know what's going on with you."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Alright. I'll tell you everything. [caresses his gun] Wow, these things are amazing. [all the while Grandpa Marvin just ate. He didn't pull out a gun, and none was pulled on him.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"Jimbo's Guns, day. He's getting a lot of customers. Thomas and Laura Tucker enter. Inside are the Stotch, the Stevens, the Testaburger, and the Rodriguez parents. Clyde is there with his dad. Jimbo is behind the main counter, Ned is behind a side counter. An elderly woman approaches Jimbo"
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimbo,"Alright, Mrs. Farnicle, enjoy, and remember: if the safety's on, you're good as gone. [Mrs. Farnicle leaves with her purchase] Okay, and next customer, please. [Officer Barrady, in civilian clothes, steps up with his purchase] Hah, going for the big one, huh? You must be feeling extra jumpy."
PC Principal Final Justice,Officer Barbrady,You don't know the half of it.
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimbo,"[prepares the shotgun for him] Well, this thing should make you feel more at ease. You know, you ought-ta check out the gun show."
PC Principal Final Justice,Officer Barbrady,The gun show?
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimbo,"[pulls up a sign and shows it to him] Yeah, it's gonna have everything! And with guns bein' so popular, practically everyone in town is gonna be in attendance!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Officer Barbrady,The entire town in one location? [this spooks him] Oh my God!
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,A Park Motel bathroom. Leslie is inside on the phone
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,The principal has become our biggest problem. We need a news headline that will draw him back to town.
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"[in his loft, away from Jimmy] Oh, you're gonna sponsor my content some more, baby? I'm all ears."
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The Lofts at ShiTpaTown. While Nathan talks to Leslie on the phone, Jimmy chats up Classi"
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"I've got to get to the Super School News. Hey, Classi, you think you can get me my crutches?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,"Mah, I don't think Nathan would like that."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"You seem like a reasonable person. Do you really wanna live in a world controlled by ads? I mean, come on, Classi."
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,"No. It's C-Lasssi, with an I. The little dick that hangs off the C fucks the L out of the ASS. CL-ASSSI."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"Sorry, my bad. Look, I'm a news reporter, Claaassi, and in a world where ads control the news, there's no way to be sure anyone is ever hearing the truth."
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,Truth about what?
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,A Park Motel room. The blinds are drawn and Kyle peeks through the slats
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,"We can't just hide, Kyle. We have to let people know PC is the enemy before it's too late."
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,"Leslie, we don't know who is on their side. We have to stay safe."
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,The principal is going to try and make up some crazy story. That's what PC people do. You have to get in front of everyone and tell them what you've learned.
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,I... [turns aside and walks off] gave up giving speeches.
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,But why? I came to you because I had heard how good you were at getting messages across. That and because... [smiles] I thought you were cute.
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,I'm sure I'd have no problem giving a speech if you could be by my side.
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,"Well... I can't go with you, you know. It's too dangerous."
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Not if we go somewhere that's completely safe from any violence.
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,Where?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,The gun show.
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,Gun show?
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,There'll be so many guns that nothing bad can happen.
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"The Marsh house. Randy has brought the laptop to the table. Victoria, Garrison, and Caitlyn join him around the dining room table as Shelly and Grandpa eat, and all their guns are on the table"
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,Someone purposely had Principal Victoria replaced with a new principal?
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,Yes. They wanted to use his PC as a means to start gentrification in our town.
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,That'w why we thought PC Principal was behind it. But now we know they were just using his PC abilities to service their own needs.
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"When the pussy-crusher story came out in Super School News, it started to make PC Principal question himself. He started digging for answers. They didn't like that, so they tried to distract and mislead him. With this. [the distractions begin] Sorry, that's an ad for McDonald's, hold on. With... this. Oh. N, oh, there's that ad again. God these things are annoying. Anyways, whatever these beings are, they try to keep anyone from knowing the truth from [another pop-up ad] Ugh, I don't wanna see a slideshow. PC Principal said something was trying to divert and distract his subconscious mind with this. [The US-Thailand article comes up, with the accompanying State Farm ad. Stan gets a good look at it]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,Wait... That's Leslie. [walks away from the table] Oh my God... It's Kyle.
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,Kyle?
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Kyle has been protecting Leslie. They're together. He's been making everyone feel paranoid and saying you're the enemy, Dad."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"[rises from his chair] Well then, it's time to go ask Kyle why he sold out his own kind."
PC Principal Final Justice,Principal Victoria,How will we get him to talk?
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,We're going to kill him with kindness. But instead of kindness we're going to use guns.
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,Yeah!
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,Yeah!
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Come on, let's go! [everyone grabs a gun and heads out the front door. Randy looks at Shelly] Shelly, you take care of Grandpa!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Shelly,Oooo-kay! [aims her gun at Marvin's head and Randy realizes what she's doing]
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Nonono, don't shoot Grandpa, just literally take care of him. [follows the others outside and hops into Caitlin's car with them.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Caitlyn Jenner,"Buckle up, buckaroos! [starts the car, backs out of the driveway, and runs over an elderly woman and her dog. The dog is unscathed, but the woman is dead and mangled up]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,The Lofts at ShiTpaTown. Nathan walks up to Jimmy and hands him a copy of the school paper for tomorrow
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"Here it is, Jimmy. Hot off the presses."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,What is that?
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"The newest edition of Super School News, hitting the streets tomorrow."
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,Tragedy at gun show? What happened at the gun show?
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"Not what happened, what's going to happen. The final sweeping underneath the rug. By this time tomorrow nobody will be asking questions ever again. The ads will have won. And I will be... The man."
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,I think the ads are playin' yo' ass.
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,[slaps her across the face] Shut up Classiii!
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,Oh heeelllllll no!
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,What?
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,Oh hell no! Yo' Down's Symdrome ass just slapped me! I'mo break your dick off! [picks him up and slams him into the glass wall that doubles as a window]
PC Principal Final Justice,Nathan,"Hang on, Classi, I'm sorry."
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,"[punches him] I will bust yo' fuckin' ass! [punches him] I will bust yo' fuckin' nose. I ain't no Mimsy, asshole! [punches him] I'm a classy bitch! [punches him] And I do not! [punches him] Want ads! [punches him] Controllin' my news! [punches him. He groans as she lets him drop to the floor and walks away. She brings Jimmy's crutches to Jimmy]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,Classi! Thank you.
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,You need my help? You got it!
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"I need your phone to call Officer Barbrady. And we have to get to that gun show, fast!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Classi,"Quick! To the Classi mobile! [they leave the loft and hop into her car, and finally drive away]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,The South Park Gun Show. The show's sign and trophy are shown onscreen.
PC Principal Final Justice,Announcer,"Welcome back to the South Park Gun Show. We've had over 2000 gorgeous guns come through this arena today. It's been whittled down to seven, the winners from each group. David, take us down theh line. [the seven are: Stephen Stotch, Fr. Maxi, Mayor McDaniels, Jimbo Kern, Linda Black, Ryan Valmer, and Richard Adler]"
PC Principal Final Justice,David,First we have the beautiful Yorkshire 33mm with proud owner Stephen Stotch.
PC Principal Final Justice,Announcer,"An absolutely gorgeous gun, David."
PC Principal Final Justice,David,The playful and lovely Australian semiautomatic owned by Father Maxi.
PC Principal Final Justice,Announcer,And there's the Mayor with her delightful Rhodesian ridgeback shotgun-rifle mix.
PC Principal Final Justice,David,That's a favorite of the crow here. Always a favorite at these shows.
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,That's a nice gun right there.
PC Principal Final Justice,David,The judge now asking to see that Yorkshire 33mm up close.
PC Principal Final Justice,Announcer,"And there it is, just a beautiful gun in motion. Everybody loves it. [Stephen starts to prance aroundn with it, then returns to his mark. The crowd applauds its approval.] Looks like the judge wants to take another look at that shotgun-rifle mix. [The Mayor takes out a clicker and prances around with her shotgun-rifle mix. She returns to her mark and Jimbo takes his turn]"
PC Principal Final Justice,David,And next up will be the-
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Nobody move! [enters the arena with Garrison, Victoria, Caitlyn, Sharon, and Stan]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,Everyone just stay where you are!
PC Principal Final Justice,Announcer,"And it looks like the gun show is under attack, David. [everyone in attendance gets their guns and arms them.]"
PC Principal Final Justice,David,"Yes, six armed gunmen have entered the arena, one of which is carrying an absolutely gorgeous little Pekingese Glock 17."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Listen to me, everyone! There are beings who are purposely gentrifying the Earth so that humans can no longer afford it! We've been looking for Kyle Broflovski! Somebody's hiding him! [the spectators begin pointing guns at each other]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,[enters the arena at the far end with Leslie] Don't listen to them! The real conspiracy here are the PC extremists who have no problem killing whoever doesn't think like they do! [faces Stan] You son of a bitch Stan! How could you have sided with the enemy?!
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,"Fuck you, Kyle! You're the enemy!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,[enters the arena at the near end] You both got it wrong. [he's with Classi and Barbrady]
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,Jimmy?
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,Officer Barbrady?
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,Classi?
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,[aims her gun at Randy] Randy??
PC Principal Final Justice,Jimmy,"Kyle, I know you probably thought Leslie was a kind, caring girl. But the truth is she's just an ad."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,An ad?
PC Principal Final Justice,Officer Barbrady,"They've become sentient, They've taken human form. You can't tell what's human and what's an ad anymore."
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, Jeez, are you serious?! How am I supposed to fuck an ad to death?!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Woah, flippin' ads! They're such a pain in the ass!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Kyle,You told me Jimmy was dead.
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,So now we know who got Principal Victoria fired!
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Mackey,"[looks around, then jumps out of his seat] Nobody move! Okay?! Everyone just stay where you are!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,Mackey?
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Mackey,"Yes, I wanted Principal Victoria fired! But I didn't want any of this!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Principal Victoria,You got me fired?! Why?!
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Mackey,Eighteen years of answerin' to you! EIGHTEEN YEARS! Of you always... tellin' me what to do!
PC Principal Final Justice,Principal Victoria,"If you had problems with me, why didn't you just talk to me?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Mackey,You never listen!! Nobody listens to me! They just expect me to listen to them!
PC Principal Final Justice,Gerald,Maybe we should have realized that sometimes the counselor needs counseling.
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Mackey,"I don't know, maybe I got manipulated by these ads too somehow but, I should have been a better person!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,We all could be better people! All of us! We all played a part!
PC Principal Final Justice,Stephen,Maybe from now on people in this town need to communicate more! Care about each other!
PC Principal Final Justice,Mr. Garrison,"If we're gonna defeat our enemies, that's what it's gonna take! All of us, together! [with all the speeches done, they lower their weapons]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"If only we'd had these before, huh?"
PC Principal Final Justice,Leslie,"[now isolated] Every time you block us, we get smarter. Every time you try to stop us, we are more. If one plan fails, we will plan another. You will never be rid of ads!"
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"HEY LESLIE! [she look to her left] Your species took PC and twisted it for evil purposes. [he runs towards her and drops the mic] THAT PISSES ME OFF! [he reaches her and delivers a right hook, then a left one, then does this again. He picks her up like a rag doll and holds her by the neck] You're expelled. [he delivers a final blow that goes clear through her head, but instead of blood, a day-glow blue liquid oozes out of it]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Cartman,"Yes, dude!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Well, I guess there's just one last thing to take care of."
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"ShiTpaTown, day. The town has gathered in front of Whole Foods."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Why did it have to be like this?! Why couldn't we try to live on this planet together?! Maybe we're not perfect beings, but we built a better town. We didn't need you to do that! And we'll keep on trying to make it better!"
PC Principal Final Justice,Sharon,"Randy, you're yelling at a Whole Foods."
PC Principal Final Justice,Randy,"Go on, get outta here! We know! Others will know! [holds up the latest edition of the Super School News, which has Leslie on the front page under the headline ""YOUR FRIEND MIGHT BE AN AD""] It isn't going to be so easy! Not anymore! [the ground begins to rumble underfoot and the sidewalk begins to crack open. The Whole Foods lifts off like a flying saucer, turns around, and flies away]"
PC Principal Final Justice,Scene Description,"A flag blows on a pole, presumably outside of the school."
PC Principal Final Justice,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. I don't know about you, but I for one am sick and tired of all the hate speech and micro-aggressions against our species. [a series of popup ads floats by] We have a new enemy out there. An almost invisible foe that is so bigoted, so racially biased they actually think we should all die. [a boy is shown at his computer at home, watching as ads fill his monitor] They are trying to attract our youth using tactics that are underhanded and unfair. [PC Principal is shown holding a school assembly as he had in earlier episodes] But no matter how hard they hit us, we cannot let them take from us our PC. And so I have been asked to stay on as your principal. A lot of changes will happen in the coming months. [Caitlyn puts a Garrison/Jenner pin on Mr. Garrison's lapel and straightens his tie. Then they bump fists and Garrison goes onstage] The bottom line is that the only thing that distinguishes those who want to kill us from those who don't is that we have the burning desire for social justice. We are at war, but the only way to win this war is to be as understanding, non-biased, and politically correct as possible."
PC Principal Final Justice,Stan,This is going to be really hard.
Member Berries,Scene Description,South Park Elementary Gymnasium. The girl's volleyball team are warming up.
Member Berries,Jim,Hello everyone and welcome back. We are live at South Park Elementary School where the local girl's volleyball team is about to take on the Jefferson Sabers.
Member Berries,Mike,"And, hey Jim, it is packed. Sellout crowds tonight, first time in team history. Everyone turning out to see what's going to happen."
Member Berries,Jim,"[Camera switches to Nichole, who is stretching] That's right, Mike. All eyes are of course on fourth grader Nichole Daniels. Will she sit or stand for the National Anthem? [The crowd stare at her.]"
Member Berries,Mike,"This week with athletes all over the country sitting down for the National Anthem, [Two people are seen holding a banner reading 'WE SUPPORT YOU NICHOLE!'] the question on everyone's mind is ""What is this little girl gonna do?"""
Member Berries,Jimbo,She's not gonna sit down. Why would she?
Member Berries,Randy,"Screw that. I've got 100 bucks riding on this. Come on, Nichole. Sit on it!"
Member Berries,Sports Commentator,Now please rise for the National Anthem. [they stand up.]
Member Berries,Randy,This is it.
Member Berries,Mike,"The National Anthem starts. Nichole Daniels seems to be waiting. So far no si... Oh! [The camera moves to Heidi Turner, who is sitting down.] And Heidi Turner is sitting down!"
Member Berries,Crowd,Ooh!
Member Berries,Jim,Might be totally unexpected. All eyes were on Nichole when Heidi Turner comes out of nowhere and sits down.
Member Berries,Mike,[Interrupting] And there goes Meghan Ridley! The crowd is going wild. What a turn of events! Let's check in with Dave.
Member Berries,Dave,"And Mike, I've just looked at the girl's Twitter accounts and it appears they are sitting out the National Anthem to protest the harassment and trolling they receive on the Internet."
Member Berries,Mike,"Complete surprise, Dave. Nobody saw this coming. Three girls now sitting down and finally, there goes Nichole."
Member Berries,Randy,"Wow, Yeah, 100 bucks!"
Member Berries,Jim,"And, as the anthem draws to a close, this thing is over."
Member Berries,Mike,"The final result, four athletes sitting out of the National Anthem, three of them not even black. A shocker here in South Park, thanks for joining us. [People start leaving]"
Member Berries,Stephen,"Oh my god, that was great. [The crowds empty out, leaving only a few left.]"
Member Berries,Referee,"Ah, play ball. [Blows whistle. The girls start playing.]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,PC Principal's office. He's addressing the girls
Member Berries,PC Principal,"Alright, ladies. First of all I wanna say that I completely respect your decision to protest our national anthem. Thought it was sweet. I believe you shed some light on some very important issues regarding gender equality."
Member Berries,Heidi,What are you doing about Eric Cartman?!
Member Berries,PC Principal,"Ladies, I understand you're upset about the trolling you've received on the Internet, but there is no evidence that Eric Cartman is Skankhunt42."
Member Berries,Wendy,"It is him, it's completely obvious, and nobody is doing anything about it!"
Member Berries,PC Principal,Well he claims that he's been working at changing himself and the world around him. [presses the intercom button] Send in Mr. Cartman.
Member Berries,Cartman,"[opens the door and enters] You wanted to see me, PC Principal?"
Member Berries,PC Principal,"Mr. Cartman, I'm gonna ask you one more time, are you or are you not the Internet troll Skankhunt42?"
Member Berries,Cartman,"It's ""Skankhunt42"" and no I am not."
Member Berries,Heidi,He's lying. Make him show you his phone.
Member Berries,Cartman,"Unfortunately, that'd be a breach of my civil rights, but I can assure you, nobody respected you girls' poignant protest more than I did."
Member Berries,Scene Description,"The U.S. Senate, day."
Member Berries,Joe Biden,"Fellow Senators, our nation is divided like never before. While people everywhere fight for their voices to be heard, perhaps it is time for us to consider that our national anthem needs to be changed. Americans need an anthem that inspires and excites, an anthem that has something for everyone while still paying tribute to what it once was. I believe there's only one person capable of achieving this. [clicks on a handheld button and the picture behind him changes] J.J. Abrams."
Member Berries,Senators,[murmuring among themselves] J.J. Abrams!
Member Berries,Joe Biden,"He saved Star Wars, and now we will ask him to save our country."
Member Berries,Scene Description,Three helicopters take to the sky and fly out of sight
Member Berries,Scene Description,J.J. Abrams' mansion. The helicopters touch down by the front gates and the senators pour out
Member Berries,Lady Senator,"[over a megaphone] Mr. Abrams? Mr. Abrams, we need to speak with you."
Member Berries,Male Senator,"Look, there. [a light comes on at the left end of the second floor, and a shadow stops by the window]"
Member Berries,Lady Senator,[over the megaphone] Mr. Abrams I speak on behalf of Americans everywhere. We've come to ask you to reboot the national anthem. Please Mr. Abrams. We know you've been asked to reboot a lot.
Member Berries,Senator 2,[whispering] We know you're tired.
Member Berries,Lady Senator,We know you're tired.
Member Berries,Senator 3,"[takes the megaphone] What do you say, sir? We all want something new and that makes us remember the things we lost. We want to 'member! We need your 'member berries! [Abrams mulls it over]"
Member Berries,Male Senator,"One light means yes, two lights means no. [Abrams reaches to his left and one light comes on. The gathered crowd goes wild.]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gym, day. Cartman holds a school assembly"
Member Berries,Cartman,"Fellow students, as you know, an Internet troll by the name of Skankhunt42 has been harassing women and girls by making degrading comments on our school message board. The girls are very upset, and many male students believe that it's just because girls don't have a sense of humor. I beg to disagree. Girls rule, women are funny, get over it. Just the other day, in the hallway, I heard two male students saying how the new Ghostbusters sucked balls. I was shocked and appalled. It is time for us all to realize and accept that girls are cool, and women are funny. Wendy? Wendy, could you come up here, please? Come on up, Wendy. Wendy Testaburger, guys. [some of the kids clap, Wendy stands up and walks over to Cartman] Wendy, go ahead. Be funny. [he holds the mic to her face, and she looks at him warily. He tried harder, she leans farther away] Say something funny, Wendy. We can't wait."
Member Berries,Wendy,I'm not funny.
Member Berries,Cartman,"Hey, girls are funny, Wendy. Okay? Get over it. Just do women's comedy stuff. You know, talk about how fat you are and how you wanna have sex with guy and then say ""my vagina"" a lot.."
Member Berries,Wendy,I don't feel like being funny right now.
Member Berries,Cartman,"And that's just the kind of sexist bull-crap that's gonna keep you in the kitchen. Sit your ass down. [Wendy goes back to her spot on the gym floor] This isn't a joke, you guys. Girls are funny. Bebe, why don't you come up here? Come on, Bebe."
Member Berries,Bebe,NO!
Member Berries,Cartman,"No? Come on, talk about havin' sex with guys, and say ""vagina"" and stuff like that. Go ahead. [looks her over quickly] Girls rule, women are funny. Bebe, get over yourself. Seriously."
Member Berries,Bebe,Get the mic out of my face!
Member Berries,Cartman,"[moves away] Huh. Oh my God, that wasn't really all that funny. That's weird. Um, let's see. Red? You have any zingers for the crowd? No? How about you, Nelly?"
Member Berries,Nelly,"Yeah, I got one. You're a fat fuck! [Butters got a great laugh out of that one]"
Member Berries,Cartman,"K, that wasn't really funny, it was just angry."
Member Berries,Nelly,"[stands up] You see, what the problem is, is that when a little troll is allowed to say anything he wants anonymously, then he speaks for all you boys!"
Member Berries,Cartman,"K, that's good, now just try to say it a little funnier now."
Member Berries,Nelly,Go ahead and get on our school message board and see what he's saying about us! Then see if you guys think it's funny!
Member Berries,Cartman,"Okay, and then, and then, and then just go, ""my vagina."""
Member Berries,Scene Description,The Marsh living room. Randy is watching a news segment on CNN
Member Berries,News anchor 1,"And as our country seems to be more and more divided, the only hope is that J.J. Abrams' new national anthem will appeal to everyone and bring back those nostalgic member berries we know and love."
Member Berries,Randy,Oh great. Everything's getting a reboot now. [There's a knock on the door and he answers it.]
Member Berries,Pollster,Hello sir. I'm with the Gallup poll. We're trying to get a read on how people will be voting in the upcoming Presidential election?
Member Berries,Randy,Oh. Oh-okay.
Member Berries,Pollster,Great. And will you be voting for the giant douche or the turd sandwich?
Member Berries,Randy,"Well, this is usually a giant douche household but... we're going firmly with the turd sandwich."
Member Berries,Pollster,"Oh, the turd sandwich, huh?"
Member Berries,Randy,That's right. [Sharon appears behind him and sees him talking to the Pollster] You can put my wife and I both down for turd sandwich.
Member Berries,Pollster,"Well, good luck with that, heh. So far, giant douche is leading in the polls."
Member Berries,Randy,[shocked] What?
Member Berries,Scene Description,Marsh Dining Room
Member Berries,Randy,What the hell is wrong with people?! They really think that a giant douche should be President?? It's insane!
Member Berries,Sharon,"Why'd you say I'd be voting for the turd sandwich, Randy? You haven't even talked to me about it."
Member Berries,Randy,You can't possibly be thinking about voting for the douche?!
Member Berries,Stan,Hhhawgh!
Member Berries,Randy,What's wrong with you?
Member Berries,Stan,I just don't understand why every four years you people freak out over whether to vote for a giant douche or a turd sandwich.
Member Berries,Randy,[snidely] Because we're Americans. 'Cause this is America
Member Berries,Stan,Why are we doing this again? Why are we back to giant douche and turd sandwich?
Member Berries,Randy,"[holds his palms out like fans] Cyyynical. Cynical maaan. You just think everything and everyone is dumb, huh? 'Cause you're a kneel-ist."
Member Berries,Stan,It's nihilist.
Member Berries,Randy,"See, you're such a nihilist."
Member Berries,Scene Description,News Report
Member Berries,News anchor 2,Newest Gallup Poll results are in and they show Giant Douche to be leading Turd Sandwich by nearly 10%. Turd Sandwich has said there's no reason to panic.
Member Berries,Hillary Clinton (Turd Sandwich),"Polls are of course a useful tool, but they can often be misleading. Our campaign is holding strong."
Member Berries,Reporter 1,[after some clamor from the press corps] Mrs. Turd Sandwich?
Member Berries,Hillary,"Yes, Arthur?"
Member Berries,Arthur,"Uh, Mrs. Sandwich, do you believe that your opponent will gain any momentum from this poll?"
Member Berries,Hillary,"I'm sure that like me, Giant Douche realizes that polls are never the final answer."
Member Berries,Scene Description,"The Garrison/Jenner headquarters. Mr. Garrison and Caitlyn are dancing around to ""Cake By The Ocean"""
Member Berries,Garrison,"Yeah! Suck that poll you dumb bitch! Up 10%. Can you believe that shit?! [walks over to the table on which the radio sits] Oh, Caitlyn. I think we're really gonna win this thing! Think about it. [softly, awed] In a couple of months I will be President of the United States. [begins to worry and turns off the radio] Caitlyn, can I ask you somethin'? Uh, when we actually get into the White House, like um, what are we gonna do?"
Member Berries,Caitlyn,What do you mean?
Member Berries,Garrison,"Well I mean, like, you know, once we're President and Vice-President, like, what do we do then?"
Member Berries,Caitlyn,How the fuck should I know?
Member Berries,Garrison,"[getting exasperated] Cait, you, you heard about the poll, right? We're probably gonna win. Don't tell me you don't have a plan."
Member Berries,Caitlyn,What plan? I thought you had a plan.
Member Berries,Garrison,I don't have any fuckin' plan! That's why I have you! I'm gonna be the President and you're gonna be in charge of all foreign and domestic policies!
Member Berries,Caityln,I thought you were gonna do that part.
Member Berries,Garrison,Are you tellin' me that we're about to be voted into office and we have no idea what the fuck we're gonna do?? [makes two fists] Ohhh Jeeez!
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's Office, Kyle is talking to him"
Member Berries,Kyle,"I think they called it German Collective Guilt, right? Where even the Germans who just did nothing while Hitler rose to power were, were maybe somehow also responsible?"
Member Berries,Mr. Mackey,"Uh huh, uh, m'kay, okay."
Member Berries,Kyle,"But I can't control what Cartman does, so, so why should I feel ashamed for what Cartman does?"
Member Berries,Mr. Mackey,"Well J.J. Abrams was just rebooting the National Anthem, Kyle, so everything's gonna be fine, m'kay?"
Member Berries,Kyle,I don't think the answer to all this is member berries.
Member Berries,Mr. Mackey,You don't like mem- member berries?
Member Berries,Kyle,"Agh, never mind. I'm just gonna stay out of it. [gets up and leaves the office. A few seconds later, Mr. Mackey opens a drawer in his desk and pulls out a mason jar with member berries in it. He opens the jar and lifts the berries out]"
Member Berries,Berries,"Oh I 'member. 'Member Chewbacca? Yeah. And 'member AT-ATs? Member? Ey! Hey, 'member Ghostbusters? Ohh, I 'member. 'Member Slimer? Oh, I loved Slimer. 'Member? Ohh, I 'member. [they keep 'membering]"
Member Berries,Mr. Mackey,How could someone think these things are bad? [plucks a berry and eats it]
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Decision 2016, Commander In Chief Forum, from HBC News"
Member Berries,Announcer,"The Commander in Chief Forum, with a giant douche and a turd sandwich."
Member Berries,Moderator,"Back now with the Commander in Chief Forum. I am joined by the Republican nominee, a giant douche."
Member Berries,Garrison,"Thanks, Matt."
Member Berries,Matt,"Mr. Douche, some say you don't actually have a viable plan in place if you were to be elected President."
Member Berries,Garrison,"Huh! Huh well, well who said that? The turd sandwich?"
Member Berries,Matt,"In your campaign, you said that you will deal with our country's immigrants and enemies by personally [reading his notes] fucking them all to death. How do you plan to actually achieve that?"
Member Berries,Garrison,"Well, Matt, I don't think I said I would fuck them all to death."
Member Berries,Matt,"Okay, well, let's roll the tape on that."
Member Berries,Garrison,"Oh, sure, okay. [they sit back as clips from previous statements are aired. First, from the time the fleeing Canadian kids were enrolled at South Park Elementary] Well there's only one immigration policy that I believe in, and that's ""fuck them all to death!"" [At Niagara Falls] Fuck them all to death! Let's make this country great again!"
Member Berries,Crowd,Fuck them all to death!
Member Berries,Garrison,"[St. Louis] And then I'm gonna take all the drug pushers in our country, and I'm gonna fuck them-! [another rally] And you know those people in Syria, I'm gonna fuck them! [in Washington, D.C., all worked up] That's how we'll make sure that every terrorist on earth is fuckin' dead! [in a desert] The leaders of North Korea? I'll fuck them all, yeah! [Club Emotion] Yeah! Yeah! [another rally] The criminals in our jails?! Fuckin' dead a day after I- [another rally] Yeah! Those ads that are tryin' to kill us? I'll fuck anyone in the advertising business! And they'll all die too!"
Member Berries,Matt,"So by our estimates, it's roughly 7.6 million people you have promised to fuck to death in your first year of office."
Member Berries,Garrison,"Uh huh, okay."
Member Berries,Matt,"And, and, you think that's achievable?"
Member Berries,Garrison,"I do. I do, Matt. Uh, I mean, I'm not gonna just get elected, you know, and, and look like a jackass. Huh, huhuh. [fearfully] Ohhh Jeeez."
Member Berries,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, preschool room. Class is in session"
Member Berries,Teacher,"Alright kids, today we have a very special treat. One of the older students has written an original children's story and is gonna read it to you. Come on over, Eric."
Member Berries,Cartman,[enters] Hi guys! [takes a seat] Are you all ready to hear a story?
Member Berries,Preschoolers,Yeah!
Member Berries,Cartman,"This was a book I created all with my imagination. It's called ""Little Red Riding Kyle. The story of a little gay boy and his adventure with four hilarious women. One day, Little Red Riding Kyle was walking through the forest thinking about guys. He was on his way to visit his grandma, who was a little black boy named Token."" Get over it. ""But then, a big bad wolf who was a hilarious woman named Janet walked into the house and said 'I have a large vagina' and traded place-"" [Kyle enters and pull him out of the room.]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"The hallway, moments later. Kyle shuts the door behind him"
Member Berries,Kyle,What the hell are you doing?!
Member Berries,Cartman,Rebooting fairy tales to try and ease the friction caused by Internet trolls.
Member Berries,Kyle,You really think you're fooling anyone with this fake persona?! Everyone knows you're acting this way by day so you can be horrible to people on the Internet at night!
Member Berries,Cartman,"Why would I do that, Kyle?"
Member Berries,Kyle,"I don't really care! Just don't drag me into it! [takes Cartman's book and slams it down on the floor, then walks away angrily]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, night. Randy is at the bar with Jimbo and Stephen"
Member Berries,Randy,"What is wrong with people, huh?! How can they vote against a turd sandwich more than a giant douche?! It's senseless!"
Member Berries,Stephen,"Randy, you gotta calm down."
Member Berries,Randy,[grabs onto Stephen] How can anyone be calm at a time like this?! [lets go] People actually think a turd is worse than a douche!
Member Berries,Stephen,"Look, maybe you need some supplements to help calm your nerves. Have you heard of member berries?"
Member Berries,Randy,Member berries?
Member Berries,Stephen,It's a new superfruit that helps you mellow out and relax.
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Stephen's master bedroom, night. He leads Randy in, opens the top drawer of his dresser, pulls out a box and sets it on top of the dresser, closes the drawer, and opens the box. The berries are chatting away."
Member Berries,Berries,"'Member The Fugitive? 'Member Bambi? 'Member Alien Nation? Yeah, I 'member..."
Member Berries,Stephen,"The guys at work told me about them. Been taking them about six months now. I'll telling you, they really take the edge off."
Member Berries,Berries,'Member Explorers? The little kids in a spaceship? 'Member storm troopers? 'Member?
Member Berries,Randy,"Oh, they're adorable. [plucks one and eats it]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,Garrison/Jenner headquarters. A team of advisers is listening to Garrison as he paces around the room
Member Berries,Garrison,"Come on, people! I need answers! Real solutions! You're my advisers, for Christ's sake! How do we do this?!"
Member Berries,Adviser 1,"Maybe, if you swam in a pool in Florida, you could contract the Zika virus. Then you fuck all the people you can, and hope they eventually die."
Member Berries,Garrison,That would take way too long! And there's no guarantee every pool in Florida has Zika!
Member Berries,Adviser 2,Could you use nuclear weapons? Then fuck all the bodies after the fact?
Member Berries,Garrison,[walks to the table and takes a seat] Ugh! What the hell do I do? If I win I won't be able to do what I promised. But every day I keep going up in the polls. Why did the Democrats have to elect such a turd sandwich?
Member Berries,Caitlyn,Maybe you should just quit.
Member Berries,Garrison,"If I quit, I look like a total jackass. [gets up and walks away, stopping by the ""Pin The Tail On The Donkey"" picture with Hillary's face on it.] If I win the election, I look like a total jackass. I have to keep running, [turns to face the picture] but I have to make sure she wins."
Member Berries,Scene Description,dramatic music plays out
Member Berries,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallway, and Butters is laughing at something on his phone. Stan, Kyle, Jimmy, Craig, and Clyde stop and look at him"
Member Berries,Butters,"Haha! You guys see what Skankhunt42 did on the school server now? Hehe, he photo shopped a picture of Heidi Turner's mom with a dick in her mouth!"
Member Berries,Craig,I wanna see.
Member Berries,Butters,[shows the other boys] Look! There's Wendy's mom with a dick in her mouth too! [Jimmy laughs and takes a closer look]
Member Berries,Kyle,Goddammit! [takes the phone from Butters] Do you guys even care how this makes the girls feel?!
Member Berries,Craig,We didn't do it.
Member Berries,Kyle,"We all know who did! And if we don't do something, then the girls will eventually retaliate against us!"
Member Berries,Cartman,[from a distance] Help! [the other boys see him as he runs to them] Help me! Augh! Aw! [reaches the other boys]
Member Berries,Butters,Eric! What happened!
Member Berries,Cartman,"A bunch of girls! They cornered me in the gym! They said all boys needed to pay! They kicked and they hit me and, and they kept me down and drew this vagina on my face! [well, it's there, but with a pair of testicles attached to it] They said it was to send a message!"
Member Berries,Clyde,That's a vagina?
Member Berries,Cartman,"Yeah. See, here's the top of the vagina and there's the balls. [Kyle has lost interest] It's starting, you guys! None of us is safe anymore!"
Member Berries,Kyle,[flatly] I didn't know vagina had balls.
Member Berries,Cartman,"Yeah, no, they do! Vaginas totally have balls! Right?"
Member Berries,Kyle,"You're just trying to start a war, aren't you?!"
Member Berries,Cartman,"What do you mean? If vaginas don't have balls, what do they have?"
Member Berries,Kyle,"It's not gonna work, Cartman! I'm not gonna let you divide boys and girls in this school anymore! when this whole thing comes to an end, you're gonna be all on your own! [walks away]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Garrison/Jenner headquarters. Garrison and Jenner now have a bank of phones, computers, and phone directories on the table and they're cold-calling people with them."
Member Berries,Garrison,"Hello sir, how are you today? I'm calling from the Campaign for President, just seeing if uh, I can get your support for Hillary Clinton today. Yes, I know she's a turd sandwich, but you know if ya, if you look past that, you know she, she really has a lot to offer. Well, I hear you, but sometimes in life you just gotta suck a turd, you know? Hello? [hangs the phone up up with anger] Dammit! This is impossible! Are you having' any success, Caitlyn?!"
Member Berries,Caitlyn,"I've tried to get people on board, but she's just such a turd sandwich. You're just gonna have to do something awful to throw the election."
Member Berries,Garrison,Every time I do something awful people just get more stoked on me! It's impossible to piss people off anymore!
Member Berries,Scene Description,CNN breaking news
Member Berries,Anchor 2,This is breaking news. The moment has arrived. It is here. J.J. Abrams says he has finished the new National Anthem.
Member Berries,Garrison,Turn it up.
Member Berries,Anchor 2,The anthem is sure to be fresh and exciting while recapturing the moments we all knew and loved. Democratic nominee Turd Sandwich said she will be in attendance to show her support for the rebooted anthem.
Member Berries,Garrison,Ohhh Jeeez.
Member Berries,Anchor 2,Let's all hope that this new anthem puts our differences aside and unites this nation once again.
Member Berries,Garrison,"That's it, Cait. That's what I have to do. I'm gonna sit out the National Anthem on live television. Then everyone will have to vote for that turd sandwich!"
Member Berries,Scene Description,The Marsh living room. Randy is relaxing on the sofa with his bunch of member berries.
Member Berries,Berries,'Member Spock? Yeah. 'Member tricorders? I 'member. And 'member Bionic Man?
Member Berries,Randy,"Ohh, I 'member."
Member Berries,Berry,Oh I loved Bionic Man [Randy plucks him and eats him.]
Member Berries,Berries,"'Member the Millennium Falcon? 'member Chewbacca again? Oh I love to 'member Chewbacca. I 'member. 'Member? Hey hey hey! 'Member when there weren't so many Mexicans? Oh, I 'member."
Member Berries,Randy,Wai- what?
Member Berries,Berries,"Yeah, yeah, yeah! 'Member when marriage was just between a man and a woman? I 'member! Oh, I 'member. Oh yeahhh."
Member Berries,Randy,"[fondly] Yeeah, I remember that. [catches himself] Wait."
Member Berries,Berries,"'Member feeling safe? 'Member no ISIS? 'Member Reagan? Ohh, I 'member. Ooo, 'member? Ooo, 'member? [Randy sits up and spits out what's left of the berries he's eaten]"
Member Berries,Randy,What the fuck's going on with these member berries?
Member Berries,Scene Description,Kyle's bathroom. There's a knock on the door. Kyle is doing his business on the toilet
Member Berries,Kyle,Yeah?
Member Berries,Cartman,[opens the door and comes in] Hey broship. Got a minute?
Member Berries,Kyle,What are you doing here??
Member Berries,Cartman,"You were right, Kyle. Okay? I drew the vagina on my face. I tried to fool people, but you keenly noticed my one tiny error in that girls don't have balls."
Member Berries,Kyle,I'm going to the bathroom!
Member Berries,Cartman,"Kyle, you have to try and appreciate what I'm doing. I know that a war is coming between us and the girls. I knew it the moment they sat out the National Anthem."
Member Berries,Kyle,"[finishes up and hops off the toilet, pulling his pants up] They sat it out because you were harassing them online."
Member Berries,Cartman,Suppose for one second that I'm not Skankhunt42. And that I really have been doing what I've been doing to try and stop the damage he has done?
Member Berries,Kyle,Why would you care?!
Member Berries,Cartman,"'Cause I'm scared, Kyle. I don't know if you've noticed, but race wars are back. And now if we get gender wars too??"
Member Berries,Kyle,"If we could just prove who the troll was, then the girls wouldn't be wanting a war, would they?!"
Member Berries,Cartman,"Yeah but... you can't track down an Internet troll, [peers down into the toilet] it's too bad."
Member Berries,Kyle,"Just know this, Cartman! I'm going to prove who Skankhunt42 is, whatever it takes! Everyone is going to know! And Skankhunt is gonna pay for everything he's! ever! said!"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Jim and Mike are back, this time commenting on the '49ers/Panthers game."
Member Berries,Mike,"Hello everyone, we are live at tonight's game between the '49ers and the Panthers, but of course what everyone is really here for, the unveiling of the new National Anthem rebooted by J.J. Abrams."
Member Berries,Jim,"And Mike, this new anthem is said to have everything the old one had but, some new surprises as well. You'd have to be an absolute asshole not to stand and support it."
Member Berries,Mike,"This is such a big night for America that both Presidential candidates are here. [Hillary stands up and waves to the camera] There you can see the Turd Sandwich waving to all four people excited by her. [A shot of Garrison and Jenner in their own box, with Garrison waving happily to the crowd] And there's the Giant Douche doing the same."
Member Berries,Garrison,When I sit down to not support this thing I'm sure to lose this election!
Member Berries,Announcer,Ladies and Gentlemen-
Member Berries,Garrison,Here it is!
Member Berries,Jim,"And the Anthem begins, let's hope this fixes America."
Member Berries,Announcer,"For our National Anthem we now ask you all in solidarity to please rise. [Garrison sits down] Or sit, or take a knee, in order to honor America. [Kaepernick, who has taken a knee, is as confused as anyone else]"
Member Berries,Garrison,"Wait a min- what, wait, what? Wait. [tries to strike a pose that isn't standing, sitting, or kneeling, but gets nothing.]"
Member Berries,Jim,"Ohhh! And J.J. Abrams has absolutely shattered expectations, Mike! Now whether people are standing, sitting, or kneeling, they are all honoring America. J.J. Abrams is a wizard, Tom. A wizard. [Colin Kaepernick is also trying to figure out what to do]"
Member Berries,Mike,More people sitting now as Abrams has made it irrelevant. Who saw this coming?
Member Berries,Jim,"And there's the rest of the Anthem, all the parts we remembered and loved. J.J. Abrams has fixed America."
Member Berries,Garrison,"No, this was supposed to! Oh! OHHH JEEEZ!"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Reactions from around the town. At her house, Wendy looks at the TV in the living room, then turns left and walks away with an angry look on her face. Bebe is in her own bedroom looking at the TV with an angry look on her face too, then clicks off the TV to go to sleep. At the Daniels' house, Nichole watches the anthem with her parents in the living room, and she's looking angry too. She hops off the sofa and walks to her room. Finally, Kyle is in his room staring at the ceiling with an angry look on his face."
Member Berries,Gerald,"[opens the bedroom door] Hey Kyle. [Kyle looks at him] You okay, son?"
Member Berries,Kyle,Yeah Dad. Just thinkin'.
Member Berries,Gerald,"Well um, I'll be in my office if you wanna talk. [leaves and closes the door. He walks to his office at the end of the hallway]"
Member Berries,Scene Description,"Gerald's office. He goes in and closes the door, turns on the radio to a jazz station on 88.1 FM and heads over to his computer, takes a seat, and pours himself some wine. He goes straight to the South Park Elementary Message Board and logs in. His user name? Skankhunt42. Once on the board, he gets to work with determination on his face. He breaks out in a mischievous smile while he's plugging away"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At the school gymnasium, the parents of South Park Elementary students are watching a presentation by Dr. Schroeder about internet trolls."
Skank Hunt,Dr. Wayne Schroeder,"Nobody is safe. Nobody can hide from these monsters. Internet trolls are truly predators of society. As parents we find it hard to believe our children are doing these things online, and that is why I've been asked to come and speak to you about the student who has been trolling your school message boards."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"He changes the PowerPoint slide, showing a defaced picture of Heidi Turner's mother an example of internet trolling by Skankhunt42."
Skank Hunt,Dr. Schroeder,This troll is known only as Skankhunt42. [He cycles to the next slide.]
Skank Hunt,Dr. Schroeder,"We believe it probable he's one of the boy students here, since his favorite target seems to be women. Here, you can see Heidi Turner's mother photo shopped with a penis in her mouth, after she defended her daughter's right to sit out the national anthem."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,The crowd gasps and talk among each other.
Skank Hunt,Dr. Schroeder,"Since then, this child has been trolling all over the internet. Visiting message boards, and social media, and filling it with vile comments and hate-filled garbage. [The camera pans to Gerald smiling as Dr. Schroeder talks.]"
Skank Hunt,Dr. Schroeder,"But trolling is on the rise with teenagers, and we all need to come together to stop it. We need every parent to look for the signs in their own child."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,He changes PowerPoint to a slide titled 'Signs That my Child is a Troll'.
Skank Hunt,Dr. Schroeder,"In order for us to find these secretive monsters, we need all parents to ask themselves: ""Could my child be a troll?""."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Sheila and Gerald's car, at night and after the PTA meeting."
Skank Hunt,Sheila,"My God, what children are capable of now. What kind of hate would have to be in that child's heart?"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Well, you never know, could be someone who just, kind of thinks it's funny to stir the pot and watch everyone freak out. [Sheila gives Gerald a questioning look]"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Uh, you know! Maybe the fact that it's so not funny makes it somehow funny, to kids? Gosh, I-I certainly don't understand it."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"A bridge over a river, snowing. The same picture is reposted by Butters on Twitter, and Heidi looks at it on her phone sadly. Heidi then slowly walks to the side edge of the bridge. Surveying the drop, she types on her phone whilst tearing up. The camera pans up, a splash is heard, and two white birds fly past."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Police cars are parked outside the school. Kyle walks down the hallway past sad kids and police officers who are interviewing the teachers. He turns his head to see Bebe bawling and another girl comforting her who is also bawling. Kyle then meets Stan and Clyde."
Skank Hunt,Kyle,"Dude, what's going on?"
Skank Hunt,Clyde,You didn't hear?
Skank Hunt,Kyle,Hear what? What happened?
Skank Hunt,Stan,Heidi Turner. She... she quit Twitter.
Skank Hunt,Kyle,"Oh no. [Heidi walks past them, looking down.]"
Skank Hunt,Stan,"Yesterday after school, she wrote one last tweet that said goodbye forever, and then just got off for good."
Skank Hunt,Kyle,She'll get back on.
Skank Hunt,Stan,"No dude, she threw her phone in a river. She's... she's gone."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At the South Park Elementary library, Mr. Mackey sits in front of a group of 4th graders to help them cope with their loss."
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Alright students, I know we're all dealing with the loss of a good friend. We have to accept the fact that Heidi won't be on social media anymore. I know we're all gonna miss her, m'kay. We're gonna miss, seeing what she's up to; miss seeing her silly pictures she'd post of her and her friends, m'kay."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,Bebe breaks down and starts crying; Red shifts over to comfort her.
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,But this is what can happen when someone gets bullied online to the point they just can't go on anymore. [Kyle angrily looks over at Cartman.]
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"I know that some of you are feeling anger, m'kay. [Annie, Wendy, and Nichole are angrily looking down] Some of you are feeling a little guilt, asking how something like this can happen. But the best thing we can do for Heidi, is come together as friends, and as students, m'kay."
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"So now, why don't we all get on Twitter, m'kay, and just tweet some of the, things we loved about Heidi, m'kay?"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,Everyone takes out their phones and an begins typing tweets on Twitter in memory of Heidi. Bebe continues weeping.
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay. Oh, that's nice, that's nice, m'kay. Oh, that's a good one Sarah, uh-huh. That-that's a - that's a pretty poem. Nice Butters. Oh, Heidi would have loved this so much. This is so special, m'kay."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At the South Park Elementary cafeteria, most girls are upset and the boys are eating at a table."
Skank Hunt,Stan,"Okay. Can we all agree now, [Stan glares at Cartman] that whoever is doing this, needs to stop?"
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Totally, you guys; this has gone far enough. [Kyle looks unimpressed.] The girls are really pissed off at us. [He drinks from a milk carton.]"
Skank Hunt,Stan,"So tonight, whoever is doing this, isn't going to do it again! 'Cause if he does, we're gonna have to do something about it!"
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"You hear that guys? It'd better not happen again tonight! [Kyle still looks unimpressed.] I am so, seriously."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Broflovski residence, night. Ike is playing Minecraft on his computer. Gerald enters Ike's room"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Ike? Can I talk to you? [Takes a seat on Ike's bed] Come on, pull up a chair."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,Ike stops playing and sits next to Gerald.
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"You know, we had a big parent meeting at the school tonight, and uh, apparently, there's someone trolling the school message boards and, putting... penises in people's mouths. And whoever it was then got a big reaction from it, so he's now putting penises in people's mouths all over the internet. And... he's actually getting pretty famous!"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Sooo, Annie Jerkin's mother started an online campaign to stop internet trolling with a picture of her and her daughter, and you know what happened? She got a dick in her mouth!"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Ha-okay, okay, I know, it's just guy humor stuff, you know. We can laugh about about it here, but, it is serious too. Well, love you pal. Get to sleep, it's a school night."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Gerald smiles at Ike before leaving. In the hallway, Sheila encounters Gerald"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Oh, hey!"
Skank Hunt,Sheila,Did you talk to him?
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Yeah, yeah, we talked. It was good."
Skank Hunt,Sheila,"Oh, that's good."
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Yeah, well, I'd better go and get some of my work done."
Skank Hunt,Sheila,"Oh, right, right, yeah."
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Yeah, don't wait up. I'll be a while with these stupid case profiles."
Skank Hunt,Sheila,All right. Night Gerald.
Skank Hunt,Gerald,Night sweetie. [Gerald receives a kiss from Sheila]
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In his office, Gerald turns on the lights and puts Smokin' by Boston on his turntable in the background. He pours some wine from a hidden compartment into a glass, sits at his desk, puts on his glasses, and starts surfing on Facebook. Text boxes pop up as background impressions voice over them."
Skank Hunt,Woman 1,Hey! Just wanna remind everyone about the ice cream social to benefit homeless teens. Looking for volunteers.
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Hey, I'd like to volunteer to kick you in the vagina! Where do I sign up?!"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,More surfing of Facebook
Skank Hunt,Woman 2,This is my daughter at the triathlon today! Go little girl!
Skank Hunt,Gerald,Your daughter has a mustache - what the hell is wrong with your ovaries bitch?!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,Camera pans away from Gerald. A woman looks appalled after reading Gerald's post on her computer. Another woman is in shown also shocked. Gerald continues his trolling onslaught.
Skank Hunt,Commentator,You've been dick-slapped!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"A couple are dining at a restaurant, but the woman becomes outraged after reading another of Gerald's posts on her phone. The man also becomes outraged after she shows it to him."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Gerald types on his 2 computers along to the notes of a keyboard. In a bathroom, a man on the toilet is startled after reading yet another of Gerald's post on his tablet. Explosions of various buildings start appearing. Gerald continues his relentless assault, also targeting Annie, who becomes enraged."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"2 elephants are shown humping. A clip shows how Gerald photoshops dicks into women's mouths. Then at a Boston concert, Gerald reenacts playing the keyboard by typing on his computers. A traditional man spins 2 rods that are on fire."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Finally, Gerald yawns and calls it a night, taking his glass of wine and leaving the room. South Park Elementary, day. The girls are gathered at the playground, and Wendy paces back and forth"
Skank Hunt,Bebe,You should've seen what he said about my mother on her Instagram! Pages and pages of disgusting things!
Skank Hunt,Annie,This is an attack on all of us! It's time to make the boys suffer!
Skank Hunt,Wendy,It has to be swift and serious. We have to make a statement. The girls in South Park aren't going to be treated like afterthoughts anymore!
Skank Hunt,Girls (except Heidi Turner),Yeah!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"A backview shot of the boys is shown, with the girls in the background."
Skank Hunt,Annie,This has gone on too long and it's time to do something!
Skank Hunt,Girls (except Heidi Turner),Yeah!
Skank Hunt,Clyde,[The boys are now the focus.] What do you think they're talking about?
Skank Hunt,Butters,"They're talking about how they're gonna get us - what do you think? That's how the world works now. You get blamed for the group you belong to, even if you didn't do nothing!"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Boy's Restroom, outside."
Skank Hunt,Butters,What are we gonna do about them?
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Boy's Restroom, inside. The boys are gathered and Stan paces back and forth"
Skank Hunt,Kyle,The girls want to see Cartman punished so we have to prove it's him.
Skank Hunt,Craig,We're never gonna prove that and you know it! We have to make him stop!
Skank Hunt,Butters,"He's not gonna stop, he's loving all this! He wants the girls to hurt us!"
Skank Hunt,Clyde,Then let's end it.
Skank Hunt,Jimmy,What do you mean?
Skank Hunt,Clyde,Cartman is the cause of all our problems. Always. We all know what has to be done.
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,The boys look at Clyde with surprise and dread. Stan stops pacing
Skank Hunt,Clyde,It's not like we haven't talked about it before - fantasized about how we'd do it.
Skank Hunt,Kyle,"Yeah, but not like we'd actually do it."
Skank Hunt,Stan,Clyde's right.
Skank Hunt,Kyle,Stan... You can't be thinking that we'd-
Skank Hunt,Stan,What else do we do Kyle? You know better than anybody what a monster he is.
Skank Hunt,Token,He pushed everyone too far.
Skank Hunt,Butters,"It's him, or us!"
Skank Hunt,Kyle,Are we seriously talking about doing this?
Skank Hunt,Craig,How would we ever get away with it?
Skank Hunt,Stan,We do it out in the woods. I know how to get him to go.
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In the school hallway, Cartman listens to some music while sitting. He notices the boys walking up to him"
Skank Hunt,Cartman,'Sup dudes?
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,The boys are all looking down. Stan talks in an unenthusiastic tone.
Skank Hunt,Stan,"After school, we're gonna go to my uncle's cabin - in the woods. We're gonna have a slumber party and play Counter-Strike all night with no one around to bother us."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,[Stands up excited] Are you serious?! All night broship Counter-Strike party? That's fucking sweet! Does your uncle's cabin have good wifi?
Skank Hunt,Stan,"Yeah, but don't tell anyone where you're going. We don't want adults to know cause there's gonna be a ton of junk food."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Bros!! Dude, that's so awesome! This is gonna be the best night ever!"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,Counsellor's office. Mr. Mackey sits at his desk holding a bunch of Member Berries.
Skank Hunt,Berries,"'Member TIE fighters? Oh, 'member Jawas? 'Member? Hey, 'member Jurassic Park? Ooh, you love Jurassic Park. 'Member Jeff Goldblum? Oh, I 'member Jeff Goldblum - he was really tasty. [Mr. Mackey plucks one berry and eats it] I love Jeff Goldblum. 'Member?"
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,Mueeh...
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Scott Malkinson barges into the counselor's office, startling Mr. Mackey who quickly puts away the Member Berries in his desk drawer."
Skank Hunt,Scott,I can't do this anymore! I can't take it!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Oh! Er, hi Scott.[Scott sits on the chair in front of Mr. Mackey.]"
Skank Hunt,Scott,Nobody ever pays attention to me! Nobody cares! I just want to end it all!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Scott, come on, we've talked about this. You don't wanna quit Twitter."
Skank Hunt,Scott,Why not?! Everyone would be happier if I did!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,Who'd be happier?
Skank Hunt,Scott,Everyone.
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Well, what about your parents, huh? How'd you think they'd feel if you quit Twitter?"
Skank Hunt,Scott,I don't think they'd even notice!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Of course they'd notice. They'd be saad, m'kay, they'd be saad. You've got so much ahead of you Scott; so many posts and tweets still ahead of you. You haven't even started to see what social media has to offer you. You can't-you can't just end it all. Not now."
Skank Hunt,Scott,"You're right, I guess I don't want to quit Twitter."
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"There you go, m'kay? But now you come back here anytime you're having bad thoughts, m'kay?"
Skank Hunt,Scott,"Okay, thanks."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Scott leaves the office. Mr. Mackey starts to retrieve the Member Berries, but Scott barges in again, forcing Mr. Mackey to return the Member Berries again."
Skank Hunt,Scott,Twitter would be better off without me! I'm quitting!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, okay. Now, Scott-[Scott takes the seat again]"
Skank Hunt,Scott,What's the point!? Better to just end it all now!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,O-kay...
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In the woods the boys, who are still looking down and unenthusiastic, and Cartman, are trekking along a dirt path, bringing along their electronics."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,This is gonna be so awesome. Just hanging with the bros playing Counter-Strike all night. Alone in the woods - you pumped Token?
Skank Hunt,Token,"Yeah, I'm really excited."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,I'm totally gonna do some massive pwnage. Whoever's on my team will be stoked. My laptop's so fast it doesn't lag at all. I can jump around like a pwnage powerhouse.
Skank Hunt,Clyde,I'm sure you will.
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"You guys all seem kinda, like, bummed out. Is everything cool?"
Skank Hunt,Stan,Everything's fine Cartman. We'll just get there sooner if maybe we don't talk much.
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Okay, cool. Goin' a long way to play Counter-Strike. Guess it's sweet though there won't be any adults to screw it up for us. How much further now?"
Skank Hunt,Kyle,We're almost there.
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At sunset, they arrive at the cabin."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"This place has sweet wifi, right? Gon' be so awesome."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In the city, at a campaign-headquarters during the day, a supervisor is walking around."
Skank Hunt,Man,Oh my God. Oh my God! Oh my God!
Skank Hunt,Supervisor,[Walks to the man.] What's wrong?
Skank Hunt,Man,Someone keeps trolling our campaign site!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,The supervisor takes a closer look at the man's computer screen.
Skank Hunt,Man,"He just keeps leaving horrible comments, and now he's attacking me personally!"
Skank Hunt,Supervisor,"Aww, don't let him get to you."
Skank Hunt,Man,Don't let him-?! He took a picture I posted and put a dick in my mouth! Who does that?!
Skank Hunt,Supervisor,Someone who probably still lives with his mother and hates himself. He obviously has nothing better to do. Just let him wallow in his own misery.
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At his house, during the day, Gerald leaves the house very cheerfully. Steal My Sunshine by Len starts playing as Gerald strides down the road. He cheerfully gets out of the way of a car after the driver honked."
Skank Hunt,Man 2,"Get out of the street, you idiot!"
Skank Hunt,Gerald,Sorry! My bad!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Gerald passes by 2 neighbors arguing about the election ignorantly, he nearly gets knocked over by a biker, but blissfully passes it off."
Skank Hunt,Gerald,Ha ha! Don't worry!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At the supermarket, Gerald picks up a bottle of wine and happily skips to the checkout, passing by the Member Berries' section"
Skank Hunt,Berries,"'Member the Cantina? Oh-hoh, I 'member. 'Member Star Destroyers? Yeah, I love Star Destroyers! 'Member?"
Skank Hunt,Woman 3,[To the cashier.] I have a coupon for that too. An-and those are 6 for $4 with this coupon. [To Gerald] Sorry.
Skank Hunt,Gerald,"Oh, no please. It's no problem at all!"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"On his way home that evening, Gerald slowly dances back to his house."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Outside his office at school, Mr. Mackey is locking up, but Scott Malkinson walks up behind him."
Skank Hunt,Scott,"I'm gonna do it! [Mr. Mackey turns a worried, then frustrated look] I'm gonna quit Twitter, I mean it this time!"
