Pre-School,Kyle,Wait! We'll do it.
Pre-School,Sixth grade leader,"It'd have to be a good picture, too! [the sixth-graders make motorcycle noises and ride off. This sixth grader does a wheelie] So long, Fourthies!"
Pre-School,Cartman,"Okay, so now we just need to get a picture of Stan's mom naked. Cool."
Pre-School,Scene Description,Trent makes makeshift barbells out of rods and solid disks and begins pumping iron.
Pre-School,Scene Description,"South Park, Main Street. A couple and Ms. Claridge pass each other."
Pre-School,Woman 1,"That's the preschool teacher, Ms. Claridge. Poor woman suffered such horrible burns she can only communicate by... beeping once for yes and twice for no. [Ms. Claridge stops at a corner waiting to cross the street. Another couple approaches her and flanks her on either side]"
Pre-School,Woman 2,"Oh hello, Ms. Claridge. Nice day, isn't it? [Ms. Claridge's machine blinks once, so yes]"
Pre-School,Man 2,"Need help across the street, Ms. Claridge? [Ms. Claridge's machine blinks two, so no] Well all right then. [the light turns green and the couple crosses the street. Ms. Claridge does as well, but it's slow going for her. Her wheelchair slows down and her power indicator drops to zero. She stuck in the middle of the street in the crosswalk]"
Pre-School,Man 3,"[walks over to help her] Ms. Claridge, you all right? [silence, as there's no power for her light to blink] You can talk to me, Ms. Claridge. I understand: one beep for yes and two for no. Don't you think you should get out of the street? [again, no response] Look you, you don't have to be so cold. I'm just trying to help. [no response. The man gets annoyed] Oooo, sorry! [the man walks on to the other side of the street, quite annoyed at Ms. Claridge. Cross traffic begins, and the cars beep at Ms. Claridge to move out of the way. She's stuck]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,A doorbell rings. Mrs. Broflovski approaches and opens the door. Trent faces her with his knife in hand.
Pre-School,Trent,Can Kyle come out and play?
Pre-School,Sheila,"Oh, Kyle isn't home right now, hon."
Pre-School,Trent,"Thank you, ma'am. [turns and walks away]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,"Stan's house. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny sit at the dining table. Cartman is dressed as a woman."
Pre-School,Stan,"You see, Mom, all the kids at school were told to bring a picture of their moms' breasts for anatomy class."
Pre-School,Cartman,"I don't know, son. That sounds awfully strange. [crosses his arms] You cannot have a picture of my hot breasts."
Pre-School,Stan,"But mom, my teacher will-"
Pre-School,Cartman,"Nononono, you gotta go [softly, sweetly] ""But Mo-o-o-om."""
Pre-School,Stan,[normal] But Mo-o-o-
Pre-School,Cartman,"[with more feeling] ""But Mo-o-o-om."""
Pre-School,Stan,This is hopeless!
Pre-School,Kyle,Why don't you just sneak in your mom's closet and get a picture when she's changing clothes?
Pre-School,Stan,"That's sick, dude! I'm not taking a picture of my mom's boobs!"
Pre-School,Kenny,[volunteers] (I'll do it!)
Pre-School,Stan,"No, you're not doing it either! We just need to find something that looks like boobs to take a picture of."
Pre-School,Kyle,"What else has big round squishy globes? [they look at Cartman, who looks up into space]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,"Living room, moments later. Cartman stands on a stool and squats down. Kyle has a set of instructions and Stan has a marker. Kenny stands as a witness."
Pre-School,Cartman,Draw the um- You guys draw the nipples like on the bottom of my ass cheeks.
Pre-School,Kyle,"[checks the book] No, the nipples are more in the middle, see? [holds the book out for the others to see.]"
Pre-School,Cartman,"Yeah, but Stan's mom is old; that means her nipples... sag more to the bottom now."
Pre-School,Stan,How do you know?!
Pre-School,Cartman,Will you guys trust me? I know this stuff!
Pre-School,Stan,"All right, fine. [draws some nipples on Cartman's ass, checking the book to be sure. He then steps back]"
Pre-School,Kyle,Oh wait! We forgot the necklace.
Pre-School,Kenny,"(Oh yeah!) [walks up and puts a necklace above the new nipples, then steps back. Stan frames the image with his hands, then has Kyle step into his spot to take a couple of pictures.]"
Pre-School,Kyle,"[lowers the camera] God, I hope this works."
Pre-School,Scene Description,"The ravine, day. The sixth graders are there again, riding up and down the concrete slopes. Stan and his friends approach."
Pre-School,Stan,Excuse me!
Pre-School,Sixth grade leader,What do you want now?!
Pre-School,Stan,"[steps forward] We, we got it. [pulls out the photo. The sixth graders ride up to the boys]"
Pre-School,Sixth grader 4,You got a picture of your mom's bewbs?
Pre-School,Sixth grader 5,No way!
Pre-School,Sixth grader 2,"[walks up and takes the photo, then walks back to the group, looking at it] Hey, hold on a second! [the boys are scared] These are like the hottest tits I've ever seen!"
Pre-School,Sixth grader 8,Whoa!
Pre-School,Sixth grader 4,Check them out!
Pre-School,Sixth grade leader,[walks up and grabs is from #6] Give me that! [looks] Whoa! I knew she had a hot rack!
Pre-School,Sixth graders,Yeah. Sure does. Uh-huh! Uh-huh!
Pre-School,Sixth grader 3,"Oh yeah, those are so hot. [fondles his groin] Oooohhh"
Pre-School,Kyle,"[the boys look at each other] Okay, so now you'll help us take care of Trent Boyett?"
Pre-School,Sixth grade leader,"[someone else has the picture now] Oh all right, we'll let this Trent Boyett know that if he messes with you, he's messin' with us!"
Pre-School,Cartman,All right!
Pre-School,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Pre-School,Cartman,"You guys, we're free! We haven't a care in the world!"
Pre-School,Kenny,(All right!)
Pre-School,Sixth grader 9,I need three minutes alone with the picture behind the bushes.
Pre-School,Sixth grader 2,I get to take the picture behind the bushes after you.
Pre-School,Sixth grade leader,[grabs the picture] I'm takin' it to the bushes first! [the others follow]
Pre-School,Stan,"Dude, are we gonna be like that someday?"
Pre-School,Kyle,[after some thought] Naw.
Pre-School,Scene Description,The intersection. Ms. Claridge is still there. The boys exit an ice cream parlor with ice cream cones and walk down the street.
Pre-School,Kyle,"Man, I would have loved to seen to seen the look on Trent Boyett's face when all the sixth graders showed up!"
Pre-School,Cartman,Yeah. Trent's just lucky he didn't mess with us. I woulda kicked his ass.
Pre-School,Stan,"Hey, look. What is Ms. Claridge doing? [she's still in the crosswalk] Ms. Claridge?"
Pre-School,Man 4,"[stops and walks up to the boys] She won't talk to anybody, boys. Some say... she's just given up hope. [walks on. The boys move on as well and round a corner]"
Pre-School,Cartman,"Hey guys, you know what we should do? We should go get a- [drops his cone in fright] Huh?! [before them is a pile of mangled bikes]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, later. The boys enter the emergency room and see it full of cots. The sixth graders are there, some injured more than others. The emergency room personnel have their hands full."
Pre-School,Dr. Doctor,"Jesus Christ, I've never seen so many Indian sunburns and titty twisters in my life! [sees a nurse and motions to her] Get a cold towel on that pink belly!"
Pre-School,Nurse 1,"Doctor, we have another snuggie here!"
Pre-School,Dr. Doctor,"Over there! [points to a clear area, then goes to another cot on which a sixth grader grabs his left ear in pain. A nurse is there as well] Another wet willie?"
Pre-School,Nurse 2,Worst one yet.
Pre-School,Sixth grader,It's all slimy and spitty! [becomes incomprehensible and cries out in pain]
Pre-School,Dr. Doctor,Give the poor kid some morphine. [the nurse reaches for a syringe and does as told. The boys approach the cot on which the leader of the sixth graders lies]
Pre-School,Stan,"Dude, what happened?"
Pre-School,Sixth grade leader,We... told him not to mess with you guys... We told him... you paid us.
Pre-School,Kyle,"Oh, Jesus. You told him that?! [the leader suffers a cramp and groans]"
Pre-School,Dr. Doctor,"Boys, you have to let him rest. Some mean kid gave him a Texas Chili Bowl."
Pre-School,Stan,What's that?
Pre-School,Dr. Doctor,"It involves Tabasco sauce, a telephone, and the anus. [the boys are flabbergasted] I don't know what kind of kid would do this to other people; I only know that I wouldn't ever want to be on that kid's bad side. [walks away. The boys leave the hospital]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, outside."
Pre-School,Stan,We're dead. Trent knows we sent the sixth-graders after him.
Pre-School,Cartman,He's gonna give us all Texas chili bowls. [breathes a silent sigh]
Pre-School,Kyle,We've gotta move away. We've gotta get as far away from this town as possible!
Pre-School,Stan,"No, no, we've just gotta find better help."
Pre-School,Kyle,From who? We can't ask adults for help and there's nobody tougher than sixth graders.
Pre-School,Stan,[looks down] There is... one person.
Pre-School,Scene Description,"Stan's house, living room. Shelly is watching TV with a bowl of soup on her lap. Stan and friends enter and approach."
Pre-School,Stan,Shelly?
Pre-School,Shelly,"Shut up, turd! I'm watching television!"
Pre-School,Stan,"Shelly, you're my sister, right? And families... depend on each other."
Pre-School,Shelly,"I said shut up, or I will destroy you, tur-r-rd!"
Pre-School,Stan,"Shelly [hesitates, begins to tear up] Somebody is going to kill me, and I can't go to Mom or Dad for help, so, you're kind of the only person I have... left. [begins to cry. Shelly notices, puts her bowl aside, hops off the sofa, and walks up to Stan]"
Pre-School,Shelly,"[in Stan's face] Stop crying, turd! Now, who's gonna kill you?"
Pre-School,Stan,"Trent Boyett. He just got released from Juvenile Hall. He was sent there for burning Ms. Claridge, but actually, it was our fault."
Pre-School,Shelly,"Oh, you are such stupid turds."
Pre-School,Stan,"We were only four years old at the time, uh. We du-we didn't think about the past coming back to haunt us then. We didn't think and now he's gonna kill us!"
Pre-School,Shelly,"Calm down, turd! No Juvenile Hall turd is going to kill you. That's my job."
Pre-School,Kyle,So you're gonna help us?
Pre-School,Shelly,"Yes, but I'm gonna want something in return."
Pre-School,Cartman,A picture of your mom's boobs?
Pre-School,Shelly,"Shut up, turd! [all four of the boys stand back in fear] You're going to admit to Ms. Claridge what you did!"
Pre-School,Stan,Admit it was our fault?
Pre-School,Shelly,"You can't run from your past, turds. Apologize and make amends. Then I'll protect you from this Trent turd. [the boys aren't so sure apologizing will do any good]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,"The intersection. Ms. Claridge is still there. No one has moved her. Cars move past her, honking at her, and two men and a woman approach the corner facing her."
Pre-School,Man 5,"Ms. Claridge, the people in town are really worried about you. [no reply]"
Pre-School,Woman 3,"Look, if you're having some kind of problem, you have to be able to talk to people. [no reply]"
Pre-School,Man 6,"Just tell us this: do you trust that we want what's best for you, yes or no? [no reply]"
Pre-School,Man 5,"All right, fine! But someday you're gonna have to learn to let people in! [the three walk away] Bitch. [Stan and his friends approach the corner and walk up to Ms. Claridge.]"
Pre-School,Stan,"Hi, Ms. Claridge. Uh, we have s-something to tell you. [no reply]"
Pre-School,Kyle,"The thing is, Ms. Claridge, we did a lot of stupid things when we were kids."
Pre-School,Cartman,A lot of stupid things that we regret.
Pre-School,Kenny,(And it's time for us to come clean.) [no reply]
Pre-School,Stan,"See, Ms. Claridge, when we were little, we used to play with our wieners a lot, and one game we played was ""Fireman."""
Pre-School,Trent,[appearing behind them] I've been lookin' for you! [the boys turn and jump upon seeing him. Kenny tightens his hood.] Five years I've been waitin' for this day.
Pre-School,Cartman,Aaaaaaaah!
Pre-School,Stan,"Trent, look, we've realized our mistake! [Trent advances, the boys back up]"
Pre-School,Cartman,"Yes, our conscience got the best of us and, and we were just about to tell everyone the truth. [the boys hide behind Ms. Claridge's wheelchair, Trent goes around the other side and faces them behind the chair]"
Pre-School,Trent,"You had five years to do that. And while I wasted away my time in prison you've been enjoying nice, normal lives!"
Pre-School,Kyle,"Our lives have not been enjoyable, Trent! I promise you! [the boys back up some more, away from the intersection]"
Pre-School,Trent,Don't tell me that! I heard about the things you've done! But there were no magical Christmas adventures or talking poo for me! I DIDN'T GET TO FIGHT A HUGE MECHANIC BARBRA STREISAND!! NO ACCIDENTAL TRIPS TO AFGANISTAN FOR TRENT BOYETT!! [advances. Cartman pulls out a taser gun as the other boys fall in behind him]
Pre-School,Cartman,"Stay away from us, Trent!"
Pre-School,Stan,What is that?
Pre-School,Cartman,"It's my mom's taser. I took it from her purse. [steps forward] Just back off, man!"
Pre-School,Trent,"Look, just take your punishment! You deserve it! Let me have my retribution and it can be over with."
Pre-School,Cartman,I am not going to have a titty twister! I hate titty twisters!
Pre-School,Trent,"You don't even know how to use that! [advances on Cartman, who fires the taser but misses.]"
Pre-School,Scene Description,"The taser tips hit Ms. Claridge's wheelchair and begin charging her battery up. Excess power causes the wheelchair to spin twice around and go off to the corner she was facing. She hits Little Gas Shack and blows up three propane tanks just outside the store. Those tanks in turn blow up the store. Ms. Claridge catches fire and spins around a few more times. Her button blinks twice for no and she crosses back across the street, crashing into a Pets-U-Luv store. A bunch of cats attack her and she pulls back out of the store. She spins again a few more times and a policeman pulls up in his cruiser. Ms. Claridge rolls down the street and shears off a fire hydrant. She gets stuck atop the pipe and water shoots up and engulfs her. Moments later the ambulance pulls up and the paramedics prepare to put Ms. Claridge into the cargo area of the vehicle."
Pre-School,Officer 2,"So, Trent, you just had to finish off your old preschool teacher, eh?"
Pre-School,Trent,No! They did it! [silence for a few seconds]
Pre-School,Cartman,"Trent Boyett is a liar, sir."
Pre-School,Officer 2,"Ms. Claridge, did Trent Boyett do this to you? [two beeps, so no] Yes, yes. Take him away!"
Pre-School,Trent,[a blond officer arrests him] No! You've gotta listen to me! [nope. He's hauled away and the gathered crowd disperses]
Pre-School,Kyle,"Dude, when he gets out he's gonna be really mad!"
Pre-School,Cartman,"Whatever, that's like five years from now."
Pre-School,Stan,"Yeah, who cares?"
Pre-School,The boys,"Yeah, woohoo!"
Pre-School,Cartman,"We did it! [walks over to the side of the cruiser Trent is sitting in] So long, Trent! Have a nice time! [Trent grits his teeth in anger as Cartman dances] Nyanyanyanyanyaaanyaaa! [turns around and lowers his pants, then shakes his bare at him] Hahahahahaaahaaa! [he forgot to remove the nipple markings from it. Trent grows livid. The six-graders arrive and notice Cartman's buttcheeks.]"
Pre-School,Sixth grader 2,"Hey, hold on a second!"
Pre-School,Cartman,Uh oh.
Pre-School,Sixth grader 2,Bewbs!
Pre-School,Sixth grader 1,Omigod!
Pre-School,Sixth graders,Boobs!
Pre-School,Sixth grader 1,[as the others argue over them and carry Cartman away] I'm taking them to the bushes!
Pre-School,Sixth grader 2,I'm taking them to the bushes first!
Pre-School,Cartman,Hah! Hey!
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,An announcer introduces the news over some action-type music.
Quest for Ratings,Announcer,"This is closed-circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now, Super School News. The news made for students, by students."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,Welcome to S-super School News. I'm Jimmy Valmer.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,And I'm Rick Cartman.
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,The price of milk money will go up next Monday to 49 cents. The school claims the added money is due to the cow shortage in South Park County.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Parent-teacher conferences will be held this Wednesday night, from seven to nine. So kids, get a lot of playing in before you get grounded. And now, for a look at what's on the menu for school lunch today, here's Stan Marsh."
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Reporting from the cafeteria, Stan."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Eric, it looks as though the school will be serving a chicken cutlet. Now, that's traditionally a uh-a white meat chicken... breast, if you will, that has been breaded, and then cooked. I've been told there will also be tater-tots and a vegetable dish. This is really shaping up to be a ah-ah one fantastic lunch. Eric?"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[serious pose] ...Hard-hitting reporting, Stan. Thanks a lot. And now, here with the celebrity watch is Butters Stotch. Butters, seen any celebrities?"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Reporting from the sidewalk in front of the school, Butters."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Nu-noo, not yet. I've been standin' out in front of the school for about ...two hours now and ah, and I haven't seen any celebrities. Uh, about thirty minutes ago I thought I saw Sigourney Weaver, but ih-ih-turn- it turns out it was a dead horse."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"All right, Butters, keep your eyes open."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,[over a speaker] Will do.
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,More snow for South P... P-P-Park. Here's Token Black with the weather.
Quest for Ratings,Token,"[in front of a weather map] Jimmy and Eric, it looks like a massive snow storm is headed South Park's way. I asked my dad last night and he said that he heard the snow storm is expected on Tuesday. Guys?"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Kyle Broflovski now joins us for a look at sports. And Kyle, the girls' basketball team just can't get it right."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"[at a small desk, for Sports] Another devastating loss for the Cows last night, Eric. They were ahead in the game until Kelly Anderson started crying because she missed her daddy, who's on a business trip in Thailand. Uh, Kelly was so upset she couldn't play, and the Cows had to forfeit."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,Cows are on a six and O slide since Kelly's father left for that business trip.
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,And that's all for Super School News. Enjoy your day at South Park Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh- [lilts] Ehehehehe [normal] El-Elementary.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,[returning from the kitchen to serve as cameraman] And we're... cut! [turns off the camera]
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"All right, nice reporting, guys. Nice. [the reporters gather in studio]"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Boy, that was a great episode!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Yeah, I think that was one of our best shows yet."
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"[enters the studio] Boys, I'm afraid I have some bad news. The school has to cancel your show."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,What?!
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"For God's sake,why Mr. M-M-Meryl?!"
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Well, the students just aren't watching ya. Your rating was only a four this whole week."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,How many students is that?
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Four. [holds up four fingers] Four students watch your show. And meanwhile, Craig's show is getting a 57!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,...Craig's show??
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,What is that butthole doing now?!
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Oh, it's brilliant! It's all just video footage of animals close-up with a wide angle lens. [pops a VHS tape into the player and the video starts]"
Quest for Ratings,Craig,"[on tape, as the name of the show is displayed] Animals Close-Up With A Wide Angle Lens. [the video goes on to show close-ups of dogs and cats.]"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,But that's... that's crap! That's not even TV!
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"It's what the students want, and it's cheaper to make than your show. Just one person and a video camera. Craig is a genius. Uh-sorry, kids. [walks between and past them]"
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"[stopping Mr. Meryl] But, Mr. Meryl, we're trying to bring the news to the students. They need to know the facts, and our news team delivers them, very much."
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Kids don't care about the news, boys. It's boring. Kids wanna see animals, close-up, with a wide angle lens!"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Please, Mr. Meryl, but, the news is our life. Without it, we have nothing."
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"I'm sorry, kids. Y-y-you should be proud of what you've done. It's just that it's kind of gay. [walks off]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,...You're gay!
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Whistlin' Willy's Pizza Gulch, day. The boys are seated for lunch: Jimmy, Butters, Cartman, Stan, Kyle, and Token. Other kids are there as well."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,[his head resting on his right hand] Gee whiz. We sure worked hard on that new show.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,Apparently it doesn't matter how hard you work.
Quest for Ratings,Whistlin' Willy,"[approaches the table] Hello boys, ready to do some whistlin'? [begins to whistle]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Fuck off, Whistlin' Willy. We're not in the mood."
Quest for Ratings,Whistlin' Willy,"[enthusiastically] If you want a pizza, you've gotta whistle. [whistles] Come on! [whistles some more, then stops. The boys whistle back, but slowly and flatly] There you go! [sets the pizza down on the table and leaves]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[softly] God, I wish we had a Pizza Hut in South Park."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"[look at Cartman, but notices someone else] Hey, look, Craig just walked in. [Craig enters to cheers from the other kids in the restaurant and waves back to them. Several kids take pictures of Craig]"
Quest for Ratings,Bradley,Yeah!
Quest for Ratings,Kid 1,"Hey look, it's Craig!"
Quest for Ratings,Kevin,"Hey, Craig, over here!"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Geez, all that from a stupid video show."
Quest for Ratings,Craig,[sees the other boys and addresses them] Oh hey guys. Heard about your news show being cancelled.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Go play with yourself, Craig."
Quest for Ratings,Craig,"Yeah, well, I've got an overall deal with the school, heh. They're paying me six dollars a week to come up with new shows."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Your idea took about this much thought, Craig! [holds up a fist with thumb and index finger just a centimeter apart]"
Quest for Ratings,Craig,[throws the gesture back at Stan] This much more than you had!
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Craig walks off with his fans. They head to Willy's VIP Lounge, which is just a large corner booth. A waiter guards access to the lounge and Craig approaches."
Quest for Ratings,Craig,"Hey, a round of root beers for everyone! On me! [the other kids cheer and the waiter opens the lounge. The kids pour into place, including Kenny.]"
Quest for Ratings,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[catches up to Kenny] Kenny, what the hell are you doing with this asshole?!"
Quest for Ratings,Kenny,"(Craig just asked me to do his show, geez.)"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"You're helping Craig make his show?! I can't believe you would betray us like that! We've always been supercool to you! [Kenny flashes back to Cartman gloating about their news show]  ""Hahahahahaaahaaa! We're gonna do a news show, and you can't do it with us, because you are too poo-oor, and poor people don't watch the new-oos! Nyanyanyanyanyaaanyaaa!"" [Kenny gets annoyed] [The flashback ends, which the upset Kenny crosses his arms] ...Ah whatever, Kenny! [walks away]"
Quest for Ratings,Craig,"Hey gang, I brought the new episode of wide angle, close-up animals. [the kids cheer again. Clyde walks up and takes the tape from Craig]"
Quest for Ratings,Clyde,"[excitedly runs towards the video wall] Put it, put it up on the, monitors! [puts the tape into the player and more close-up footage of animals is shown]"
Quest for Ratings,Kids,Cuuute. [a kitten's face is shown] Super cuuute.
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"[turns back to the table] Gah, I just don't get it."
Quest for Ratings,Token,"Wow, those animals are pretty cute."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Token! Now, come on, guys! We worked too hard to just roll over for Craig and his stupid overall deal. Instead of sitting here feeling sorry for ourselves, we just need to figure out how to make our show better!"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Yeah. Maybe if we can get higher ratings by the end of the week, they'll let us stay on the air!"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Well, what are we waitin' for?!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Come on, guys! [the boys leave]"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Student Conference Room 1-F, later. Inside, A sign above the chalkboard reads ""Idea Room."" Cartman has his feet up on the table. Stan paces the floor."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"All right, we all need to come up with ideas for our show."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,How about we revamp the name? Super School News sounds dry.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,It should be Sexy News.
Quest for Ratings,Token,Action News!
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Yeah, Sexy Action, that's good."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,Maybe the problem is we don't have very good stories to report on.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Right. We should make up stories, because they'll be far more interesting."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Hey, yeah. Uh why I could say I saw celebrities even though I didn't, a-a-and then lie about what I saw them doing."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Nice, Butters, write that down!"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,[enunciates each word as he writes it] Lie about celebrities.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"We have to appeal to all the students, so we, we need hot girls for the sixth graders..."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,And panda bears for the preschoolers.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,Good!
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,Maybe we need to make students think they have to watch our news show or they'll die.
Quest for Ratings,Token,Yeah! We should make up a bunch of reports about how dangerous it is to be alive.
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Oh, boy!"
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Fellas, are you sure all of this is eh-ethical?"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"We're in fourth grade, Jimmy. We don't even know what ethical means."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"All right, Sexy Action School News Team, it's time to go to work. Get out there and get some stories!"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Sexy Action School News Team, ho! [the boys leave their seats and head out the doors. Cartman stops Token]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Ah, Token, can I have a quick word with you? [takes Token by the arm and walks him away from the door] Look, Token, I-I know the guys are having trouble bringing this up with you, but uh... Well the thing is, Token, we... we really need to revamp your whole TV persona."
Quest for Ratings,Token,Huh?
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"You see Token, people really enjoy seeing African-Americans on the news... Seeing African-Americans on the news, not hearing them. That's why all African-Americans newspeople learn to talk more... wha-, how should I say... white. [Sees that Token isn't following] Token, all the great African-Americans news people have learned to hide their ebonic tribespeak with a more pure Caucasian dialect. There's no shame in it, and I think it'll really help our ratings."
Quest for Ratings,Announcer,"This is South Park Elementary School closed-circuit television. And now, [dramatic fanfare] Time with the Sexy Action School News! [a splashy logo appears with a small explosion behind the logo, then a female silhouette walking across the screen behind the words]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Is South Park about to explode from a methane gas leak? More on that later. But first, Stan Marsh has a look at some new outfits for the Raisins girls!"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Reporting from Raisins, Stan Marsh. He's surrounded by Raisins with shorter shorts and tank tops."
Quest for Ratings,Raisins Girls,Woohoo!
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Eric, the outfits are even skimpier than before, leaving very little to the imagination. No doubt that if I were a little older, I would be aroused."
Quest for Ratings,Raisins Girls,Woowhoowoo!
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"And now, for a look at the weather, here is Token Black, and Token, I hope there's no tornadoes headed our way."
Quest for Ratings,Token,"[deeper, whiter voice] No tornadoes, Eric, but interestingly enough, there is a low-pressure storm moving in over the Park County Valley. Should bring us some chilly days ahead. [grins and points his index fingers at the camera]"
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,The Park County School Board has approved a bigger budget for the computer lab up-
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[rudely interrupting] Oooo, hang on, Jimmy, it looks like Kyle has the dish on some students' bathroom habits. Kyle?"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"[at a different, flashier desk] Eric, sources are speculating that third-grade student, Pete Thelman [his picture is shown], pees sitting down like a girl. We've also got confirmation that Sally Turner [her picture is shown] stuffs her bra. And Clyde Donovan has only one testicle."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[cracks up with laughter, then holds up a finger] One testicle! [pounds the desk and laughs] What an asshole! [a short jingle is heard]"
Quest for Ratings,Token,"Uh-oh, looks like it's Panda Bear Madness Minute! [circus music plays as panda-suited mascots and the other reporters join Token in the weather area and dance. A pulsating logo appears]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Oh yeah, Panda Bear Madness! And now, let's get a look at the celebrity watch, with Butters."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"[dismayed] This isn't the news, this is a tr-tr-tr-tr-travesty."
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,Student Conference Room 1-F.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"All right, so after my report on the unsanitary conditions of the school cafeteria, we're go to Kyle for the story on Brian Teeves trying to make out with Susan Farkle."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Then, let's do Token's report on how global warming is going to kill everyone in the fifth grade."
Quest for Ratings,Token,"That is a terrific idea, Stan, A-Okay."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"[walks into the room with a tape] Fellas! Fellas, I got fant-tastic news! The vice-President, Dick Cheney, was in Denver yesterday, and I got an interview with him for our news show. [the boys look at Cartman]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Oooo, interview with the vice-President, hmmm. Frankly, Jimmy, I don't know how we're gonna fit that in between cheerleader pie-eating and Who's got skidmarks Monday."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,But this is real news!
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"It's boring news, Jimmy."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,How do you know?! You you haven't s-seen it yet!
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"All right, tell me about it."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Well, in the interview, Mr. Cheney tells me all about how the-"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[yawns loudly] Aww! Ohh! God, I just got so sleepy. I'm sorry, what were we talking about?"
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Look, fellas, I've got a real problem with the direction our news show is going! We're dumbing down the school!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"No, Jimmy, the school is already dumb. We're just giving them what they want."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,We're making the news more appealing to students.
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"This isn't the news! This a b-b-bastardized quest for ratings! Damnit, we have a journalistic responsibility to bring students the fa... the facts! [begins to walk around the table] Don't you see what we've done? In our efforts to compete with Craig's small-minded show, we've made a mockery of n-news reporting. I remember when we all made an oath to each other, way back when started playing news reporter, that we would never let anything jeopardize our integrity! Well our integrity is jeopardized! And if we can't report news the honest way, what good is n-news reporting? [Cartman then yawns loudly again]"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Mr. Meryl's office, Audio-Visual Department."
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Boys, first of all, I want to tell you how impressed I am with your ability to get more ratings. Your show beat Close-up Animals with a Wide Angle Lens by three viewers!"
Quest for Ratings,The boys,All right! Woohoo! Awesome! [the boys give each other hugs all around and shake hands]
Quest for Ratings,Stan,I knew we could do it!
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,We beat Close-up Animals!
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Oh man, this is so great! We, we worked so hard to be on top! Oh, oh come'ere you! [hugs Butters]"
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Yes, but unfortunately, you got crushed in the ratings by Craig's new show. [the boys continue cheering, then stop and look at Mr. Meryl]"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,Craig's new show?
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"All the students love it. It's an incredible idea called Close-up Animals With a Wide Angle Lens... Wearing Hats. Take a look. [clicks Play. The boys turn around to look at the monitor. The animals on display now are wearing hats, but it's the same show as before otherwise.] That Craig is a freakin' genius, I tell ya. He's like... an idea machine."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,Does... Does this mean we're still gonna get cancelled?
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"I'm afraid it's worse than that, boys. I'm gonna have to give you all F's in Extracurricular AV Class. You have to learn now how important ratings are!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,Hey wha-b-but we gave it our best.
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,Yes. [begins to rock in his seat] And I guess your best wasn't good enough. [shows them the door]
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,In the hall. Mr. Meryl closes the door behind them.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,[stunned] I don't believe it.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,I can't lose this extracurricular credit. I need it to pass fourth grade!
Quest for Ratings,Butters,Stupid news hair! [He removes his wig and kicks it away.]
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Fellas! Don't you see? This proves my point. We have to elevate our ideas up, not down."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Yeah, Jimmy's right. I know we can come up with way better ideas than Craig."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Yeah. To save our show, all we need to do is come up with the best idea for an episode ever!"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Student Conference Room 1-F. The kid reporters sit around trying to think of something, anything, but all there is is silence."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"What if we do a show where we- [stops] Uh, no."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"How about we have us, um... hmmm."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Come on, doesn't anybody have any show ideas?"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Well, how about we get panda bears and we have them dance around with us?"
Quest for Ratings,Token,We did that!
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Wow, coming up with ideas is... hard."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Look, you guys, if Craig can do it, we can do it! Come on! [time passes. Stan begins to pace the floor again] How about we do... a show... with us... ughhh."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,Uhhh. What if the-?
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Wait, I've got it. [the boys turn and look at him] Crab people."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,Crab people?
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"They're like half crab, half people, and they live below the ground."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"[looks at Cartman, then gets annoyed] Dude, I think we can do a little better than crab people."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"I know! We should read the funnies! [hops off his chair and goes to a table, on which sits the Sunday Funnies] I always get good ideas from the funnies."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[his face buried in his hands] Butters, only gay little dweebs read the funnies!"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Yeah! I read 'em all the time! Uh here's one: the uh, snail tripped over a hurdle, and the other snail says ""Well that's gonna add another hour to his time."" [laughs] Yeah! You guys! [gets no reaction from the other boys] Heh."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"How about we do a show where we kill Butters? [time marches on and the boys get sleepy, except for Butters]"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"[still reading the funnies, giggles, then laughs] So Dagwood says ""Good, guh-good thing we're playin' ...uh the back nine at your house."" [laughs heartily]"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"We're hopelessly stuck, completely out of ideas."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,We have crab people. Just sayin'.
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,Wait! You know what we should do? We should all take a bunch of cough medicine!
Quest for Ratings,Token,Cough medicine?
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,That's what the sixth graders do behind the school at recess. They take way too much cough medicine because they say it makes them see things in their heads.
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"South Park Pharmacy, later. The boys are at the cold and flu medicine aisle."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Gee whiz, there sure is a lot of 'em."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,How do we know which one to use?
Quest for Ratings,Stan,
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,That sounds perfect.
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,B-b-bingo!
Quest for Ratings,Pharmacist,Can I help you boys?
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Uh, yeah, we need to come up with some ideas and inspiration, so we're gonna drink a bunch of cough medicine."
Quest for Ratings,Pharmacist,"Whoa, boys! That's not what you need to come up with ideas."
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,It's not?
Quest for Ratings,Pharmacist,No! What you want is Calminex PM. [grabs a similar bottle to the first one and hands it to Kyle] It has the dexatrimfan in it that causes hallucinations in large doses.
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Oh, okay."
Quest for Ratings,Pharmacist,"Now, if it's more of a lucid, speedy kind of high you're looking for, I do also carry the Daytab Cold and Flu. Then there's the maximum-strength Cortitussin Cough and Cold, but of course, that's only if you really want to trip balls."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Wha-what do you think, fellas?"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,I guess we'll just take all of 'em.
Quest for Ratings,Pharmacist,"That's the spirit! All right, boys, I'll just need your parents' permission. [the boys look at each other] Kidding! I'm just pulling your legs. Come on over to the register. [goes to the register. The boys follow and see Herbert Garrison and Mr. Slave waiting for the pharmacist]"
Quest for Ratings,Herbert Garrison,"Oh, looks like somebody else is doin' a little partyin' tonight."
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Slave,"Oh, Jesus Christ"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,Woo. We aren't havin' a party.
Quest for Ratings,Herbert Garrison,"Oh yeah, sure, you're just buyin' that for your bad coughs, right? [fakes a bad cough and nudges Mr. Slave] Us too. [coughs]"
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Slave,[coughs] Jesus. [coughs]
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,Student Conference Room 1-F. Butters and Jimmy sit at a sofa. Jimmy has set his crutches aside and is now drinking the cough syrup.
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"[handing out a few things] All right, now everybody take a tablet and a pencil. [Stan, Token, and Cartman are on the floor] and when all the ideas start coming, just write 'em down. We might not remember everything otherwise."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"[Jimmy hands him a bottle] Oh boy, I can't wait to be creative and smart. [chugs down the cough syrup] Eww, it's all thick and g-gooey."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,[taps at his notepad several times with a pencil] Huh. I don't have any ideas yet.
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Stan? [Stan's eyes have glazed over and he looks stupefied. From Stan's point of view, the whole world changes. Kyle now has a wolf head with yellow eyes.] Dude, Stan, you all right?"
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,[appears as a yellow figure with multi-colored polka dots all over his body] I think maybe he's f-feeling it.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[appears as a blob with echoing voice] Stan, are you getting good ideas?"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Whoa... [stretches out his left hand] I'm feeling kind of bowling-ballish, fellas."
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Stan begins his head trip. He sees a tunnel with yellow light, then a flash of plasma, then an animated Mandelbrot design, then a prize-winning dog on a pedestal. A bell sounds. Next, a tunnel with blue light, which ends up at a performance of some sort, a time-lapse shot of rolling clouds, another Mandelbrot animation, a running shot of a meadow, then a wide-angle view of the boys."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[with altered voice] Stan? Stan, come on. We're gonna go find a frog. [smiles, turns around and walks away]"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Stan then sees time-lapse footage of a ride through a city, then blooming flowers, then time-lapse footage of the reporters walking around the valley, then some weird graphics, then Cartman in degraded colors. Cartman and Kyle speak to him in weird altered voices."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Oh dude, I just got the best idea!"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,[with modulated voice] Me too! [they quickly write their ideas down in their notepads]
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Stan then sees an imploding building, then some dancing African women, an explosion in another building, a zoom-pan shot of an African dancer. Next he sees himself and the boys on a sidewalk in downtown."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"Hey! Let's run naked through the street! [Butters rips off his clothes, except for his wig and runs away happily. Kyle, Token, and Cartman stand around with goofy grins on their faces doing nothing.]"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Student Conference Room 1-F, later on. Token and Jimmy are in armchairs, Stan stayed on the floor, Kyle, Butters, and Cartman are on the sofa. Butters is in his underwear. All of them are groggy."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"Dude, this TV show is awesome."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,It's... it's the greatest show of all time.
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"I could watch this for days. [They are unknowingly watching Craig's show, Close-up Animals With a Wide Angle Lens Wearing Hats]"
Quest for Ratings,The boys,[without enthusiasm] Cuuute. Super cuuute.
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Student Conference Room 1-F, next morning. The boys are now asleep. Butters is still in his underwear with his head on Kyle's lap. Stan, sleeping on the floor, wakes up and looks around."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"You guys. You guys, wake up! [the boys are roused]"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,Ah!
Quest for Ratings,Butters,Huh?
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Butters, get away from me!"
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"[looks down at his body] Oh J-Jesus, where are my clothes?!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,We took a bunch of cough medicine to come up with ideas for our show. I didn't come up with anything.
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"I-I did. I wrote something down. [reaches down and gets his tablet] Here it is! Uh, squiggly line, circle. [shows the drawing to the other boys]"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,I wrote down... all the lyrics to the Happy Days theme song.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"You guys, we watched Craig's show all night long."
Quest for Ratings,Token,[still groggy] Yeah. It was great.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"No, but don't you see? We didn't think it was great before. I think I understand now. [strokes his chin] I think I know why Craig's show gets such great ratings! Half the school is high on cough medicine!"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Jesus, you may be right."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Fellas, this is our chance! Everyone get your hair looking as fantastic as possible. It's time for us to do the most incredible investigative news report of our journalistic lives!"
Quest for Ratings,Announcer,"This is closed-circuit television for South Park Elementary School. And now, [sudden change of tone and flashy graphics follow] a Sexy Action News Team Special Report: Cough Medicine Abuse in School! [the boys are shown in their news reporter attire and they strike serious poses. Cartman takes off his glasses.] With the Sexy Action School News Team! [a shot of a coffin being lowered into its plot] It's the report you can't afford to miss! [a skull and crossbones appear and a scream is heard. The picture itself takes on a blue hue] And now here is Rick Cartman!"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[camera pans down to him] They call it cough syrup, cough medicine, cold and flu remedy. But behind closed doors at South Park Elementary it also has a street name. Coochie, wombat juice, tigger yum yum. Hello, I'm Rick Cartman. Today, the Sexy Action School News Team takes you inside the dark and lonely world... of cough medicine abuse."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"[voice over] They're doing it in the hallways! [a shot of Tweek downing some cough syrup, then jumping in surprise with his iconic yelp and running away] Behind the school! [a shot of the Goth kids downing cough medicine]"
Quest for Ratings,Pete,"Hey, get out of here, you fuckin' dork!"
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"Even in the girls' bathroom! [a shot of Bebe and Red in the restroom viewed through an air vent. Bebe takes a sip from a bottle of cough medicine, gives it to Red to sip, then notices something in the air vent]"
Quest for Ratings,Bebe,[approaches the sink under the vent] Is somebody in there?! I'll tell on you!
Quest for Ratings,Stan,[a shot of Jimmy and Principal Victoria looking at the report] We showed the shocking footage to the principal!
Quest for Ratings,Principal Victoria,Oh my goodness!
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"P- Principal Victoria, can you explain how your administration fai-failed to see this p-p-pro-o-o... p-p-problem."
Quest for Ratings,Principal Victoria,Well I... we...
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"[steps into view in front of Cartman, who has his arms crossed] So where are students getting all this cough medicine?? [Cartman uncrosses his arms and puts his fists on his hips. Kyle puts his hands behind his back] This surveillance footage shows a group of troubled kids getting all the smack they want from a pharmacist! [it's the footage from their own visit to the pharmacist for the medicine] Sexy Action School News reported the pharmacist to the South Park police, and he was immediately arrested! [a shot of the pharmacist being escorted out of the store and into a cruiser. Officer Barbrady takes part in the arrest]"
Quest for Ratings,Token,"The cough companies claim they don't intend for their product to be used by kids to get high! But one look at the packaging tells otherwise. [brings out the first package] Theradryl DM. For kids. [brings out the next package] Dexa Cough, children's formula."
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"And now, for a quick celebrity check, here's Butters Stotch."
Quest for Ratings,Butters,"[from the front of the school] Still no celebrities, Eric. Uh, I'll keep my eyes open."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"The cough medicine problem used to also run rampant in neighboring Middle Park Elementary. But they took action: riddled their entire town of cough medicine, and what we see now is a happier school, 100% cough medicine-free. [a shot of the hallways from the entrance. All the kids are coughing and walking around. Some of them sneeze]"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Mr. Meryl's office, later."
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Boys, I want to congratulate you on what is perhaps the finest piece of student television I've ever seen. Not only did you get all the students and myself off of couch medicine, but you got a 22 in the ratings!"
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,Twenty-two people?! All right!
Quest for Ratings,Craig,"[enters and moves past the other boys] You wanted to see me, Mr. Meryl?"
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"Oh yes, Craig. It appears that the ratings for your show are down significantly."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,"[knowingly] Gee, what a coincidence."
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,I wonder... oo-oo.. w-why?
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,"You need to know how important ratings are, Craig, so, I'm going to suspend you from school and request that you have your testicles removed surgically. [Craig's jaw drops.]"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,"[gleefully] Haha! In your face, Craig!"
Quest for Ratings,Mr. Meryl,You boys are approved for twenty-seven new shows. I want you to come up with an even better idea than the cough medicine story. Get to it!
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"Student Conference Room 1-F, later on. The boys are seated at the table once again, sitting in silence."
Quest for Ratings,Stan,Nobody has any ideas?
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,This sucks. I don't wanna keep havin' to come up with ideas for shows all the time. It hurts my head. [Token and Kyle sit across from him with no ideas either]
Quest for Ratings,Kyle,"Dude, bail?"
Quest for Ratings,Cartman,...I think bail.
Quest for Ratings,Stan,...Bail. [everyone leaves the table]
Quest for Ratings,Jimmy,"Yep, b-b-b-bail. [the room is empty as the door closes off-camera.]"
Quest for Ratings,Scene Description,"The last scenes are that of ""Close-up Animals With a Wide Angle Lens Wearing Hats"""
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. Inside, a crowd awaits a special event. A small stage with ""PARIS"" written on it in large letters is set up before a red curtain. Wendy and Bebe arrive and make their way to the front."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Come on, Wendy, we're gonna miss it!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,We're gonna miss what?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,Paris Hilton is making an appearance at the mall!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,Who's Paris Hilton?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"""Who's Paris Hilton?"""
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,You don't know?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Store owner,"[someone takes a picture as he approaches the mic.] Hello, everyone! The Guess Clothing Company is pleased to have as its new spokesperson model, a woman all you young ones can look up to, Ms. Paris Hilton. [she appears and flashbulbs go off amid squeals from females in the crowd. She then lifts her bra and shows off her breasts]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Wow, that's really her! Paris! Over here!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,I don't get it. What's she do?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,She's super-rich!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,...But what does she do?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,She's totally spoiled and snobby.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,[annoyed] What does she do?!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Man,[walks by and overhears] She's a whore. [takes his camera and snaps a few pictures]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"[her left eyelid hangs heavy] Hey everyone. Sorry if I'm a little spent. I did a whole lot of partying last night with a LOT of different guys. [coughs semen onto her left fist] Anyway, I'm pleased to be here in Gouth Dark to announce the opening of my brand new store! A store where girls can buy everything they need to be just like me! Stupid Spoiled Whore! [the red curtain drops to reveal the store. The crowd cheers] Have fun, girls. And remember to party, and be super-lame to everybody. G'Bye! [steps aside and off-stage. An assistant awaits with water and a tote bag, which has a Chihuahua in it. She holds out a bottle of water] Give me that! Fucking Christ I need a drink! [vomits out feces, then drinks from the bottle. The assistant arms her with the tote bag] Where's my dog?! [walks off]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Stupid Spoiled Whore, inside. The girls rush in as the doors open and begin to mill around. Bebe leads Red, Annie, and Wendy around. Wendy's still stunned."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Wow, look at all this great stuff. Stupid Spoiled Whore clothes, Stupid Spoiled Whore dolls."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"[walks up to a display case] Hey, check it out: the new Paris Hilton perfume, Skanque. [grins and holds a heart-shaped bottle with the name on it]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Announcer,Skanque.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"[carrying some clothes] Oh yeah, let's get lots of that!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"You guys, don't buy this stuff! Why do you want to be like Paris Hilton?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"It's not just Paris: Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Tara Reid, they're all stupid spoiled whores!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,But the idea that we'll be whorish for money is belittling to our gender!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"[now with two armloads of clothes] Wendy, get a clue. The only thing more important than being rich is being famous!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Wow, you really sound like a dumb brat, Bebe."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Thanks, Annie! [She, Annie, and Red walk away, and Wendy remains stunned]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, parking lot. Paris's chauffeur holds the limousine door open for her."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"[quickly arrives and enters the limo] God, get me out of this hick town! What a bunch of rednecks! [the driver closes the door, starts up the limo, and drives off. Inside, she picks up her Chihuahua and starts talking to it, caressing it] Everybody's so fucking lame. Except for you, my little Tinkerbell. You love my vewy much, don't you? How much you wuv me? I'm gonna dress you up like a bunny, and then I'm gonna dress you up like a little princess. You're mine forever! [her cellphone rings and she answers it, releasing Tinkerbell.] Whatever! Oh, hey, Kasey. Oh, another stupid store opening at some lame cowboy town. [Tinkerbell jumps down from the seat and walks away dejected] Oh, it's so fucking stupid, this whole town stinks like cows. [Tinkerbell is up on the divider and looks down] I can't wait to get out of here! Grody!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,Tinkerbell drops down onto the front seat
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"They have the lamest stores, too. [... walks over to the driver and digs around his right coat pocket ...] I'm gonna go to Rome for the weekend, I think. I dunno, Rome or Tokyo, either way it'll be totally boring. [... and digs out a small gun from the pocket.] Stupid. [coughs some semen onto her left hand] Hagh. [Tinkerbell carries the gun back to the back seat...] I need to get wasted. I haven't had a drink in like fourteen minutes. Why is everybody so stupid anyway? [... and sets the gun down long enough to put the barrel against its chin. Tinkerbell then tries to set the gun off with her right hind leg. That doesn't work, so she stands the gun up on its butt and tries again] I flashed all these hicks with my boobs; you should've seen the look on their faces! Stupid redneck idiots!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"The gun goes off and Tinkerbell falls over, her brain and blood splattering on the seat's back and rear window."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chauffeur,Oh dear...
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,Another dog killed itself!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,A house. Two girls sit at a dining table doing nothing. Wendy enters and addresses them.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"Hey, Jessie [the blonde], Hey, Kal. Do you guys mind if I hang out with you? The other girls are acting really strange."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Jessie,"Sure, Wendy. We were just trying to think of something to do."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"Oh, well, you wanna maybe go to the art museum?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Jessie,"Nah, that sounds really dull."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kal,"Hey, I know! Let's make a videotape of us having sex with boys! [Jessie likes the idea]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,What?!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kal,"I just got [brings out a box] the Stupid Spoiled Whore video playset! [the set comes from Letcher Price and ""Makes you a whore and so much more!""]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Singers,Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kal,You can make videos that get out on the Internet!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Jessie,Yeah! [Kal puts on some makeup as Jessie looks on]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Singers,Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset! Show the whole world what a slut you are!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Announcer,"Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset comes with video camera, night-vision filter, play money, cellphone, and sixteen hits of ecstasy. [nine hits are shown] [The playset box is shown again, then Kal is shown on the cellphone]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Singers,"Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset! Let everyone see your coo-ooch! [The playset box is shown again, then Kal is shown on the cellphone]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kal,I'm pretending to be calling my friends on the cellphone while my man waits for more sex!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Jessie,"You're a Stupid Spoiled Whore. [Wendy just turns right and walks away.] Where are you goin', Wendy?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,The limousine. Paris is crying over the loss of Tinkerbell.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,Bwaaaaaaa! Waaaaaaaaaaa!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chauffeur,"All right, Ms. Hilton, we'll find you another dog."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,[throws a tantrum] Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chauffeur,"There there now, let's just get you back home, shall we?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Woooooooooohooooooooooooooohoooooooooooooooo... [notices something outside] Wait! Wait, stop the car! [the limo proceeds] Stop the car, you fucking moron! [the limo stops] Look at how cuuute. I want that! I want that!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"[playing with some apples on a checkerboard blanket on the front lawn] Loo loo loo, I've got some apples, Loo loo loo, you've got some too."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,It's adorable! [exits the limo and closes the door]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Loo loo loo, let's make some applesauce, take off our clothes and loo loo loo!  [Paris approaches him]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Look at his wittle puff ball! [Butters is surprised] I'm gonna feed you, and take care of you, and call you Mr. Biggles! [kneels down and hugs him]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,My name's Butters.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Driver, put Mr. Biggles in the car. [the driver appears] I want to find a bear costume for him. Won't he be soo cute dressed up as a bear?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chauffeur,"Paris, I believe this is somebody's child."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,I want it!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chauffeur,I don't think you can actually-
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,I want it! I want it! [rocks back and forth]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chauffeur,"All right, all right, come on- come on, young man."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Wa-I'm sorry, ma'am. I'd like to be your boyfriend and all, uh, even though you have kind of a big nose, but my parents told me, ""never get into a car with a stranger."""
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Well, did they say anything about limousines? [Butters thinks about it. An image of his parents appears]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Butters, never get into a car with a stranger. Unless it's a limousine."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Yeah, actually, they did say that'd be all right."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"[happily] Get in the limo, Mr. Biggles! We're gonna have a bear costume made for you!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Wendy's house, night. Her parents are watching TV and munching on chips on the sofa. She enters with her head down."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Announcer,"And now, back to The Price is Right! [Wendy sighs]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,"Hi, sweetie. What's the matter?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"Mom, Dad, I'm growing concerned about the role models young women have in today's society."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,Oh?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"It seems that lewdness and shallowness are being exalted, while intellectualism is looked down upon."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,...Gosh.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"I think young women are being marketed to by corrupt, moral-less corporations."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,"Well, get right on fixing that, sweetie. Wanna watch The Price is Right? [Wendy doesn't answer. Instead, she turns away and walks off slowly, and her parents go back to eating chips]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"[spins around and walks back] Dad, there's a new store at the mall called ""Stupid Spoiled Whore"" and I'm gonna go there and buy a thong!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,"[suddenly angered] What?! No daughter of mine is going to dress like a whore! We're marching down to that store right now, young lady!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Stupid Spoiled Whore, moments later. Wendy and her dad enter the store. He looks around."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,"Oh my God! Well, this place is-! Oh my God! [approaches a line of girls and their mothers.] Mrs. Faulk, you're buying this stuff for your daughter?!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mrs. Faulk,"[giggles] It's what's in right now. I, I can't have my little girl be the only one not in a trend; she'll be unpopular."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,Unpopular?! If she's not a whore?! [Bebe and her mom now pay attention] But these are our girls!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mrs. Stevens,"I think it's empowering for them. I mean, sure, if a man wants to be a whore, it's normal, but if a woman wants to be one, it's wrong. [the other females murmur in agreement]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Woman 1,"Yeah, when a man pees standing up, it's normal, but when a woman does it, it's weird."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Females,Yeah! Right!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Woman 2,"Yeah, like, when men shave their balls it's fine, but when a woman does it she's straaange."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Females,Yeah! Right! It isn't fair!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Teen girl 1,"All the girls in South Park are gonna be total sluts from now on, so you can just get used to it."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Teen girl 2,"[rubs her ass up against Mr. Testaburger] Yeah. Will you buy me that purse I want over there? I'll do anything, 'cause I'm a whore."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,"[more amenable now] Oh, uh, sure I can buy a purse."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,Dad!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Testaburger,"Nope. Wendy, I think they're right. You see, you have to believe in the rights of women. For too long they've had to live a double standard. [enjoying the affection] Oh yeah. I'm sorry I've been so chauvinistic, Wendy. From now on, you can have whatever you want from this store, I'll help make you the stupidest, most spoiled whore of them all!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Females,Hooray!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, day."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Butters, will you mind telling us why you're dressed up like a bear?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"[dressed in a bear cub outfit] Oh, well, uh, my sort-of-girlfriend dressed me up like this."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,Your girlfriend?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"[enters the scene] There you are, Mr. Biggles! [picks Butters up and hugs him] Aw, I thought I'd lost you! [caresses him] Promise you'll never leave me. [his parents are stunned]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,"Butters? You're dating Paris Hilton? You are grounded, mister!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,I'm sorry.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"[turns his wife around] Uh, sweetheart, isn't Paris Hilton worth a lot of money?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,"Chris, she's more than twice Butters' age."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Yes, and more than three billion times his net worth. Everybody adores that girl, darling. We should be nice to her too, especially if she's in love with our son! [they turn around]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,"Uh, Paris, would you like to have some cocoa with us? [Paris coughs some semen onto her left hand and rubs it against the rug]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,With schnapps and Scotch. [coughs some more semen onto her hand]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"The dining table. The four persons are seated around it drinking cocoa, with Paris having a bottle of Scotch alongside the cocoa."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"So, Paris, I understand you're from the prestigious Hilton family. Very nice hotels."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"I've gotta get outta here. This place is stupid. Where am I? Oh, I wanna take Mr. Biggles with me."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,[stunned again] With you where?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"To live with me forever and ever, you dumb broad. How much?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,How much? For Butters?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,Butters is our son. He's not for sale.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,I'll give you two hundred million dollars for it. [Butters is afraid. Chris spits out his cocoa and puts down his cup]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,Excuse me?!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,I said I'll give you two hundred million dollars for it! [Chris spits out his cocoa. Linda does so as well. Paris whips out a checkbook and pen] I'll write you a check for Mr. Biggles right now.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,"Chris, is she serious?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Ah, Butters, why don't you take Paris up to your room for a little while, uh, Mommy and Daddy have to talk."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"[while Paris writes out a check] Mom, Dad, I-I love you. Please don't sell me to Paris Hilton."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Butters, right now!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"The living room, moments later. Chris paces the floor as Linda watches on."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,We aren't honestly considering this?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Darling, Paris is a billionaire. She can give Butters everything he wants. We'd be terrible parents not to consider it."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,But he's our son!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"I know, darling, but look: we have to think about the rest of the family."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,The rest of the f- you do mean us?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Yes, us, the rest of the family."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Upstairs, in Butters' room. The bed looks nice. Paris is now drunk from the Scotch she added to her cocoa."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"What should we do, Mr. Biggles? I drank too much. [falls backward upon the bad] Oh my God, I'm so wasted! [her genitals are exposed] The room's all spinny. I'm... totally passing out. [she falls silent. Butters looks around, then reaches over with his left hand and touches her vagina a few times]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. The class bell rings and kids clear the hall. Cartman is at his locker, and near him stand five girls. Wendy walks up to them."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"Hey, Bebe. I heard you were having a party tonight."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"You wouldn't be interested, Wendy. My parents are out of town, so it's a Stupid Spoiled Whore party."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,I'm a stupid spoiled whore. [her dress is relaxed: blue jeans and turquoise tank top with one strap over the right shoulder. The girls laugh at her reply]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Right. Please, Wendy, you're like Class President and stuff!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"Yeah, and you get straight A's in school!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"You're not even spoiled, because your parents give money to charity!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"You don't want to go to this party, Wendy! We're inviting all the boys, and we're gonna play Spin the Bottle, and Two Minutes In The Closet, and do ketamine."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,That's okay.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Oh, please, do you even know what ketamine is?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,Yes.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,See? You are too smart.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,Yeah. We have no idea what ketamine is.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,Sorry Wendy. You're just not a whore. Get lost!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Girls,"Yeah. [Wendy turns around and walks off sadly. The others laugh at her, then move on to other topics]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"Hey, we'd better start inviting boys to the party."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Sally Turner,"Oooo, look, here comes Clyde."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Party at my house tonight, Clyde. You're invited. [Clyde walks by, wondering what these girls are on about]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Millie,"Mmm, I'd like a piece of that!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,I wanna do him.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Oh, yeah. Here comes Kyle. [Cartman, still at his locker, looks over. Kyle passes by]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Sally,"Mmm, talk to me, kosher boy. [Cartman turns around to see what the girls see]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Millie,I'd like to twizel his pixie stick.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Party at my house tonight, Kyle."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,Tweek and Jason - that'd be a great three-way. [Tweek and Jason walk by]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"Yeah, they're invited too."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Sally,"Jason has a huge bulge. You're gonna get it, boys."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,Now here's what I'm talking about. [Token appears and walks by] A little midnight blue!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Millie,"Yeah, I'd like to wax his crankshaft!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Be at Bebe's house, tonight, at seven! [Cartman clears his throat, closes his locker, and walks past the girls. Not one of them says a thing.]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Sally,"Look, here comes Kevin. [Kevin appears and walks by]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Hey Kevin, party at my house."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Millie,I'd like to gargle his marbles.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"Yeah, you said it. [Cartman runs back along the hall in such a way that the girls don't notice]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Sally,"See you there, Kev. [Cartman tries again, and the girls notice.]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Cartman,"""Dude, there's Cartman. We should invite him to the party for sure."" [the girls say nothing. Cartman stops, gets angry, and walks back to the first girl he saw, then flips each one of them off. He flips Red off with both hands.] Fuck you Millie, fuck you Annie, fuck you Bebe, fuck you whatever your name is, and fuck you, bitch! [leaves.]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Butters' room. He's gotten interested in Paris' genitals, poking at them."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Huh. Didn't I... Whoa, that's the darnedest thing I ever saw. [upon hearing a knock on the door, he gasps and stops probing Paris]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Ms. Hilton? Uh, Ms. Hilton."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,[awakens and sits up] Eugh. Where am I? Ew! This room's all middle-class and small!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Ms. Hilton, we've talked it over all night and... while your offer is enticing, I'm afraid we just can't sell you our son for two hundred million dollars. [Butters smiles] It'll have to be two hundred and fifty million, cash, up front."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,Oh hamburgers!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Yay! Mr. Biggles, you're mine forever!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"[jumps off the bed and runs to Linda] Please! Ah I don't want to live with her! She snores real bad, and she has a huge nose, and a squishy thing that lives in her pants! Please! Please don't sell me to her! [the parents look at each other]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"All right, Butters, tell you what: if you can raise the two hundred and fifty million dollars yourself, you can stay."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Uh, well huh, how am I supposed to make that kind of money??"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"It's called ""working"" young man! Your grandfather was a coal miner for fifty years; he never complained! Get out there and start digging!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,Y-yes sir! [rushes out of the room] I-I gotta... mine some coal... really fast!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"[to Linda] That should keep him busy for a while while we get this transaction finished. Now, Ms. Hilton, how should we start? [they both grin]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Bebe's house, night. The living room is all decked out in disco furnishings. A disco ball hangs from the ceiling and harmless laser beams shoot here and there. The girls are enjoying themselves while the boys have mixed expressions."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Millie,"[stands next to the closet while a crowd of girls looks on] Okay, that's two minutes. You can come out, Clyde, Bab. [the door opens and Bab comes out grinning] How was he, Bab?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bab,"[winks at Clyde] We had a great time, didn't we Clyde?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Clyde,"[walks out crying with his hands rubbing his butt] Aaaaah, owieeee, owieeee. [a knock is heard at the front door and Red goes to answer it.]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Cartman,"[dressed very casually, with hair slightly unkempt] Oh, hey, What's goin' on? I'm uh, here for the party."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,[not fooled] Yeah? Who invited you?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Cartman,"Oh, uh-uh Kelly. Kelly invited me."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,Kelly who?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Cartman,Kelly Rutherfordmenskin.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,[looks over her shoulder and calls out] Kelly Rutherfordmenskin?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kelly Rutherfordmenskin,[approaches the door] Yeah?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,Did you invite him?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kelly Menskin,No! [goes back inside. Red closes the door on Cartman]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Cartman,"Oh wait, wait, wait, aah it wasn't her. That's right, I forgot, it was uh... Kelly Pinkertonstinfurter?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,[turns around and calls out] Kelly Pinkertonstinfurter?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kelly Pinkertonstinfurter,[sharing a wading pool with Token and Heidi] What? [Red glares at Cartman]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Cartman,"[under his breath] Oh, Goddammit!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Herbert Garrison's house, night. The doorbell rings and he goes to answer it. It's raining outside and thunderclaps roll soft and deep."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,"Oh, hello Wendy. Are you all right?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"No, I need help."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,F-from from me?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"Actually, I was hoping to see your boyfriend."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,"Well sure, come on in. Mr. Slave is right over here. [the camera follows them over to Mr. Slave, who's dangling from the ceiling like a marionette. He's moaning in pleasure]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Oooooooooooh! Oh Jesus, Jesus Christ!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,"Mr. Slave, little Wendy from class wants to see you."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Oh, Hi Wendy. You need a little help with your math homework?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"No, I need help becoming a dirty whore like you"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,"...Oh dear. Mr. Slave, I think you and Wendy better have a little talk. I'll make some cocoa."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"The sofa, moments later. Wendy and Mr. Slave sit side by side."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"Mr. Slave, you're the most perverted, lewd, depraved slut I know."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,Thank you sweetie.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,Can you teach me your secret fast?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Honey, I didn't work to become a whore, I was born a whore. I've been one... ever since I can remember. [a shot of the toddler Slave crawling around on a bed] Ever since I was a little boy I seemed to enjoy... different things."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Little Slave,"Mommy, I think I have a fever. Can you take my temperature? [his mom approaches and sticks a thermometer up his butt] Oooo, Jesus Christ. [grins]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"As I got older, I felt that one boy was never enough."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Boy slave,"[sees a football practice and fakes a call] Hey, there's that queer kid. Let's tackle him! [holds out his arms and waits for the tackle]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Kid,"Hey yeah, tackle the queer kid! [the players gang up on him. He seems to love the punishment] We'll show you, queer!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Boy slave,Oooooooooooh! Oooooooooooh! Jesus Christ!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"So you see, I can't make you into a whore, Wendy. But why would you want to be one anyway?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,Because all the other girls are. They're having a huge sex party right now and I'm not invited.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"A what?! For God's sake, where?!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Butters' house, outside. Butters is at the side of the house shoveling dirt from a mound."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,You work eighteen hours and what do you get? Parents sell ya to Paris Hilton.  [a blue car pulls up alongside and stops]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Man,"Look at that. A bear, mining for coal."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Woman,"Huh, I never. [the car moves on. Butters' parents, Paris, and her driver approach him]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Well, Butters, how'd it go? Did you dig up two hundred million dollars' worth of coal?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Well, no, not quite."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"Oh, well, too bad. [shows off the check] Ms. Hilton did raise the money, so you'll be going off with her."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"[throws away his shovel] Ah, shucks! [moments later he follows Paris into the limo]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Linda,"Bye, sweetie, we love you!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Inside the limo, Paris gets her camera and aims"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,Smile Mr. Biggles! This time I have to get a picture of my new pet before anything happens. [snaps a picture]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Before what happens? [gets no answer, so looks around and sees her ""MY PETS"" photo album. He picks it up and leafs through it]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"The shots are gruesome. First up is Tinkerbell, with the gun and blood splattered all over the place; then Patches, a French poodle that hung itself, shown dangling from the noose; then Scrambles, a cat that somehow managed to slit its front paws, lying in a bathtub full of water and blood; then Cuddles, a dog that committed harakiri."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! [throws the book away, gets out of the limo as fast as he can and runs away.]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"[exits the limo] Mr. Biggles! Mr. Biggles, come back! [Butters' parents approach] You'd better help me find him! No Mr. Biggles, no money! [takes away the check]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Chris,"Oh that trouble making son of ours! Butters! Butters, you get back here or you are grounded, mister!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Bebe's house, night. The party is still going strong. One Kelly, who had earlier been with Token, is chasing Kyle. Another Kelly chases Kevin. Red is coming on to Stan. Annie chases Kenny down and catches him. In general, the guys are being chased down by the girls. A girl with dark hair chases Craig, and is about to catch him. Annie talks to Kenny. Millie chases Tweek. Bebe chases Blue Cap. Mr. Slave kicks the front door open and enters with Wendy. Cartman appears behind then and enters."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Oh Jesus! [turns on the light] Kids, kids!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Ew, party foul!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,Shut off the light.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stan,"Oh, thank God."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Girls, what on earth are you doing?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,We're being stupid spoiled whores. [grins]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,[rushes in] H-help! You've gotta hide me! [opens the closet door and enters] Don't tell her I'm in here! [closes the door]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"What did you do, Wendy?! Go rat on us because you're not invited to our Paris Hilton party?!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Okay, I think this has all gone far enough! Now look, the last person you want to be like is Paris Hilton!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,[approaches the house and enters] Mr. Biggles!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"[unaware] Paris Hilton is a nobody! She may have money, but she's a thoughtless, talentless lowlife!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,Who the fuck are you calling a lowlife?!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Wow, Paris Hilton is at my party! I rule!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,"[bolts out of the closet] HAAAAH! [Bab looks out from the closet, grinning]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Hon, will you just tell these girls that being a whore isn't such a great thing."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,What isn't great about it? What's more to life than partying?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Look girls, I've partied a lot. Okay? And I'm telling you, there's more to life."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"You don't even know what partying is, loser. [brushes him off]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Sweetie, really, don't go there, okay?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Oh I went there. I went there, took some pictures, and flew back already."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Girls,Ooooo!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Annie,"Wow, what a bitch. [smiles]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"Sweetie, listen, I know you've done some ""partying"" in your private little rich life, but you don't even wanna know the kind of stuff I've done. I'm the real whore, and I'm telling you, it isn't great."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,Oh yeah?! I challenge you to a whore-off!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Girls,Ooooo!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Men,[popping up out of nowhere] Whore-off! Whore-off!
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,South Park's Whore-off. A gazebo is set up for the event in South Park Square. A crowd gathers.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Official,"Ah, testing? Hello? [taps the mic a few times] Okay uh, welcome everyone. Uh, the South Park Chamber of Commerce is pleased to bring you the first annual ""Who Is The Biggest Whore"" showdown. [the crowd cheers]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,Mr. Slave has no idea what he's in for.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,Paris is gonna rock his world.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Official,"Ah, I'm... not quite sure how we... start this competition off, but uh-"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,[gets off her chair and walks over to the mic] I'll show ya how we start it off. [the music starts and she kisses him hard and grabbing his crotch]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Crowd,"Ohhh! [the girls are grinning, Wendy looks at the girls' reactions. Paris then has five men on stage with her, and one of them is licking her leg. Mr. Slave simply observes]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"[approaches Stan and friends, and Mr. Garrison] What is Mr. Slave doing? He-he's just sitting there."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,"Give him time, Wendy. Give him time. [cheers him on softly] Come on, Mr. Slave."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,[throws the men off] Back off! None of you losers are enough for me! [whips out a pineapple from behind her back and stuffs it up her vagina] Eeeaaagh. Oh yeah. Aaaargh. [some gasps] Tada! [the crowd cheers and fireworks go off]
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Randy,"Oh, no she di'int. [the crowd continues cheering]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Mr. Slave makes his move: he gets off his chair and walks over to Paris, then moves her around till he's satisfied she's where he wants her to be. The crowd falls silent and Mr. Slave walks back to his chair."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"[dusts himself off and coughs] Jesus. [takes off his pants and takes a running leap towards Paris. He lands on her head and proceeds to swallow her up through his ass, with each swallow accompanied by a grunt. The first swallow takes her head; the second, her chest; the third, her abdomen and lower back; and the fourth takes the rest of her body.] Ohoho, Jesus. [the girls are stunned at what they just saw. The adults, the boys, and Wendy all cheer]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Herbert Garrison,"Now, that's a whore! [Stan and friends are still stunned. Mr. Slave goes back to his chair and puts on his pants]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Wow, I guess Paris isn't such hot shit after all."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Slave,"People, don't applaud me. I'm a dirty whore. [the crowd falls silent] Being spoiled and stupid and whorish is supposed to be a bad thing, remember? Parents, if you don't teach your children that people like Paris Hilton are supposed to be despised, where are they gonna learn it?! You have to be the- [feels something in his stomach] ooohooho, Jesus Christ. You have to be the ones to make sure your daughters aren't looking up to the wrong people."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Mr. Stevens,"The homosexual is right. From now on, Bebe, you're going to dress like a little girl. [the crowd disperses and the girls walk up to Wendy]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Bebe,"Wendy, we're sorry we called you names. Like not-stupid and not-spoiled."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Red,"Yeah, and I didn't mean to say you weren't a whore."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Wendy,"That's okay, you guys. [Butters and his family are shown next]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,"So-so that's it? No two hundred million dollars? Well, Butters, I hope you're happy!"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Butters,[turns right and walks away] I'm a bad bear. I'm a very bad old bear.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Stephen,You're a grounded old bear.
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Scene Description,"Deep within Mr. Slave's intestine, Paris is trying to claw her way out."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,"Oh my God, it's so gross! Let me out of here! [a light comes on in front of her - it's the Frog King] What the fuck is that?"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Frog King,"Paris, you must find the way out of this place or you'll surely die."
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Paris,What?
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Frog King,"Make your way to the small intestine. There you will meet the Sparrow Prince, who can guide you to Catatafish. Now go, Paris Hilton. Make haste! [disappears]"
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset,Singers,"[End of Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset. Some singers sing the following song as Paris begins her journey] A great adventure is waiting for you ahead. Hurry onward Paris Hilton or you will soon be dead. The road ahead is filled with danger and fright But push onward, Paris Hilton, with all of your might. Paris Hilton... Paris Hilton, Paris Hilton Paris Hilton... Paris Hilton, Paris Hilton Paris Hilton... Paris Hilton, Paris Hilton Stupid whore!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Cartman's yard, side of the house, day. The fourth grade boys are gathered there for some reason."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Clyde,"I don't know, that looks pretty high up."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Butters,Yeah. I think it'd be better to start lower.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,"Dude, I really don't think it's smart, Cartman. [Cartman is shown at the edge of the roof wearing wings made from cardboard]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"This is gonna be totally cool, you guys."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,It's not gonna work; just come down from there.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"[assessing the situation] ...Jeez, this looks a lot higher from up here."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,[arrives in time to see Cartman's attempt] What's going on?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,Cartman thinks he can fly off of his roof. [Kyle looks up to see what the others see. Cartman looks down]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,Do it! Do it!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,I'm gonna!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Craig,I wouldn't if I were you.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Token,Those wings don't look very strong.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"Don't listen to 'em, Cartman! I'm sure it'll work. Go for it. Yaaay, Cartman! Fly, fly, fly!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Okay, here we go. [steps forward and gets ready to launch himself] Since the days of Copernicus, man has dreamed of flight. On this historic day, let us go on to-"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"Awww, go on and do it already!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Hold on, I'm givin' my speech! On this historic day, we remember the Wright Brothers: Orville and Redenbacher, whose dreams and visions inspired generations."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,[to Kenny] He's not gonna do it.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"And now, again, one man's vision ushers in a new era of aerial travel, proving the power of imagination and intellect. The magic... of flight! [he flaps his cardboard wings a few times to get some lift, then jumps off the roof. He heads straight for the ground and lands on his face with a grunt. All the boys are shocked and stand there frozen for several seconds. Stan is the first to leave, then Kyle, then the rest of them. Only Butters remains, and he turns to watch the others leave. After a few seconds of uncertainty, he leaves too.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Cartman is in a recovery room with bruises on his face and a black left eye. The medical staff attends him. Outside, Ms. Cartman appears and rushes in to see Cartman."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Oh my God! Eric! Eric, [caresses him] Mommy's here. Sweetie? [notices Dr. Doctor] Oh, what's wrong with him?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"I'm afraid that your son is... incredibly stupid. He thought he could fly with cardboard wings. The stupidity is so severe that it caused a fall, which has... put him into a deep coma."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Coma... My God, fo- for how long?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"There's no telling. He may never recover. We'll just have to wait. And see. [the camera looks at Cartman, then pans up and fades out]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass, some time later. The camera pans down back onto Cartman, who is now covered in facial hair and a bandage around his head."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Singers,"Seasons change, time passes by. As the weeks become the months become the years."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Eugh... [sits up, his eyes still closed.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,[stands up and drops her book] Oh my- Doctor! [Cartman blinks] He's awake! [the doctor and nurse return]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Wheh? Where am I?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Oh, you've finally come back! It's a miracle!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"You're at the hospital, Eric. You've been in a coma for some time."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Coma... How long?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"It's been two... days. Nurse, you can remove his face-warmer now."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Nurse,"Yes, Doctor. [tugs at the facial hair and it comes off.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"Now, Eric, you've suffered massive head trauma. Your road to recovery will be long and arduous. At least another two days. [a shot of the hospital's exterior, then back to the recovery room, where Liane is giving Cartman a glass of chocolate milk]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Singers,"Seasons change, time passes by. As the weeks become the months become the years."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"You're doing so much better, muffin."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Why the hell do I have to share my room with other patients?! This is bullcrap!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Oh, you're sounding just like your old self again."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"[at another patient's bed] I'm sorry, detectives, there was nothing we could do."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Damnit! Another murder victim! For three years the Left-Hand killer has been at large and I've exhausted every lead! Maybe... I just don't have what it takes to be a cop anymore.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"We'd better get back to the station, sir."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Good, because you assholes have kept me up for three hours!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"All right, let's go, Murphy. Hang on a second, where are, where are my car keys?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Probably in your front pocket, dumbass!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"[fishes around in the front shirt pocket and is surprised to find them there, then turns to the doctor] Doctor, didn't you say that kid suffered head trauma?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"Yes, it was pretty severe."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"What is it, Lou?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,I've... heard cases where people suffering head trauma awaken to some psychic abilities.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"Aw, come on, sir."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"I know it's ridiculous, [turns right and walks off] but I'm gonna explore every possibility I can! [Murphy follows. They arrive at Cartman's bed] Hello, young man, could we have a quick word with you?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Not now! The nurse is gonna walk in any minute with my lunch.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Nurse 2,"Twelve-thirty, Eric. Lunch time. [the officers are amazed at how timely the nurse came with the lunch]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Young man, how did you know the nurse was gonna walk in just now?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"I don't know, I just knew it. [receives the tray from the nurse and sniffs] Aww man, this smells like meatloaf. Again?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Nurse 2,"Yep, meatloaf again. [the officers get a little frightened]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"Jesus, how did he...?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Little boy... [whispers to himself] Well it's a snowball's chance in hell but... [back to Cartman] we were wondering if you could come down and see if your... new powers could help us catch the killer.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,His new... powers?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Stark's Pond, newly restored from the demolished Wall Mart, much bigger than it was before, night. A crime scene at the docks is shown, complete with boat floating around."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female Detective,"All right, make sure you get pictures of everything in this crime scene. [one officer takes pictures, another handles evidence gingerly. Nearby, a police tape is lifted so Cartman could check out the scene]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 1,Who's the kid?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 2,He's supposed to be some kind of psychic.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 1,"Aw, Christ!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"[with Murphy, Liane, and Cartman] This is... where the body was found. [overhead shot] Multiple stab wounds, just like all the others."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,How come the outline is missing its hand?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"The killer always cuts off the left hand of his victim, and keeps it as a trophy. [Cartman walks around the outline, inspecting it.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Stand back, give him room! [moves to hold the crowd back] Come on, kid, concentrate! What do you see in your mind?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Cartman begins to concentrate and his eyes begin to twitch. First he sees a cupcake with chocolate topping and sprinkles, then powdered doughnuts, then a cup of vanilla ice cream - with sprinkles being added."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Ice cream. Covered with... chocolate sprinkles... [he sees a hand holding Double-Stuff Oreo] Double-Stuff Oreos... [a second hand comes up and twists off the lower cookie] He ... He's taking the top of one and... [squeezes his eyes closed and sees another Oreo attached to the first one so there are two fillings between the cookies] ...and he puts it together to make Quadruple-Stuffs! [the detective writes down what Cartman is seeing] I see...ice cream, and sprinkles, and Quadruple-Stuffs!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Jesus Christ!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Sir?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Tom Johansen, the owner of the ice cream shop!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Tom Johansen's house, night. The detectives ring his doorbell and he answers."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Tom Johansen,"Yes? Oh, hello, detectives."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Mr. Johansen, could we have a quick word with you?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Tom Johansen,"Sure, come on in! [he backs up and leads them in. The lead detectives calls in some officers hidden nearby, and they come in] I'm afraid the house is a little bit of a disaster area since I have-"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Get him! [the officers tackle Tom Johansen and beat him harshly with their batons] Code 6! Code 6!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 3,"Use the taser! Use the taser! [another officer fires a taser into Tom Johansen, who then convulses and falls to the floor]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 4,"Do it again! [the officer shocks Tom Johansen again, causing more convulsions]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Tom Johansen's house outside, front. Police cars and vans have gathered outside and the siren lights are still rotating."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 3,"He put up a hell of a fight, but we got him!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Tom Johansen,Why?! Why?! [the officers haul him away]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Congratulations, Eric. You just stopped the biggest killer in South Park history."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"We would give you a reward, but I guess that knowing the people of South Park are safe again is reward enough."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Guess again.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"[walks over and hands him some money] All right, here's a hundred dollars."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Wow!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"[to Liane] His powers are uncanny. Take good care of him, Ms. Cartman. Make sure he uses his powers... for good."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Oh, he will. My little poopsiekins is a very good little boy."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school bell rings. Cartman runs down the hall."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,I'm a psychic and you are worse. I have super-awesome powers and you don't.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"[walks up. Other kids gather behind him] Cartman, what did you do?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Oh, didn't you hear, Kyle? I used my new psychic abilities to catch the serial killer. And I made a hundred bucks! [shows off the money]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,Nice old Mr. Johansen runs a candy shop! He wasn't a killer and you know it!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Then why did I see ice cream and cookies when I closed my eyes?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"Because you're a fucking fatass, that's why!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Do not doubt my powers, Kyle!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,You don't have any powers!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Don't make me do it, Kyle! I can make your head explode with a single thought!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Butters,"Wuh be careful, Kyle."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,He can't do crap!
