Fourth Grade,The Adults,Aww Oooo!
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"I'm going to teach these kids the wonders of the world, so that they can reach the top! [the others recoil at the sight of her nipples again] I hope that sometime very soon you will let me in on what happened to this Mr. Garrison! And with that I will bid you good day!"
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,"[trying to hide her stare] Wuh sure thing, fine, bye-bye then. [Ms. Choksondik exits and the other three breathe sighs of relief. Chef instinctively vomits, then covers his mouth.]"
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Ms. Choksondik's classroom, next day. The kids are all in their seats wearing goggles and the two nerds are with them"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"Alright, when we power up, the handicapped kid's chair will accelerate at a high rate of speed about 10 feet that way [towards the board], then make the required magnetic vibrations."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"If the fields are right, it should then create a wormhole up near the front of the classroom."
Fourth Grade,Wendy,"You guys don't actually think this is going to work, do you?"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"Now, eh, when you all see a wormhole, yuh-you guys are gonna have about 4.2 seconds to run through it."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"And on the other side you will find yourself in exactly the same spot, only one year ago."
Fourth Grade,Stan,Back in the third grade.
Fourth Grade,Kids,Cool/Wow.
Fourth Grade,Kyle,"I can't wait until the teacher yells at us this time, and we all tell her to suck our balls!"
Fourth Grade,Kids,Yeah!
Fourth Grade,Stan,Oh! Here she comes.
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"[enters] Alright, children, I hope you all did your homework last night. Please pass your papers up to the frontuh."
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"[hops up on his seat] Suck my balls!!! [no one else moves] Oh, God-damnit, you guys, I am so seriously-"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"[sternly] I said, pass your papers to the fronteh!"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"We didn't do our homework, Ms. Makesmesick! We didn't feel like it!"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,It's Choksondik! And you are all going to have detention!
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"Hahaa! Charade you are, teacher! I'm afraid we have different plans! Gentlemen? [a handheld controller with two thumb joysticks is activated. The two nerds get to work]"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,Primary fusion initiated.
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,Molecular grenadine active. [Timmy's chair starts to convulse]
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Aa-aa-ah!
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,What are you doing?!
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"We're going back in time to third grade! Goodbye, teacher! Perhaps we shall see you in another year! Hahaaa! [the wheelchair is launched and Timmy moves towards the chalkboard]"
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Timmaaaaaaaaah! [Ms. Choksondik steps aside as Timmy breaks through the wall and out into the snow] Timmaaaaaaaaah! [his voice trails off. The class is in shock. Ms. Choksondik turns and looks out the gaping hole as Timmy turns right and goes past a tree]
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,I didn't think it would work.
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,Me neither.
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Well, well, well! I'd say somebody has some explaining to do!"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,You're damn right they do!
Fourth Grade,Kyle,Dude! Timmy's chair is packed with all that stuff! We've gotta help him!
Fourth Grade,Stan,Yeah!
Fourth Grade,Kyle,Come on! [the other kids scramble out of their chairs and rush outside]
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Children! Children, come back here!"
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, the streets. Timmy is rolling down the street being passed by honking cars going this way and that. Timmy screams a frightened scream"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Timmy, you have to stop!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,No!
Fourth Grade,Stan,No??
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"Look, the system malfunctions if he stops. The nuclear core can bake his magnetic field and the whole chair will blow sky-high."
Fourth Grade,Kyle,What?! Timmy! You've got to get off that chair!
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,No!
Fourth Grade,Kyle,[with trembling voice] No??
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"We've rigged the chair to be sensitive to his weight. If he gets off, the whole thing blows!"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"So if Timmy drops his speed below five miles an hour the chair blow, and if he gets off, the chair blows?"
Fourth Grade,The Nerds,Yup.
Fourth Grade,Stan,My God!
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,NEWS 4 LIVE UPDATE
Fourth Grade,Anchor Tom,[Timmy is shown moving down the street screaming] It's been over three hours since the police first showed up on the scene of a handicapped boy's wheelchair set with explosives.
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, Tele's. The boys and the nerds rush to the video window to watch the report"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Over here, over here!"
Fourth Grade,Anchor Tom,"The child can't stop or get off the chair without risking explosion, and so the SWAT team will now attempt to disarm the device."
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, a street. Timmy reaches an open stretch of road"
Fourth Grade,Timmy,"[in distress] Timmi-hih-ih! [above him a helicopter appears, and a SWAT team member is lowered while keeping up with Timmy]"
Fourth Grade,SWAT Hansen,"Closer! [reaches Timmy] Don't worry, son. Just watch your speed and stay still! [both approach a pair of women waiting to hitch a ride going the other direction]"
Fourth Grade,Pilot,"Look out, Hansen!"
Fourth Grade,SWAT rescuer Hansen,"Oh! [flies into the blonde, knocking her away. Timmy ends up with the brunette on his chair]"
Fourth Grade,Brunette,Aaaah!
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Timmaaay!
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"[floats up to them again] Dear Jesus! Hang on, lady!"
Fourth Grade,Brunette,"Oh my God, what's going on?"
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"Ma'am, be very careful! That wheelchair is set to explode!"
Fourth Grade,Brunette,What?! [scrambles around Timmy] AAAH!! Omigod! Omigod!
Fourth Grade,Hansen,It's okay! Just stay calm and keep the speed above 5!
Fourth Grade,Brunette,[trying to hang on] O-kay. O-kay. Omigod.
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Tih-Timmah? [the woman sets the speed and locks it in a flash]
Fourth Grade,Brunette,Okay. I kept the speed at 5.
Fourth Grade,Hansen,Good! What's the wheelchair's battery power at?
Fourth Grade,Brunette,Oh my God! Less than 20 minutes!
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, Tele's. The boys react to the news"
Fourth Grade,Stan,Less than 20 minutes?!
Fourth Grade,Kyle,Oh no! What have we done?!
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Principal's office. Principal Victoria holds up an oversize bra for Chef's and Mr. Mackey's appraisal"
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,Whattaya think? Too forward? [the door opens and in enters...]
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,I HAVE HAD IT!!!
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,Waaah! [tosses the bra behind her seat]
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"These children are out of control! I must speak with their last year's teacher, Mr. Garrison! [again, the three other adults show fear...]"
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,"As we said before, that's impossible."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,What in God's name happened to him?
Fourth Grade,Chef,"Uuuh, Ms. Choksondik, Mr. Garrison had several uuh, eee-motional issues. He was a closet homosexual who hated gay people. Whenever someone asked him if he was gay, he'd go nuts."
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,And then he was accused of trying to solicit sex from a young boy.
Fourth Grade,Mr. Mackey,"After being dismissed from teaching, he went off to write romance novels. His first novel sold well and everything was fine until he found out that his novel won the gay Pulitzer Prize, and was considered the best homoerotic novel since Huckleberry Finn."
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,He finally snapped and had a nervous breakdown and... went up into the mountains to live in solitude.
Fourth Grade,Chef,"Some say that on cold nights you can still hear him moanin', ""I'm not gaaay! I'm not gaaay!"""
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,[barely audible in the distance. The adults strain to hear] Iii'mmm nnnooottt gggaaayyy!!!
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"And, nobody has found him?"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Mackey,"Well, we really haven't ll-looked."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,I see. [a kitten walks up to her] Then the only way I'll find the secret to teaching these kids is to go up into those mountains and find Mr. Garrison myself!
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,But he could be anywhere up high in those mountains.
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Oh, I'll find him! Even if I have to climb up [arms spread out and raised to chest level] and up [raised to ear level] and up!"
Fourth Grade,"Chef, Victoria, Mackey",NOOO!!
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,[lowers upraised arms] What?
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, a street. Timmy and the brunette are still on the open stretch of road"
Fourth Grade,Brunette,"Oh my God, Oh my God!"
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, a street. A field reporter is on the scene"
Fourth Grade,Field Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing about two miles outside of Denver where the darling handicapped boy fights for his life on a wheelchair of death. [camera pulls back to show the nerds next to the reporter, and the boys across the street] Guys, can you tell us what kind of explosive we're actually dealing with here."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"Uh, well, it's a simple hydrogen-fusion core with a veltig reactant-"
Fourth Grade,Timmy,"[while the blond nerd talks] Ah, please help!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,Which just turned into a time bomb.
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Please help.
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,This has never happened in all the 72 original Star Trek episodes.
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"Yah... wait, you mean 73 episodes."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"...No, there were 72."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,No there weren't!
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"[pushes his friend away] Oh, you are such a nerd! [they start slapping each other around]"
Fourth Grade,Field Reporter,"[camera zooms in] Tom, I understand that now, the rescuers are gonna try and send in one of the handicapped boy's little friends, in an attempt to keep him calm and hopefully, disarm the device."
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, a street. A SWAT truck full of rescuers passes Timmy and the brunette and slows down to wheelchair speed. Kenny is with them"
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"It's alright, everything's goin' tuh be fine."
Fourth Grade,Brunette,Oh my God!
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"[sets Kenny on a dolly and secures him] Alright, young man, when you get underneath that wheelchair, I want you to relay back to me with this walkie-talkie, and then I'll tell you which wires to cross. Ready?"
Fourth Grade,Kenny,"(Yes, sir!)"
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"Go below! [releases the winch. Kenny and the dolly make their way to Timmy, but they pass each other. Kenny keeps rolling down the road past Stan, Kyle, and Cartman]"
Fourth Grade,Kenny,"(Hi guys.) [keeps rolling until he trips over a manhole cover.] (Uh oh.) [the dolly lands on him] (Uff. I'm okay.) [the winch is suddenly yanked, and Kenny zips away] (I'm oKAAAYYYYYYY!!!) [the camera switches to Stan, Kyle, and Cartman looking in the direction of a terribly screechy sound. Soon, Kenny appears ripping up the road with his face, and he stops in front of them, dead]"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Well, who didn't see that coming?"
Fourth Grade,Brunette,[camera back on the wheelchair] Oh my God! Oh my God!
Fourth Grade,Hansen,Stay calm! You have to stay calm! [Timmy looks up at him]
Fourth Grade,Brunette,[in a panic] But if we got off the chair it blows up!
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"No no, that's only if the boy gets off."
Fourth Grade,Brunette,Oh. [hops off and stands up] See ya!
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Timmih! [Hansen starts to work on the chair]
Fourth Grade,Pilot,"Ten seconds, Hansen!"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"...nine, eight..."
Fourth Grade,Timmy,[looks down at Hansen] Please-a help me.
Fourth Grade,Pilot,"...six, five..."
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Please help me. Please help me.
Fourth Grade,Hansen,"Got it! I think! Up, up! [the helicopter rises and takes him up with it]"
Fourth Grade,Timmy,"[upset] Timmay! [with a burst of speed the wheelchair accelerates, then disappears in a flare. Nothing remains of him. The rescuer is back in the helicopter looking down at the event with other rescuers, and the boys are on the curb shocked. The nerds are stunned, and the TV shows the site of the disappearance without comment]"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"Hey, it did work. [the other nerd grins]"
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, a tall mountain not unlike the Matterhorn, next day. Ms. Choksondik scales it, and reaches a plateau. Several cats follow her up. She sees a cave and approaches it, then enters"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Hello-oo-ooo. [walks further in with a lit flashlight] Oh, what am I doing? I'm gonna get myself killed. [calls out] Is anyone here? [the beam falls on Mr. Garrison, now hunched over against a wall and with a full beard. Mr. Hat has a matching beard. Garrison hisses at her] Mister? Mr. Garrison?"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,Who-? Who are you? What do you want?
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,I am the new fourth grade teacher. I've come to... seek your help. [Garrison hisses at her again] Please. I don't know how to handle the new fourth graders. I've tried everything. I need to know how you taught them.
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"[hiding from the light] No! No, I... haven't... taught in over... eight... months. [the cats try to get at Ms. Choksondik's]"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Mr. Garrison, you knew how to reach these kids! You're my only hope!"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"Do you know what it is to be a teacher, Ms....?"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,Choksondik.
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,No I don't! [rushes up to her] IT'S A LIE! You see? That's what you get for bein' a teacher! You work and you work for the children and then people start rumors that you're gay even though you love poontang!
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Mr. Garrison, these children are depending on me to give them a future. I can't do it without your guidance. Please! Help me, for them! For the future of our children!"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,...Two hundred bucks.
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,...Done.
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"The basement of the two college guys, after school. The boys show up again. Much of the stuff that was in the basement is gone. Soon, it is shown that the second nerd has moved out"
Fourth Grade,Stan,Dude! You gotta build us another time machine!
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,Huh? Oh... Can't.
Fourth Grade,Kyle,"What do you mean, ""can't""?! You made it work; just build us another one!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"I can't, because pizza-face isn't here! We're not on speaking terms! We got in a big fight and he moved all his stuff out!"
Fourth Grade,Stan,W-what did you get in a fight about?
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,There's 73 original Star Treks! He keeps saying there's 72!
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Oh, Jesus Christ! You've got to be kidding me!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,No! He actually thinks there's 72.!
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"Look, dude, can't you just build us another machine without him?"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"No. Pizza-face took all his equipment home to his mom's. Now, if you can go over there and get him to admit that he's wrong..."
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Alright, come on, guys. [the boys exit the basement and head up the stairs] Man, I can't believe we have to do this while Timmy's already back in time!"
Fourth Grade,Kyle,Yeah! Timmy's probably back in third grade right now living it up!
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,A tropical forest. Dinosaurs roam this land. A pteranodon flies overhead as a triceratops chases Timmy
Fourth Grade,Timmy,Timmah! Timmaaaaahhh!
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, the ""Matterhorn,"" the plateau outside Garrison's cave. Mr. Garrison walks around Ms. Choksondik as she balances three books on each hand and one on her head while standing on only her left foot."
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, let's try it again."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"""Children, we are now going to do math problems."""
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"""But teacher, I don't want to do my math problems."""
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"""Uuh! Ah, you will do them or else you'll be in very big trouble!"""
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"""Well, I'm not gong' to do it, teacher! You can just suck my balls!"""
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"""Don't use that kind of language, young man!"""
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,NOOO![Ms. Choksondik drops the books in terror]
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,[drops the books in terror] No??
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"Look, you can't counter a profane command with an idle threat! You must extinguish it with a vulgar suggestion! When a child says, ""Suck my balls,"" you say, ""Present them."""
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,Oh.
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"Now, let's try it again. [gathers the books up and repositions them on Ms. Choksondik's hands and head, then stands to her left. She resumes balancing on her left foot and concentrates.] SUCK MY BALLS!"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,Pre-sent them?
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"[softens] Good. [Ms. Choksondik relaxes a bit and opens her eyes] Very good. [with authority] You're ready to move on to the next level. But I warn you: we will now be diving deep into your own psyche. These children know what scares you, and so we, too, must face those demons."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,I'm ready. I'm not afraid.
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"[ominously, gruffly] You will be! You will be! [coughs] You will be."
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, a house. Eight boys approach it: Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Butters, Kevin, Token, Tweek, and Clyde. Stan knocks"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"God-damnit, this is ridiculous."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,[opens the door angrily] What?!
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Dude, can you please just stop fighting with your friend and build another machine so we can travel back in time to the third grade?"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"Look! There aren't 73 episodes of Star Trek, there are 72! ""The Menagerie"" was a 2-parter that counts as one episode! Pizza-face is wrong!"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,Who the hell cares?!
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,I know! Why does he have to be such a dick about it?!
Fourth Grade,Kyle,Wouldn't it be better to just agree with him and forget the whole thing?
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"No, because he's WRONG!"
Fourth Grade,Kyle,"Look. You guys built a machine together that can bend time. If you'll just agree with him, you can build another one and usher in a whole new era of science!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,And live in a world of 72 original Star Treks? I don't think so! I don't want to live in that world. [slams the door shut]
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"God, these guys are such geek dumbasses!"
Fourth Grade,Stan,I know.
Fourth Grade,Butters,"Yeh-hah. They don't even realize that ""The Menagerie"" originally was the pilot and later got split up into two episodes, eh ha ha. Ha ha. [pauses to see if anyone responds] Hahahaha, eh the, eh the dumbasses."
Fourth Grade,Stan,Wait a minute! I've got it. [knocks again]
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,[opens the door angrily] What?!
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Dude, if you guys build another time machine, you can travel back in time and ask the creator of Star Trek how many episodes there were!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,"[thinks for a moment] Dude, Jesus, you're right."
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, the ""Matterhorn."" Mr. Garrison takes Ms. Choksondik to a gnarled, giant willow tree on a mountainside forest"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,This is it: The Tree of Insight. You must go in and face what lives inside.
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,What lives inside?
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,Hell if I know. I wouldn't go in there.
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Oh, alrighty. [enters the base of the tree and through the hewn hallway, then sees a light at the other end.] What the? Why there's nothing in here but an exit to the other side! [peers through it, then pulls back] There's nothing in here at all. ...Oh, and I actually thought my mental demons would be in here. [thinks for a moment] Wait a minute. Maybe there's not supposed to be anything in here. Maybe I'm supposed to see that I alone do have the strength to reach the kids! [clenches her fists] I think I get it now! [walks out the other end]"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"[bides his time and sighs] Hey, hurry up in there! [under his breath] Jesus. [knocks on the tree entrance] You're taking too long in the damn Tree of Insight! [looks at the entrance, then looks in] You in there?! [enters the hallway himself] Hey, where the hell did she go? [a few more steps, and rumbling begins] What the? [the entrance closes and a mirror Garrison, clean-shaven, appears. The unkempt Garrison shivers] Haaa! Who? Who are you?"
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,[surely] I am you. [approaches the unkempt Garrison] I am your gay side.
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,"My gay side, uh- I DON'T HAVE A GAY SIDE!!!"
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,You must face me at last. [the two of them just stare at each other]
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park, the ""Matterhorn,"" moments later..."
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,You aren't real! You can't be!
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,"It is me, your darkest fear. Your gay self, incarnate."
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,What do you want?
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,"I want you to not fight me anymore. To accept me, once and for all."
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,Why?
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,"Don't you see? [approached the unkempt one] All these years, your pain, your confusion, it comes from one place. Your denial of who you are. [his voice softens] Of who... we are."
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,But I'm not gay! Everyone just thinks I am!
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,"Oh, stop it! What about the time you looked at Counselor Mackey's penis in the men's locker room?!"
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,I was just comparing size!
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,For seven minutes?!
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,Aaa! [turns away in despair]
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,And what about the time you masturbated to the men's 100-meter swimming relay at the Olympics?!
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,I was beating off to the chicks!
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,THERE WERE NO CHICKS!
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,"OH, DAMN YOU SPIRIT! HAUNT ME NO LONGER!"
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,ADMIT IT!
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,NO!!!
Fourth Grade,Clean Garrison,YOU HAVE TO STOP LYING TO YOURSELF AND GET A G-
Fourth Grade,Unkempt Garrison,"ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT, I ADMIT IT! I'M GAY!!! [camera zooms in as Garrison comes to terms with this admission] I'm...gay. I'm gay! [rises] I am gay! You hear that everyone? [goes towards the exit] I'm gay! I'm gay! I'm gay and it... [gets emotional] and it feels good."
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Ms. Choksondik's classroom, a few days later. Where the chalkboard used to be are just some boards hastily put up, along with a DO NOT CROSS line and three safety cones to guard this makeshift board."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, children, I hope you all did your- [the class once again has goggles on and the two nerds are back together in the back of the class ready to activate another machine --- a microwave oven with a duck tied to it.] Oowhat is going on now?! [three kittens run up and frolic near her breasts]"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"Haha, Teacher, we're traveling back in time to third grade!-God-damnit you guys, you seriously said this time you'd snap into it with me."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"[cups her ears] Oh Good Gravy, not this again."
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"Yes! We've had a new time machine built: this one out of a simple microwave oven and a duck [the contraption is shown and the duck quacks.] Au revoir, teacher! Perhaps we shall see you in the past, hahaa. Gentlemen? [the nerds activate their controllers]"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Children, I will have order!!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,I can't wait for Gene Roddenberry to tell you how WRONG you are! Just like when you said there were no two-parters of Battlestar Galactica!
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,There WEREN'T!
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"The episode called ""Gonzo on Ice Planet Zero"" was a two-parter."
Fourth Grade,Nerd #2,No it WASN'T!
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Oh, son of a bitch!"
Fourth Grade,Nerd #1,"I'll kill you! [the nerds start slapping each other again. Nerd #2 throws his controller at Nerd #1, and the controller hits the floor. The microwave is activated and soon blows up along with the bird, leaving behind a portal]"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"There it is! Come on, everybody! [the kids move towards the portal]"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Children, get back into your seats!"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"No way, lady!"
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Eric, I mean it!"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,You can suck my balls!
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"[strikes a meditative pose as the camera does some vertigo, then] Present them. [everyone stops what they're doing and looks at her. Nerd #2 was about to strike Nerd #1 with a desk.]"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,...What?
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"You said, ""suck my balls."" Well, go ahead. Whip 'em out, and I'll suck 'em."
Fourth Grade,Stan,[softly] Thah... That's what Mr. Garrison would've said.
Fourth Grade,Cartman,"Touché, teacher. Touché."
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Now, children, listen to me. Why do you want to go back in time? Life isn't about going back, it's about going forward. Yes, there are times in our life that we wish we could relive, but, if we already lived them perfectly, why live them again? The adventure of life is that there's always something new. New challenges, new experiences. A fun game is a game that gets harder as it goes. So it is with life. Do you understand?"
Fourth Grade,Stan,Dude. Sh-she's right.
Fourth Grade,Kyle,"Yeah. And you know, now that I think about it, third grade wasn't all that great, either."
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Yeah. Third grade sucked! Cartman, why the hell did you try to make us think third grad was so great?!"
Fourth Grade,Kyle,"Yeah! You suck, Cartman! [the kids return to their seats, leaving Cartman alone]"
Fourth Grade,Cartman,What??
Fourth Grade,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, students, that will be quite enough! If you're ready, let's continue on... with the fourth grade. [as she turns to write her name on the makeshift board, a noise is heard]"
Fourth Grade,Timmy,AAAAAAA! [reappears covered in items from every time period in history]
Fourth Grade,Kyle,"Hey, Timmy's back!"
Fourth Grade,Stan,"Dude, it looks like he's been all over time! He must have such cool stuff to tell us."
Fourth Grade,Timmy,"[shifts a bit here and there] Eh, Timmih."
Fourth Grade,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Principal's office. Chef talks with Mr. Mackey and Principal Victoria"
Fourth Grade,Chef,"You know I'm always here to help, Principal Victoria. [the door opens]"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"[skips in happily] Ey, guess what everybody?! I'M GAY!!! [the other three look]"
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,Mr. Garrison?
Fourth Grade,Mr. Mackey,What?
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,I'm as gay as a gymnast on shore leave!
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,You admit it? You admit it! [the three of them gather around him smiling]
Fourth Grade,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, that's great, Mr. Garrison. You've finally come to terms with yourself!"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"[fairly bouncing with joy] Yeah, it feels really good!"
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,"Well, congratulations!"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, congratulations!"
Fourth Grade,Mr. Garrison,"You know, I, I feel like I can start anew. If it's alright with you, I'd like to go back to teaching the third grade!"
Fourth Grade,Principal Victoria,"Oh. I'm sorry, we don't hire gay people. [silence, then Chef, Mr. Mackey, and Principal Victoria laugh as Mr. Garrison stews]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Bus Stop. Stan and Kenny wait patiently. Kyle and Ike walk up. Ike is dressed in a little business suit and his hair is combed
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Dude, what's your little brother doing here?"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Ike is starting his first day of kindergarten.
Trapper Keeper,Stan,But isn't he only three years old?
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Yeah, but he's some kind of genius, so he's getting advanced placement in kindergarten."
Trapper Keeper,Ike,I pooped my pants.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"[moves Ike aside and shows his folder] But dude, check out my new Trapper Keeper. [opens it up and displays the inside] It has five different compartments for each subject in school, [closes it and shows off the covers] and it's all covered with pictures from Dawson's Creek."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cool!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[walks up with his own folder] Hey, dudes. Check out my sweet Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Ultra Keeper Futura 2000. [slight pause. Kyle reacts] Yeah, well, [opens his up] it's got ten different compartments for every subject in school, an electronic pencil sharpener, four plastic bags with electronic zippers, copy machine, fax, a better picture of Dawson's Creek on the back than Kyle's, [opens it up again] flat-screen TV, and of course, OnStar."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Wow, cool!"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Goddammit, Cartman! You only got that because you knew my mom would buy it for me!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, but you have a Trapper Keepe-- Oh, you got the little Crapper Keeper, didn't you? Well, at least your stupid brother got a briefcase."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,He's going to kindergarten because he's a genius!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,He's not a genius; he's a little douchebag.
Trapper Keeper,Ike,I pooped my pants!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"He's smarter than you, fat boy! I don't even know how you made it into fourth grade! I thought--"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Trapper Keeper, I need to drown out my annoying friend. Please initiate music, country, high volume. [soft music plays and Cartman starts to dance]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Nobody gives a crap about your Trapper Keeper, Cartman! [music continues, and the bus rolls up]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"School bus. The boys take their seats. Cartman and Kenny sit behind Kyle, Stan, and Ike. Stan, Kyle and Kenny notice a disheveled man on the other side of the bus"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Ms. Crabtree, there's another creepy homeless guy on the bus."
Trapper Keeper,Ms. Crabtree,Sit down and shut up!!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,But they smell like pee.
Trapper Keeper,Man,[in European accent] I am not a homeless person. I am a new fourth-grade student.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,You are?
Trapper Keeper,Man,Yes! My name is Bill. Bill Cosby.
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Aren't you a little old to be in grade school?
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"I was held back ten human grades. [grimaces and grunts] I mean, grades. Do you companion-friends know Eric Cartman?"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Yeah, that's me."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,Eric Cartman? And you have a Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Futura S 2000?
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Yeahhh, you already know about it?"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Yes. Yes, I do."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Well... [mocking] ""Nobody gives a crap about your Trapper Keeper, Cartman!"""
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I'm gonna shove that thing up your ass!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Dude, do you really care if Cartman has something that's better than yours?"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"No, I don't! I don't care!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[stick the notebook out] Here, Kyle. [Bill stares at Cartman's Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten room. The room appears festive, the wall adorned with a beaming sun with rays coming from it, rolling hills with trees here and there. The kids enter and take their places at the round table. Two miffed boys stand by the door as Ike enters the room"
Trapper Keeper,Boy #1,"Hey, there he is. That's the kid that's s'posed to be some kind of genius."
Trapper Keeper,Boy #2,"Yeah, he's only three and he's already in kindergarten."
Trapper Keeper,Boy #1*,"Come on. [The two boys walk up to Ike and sit on the chairs on either side of him] So, you think you're smarter than the rest of us? Do you think you know more about the world just because you are only 3 and we're 5?"
Trapper Keeper,Ike,Unkoo baba.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[enters the room] Okay, children, let's take our seats. [closes the door and approaches the table] My name is Mr. Garrison, and I'm the new kindergarten teacher. I used to be the third grade teacher, but I had a little [wags the index and ring finger of each hand] ""nervous breakdown"" and went into the mountains where I lived off of ""rat carcasses"". [a view of some of the kids' reactions] But I'm all better now, and the school was nice enough to let me go on teaching, as long as it was for kindergarten. [a view of other kids' reactions] But it's not a demotion. No. I mean, just because a teacher was teaching third grade and now is teaching kindergarten, that's not a demotion, is it? [the kids look confused] No, that's right, it's not. Well, let's start with roll call. Uh, let's see. Filmore Anderson?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore*,Here.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Sally Bands?
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Here.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Ike Broflovski?
Trapper Keeper,Ike,Cookie Monster.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Broflovski, I had your older brother Kyle in my third-grade class. He's a very smart kid. I'm sure you are, too. [Fillmore and his friend glare at Ike] Well that's bad news for everybody else, because I will be grading you all on a curve. [Ike looks at Filmore and friend and starts to sink in his seat]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, fourth grade room. The class is present, along with ""Bill Cosby"" Cartman elaborates on the wonderful attributes of his Trapper Keeper"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,And so the other thing that makes my Trapper Keeper cooler than Kyle's is that it can add any peripheral device to itself automatically. [Kyle glares at him with arms crossed.] I can take something as simple as this calculator [a Wellington Bear model] and... Trapper Keeper?
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,[its TV screen turns on] Trapper Keeper active.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Hybrid with Wellington Bear calculator.
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Ready for hybrid. [Two cables reach out and grab the calculator and pull it into a ready slot. Cartman closes the Trapper Keeper]
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"And now it can use Wellington Bear calculator, too."
Trapper Keeper,Kids,Wow.
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[reaches over Cartman's shoulder] May I hold your Trapper Keeper?
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Uh, n-no, I'm afraid not, Bill Cosby, because it is coded to the prints on my fingers. [wiggles them outstretched] If anybody but me tries to hold it, big metal spikes come out and pierce through their hands."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Oh, you are so full of crap, Cartman! Metal spikes will not come out!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh really? [hands the folder over to Kyle] Then, why don't you hold it? [Kyle looks at it in Cartman's outstretched hand.] Well, go on, Kyle. If it doesn't have metal spikes, then hold it. [inches closer and whispers] Hold it."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I'm gonna!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[inches closer and whispers] Hold it.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I will!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten room. Mr. Garrison is telling his life story to the kids"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"And that's how the relationship with my father sort of ended. There's still some sort of skeletons in the closet, but things between us are a little better. [some of the kids are stunned. Garrison starts writing on the board] Okay, children, well now it's time for us to elect a class president, [writes up ""KINDERGARTEN CLASS PRESIDENT"" on the chalkboard and underlines it] so first we must pick nominees. [turns and faces the class] Who would like to nominate someone?"
Trapper Keeper,Boy #2,"I nominate Filmore, because he's the smartest kid in the class."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, Filmore. [writes the name on the board] You'll be our first nominee. And who else? [a girl raises her hand] Yes, Jenny."
Trapper Keeper,Jenny,I gotta go doodie.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"In a minute, Jenny. Who else wants to nominate a class president? [the kids stay quiet] Oh, come on! You can't have an election with just one person running! What's the fun in that? Ike? How about you? You're a genius."
Trapper Keeper,Ike,[looks at an angry Fillmore and friend] No.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, our second nominee is Ike the genius. [writes the name up on the board. Filmore and friend stare at a chagrined Ike] Okay, children, now we'll hear briefly from each nominee. Filmore, why don't you go first?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"[leaves his seat, approaches the board, and faces the class] If I'm elected class president, I'll call for big ol' chairs. And on Fridays, I'll add two minutes to nap time. Thank you. [returns to his seat]"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Very enthralling. Okay, Ike? How about you?"
Trapper Keeper,Ike,"[leaves his seat, approaches the board, and faces the class] Cookie Monster. Ice."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"...Well, this is gonna be a tough one, kids."
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground. The four boys stand around the tetherball pole while two kids in front of them toss a football, two girls walk by behind them, another kid climbs the jungle gym, and another rocks on a hobby elephant"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Oh, no, dude, here comes that weird new kid."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Ahhh, hello Eric. Can I be your human friend? [winces] I mean, friend?"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"I don't know, dude. I'm not supposed to have any male friends that are over 30. I kind of screwed on that once."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Please. We can have fun and play games, like human four square-- [coughs up] I mean, four square."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Dude, you can't just ask to be somebody's friend and be their friend; it doesn't work that way. If you want to be my friend, you'll have to pay me."
Trapper Keeper,Bil,"Oh, I see. Alright, I'll pay 100 geliga stones-- Uh, I mean, human dollars! Eugh, I mean dollars!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Okay, that's cool."
Trapper Keeper,Bil,[holds up the tetherball] Can we play some human tetherball?
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"A-alright. Pretty sweet, you guys, getting a hundred bucks to play tetherball with some-- [by this time, ""Bill"" has pulled away from the pole and Cartman, and has the tether taut and ready to release]"
Trapper Keeper,Bil,"Serve! [whips the ball at Cartman, knocking him onto his back. The Trapper Keeper falls away and lands next to Kenny. ""Bill"" makes his move]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Ugh..! [""Bill"" goes after the Trapper Keeper and runs away with it]"
Trapper Keeper,Bil,Got it!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Ey!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Dude! He's running off with your Trapper Keeper! [just then, spikes come out of the Trapper Keeper and some of them go clear through ""Bill's"" hands.]"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[stops and looks at his pierced hands] Waa-agggh! [clenches his teeth and continues running]
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"You son of a bitch! [recalls something] Wait a minute. [whips out a small gadget and activates it] Lucky for me, I have my Trapper Keeper homing device. [walks towards the source of the sound heard in the device and away from his friends]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,[confused] What the hell just happened?
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,[angry] Damn! I thought fourth grade was gonna be different.
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Kindergarten. Mr. Garrison tallies up the votes so far on the board..."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"So that's six votes for Filmore and six votes for Ike. [sets the chalk down and reads the last ballot] And the last vote is for... Uh, let's see. Flora, I can't tell who you voted for. [Flora, a timid, pretty blond girl trying to bury her face into her laps, which are raised up on the chair, is shown] You've got the winning vote, Flora. Who d'you pick?"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,I don't know... [smiles and looks down and away]
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Flora, you have to pick one. Filmore or Ike?"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,"Um, I vote for... I don't know."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, great! Flora's undecided! Well, you're just gonna have to sit there, Flora, and think about it until you come up with an answer."
Trapper Keeper,Flora,Okay.
Trapper Keeper,Boy #,"Flora, just say you vote for Filmore so we can all go home."
Trapper Keeper,Flora,Um...
Trapper Keeper,Sally,No! You want Ike to be president.
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,We're gonna be here all night! Why don't you guys just concede?
Trapper Keeper,Two kids,Yeah!
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Why don't you just concede?
Trapper Keeper,Other kids,Yeah! [the kids start to argue]
Trapper Keeper,Some Kids,Filmore!
Trapper Keeper,Other Kids,Ike!
Trapper Keeper,Girl,I want Ike to be president! [several kids from Filmore's side rush across the table to kids on Ike's side]
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, for Christ's sakes, you're all acting like a bunch o' kids!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A police car zooms down the street. Officer Barbrady flies down the road in the police cruiser with Cartman in the passenger seat and Stan, Kyle, and Kenny in the back seat. Cartman has the Trapper Tracker Keeper in his hand and is following the Trapper Keeper's signal on the Tracker's screen"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Turn left here! We're getting close! Get your gun ready!
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Eric, I'm not gonna shoot anybody for taking your school folder."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[grabs Barbrady's ] It was not a school folder, it was a Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper Futura S 2000! And if-- [spots ""Bill""] There he is!"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[turns to see the cruiser coming his way] Wagh!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Got ya! [grabs the steering wheel from Barbrady]
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Hey! [Cartman steers the cruiser into a building, crushing ""Bill"" and rattling the building]"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,"Gaagghhh! [crumples to the floor. Barbrady and the others exit the car and gather at Bill. His left arm has been amputated, revealing functioning wires. The lower half holding the Trapper Keeper in hand. Barbrady and the boys stare in shock]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Whoa, dude..!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,End of act one. Time: 7:50
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"same time, later..."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Ahh, try to take my Trapper Keeper, will you?"
Trapper Keeper,Bill,Please. You do not understand.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[takes his place] Book him, Barbrady. Another job well done."
Trapper Keeper,Bill,[plaintive] That Trapper Keeper has to be destroyed!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Why are you so obsessed with Cartman's Trapper Keeper, Bill Cosby?"
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,Bill Cosby?
Trapper Keeper,Bill,Nooo! Listen to me! I am not really Bill Cosby. [the boys and Barbrady show shock] My name is BSM-471. I am a cyborg engineered by humans from the year 2034.
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Well, I knew you weren't Bill Cosby!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I have come to destroy that Trapper Keeper, because it was the Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper that belongs to an Eric Cartman in South Park which three years from now manifests itself into an omnipotent super being, and destroys all of humanity. In the year 2004, a hybrid-assimilating computer linked with a satellite uplink computer. From there it was able to slowly take over every computer in the world. [cables reach out from the Trapper Keeper and engulf two computers. The process continues engulfing all of the US] It became stronger and stronger, until by the year 2018 it broke away from mankind [skulls litter the landscape] and there was nothing the humans could do. [in the distance a Dawson's Creek Trapper Keeper tower rises] It wasn't long before Mighty Trapper Keeper started to destroy everything it saw as useless, including humans. [people are shot left and right from the Trapper Keeper's weapons] The nations tried everything to stop it. [troops line up and fire at the Trapper Keeper] Nuclear devices, seismic missiles. But nothing worked. [robotic tanks come into view, firing away at the Trapper Keeper] The humans built robots of their own, whole armies of them. [DC TK209s approach the advancing armies and fire at them] But nothing was strong enough to stop Trapper Keeper. [the battle scene fades, and BSM-471 is shown once again on the ground] And so finally, the humans decided to send one of their robots into the past to destroy the Trapper Keeper before it even got started."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Wow, that's amazing."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Man, I guess sometimes we let our technology and stuff grow too fast."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"What do you think, Officer Barbrady?"
Trapper Keeper,Barbrady,"Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't listening."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"And so, Eric. Now you see why we must destroy your Trapper Keeper."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[long pause] You guys. Did I mention that it has a pencil sharpener and a crayon sharpener?
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Cartman, it takes over the world and destroy all of humanity!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"What would you guys have me do, huh?! Walk around with just a plain old Trapper Keeper like Kyle's?! Is that what you want?!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Yes!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Aw, damnit! [throws his Trapper Keeper to the ground] Here! Take it! You want my heart as well?! You'll find it on the bottom of your shoes! [walks off to his left sadly]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The class is looking at Flora. Mr. Garrison sits on a chair looking bored"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,I decided.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[jumps up] Oh, thank God, Flora! [gets ready to write] Alright, who do you vote for?"
Trapper Keeper,Flora,Umm... Ike.
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,Yay!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[adds the tally to Ike's total] Okay, so then the total is six for Filmore and now seven votes for Ike. Ike is the new class president."
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,We want a recount.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,[miffed] What?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore's Supporters,Recount! Recount! Recount! Recount!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, of all the juvenile things I've ever heard! You lost, Filmore! Don't be such a baby! [Filmore cries and throws a tantrum, pounding away on the classroom table] Alright, alright, I'll count up the ballots again. Okay, we had one vote for Filmore... [writes Filmore's name on the board. A time lapse shows him writing on a crowded board now] ...And this time, I again get six votes for Filmore and seven votes for Ike."
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,Count them again.
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,Yeah!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"No, children! I've recounted 106 times now and I keep coming up with seven to six! Except in the one instance where it came out seven to five, and one where it came out twelve to fourteen. It's over! Ike is class president!"
Trapper Keeper,Kid #2,"Wait, there's still that absent kid."
Trapper Keeper,Fillmore,"Yeah. If Carlos is absent, we have to wait for his vote."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, will you grow up?!"
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,[clamoring] Absent kids count! Absent kids count! Absent kids count!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Jesus..! Alright, we'll wait for tomorrow so the absent kid can cast his vote. Now go home! [the kids leave]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway, next day."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Good morning, humans."
Trapper Keeper,Stan/Kyle,"Hey, Bill Cosby."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I have successfully destroyed Eric Cartman's Trapper Keeper. I broke it apart, dipped the motherboards in acid, burned the memory chips, and sent the wiring to the four corners of Canada."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,That should do it.
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"So what are you going to do with your crappy robot life now, Bill Cosby?"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Well, that is a problem that is causing me some disconcernment. I am still here, but I shouldn't be here. If Trapper Keeper has been stopped, then I should not exist. But here I am. Something is still not right."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[walks up with another Trapper Keeper] Hey, dudes."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cartman! You still got a Trapper Keeper!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Yeah, I'm a genius! Last night I went home and told my mom that I lost the last one. Then I cried and I cried, and finally she felt so bad that she took me to the store and bought me a new one! [holds it up high] So everything worked out."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,[frightened] Oh no!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Cartman, you dumbass! You can't get a new one!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Why the hell not?!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Because if your Trapper Keeper takes over the world, then maybe it was this Trapper Keeper and not the one before!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Wait... so then you guys burned my last one for no reason!
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,We will have to destroy this Trapper Keeper.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[holds his Trapper Keeper close] But I don't think I can get my mom to buy me another one.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Don't you get it?! You can't have any Trapper Keepers, fat ass!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, that is bullcrap! And you know what I think? I think this whole thing is a setup! That's right! Kyle got this guy to say that he's a robot from the future just because he's jealous of my Trapper Keeper! And you know what else? Screw you guys. I'm going home. [moves off to his left]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cartman!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Ech! Screw you guys. Home. [walks away]
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Well, that does it! [pull out a pocket phaser from his overcoat and aims it at Cartman]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Hey! What are you doing?
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I'm afraid I have no other choice. [pulls the phaser back] For the sake of humanity, I have to kill him."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Oh... Okay.
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Yeah, that's fine. [""Bill"" aims the phaser once again] No, wait!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,What?
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Can I do it?
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Oh, well, I suppose. [tosses the phaser to Stan]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"[takes it and quickly aims] Sweet! Kiss your ass goodbye, fat boy!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"Wait! [grabs it back] Perhaps there is another way. If you could take me to where Eric Cartman lives, I could try reasoning with his human mother."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Well, yeah, or we could just kill him."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Yeah, that'd be faster."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,He's right there.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"I'm afraid I can't. I think I'm actually starting to feel what you humons call ""compassion"". It is an amazing feeling!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan/Kyle/ Kenny,Awww..!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. Mr. Garrison stands before the class and begins to speak"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Alright children, as you know, we've been waiting for the absent kid's ballot to come in. Well, his mother was nice enough to bring him in from the hospital so that he could cast his vote. Ms. Harris? [she walks in with a little boy attached to IV bag on a pole. The kid hands him the ballot and coughs out an organ] Thank you very much, Billy. Don't forget to pick up your lung. [Billy starts to walk away, then stops to pick it up] Alright, the absent kid's ballot is for... [reads] Filmore."
Trapper Keeper,Supporters,Yay./Hooray. [Mr. Garrison adds Billy's vote to Filmore's tally]
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Wait one minute!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, Jesus tap-dancing Christ."
Trapper Keeper,Sally,I think the ballot were misleading. Some kids didn't understand whom they were voting for.
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,There's a box next to Filmore's name and a box next to Ike's! What's not to understand?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"[pointing at Sally] You're just saying that, 'cause you know you're gonna lose now."
Trapper Keeper,Sally,"No, I'm saying that because you are a boogerface!"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Well, just you wait, 'cause my famous aunt is on huh way right now."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Who's your famous aunt?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"My aunt Rosie, Rosie O'Donnell."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Your aunt Rosie O'Donnell is coming here?
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Yeah, she's very active in politics. So she's gonna set all this straight."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,[resigned] Oh no..!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, day, Cartman's room. Cartman sets the Trapper Keeper in a tray, then secures it onto a docking bay and plugs a cable into it"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Recharging.
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Sweet. You're so cool, Trapper Keeper. I would never let those assholes take you away.[singing his own Dawson's Creek theme song] I don't wanna wait for my Trapper Keeper to be overThe ways of my Trap--"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper ready to ensorb. [cables reach out and grab Cartman's computer like a giant hand, and pull it towards the Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, cool."
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper, merging. [cables reach out and grab a lamp and a Wellington Bear desk clock]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,[softly] Whoa...
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,End of act two. Time: 13:59
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, day, dining room. ""Bill"" is seated at the head of the table, with Liane and Kenny to his right, and Stan and Kyle to his left"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"And so you see, Ms. Cartman, you cannot buy your son Eric another Trapper Keeper. Not now! Not ever!"
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"Right, because it will hybrid with all those other processors and generate a whole new era of technological darkness."
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Correct.
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"Well, I certainly won't buy him anymore, then... Bill. [starts flirting with him]"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Good. Now all that is left to do is destroy the Trapper Keeper Eric has now. Where is he?
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"In his room. But, why don't I show you the rest of the house first? [pulls ""Bill"" from the chair]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Uh-oh.
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Here we go again.
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"Come this way, Billy. [takes him away from the table]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Well, come on. Let's go upstairs and get Cartman's Trapper Keeper ourselves. [he and Kenny leave the table, with Kyle following]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Cartman's room. Cartman is getting friendly with his Trapper Keeper
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Kyle is just jealous of you, Trapper Keeper. You kick ass!I don't wanna let my Trapper Keeper get--"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"[knocks on the door] Open up, Cartman! We're taking your Trapper Keeper! [Cartman hops off his chair and dances to the door. He locks it and continues singing]"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Screw you guys, screw you guysScrew you guys, scr--"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper, ready to ensorb."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,Huh? [walks towards his computer]
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"[in the hallway, pounds on the door] Dammit, Cartman, open up!"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,"Trapper Keeper, ready for hybrid."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh, sweet. What's it gonna hybrid with now? [cables come from the monitor and grab him] Ugh--!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"[pounds on the door] Cartman, you might as well open up! We're just gonna have Bill Cosby bust the door down after he finishes having sex with your mom. [he and Kyle now notice the groans coming from the room]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Cartman? [inside, cables wrap tight around his face and go in, transforming his body into a grotesque hybrid, and the hybrid begins to grow] He's not gonna open it. Break it down."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,You break it down!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Okay. Ready? One, two, three, not it!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Not it! You lose, Kenny. [he and Kyle quickly step out of the way]"
Trapper Keeper,Kenny,"(Awww..!) [goes to the far wall and then rushes the door, only to be plastered against the far wall...] (Argh--!) [...by the unhinged bedroom door being pushed out by the evolving Trapper Keeper. The boys are frozen in place with mouths open]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,You ba--! [the boys make a run for it down the hall and down the stairs as the Trapper Keeper oozes out of Cartman's room]
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, outside. The front door opens and Stan and Kyle rush outside and away"
Trapper Keeper,Stan/Kyle,"Agggghhh! [the Trapper Keeper bursts through every window in the house and then the house begins to crumble around it. It collapses in on itself. moves away from the house, leaving ""Bill"" and Liane in bed fully exposed to the elements]"
Trapper Keeper,Liane,"[on top] Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. Mr. Garrison sits with the class around the table and hears some ominous noise"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"What the hell is that? [walks to the window and looks out] Oh my God! What is that thing? Children, there's some huge bulbous monstrosity heading for the classroom! [some of the kids slink down in their seats] Oh my God, it's awful! It's coming for the door. [the doorknob turns and the kindergartners crouch in terror]"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"Hello, kids!"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,Aunt Rosie!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[in a panic] Run for your lives, children! [grabs a bat] I'll try to fight it off!"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"That's my aunt, Rosie O'Donnell."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh. Oh, um... Pleasure to meet you, Miss Donnell. You're looking... well."
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"Don't worry, kids. Everything's gonna be fine. What's the problem?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,Aunt Rosie. We think I won class president.
Trapper Keeper,Ike Supporter,"No, Ike won."
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Look, it's very simple. We took a vote and the vote tied, so now we gotta come up with a way--"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"Well it obviously isn't that simple, is it? I mean, you'd think a little kindergarten teacher could've handled this, but now we're gonna do it my way!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park, outskirts. The Trapper Keeper enters the scene and demolishes the sign"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,[now with Cartman's voice] We are Trapper Keeper.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,[on a bluff with Stan and Kyle looking at the Trapper Keeper leave town] Oh no! It is heading for Cheyenne Mountain!
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Why is that bad?
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,It was when the Trapper Keeper assimilated with the supercomputer at Cheyenne Mountain that it was able to fuse into all defensive computers!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Then we have to stop it before it gets there! [leads the others off the bluff and onto a waiting cruiser. ""Bill"" takes the wheel and Kyle takes the passenger window seat]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Step on it, Bill Cosby! [""Bill"" starts the cruiser and drives off]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,The road to Cheyenne Mountain. All is quiet. Two security guards wait at the entrance reading newspapers. The one wearing glasses looks up
Trapper Keeper,Guard 2,"Hey, Mark, look."
Trapper Keeper,Mark,"Wow. That is about the nicest Trapper Keeper I've ever seen. [a police siren is heard, and promptly ""Bill"" arrives with Stan and Kyle. They hop out of the car and face the Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Cartman, you have to stop!"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,We are Trapper Keeper. We are one.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"A part of your friend must still be alive in there. [the three of them study the Trapper Keeper from a distance until Stan finds a ventilation hose coming out of it. Smoke comes out of it, and a fart is heard]"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,He is in there.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,"That must be what Trapper Keeper is using for ventilation. If one of you could get in there, you could reach the CPU."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"One-two-three, not it!"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Not-- Aw, damnit..! [walks up to the hissing hose and climbs in]"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Interior. Kyle makes his way in and scrambles through a field of organs until he reaches the memory core. The valves open up and suck Kyle into the core. Kyle floats through the core, à la 2001: A Space Odyssey'"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"[à la HAL 9000] What are you doing, Kyle?"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"I'm going to try and break you away from the computer, Cartman. I need to remove the CPU."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Kyle."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,"Screw you, fat ass!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Hey, screw you."
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Cartman! [hits a wall with a wrench]
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Agh--! [four metallic arms from all directions reach out to trap him, then six more organic ones come in to secure him]"
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,No!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The kids run around arguing with each other and carry signs"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"[sits on a chair with Filmore on her lap] Okay, so then what we're going to do is count everybody's vote by hand, and after that, we're gonna go over the votes again manually, and then--"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"[throws a fit] Oh, stop it, stop it! Stop i-i-it! [the kids and Rosie look at him] Look kids, we're all in this kindergarten class together. We have to respect one another or else we're in for a terrible school year. [the kindergarteners looks at each other]"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,[furiously] We're just making sure that the kids that voted for my nephew don't get cheated!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Half the kids in the class didn't vote for your nephew, so what about them? You don't give a crap about them because they're not on your side! People like you preach tolerance and open-mindedness all the time, but when it comes to Middle America, you think we're all evil and stupid country yokels who need your political enlightenment! [Rosie goes offended upon hearing this] Well, just because you're on TV doesn't mean you know crap about the government! Now get your ass back on first class and respect this class's right to make up their own minds! [the kindergarteners gasp] ...Oh, sorry I got a little off the subject there, kids."
Trapper Keeper,Rosie O'Donnell,"[stands up throwing Filmore off] How dare you! I will not be preached at by a country bumpkin! [heads for the door and stands at the entrance] I'm leaving this Podunk town, but in my place I'm gonna send more lawyers, statesmen and press than you have ever seen! [exits and slams the door shut]"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Oh no, children, I think I've just made this a whole lot worse."
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,End of act three. Time: 18:58
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park, a red sunset. A picture of the four main characters of Dawson's Creek is present. Camera zooms out, revealing Trapper Keeper covering Cheyenne Mountain. A slimy appendage reaches out and grabs a phone both next to two ladies"
Trapper Keeper,Ladies,"Aaghh! [hurry away. The Trapper Keeper absorbs the phone booth, and another of its appendages goes after a police car]"
Trapper Keeper,Cops,"Wagghh! [hurry away. In the distance ""Bill,"" the two security guards, and Stan watch Trapper Keeper get bigger and bigger. Behind them, the rest of South Park gathers and sees the spectacle]"
Trapper Keeper,Mark,Well that does it. I'm gonna have to report this. [whips out a walkie-talkie and starts] Car one to base-- [another appendage reaches down and pulls him up and away] Aghh! [Trapper Keeper swallows him up]
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,It is infusing with everything. It is already too powerful to stop!
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Kyle's got to succeed. He's just got to.
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Interior. Kyle struggles to make his way out of the little situation he's in
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,I can't reach the CPU.
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cheyenne Mountain, outside. A limo speeds up to the scene and encounters the Trapper Keeper, which is beginning to look like the tower in ""Bill""'s prophecy. Rosie O'Donnell pops out and walks up to it"
Trapper Keeper,Rosie,What are you doin'?! Get out of my way!
Trapper Keeper,Guard 2,"Oh, no! Now there's two of those things!"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"No, I think that other thing is Rosie O'Donnell. [an indecisive appendage hovers over Rosie]"
Trapper Keeper,Guard 2,Huh? Which one? I-It's just like I'm seeing double.
Trapper Keeper,Rosie,"[to Trapper Keeper] I said, get out of my way! [another appendage wraps around her and tries to pull her in] Aaaaggghhhh!!! [Trapper Keeper swells and heaves, and the fleshy appendage swallows Rosie up] Ogh. Noo-- [the appendage pulls her up and into Trapper Keeper]"
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Eeww.
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Look! I think that infusing with Rosie O'Donnell has made Trapper Keeper sick.
Trapper Keeper,Trapper Keeper,Oohh... Bad pie... Bad pie... [begins to deflate and wither. Its appendages wither and begin to drop off as it darkens]
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"This is your chance, Kyle! Cartman has weakened!"
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Interior. Cartman releases his hold on Kyle and Kyle drops to the floor. He quickly moves to the wall panel containing the CPU and pulls the CPU out along with some memory chips
Trapper Keeper,Kyle,Got 'em!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"Cheyenne Mountain, outside. Trapper Keeper turns into a big mass of goo, and Kyle and Cartman are spat out. Rosie ends up half-eaten. Everybody begins to approach Kyle and Cartman"
Trapper Keeper,Stan,He did it!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The kids are seated around the round table, and their lawyers stand behind them arguing. Mr. Garrison sits at the head of the table listening"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, the lawyers for Ike's side have agreed with the lawyers on Filmore's side to hold another meeting regarding Form 22F. Do we all have that form? [the door opens, and in walks...]"
Trapper Keeper,Jesse Jackson,Is this the kindergarten classroom?
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Jesse Jackson?
Trapper Keeper,Jesse Jackson,That's right! I believe the African-American in your class were misrepresented!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,[covering his face] We don't have any African-Americans in our class!
Trapper Keeper,Jesse Jackson,Oh. Bye. [turns and walks out. Filmore raises his hand]
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"Alright, so apparently what we're gonna do now is hand-count each person's ballot--"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Mistoreh Garrison, I concede. [Mr. Garrison's jaw drops, as do those of Filmore's lawyers]"
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,"You... yuh, you what?"
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"I don't wanna play anymore, 'cause this game is stupid."
Trapper Keeper,Sally,Yeah. It doesn't make any sense.
Trapper Keeper,Filmore,"Ike, you could be class president."
Trapper Keeper,Ike,I pooped my pants!
Trapper Keeper,Sally,[throws up her hands] Can we fingerpaint now?
Trapper Keeper,Kids,[clamoring] Fingerpaint! Fingerpaint!
Trapper Keeper,Mr. Garrison,Ohuh... Yes. [exults] Yes! Let's fingerpaint!
Trapper Keeper,Scene Description,Cheyenne Mountain. Stan and the others reach Cartman and Kyle
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"You did it, Kyle! [to Cartman] Kyle saved your life, fat ass!"
Trapper Keeper,BSM-471,Look! I'm fading! [begins to fade from view] It must have worked. I don't exist! [disappears]
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Huh, that's a bitch."
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Oh. Well, I guess everything's fine now. So let's go home."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,"Hey! Whoa whoa whoa, Cartman! All you've been doing is making fun of Kyle and now he's saved your life! You at least owe him a thank you!"
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Awww, man..."
Trapper Keeper,Stan,Cartman!
Trapper Keeper,Cartman,"Alright, alright. [sighs] Kyle..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"Stage rehearsal, day. Stan, Kyle, and Wendy are in costume on stage. Stan is dressed in a white suit and bowtie, and a fake beard and mustache. Kyle is dressed as a country doctor with starched collar, and Wendy is dressed in white pants, purple coat and beret, and bowtie. The stage itself has a door prop and a tripod table with a bowl and jar atop it. Kyle enters through the door."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"Doctor, doctor! Will our daughter be okay?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"I am sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Keller, but I'm afraid your daughter Helen still cannot see, hear, or speak."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,Oh no! NO!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"'Ere 'ere, my good wife, 'ere is nothing we can do."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,My poor little Helen.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"[enters through the prop door in blue dress and wig, and holding a doll - Helen Keller!] Timmiihhh!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"She can't see or hear us, John."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Heh-aaaah, Timmih!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,[very slurred - John Keller] E-yes. Perhaps she should go to an asyluh.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[in the second front row, directing] Stan, what the hell is wrong with you? I can't understand your lines!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,'Cause the 'eard 'urts my 'ace.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Can we take a lunch break now?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No! If we want our play to be better than the kindergartners' play, we have to rehearse as much as possible! Now let's continue the scene!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"[enters the scene] Hello. My name is Anne Sullivan, and I believe I can teach this child to communicate."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,Uh-eally? Uh you think so?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"[slaps some water from a pitcher into Timmy's right hand] Water, Helen! Waaa-terr!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Agh oh-ight, Timmih!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"God-damnit, Timmy! Helen Keller isn't supposed to talk!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,[a camera follows him to the auditorium at butt level; another camera shows him entering the room] Hey you guys! We got a big problem! [rushes onto the stage]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"What is it, Butters?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"The kindergartners! I just came from their dress rehearsal. Hoh, it's good, you guys. It's real good!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,How good?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"They got Pilgrim outfits! And Indian ones, too! They've got singing and dancing and boy you've never seen such a show! Why, it's a Thanksgiving extravaganza!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Oh, no!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,We can't be outdone by the kindergartners!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Oh, now what?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"Oh yeah, we can't!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright, alright! Quiet down! Look, we still got four days until the Thanksgiving festival; that's plenty of time to revamp our play!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Revamp how? The rules are that the fourth grade class has to perform the Helen Keller Story.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Yeah, but nobody told us how we had to do it. We can have Thanksgiving stuff and music numbers, too."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Well, we can add music numbers, but how do we make the Helen Keller story more Thanksgivingy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"I know! How about, instead of a dog, Helen Keller has a pet turkey."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Token,"Yeah, a turkey that could do tricks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Yeah
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"That's the spirit, gang! Alright. Stan and Wendy, you go out and find some musical instruments! Kenny and Clyde, take some kids and buy some Thanksgiving decorations for the set! Kyle and Timmy, you go out and find a turkey!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,Okay!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,This is gonna be the best version of the Miracle Worker ever!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Yay!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"a barn, with no snow around it. Cows are grazing on the grass outside. Inside, a rancher shows Timmy and Kyle around the barn."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,What kind of turkey are you lookin' for?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"A smart one, that can do tricks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,"Well, I ain't got a whole lot left, it bein' almost Thanksgiving and all. [opens a turkey pen so the boys can see] Go ahead, just pick one out. [Timmy looks pleased, looks around, and settles on a deformed turkey which walks with its head against the ground]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[apparently having chosen his turkey] Timmaay! [the turkey blinks at him]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,"[notices the turkey] Oh, that one's a little messed up. Not exactly the... pick of the litter."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Haaaaa!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Uh, Timmy, if we back to the other kids with that turkey they're gonna be pissed!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,TIMMAY!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,Yeah. Best you not take that one. I was just about to take it out in the yard and putt a bullet in its head.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"What?! Aw, dude, don't say that!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,T-TIIMMAY TIMMAY!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Alright, we'll take him. How much?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,Fifty bucks.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,But you were just gonna take it out in the backyard and put a bullet in its head!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,I know! Now I gotta find somethin' else to shoot.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"[thinks] ...God-damnit, here! [the rancher takes the money, walks over to get the turkey, and delivers the turkey to Timmy] Alright, Timmy, let's go! [Kyle and Timmy leave]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Rancher,"I've got a one-legged pig if you'd like, too."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Aw, blow it out your ass!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre. Here is where the class has been rehearsing for the play. The marquee reads: ""THANKSGIVING EXTRAVAGANZA WEDNESDAY"" Inside, Cartman has most of the kids on stage with a man..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Guys, I want you all to meet Jeffrey Maynard. He's South Park's biggest expert on musical theater, AND, he played the lead in Les Misérables at the Denver Community Playhouse for five weeks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,[flatly] Bravo.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,Do you think we could make up a good Thanksgiving play in four days?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,[lyrically] I would swear it on my life. Your play shall want for nothing.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Hooray!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,"Now, the first thing a good musical needs is a big opening number. Something that sets up the entire show."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright! Places, everybody! Bring in the turkey! [Timmy's turkey sidles in with its head on the ground. Kyle and Timmy follow] What the hell is that?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,It's a turkey. [long pause] His name is Gobbles.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,GOBBLES! [Gobbles gobbles]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,And where... pray... is our beautiful trick performing turkey?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Um, we... sssort of spend all the money on this... one..."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,GOBBLES! [Gobbles gobbles]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[looks at Kyle for a long time] Kyle, can I talk to you over here for a second? [they walk off to one side of the stage and stop, out of earshot] Kyle? Why do you do these things to me?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,I didn't do anything to you. Timmy saw the turkey and wanted to get it. What do you want me to say to him?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"You say, ""No, Timmy, you can't have that turkey! Bad Timmy!"""
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"[the rest of the cast approaches] Look, I know it isn't exactly what we wanted, but maybe we can train it."
Helen Keller! The Musical,?????,"He's not gonna work, Kyle. The whole point was to make our play better than the kindergartners."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Token,"Yeah, that turkey sucks."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,"[lyrically] Wait! What's that, you say? A thanksgiving turkey is what you require? I know of a turkey."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,You do?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,[lyrically] During my years on Broadway I... worked with a turkey who could do all kinds of tricks. She even jumped through a hoop of fire.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Cool! Can you get it for us?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey Maynard,I will go promptly and call her trainer. On the morrow you shall have your trick performing turkey.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,Alright! [Timmy takes Gobbles and wheels off stage]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Timmy's house, night. Timmy is in his room with a hula hoop in hand, sitting on the floor"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Gobbles! [shows him the hoop and points to it. Gobbles just blinks. Timmy tries again] Gobbles! [Gobbles blinks, then walks up to the hoop and lifts his head through it. Timmy is dismayed] Up, heh. Uh! [coaxes Gobbles through the hoop. Gobbles trips and falls out. Timmy grins] Heeey, Gobbles! [Gobbles gets up and walks away. Timmy pulls out a lighter and sets the hoop aflame] Gobbles. [Gobbles just stares and Timmy urges] Gobbles! [Gobbles poops]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's house, night. Cartman is in his room rewriting a part of the play."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No no! [tosse another sheet over his shoulder, to join other wads on the floor. His mother enters the room]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Liane,"Boopsie-kins, It's late. You need to be in bed."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"I can't sleep, Mom! I have to write the lyrics for the opening song of our Helen Keller Thanksgiving spectacular!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Liane,"Now, hon!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[whining a bit] But [turns around] Mo-o-om, I have to write these lyrics so the plight of Helen Keller can be realized by the common man."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Liane,"Twenty more minutes, and that's it. [exits and closes the door]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[spins around and gets back to work] Twenty minutes! Does Tim Rice's mom give him twenty minutes to write the lyrics to ""Phantom Of The Opera""?! [looks at a small portrait of Helen Keller on his desk, picks it up and studies it] Speak to me Helen. Let me be your voice. [after looking at the portrait some more, he gets frustrated and slams the portrait onto the desk] Come on, you blind bitch! Channel your spirit through me!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Timmy's house. Timmy is in bed asleep. Soon, Gobbles hops up on the bed and drops his head on the covers. He slowly inches up to Timmy's face, looking at Timmy all the while, and settles in next to him. Gobbles soon falls asleep. Timmy's left hand comes to rest on Gobbles' body. An exterior shot with the moon low in the sky is shown and fades out."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, the stage, next day. rehearsal. Clyde is speaking under a spotlight"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,Tonight we present the story of a courageous girl and her fight against depression
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,[in the audience] OP-pression!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Oppression. Our play begins in a simpler time. [music comes up] Alabama, in the late 1800s [spotlight goes off, Clyde walks off stage, curtains open. A lone house stands against a desert background and clouds float high against the sky-blue backdrop. Dancing singers begin]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Actors,"1800's, Alabama! What a great place and time!We're so happy that we live in 1800's Alabama 'cause it's sunny and there is no crime!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,[in the audience] Now to the refrain!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Actors,"And in this little town in 1800's Alabama there's a family by the name of Keller! [They dance off to one side of the house. A water pump appears] Their daughter's deaf and mute and blind as a bat, and her parents can't even tell her!!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"[a man with a small animal cage enters] Excuse me, I am Lamond, the animal trainer."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,Oh. [quickly calls the others] Cool! He's here! [the other kids gather]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Awesome! Do you have a turkey that can do tricks?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Ap ap! Do not call them tricks! She's a very sensitive turkey! She performs feats, not tricks. Ladies and gentlemen, may I present the most beautiful bird in America! [sets the cage down] Four-time prize winner of the National Western Stock Show and reigning poster child of turkeylovers.com! I give you Alinicia! [one serious turkey walks out of the cage, and the kids are impressed]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Yeh.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Others,Wow.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Whoa.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,Her feathers are beautiful.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,That's the prettiest turkey I ever saw.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,Of course she is! [she looks back at the kids and thrusts her beak in the air]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Okay! Now we can really get this thing underway! Places, everybody! [the kids move back...] Where the hell is Timmy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[off screen] TIM-MIH! [all turn and face him. He's in costume with Gobbles before him. Gobbles raises his head and gobbles]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,What... is... that?!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Uh, that's Gobbles, the physically challenged turkey. [Timmy takes his lighter and sets his hoop on fire, then lowers it for his bird]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles! [Gobbles makes no move] Gobbles?!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Timmy, we already got a turkey."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,"Yeah, and it's from Broadway."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[indicates his turkey] Gobbles.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No, Timmy! That handicapped turkey does not go in our play!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,"Dude, don't forget: Timmy is the only kid who can play Helen Keller. Don't piss him off."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No, that's right. Only Timmy knows the part."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[stubborn] Tim-mih.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus! Okay, fine! Helen Keller can have TWO pet turkeys! [Alinicia protests vigorously, shedding feathers everywhere]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,My turkey does not work with other turkeys!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Oh, God-damnit, now what are we gonna do?!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, later. Hallway outside a dressing room. The door opens and Lamond stands there trying to calm Alinicia down"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Alright, ah ah alright! Alri- ah a-alright. Alright. [exits and closes the door]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[walks up] Dude, we need your turkey for our play!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,She's not coming out. She's very upset! She's pooped all over the room!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"I know, I know, but listen: Uh, let me try to explain the position I'm in here. The retarded turkey belongs to our friend, Timmy. And Timmy's the only person who knows the part of Helen Keller. So, so tell me what I can do here to make everybody happy?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,[ominously] Kill the other turkey!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,I can't dude. Timmy has a boner for it.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Well, it could meet with ""an unfortunate accident."""
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Unfortunate accident? You mean, like Geena Davis getting her own TV show? [laughs, but realizes he's alone in this] Oh."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"It's very simple! Either that turkey meets with an unfortunate accident, or you don't have a feat-performing turkey for your Helen Keller Thanksgiving musical!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright, alright! Just get your turkey to stop crapping all over the dressing room and come out for rehearsal! I'll take care of everything. [walks off]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, the stage, later. Bebe and Timmy are front and center while the others stand in a row in the background"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"[enunciating] Water, Helen. It has a name. Oh, why can't you understand?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Dehh haaa. [unimpressed looks from Cartman, Jeffrey, and Lamond]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"Water, Helen, Water."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,She's never gonna do it. There's no way she'll ever do it.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Bebe,"Helen, Helen. Water, Helen."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kids,How can she talk if she can't hear? This is absolutely pointless!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Okay, uh, hold it. Uh, let's hold it right there a second. [whisks himself onstage] Okay, I just want to adjust the blocking real quick. Hm-let's see. Uh, why don't we have Turkey #2 [starts moving Gobbles along] stand just a little bit more over... [puts it behind the Comedy Central logo] here. [mulls over the position] Let's see, maybe a little more up in here. [moves it a bit towards stage center] And just a wee bit over here. [Gobbles is back behind the logo, a bit] And right about... [moves Gobbles a bit back] hm'ere. [steps back] There we go. Good. [goes off stage. A cable whips out of place somewhere. A lighting fixture falls on Kenny and kills him]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,Whoa-aaaa [dances away]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Aw, crap! I must've rigged the wrong light!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"[onstage, walks up to Kenny's corpse, then gets lyrical] Let him rest in peace. Let him rest. Why must he die?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,[a camera follows him to the auditorium at butt level; another camera shows him entering the room] They've got special effects! [Jeffrey continues singing in the background]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Kyle,What Butters? [Butters meets the others onstage]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Butters,"The kindergartners! They've got amazing stage effects. Pyrotechnics and what have yous. Why, it's a regular feast for the eyes!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Wendy,"Oh, no!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Clyde,We're never gonna outdo them now! [the kids begin to chatter amongst themselves]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Token,But what are we gonna do?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"[Jeffrey continues his dirge] Calm down! Calm down! We can have special effects, too. Now, I know a lot is going wrong, but we've got to stick together to make this play work! [looks at Lamond] All of us! [Lamond crosses his arms]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"—and into your hands [the kids now pay attention to him] uh he... buh... [hums, then stops singing, stares, then gets up and walks offstage]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"The South Park Community Theatre, the stage, later. Timmy is in another hallway trying to get Gobbles to hop through the hoop"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"Gobbles! [Gobbles lifts his head and drops it away from Timmy] Hu-ugh, Gobbles! [they hear the door open. Timmy puts the hoop away and gathers Gobbles on his lap]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,[peeks in] Little boy.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[spins around] Timmy.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Yes, Tim. I feel I must speak with you. [walks up to Timmy] The others, well, they don't want you to know, but, oh, I don't know what to do. Should I tell you?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,T-Timmih? [a bit afraid]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,I feel I'm the only one who can be honest with you. [genuflects next to Timmy] The animal shelter is on its way to...take your turkey away from you.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles? [scared]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"You see, they don't allow children in your... situation... to have wild animals as pets. You can't take him running, you can't take care of him. They... have to take it away."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,Gobbles!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"They take wild pets away from people like you... and hand them over for experiments. And they're shocked, dissected, and flayed while they're still alive. And no matter where you go, the shelter people will find you. The only way for that turkey to avoid years of torture is for you to... let him go. Back into the wild. [listens for something] Oh no! Here they come now! [two men round the corner] Quick, go! And set your turkey free! I'll try to stall them."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,[turns and wheels away from the oncoming men] T-tim-mih.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Installer,"Eh, excuse me, we're here to install the water effects for the musical?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,"Uh, the stage is right through there."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Installer,Thanks. [he and his partner walk towards the stage. Lamond looks after them as they leave]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, Cartman's house, night. Cartman is at his desk in his room rewriting a song."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Alright, got to write the new lyrics. Lemme see. [writes] no [writes] No. [writes] NO! [writes] God-damnit [takes the sheet and squeezes it into a wad]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"[enters the room] How is it going, Eric?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Terrible! [turns and faces Jeffrey] I can't write the lyrics for the third act! Nothing's coming to me.
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"Well, you know in theater sometimes, we try different tricks to get the creative juices flowing."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Like what?
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,Let's see. [closes the door behind him] Helen Keller was blind and deaf. [walks to Cartman's side desk] Perhaps you should see what it is like. Deprive yourself of your senses and see what plays inside your mind. Here. [turns Cartman around and puts a blindfold on him.]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Hey, that's not a bad idea."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,[puts some headphones on him] Just relax. Just try to let your mind wander and let the juices flow... [a long pause. then a series of images present themselves]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"First, the portrait of Helen Keller. Then nothing. Then Helen Keller again, then a banana split, then Helen again, then a human skull. Cartman is disturbed. Then Helen, the skull, another skull, Helen, a mummy whose hair moves a bit, bombs dropping from planes, a sinister clown, the banana split, a body being prepped for operation, the banana split, a wall with ""GO DEAD BE DEAD"" written in blood on it, a Russian show of military might, Helen, animals tearing at something, a riot, a close-up of a snake, an atomic bomb test, a lasik experiment. Cartman. The first skull, ""GO DEAD BE DEAD"", the skull, the experiment, the skull, the experiment, a woman wailing in the flames, open-heart surgery, a rat eating a dead rat, the banana split, a mouth being pulled open, Helen, a Nazi troop march, a fireman in an inferno, the Hindenburg bursting in flame, an alien opening its mouth and the camera zooms in... Cartman takes the blindfold and headphones off"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"Oh, man!"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"Well, did you see anything?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,"No, just the same old crap I always see when I close my eyes."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Jeffrey,"...Oh, that's too bad."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Cartman,Wait. I've got it! The perfect setup for when Helen Keller's pet turkey jumps through the hoop of fire! [starts writing furiously] Yes! Yes! I have it now!
Helen Keller! The Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, residential street, day. Timmy rolls along dejected and turns to another street. He remembers what Lamond said as he rolls"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Lamond,[his head appears beside Timmy] The only way for that turkey to avoid years of torture is for you to... let him go... [fades as it echoes] let him go... let him go...[the head disappears]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Timmy,"[stops and lets Gobbles go] Gobbles! [points away so Gobbles could leave. Gobbles moves his head in that direction, but nothing else] Gobbles!! [turns around and rolls away. Gobbles follows him and gobbles. Timmy turns around again and face Gobbles] Gobbles. Gobbles! [points away again, turns and rolls away. Gobbles follows some more] Timmih. [a tear appears in his eye] Timmih, Gobbles. [turns away and rolls off, leaving Gobbles alone. The camera pulls back and moves to the first house on the right side. A man and son sit on their doorway]"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Boy,"Daddy, why did Mommy leave and go to heaven?"
Helen Keller! The Musical,Father,"She didn't want to, Kevin. She... had no choice."
Helen Keller! The Musical,Boy,But I miss her. [father and son start to cry. The camera moves to a bench on which two men sit]
Helen Keller! The Musical,Elderly man,"[his middle-aged son comforts him] I could have so much more with my life, son. I've wasted it. I've wasted it, not ever telling you and Mark that I love you. [both men start to cry. The camera moves to Heidi Turner crying over a dead dog.]"
