I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Philadelphia, day. Independence Hall is shown. Cartman enters and finds the Congress room. The doors open before him."
I'm a Little Bit Country,A voice,"Enter, young messenger. [Cartman enters the room, awed by the people he sees around him, and approaches the main desk. He hands the document to the man waiting there] I am John Hancock, President of the Congress."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Wow.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Hancock,Mr. John Adams?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Adams,Aye. [rises and approaches the table]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Hancock,"Will you do the honors of reading the document to Congress, please? [Cartman takes an empty chair nearby]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Adams,"[reading from the Declaration] WHEN in the Course of human Events, it becomes necessary for one Penis to rise up- [cut to the end of the Declaration] -we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor.P.S. - Every Thursday should be Free Ice Cream Day. [rolls up the Declaration. Cartman looks around]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,A Congressman,"Excuse me, but does this Declaration actually suggest that we should go to go war with England?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Adams,"We have no choice, Mr. Dickinson. [chatter erupts]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The town square stage. On stage are decorations for the two sides. On the left is a large peace sign on a green curtain surrounded by peace signs and protest signs, on the right is a large eagle surrounded by yellow ribbons. Both groups are on stage."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,"All right everyone, thank you all for comin' out to protest the war, m'kay? [people within the crowd clap. Randy comes out dressed in an Elvis outfit]."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"Don't kid yourselves. These people have come out to support our troops, right?! [raises a fist. Other people within the crowd clap]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,"And now, Randy Marsh is gonna sing a protest song he wrote about the war."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,Oh no you don't! We're doing our pro-war song first!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jimbo,Yeah! The last thing these people want is a bleedin'-heart rock protest song!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mayor McDaniels,"[intervenes] People, I told you, you have to share the stage."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,Nobody wants to here another pro-war country song!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,Well excuse me if... I'm a little bit country.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,Well I'm a little bit rock-n-roll-AH!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,I'm a little for supportin' our troops.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,And I'm a little for bringin' 'em home.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,I believe freedom isn't free.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"No, but war shouldn't be our goal."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,We must defend our country.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"If it means war, then we say NO!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Somebody,Yeehaw!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"[walks to the edge of the stage in front of the war support crowd, then sits on the edge] Did you forget them towers in New York? Did you forget how it made you feel To see them towers come down? Were you like me? Did you think it weren't real?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"I like to rock, but I don't wanna rock Iraq! The only kind of rockin' America should do, is the kind that we can all dance to, yeah!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"We got GPS, ICBMs, and good old-fashioned lead. We're gonna show Saddam what America means; that son of a bitch'll be dead."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,Why are we fightin' this war? There's a man in the office we didn't vote for. They didn't give me a choice. War is not my voice! Yeaaaaahhhh!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Philadelphia, day, Independence Hall. There's plenty of argument going on."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Adams,We must go to war!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Dickinson,"But what about the violence?! The lives lost?! If we found a country, it should be founded on peace and diplomacy."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressman 1,England will only understand one thing: Force.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressman 2,"[rises] I must state again for the record that South Carolina, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Georgia are against war! [pounds the table with his fist]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressman 3,"Yeah, because you don't care about the fate of the Colonies like we do! You're all unpatriotic! And if you don't like the Colonies, then you can get out!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Dickinson,Don't you call us unpatriotic! We're protesting this war because we care so deeply for the fate of our Colonies! You are all unpatriotic for leading the Colonies into a war that half of them don't want! [the various Congressmen begin babbling with each other]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[observing] Whoa, how very very relevant."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park, day, town square. The rally is still going on, and a reporter files the following report."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Tom,"Tom, I'm standing in the town square where the war rally has been going on for an incredible eighty-seven hours. The crowd still appears to be split right down the middle - half of them support country music, and the other half rock-n-roll. Let's listen in."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,"And now we'd like to bring out a couple of very special South Park students who did a report on what the Founding Fathers would have to say about the war. [Stan walks up to the mic, watching the crowd on the way there. Kyle follows. The crowd claps appreciatively]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,Booooo!!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"[steps up] For you people who still think war is the answer, perhaps you can listen to the voices ... of the children. [shows them off and backs out of the scene. The crowd applauds and quiets down]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Uh, we didn't do it."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,What?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,We didn't do our homework.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Sharon,Boys! You were supposed to come out here and tell everyone about the Founding Fathers!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Well, first we lost one study partner when Cartman put himself in the hospital, and then they took Kenny away, and then Kyle forgot to set his clock ahead for Daylight Saving, so we couldn't find anything in the history books about Iraq and then-"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,That's because the Founding Fathers would have supported the war!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,The Founding Fathers would have protested like us!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Supporters,Support!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,Protest!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Supporters,Country!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,Rock-n-roll!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"The two sides charge at each other on stage, then off stage. They attack each other with their signs. One man drives his ""War is not my voice"" sign straight down into another man's head. A man drives his ""Bush is a Nazi"" sign up a woman's nose after she swats him with her ""Support Your Troops"" sign. A woman strikes someone else down with her ""No Blood for Oil"" sign. Stan and Kyle just look on."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Philadelphia, day, Independence Hall. There's plenty of argument still going on."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressmen,Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Dickinson,We cannot found a country based on war!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Adams,We cannot found a country that is afraid to fight!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressman,Rabble!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressmen,"Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble Rabble! [the doors open and in walks an august figure. The boisterous voices become hushed] Oh my, it's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin. [they keep murmuring this as Franklin walks towards the main desk]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Oh, it's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin. It's Benjamin Franklin."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Hancock,"Mr. Franklin, where do you stand on the war issue?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Franklin,"I believe that if we are to form a new country, we cannot be a country that appears war-hungry and violent to the rest of the world. However, we also cannot be a country that appears weak and unwilling to fight to the rest of the world. So, what if we form a country that appears to want both?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jefferson,"Yes. Yes of course. We go to war, and protest going to war at the same time."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Dickinson,"Right. If the people of our new country are allowed to do whatever they wish, then some will support the war and some will protest it."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Franklin,"And that means that as a nation, we could go to war with whomever we wished, but at the same time, act like we didn't want to. If we allow the people to protest what the government does, then the country will be forever blameless."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Adams,"[holding a slice of chocolate cake] It's like having your cake, and eating it, too."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Congressman 2,Think of it: an entire nation founded on saying one thing and doing another.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Hancock,And we will call that country the United States of America.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Wow, I get it now! I get it! [senses his flashback coming to an end] Whoa, here it goes. I wish I could go back to my time. To my time, to, to my time."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day, Cartman's room. Cartman comes to and looks around."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Wow!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park, town square. The townsfolk are still attacking each other and killing more of their number. One man kills another with a ""PEACE NOW"" sign. A war supporter runs a flag pole through a protester, then pulls it back out again. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny watch from the other end of the square, towards the stage as the carnage continues."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[appears on stage in his hospital gown, his hair disheveled] Everyone, stop! Please! [everyone stops and looks at him]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Townsman,"The-the child! The child, from the hospital."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"If you all don't mind, I would like to do my report now. I know what the founding fathers would say."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,He does? [he and Kyle are shocked]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,He does?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"I learned somethin' today. This country was founded by some of the smartest thinkers the world has ever seen. And they knew one thing: that a truly great country can go to war, and at the same time, act like it doesn't want to. [a shot of the crowd]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"You people who are for the war, you need the protesters. Because they make the country look like it's made of sane, caring individuals. And you people who are anti-war, you need these flag-wavers, because, if our whole country was made up of nothing but soft pussy protesters, we'd get taken down in a second. That's why the founding fathers decided we should have both. It's called ""having your cake and eating it too."""
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,He's right. The strength of this country is the ability to do one thing and say another.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"Yeah, but... if it weren't for all you guys protesting, why everyone around the world would hate the American people instead of just the President."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Gerald,"And if it weren't for you people flexing your arms, America could easily get taken over by terrorists or... or China."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,I guess we... owe you an apology.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,"Eh-ah, I guess we owe you one."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Townsfolk,Awww. [amid a chorus of awwws they hug each other.]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,Cartman? Cartman saved the day?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,Can't be
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"The Founding Fathers want you all to know that we can disagree all we want, as long as we agree that America kicks ass."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,Hey I'm a little bit country
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,And I'm a little bit rock-n-roll-AH!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Cartman takes his mic and backs out of the scene, leaving Randy and Skeeter to sing together."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,I'll be the muscle of America
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"And me, I'll be the caring soul."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Together,"And when you put us together you get a nation with one goal To thrive and prosper, with a little country and rock and roll."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"Come on up here, everybody! [the crowd surges onto the stage. Stan and Kyle look dumbfounded]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Everybody,"We're a little bit country, and we're a little bit rock-n-roll"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,We can be a nation that believes in war.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,"And still tells the world that we don't. [moments later the back of the stage begins to rise, revealing guests from many previous episodes]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Everybody,"Let the flag for hypocrisy fly high from every pole Cuz we're a little bit country, and we're a little bit rock-n-roll."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"Well, goodnight everybody. It sure has been great bringing you a hundred episodes."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"We want to thank our guests, the pro-war people. [shown, including Halfy. Some applause is heard] And the anti-war people. [shown. Some applause is heard]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,What the hell are they doing now?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,[covers his nose and shuts his eyes tight] I-I don't know.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Everybody,"For the war, against, the war, WHO CARES?? One hundred episodes!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,Randy and Skeeter perform some nifty footwork as they finish the song.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,I hate this town. I-I really really do.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Kyle is speaking to the school in the school gym, which is nicely decorated in the flags of many nations, both on the rafters and on the small stage set up at one end of the basketball court."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"[wearing an argyle sweater] ...And in conclusion, the Latino community has provided America, and indeed, the entire world with innovations that we would be lost without. And that is my presentation on the role of Hispanics in American technology. Thank you. [cheers from the school crowd before him]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Principal Victoria,"[approaches the mic] Okay, thank you, Kyle Broflovski."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Mackey,"[as Kyle approaches him] That was very good, Kyle. I think the Latino Endowment Council was very happy with your presentation. Looks like you might win. [a shot of the council, which is comprised of five Latinos. ]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,Cool.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Principal Victoria,"All right, students, members of the school board. Our last speaker will discuss the important role of Latinos in the arts. Here is... Eric Cartman. [reads again in disbelief] Eric Cartman? [a smattering of applause from the kids in the crowd]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,[approaches the mic with his left hand behind his back] Thank you. The Latino culture has been very influential on the arts in America. But you don't have to ask me. You can ask my special guest. Miss Jennifer Lopez.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kids,Jennifer Lopez?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,No way.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[shows off his left hand, which is open] Miss Lopez, come on out here. [the hand closes to become a fist, and that fist has a face and hair painted on it]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,[Cartman begins to speak in a Spanish cartoon accent and his lips form a tiny smile as his hand begins to move] Hallooo. [the hand sports a small wig and a paper cutout of a woman's body hanging down from it. The cutout wears a white top and shorts and a heavy brown coat. The cutout's right hand sports some yellow bracelets]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Principal Victoria,"[taken aback] Oh, Jesus Christ."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"My name is Hennifer Lopez. I eat tacos, y burritos."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Ms. Lopez, would you like to talk about Latinos and the arts?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh si, si. But first I would like to put on my pretty dress."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Oh, you mean this one? [whips out a doll's dress for the occasion]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Oh si si si. I like it very much.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[fits the dress under his hand] There we go, Saright?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Saright.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,That's a very pretty dress. [the Latino Endowment Council is shown again]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,It better be! I am Hennifer Lopez!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Nonono, you're Jennifer Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,si si. [enunciating] Hennifer Lopez!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Nono, Jeh-"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Heh-
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Jeh-
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Heh-
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Jeh-
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Jeh-
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Jennifer Lopez.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Hennifer Lopez. [members of the council laugh and clap]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,A Council Member,"Hahahahaha, oh my."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Ms. Lopez, could you show everyone your example of Latino arts?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Don't be fooled by all my money. I still like to eat tacos, honey. So crispy on the outside, so super good and yummy."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"And that is my presentation on Latinos in the arts. Thank you. [Much more cheer and applause for him. The school gives him a standing ovation. The members of the Latino Endowment council jump up and down with joy and pride. Stan and Kenny clap with everyone else, Kyle is just stunned.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The boys walk down one side inside the mall. Cartman leads the way."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Oh-hoh man! A twenty-dollar gift certificate at the mall! I can buy whatever I want! Cultural Diversity Day kicks ass!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,It isn't fair. I spent weeks preparing my speech on Latino culture.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Hey, I spent weeks preparing too, Kyle."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"No you didn't, asshole! What you did was totally stupid and racist! And you only did it to screw me over!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[walks up to Kyle] Awww, I don't think Kyle likes you, Ms. Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Aww, that makes me muy triste."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Ms. Lopez, do you like Kyle?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh si si, very much."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Ms. Lopez, would you like to give Kyle a kiss?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh si, si si, my kisses taste like tacos. [Cartman plants his fist on Kyle's lips and makes kissing noises, then removes the hand]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Is nice?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Is very nice. He's so handsome. [Cartman puts the hand back on Kyle's mouth and resumes the kissing noises]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,[swats Cartman's hand away]Stop it!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Hey, come one guys! We can use part of my gift certificate to buy food at the food court."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kenny,(Woohoo!) [the boys go to the food court]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The boys walk down the mall. Cartman's hand is finishing off a taco as he looks at it."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Mmm, tacos! So yummy!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Stop wasting the tacos on your hand, Cartman!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Hey, Ms. Lopez has to eat, too."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"She's not eating it, it's just coming out her backside!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"When you eat a taco it comes out your backside too, cholo!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kenny,"(Heheehee, heheh yeahah)"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Look look! Make your own music video! [they stop in front of a ""U R Da Star"", a music-video shop]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Nonono, we're not going into one of those cheesy places, Cartman!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,I agree. Those places are stupid.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,It's not stupid. I need to make music video.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,"[to Cartman's hand] Look, we're not going in there, so just-! Wait, why the hell am I talking to your hand? [slaps Cartman's hand down] Look, we're not going in there, so just knock it off!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Hey, I'm on your guys' side."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[rises] Just wait one minute, let me see how much it is. [leads Cartman in. Stan and Kenny follow]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,God dammit! [follows reluctantly]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Michael,Welcome to Make Your Own Video. All set to rock and roll?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,How much to make a video?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Michael,"Uh, well, it's nine ninety five for a three-minute tape."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Heh! We're not paying nine ninety five!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh please! Come on, guys!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Cartman, will you stop this gayness?!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"All right all right, here's ten dollars! [takes out the bill and hands it to the cashier]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,That's not what I meant!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Michael,"All right, just come over here and stand in front of the green screen. [Cartman walks over to the screen] What kind of song do you want?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Something hot and spicy.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"The cashier puts on various music tracks, first song is a rock song."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Spicier.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,Next is Latin song
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Spicierrr!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Next song is a Latin mix. This is agreeable, so the video is made."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"""Jennifer Lopez: Taco-Flavored Kisses"" is shown, The hand has its costume on hanging down from it."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Burrito. Taco taco. Burrito. Taco. Taco taco. Don't think that just because I got a lot of money I'll give you taco-flavored kisses, honey! Fulfill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses. Taco taco. Burrito Burri...to. Taco taco."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Michael,"You know, I've seen a lot of videos here at the mall, and that was by far the best!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, gracias, ""Machel""! [the cashier's tag reads ""Michael""]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Michael,"Hey, I've got a friend who's interning at a big record label in L.A. I'll send a copy on to him and maybe he'll get the bigwigs to see it."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, gracias, Machel, gracias!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Can we go now, please?!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Yeah, I wanna leave."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Stop it, Cartman!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,What?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"BHI records, L.A. day. The tape is being played on a massive screen in an office."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Fulfill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses.Taco taco.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"She's fantastic. Who is she? [two men sit on a sofa, one sits on an armchair]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 1,"[with brown hair] Believe it or not, her name is Jennifer Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 2,[in armchair] That makes sense. She reminds me of J-Lo.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"Yeah, but she's younger and spicier."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Taco taco. Burrito Burri...to. Taco taco.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 2,I don't think J-Lo would like it very much if we signed this new girl.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"No, you're right. We're gonna have to fire J-Lo."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. The phone rings in the kitchen and he answers it."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Hello? ...BHI records? ...Oh, it's for you, Ms. Lopez. [hands the phone to ""her""]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, si si siiih. Allo!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,What do they want?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[looks at Cartman] Just a second, I'm trying to hear."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,S'awright?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"S'awright. [returns to ""her"" call] Yes yes, this is Ms. Hrrrlopez. Uh huh. [gasps and screams ""her"" head off]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,What? What?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Oh my God I can't believe it!!!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[puts the phone to his ear] Hello, are you still there?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,They want to sign me to the record company!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,You want to sign Ms. Lopez?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh my God, it's happening for me!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Yes! Yes, we can record an album next week! Sure we can write ten songs! We'll start tonight!! [hangs up and grins] We're gonna be rich!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,We're gonna be famose!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Come on, we gotta get to work on some songs! [runs off]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. Cartman is on his bed writing away on a notepad."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,There. That's three more songs we've written already! Your style of music is so easy it doesn't require any thought at all!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, si si siiih."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[scoots back to his bedside lamp and turns it off, then settles under the covers] Okay, Ms. Lopez, time to go to sleep. [rubs off her open eyes and paints some closed lids on his hand.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Ohh, I'm so sleeeepyyy."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Good night, Ms. Lopez. Tomorrow is gonna be a great day. Great day tomorrow... [begins to dream of taunting Kyle] Tomorrow..."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,His dream begins at the bus stop
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"""Kyle, you were wrong! We did do a record deal!"" [in class, sitting next to each other] ""You were wrong, Kyle!"" [in the cafeteria, as Kyle walks by with his lunch] ""Nananananaaana!"" [on the bus ride home] ""Hahahahahaaaha!"" [images of Kyle come forth, crying] ""Nananananaaana!"" ""Hahahahahaaaha!"" [in his sleep] Awesommme. Yeeessss."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,[has dreams of its own] Aaahhhh. Aaahhhh.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,An Oscar ceremony. Two Oscars stand guard over a red carpet. On either side of the carpet is a crowd of people. A limo pulls up and a hand floats out of it.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Man 1,Ms. Lopez! Up here!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Man 2,"Jennifer, We love you Jennifer!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Man 3,"Jennifer, over here."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Man 4,Jennifer!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"A concert. Her first single is thumping away, and she appears as just a hand, floating over the stage floor."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Female fan,[stageside] We love you Jennifer! [roses land onstage. Shots of three magazines follow.]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,[back to Cartman's room] Aaahhhh.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"BHI Records, Los Angeles, day. The president and his men are in a meeting when he looks up."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"Ah, Ms. Lopez, come on in."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"[carrying a toy poodle takes a seat and removes her glasses] Yo, make it quick. I got a video shoot at two and a script reading at five."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"Yes, well uh, Ms. Lopez, we regret to inform you that, uh... we're dropping you from the label."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,What? Oh no you di'n't!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 1,"We wanna thank you for all your hard work and ...""talent""."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,[pounds her table] You can't drop me! I'm Jennifer Lopez! How can you drop me?!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"Wu-well a very talented younger singer has come to our attention and, and the truth of the matter is her name happens to be Jennifer Lopez as well. And we really can't have two here at BHI Records."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,Who the hell is this other Jennifer Lopez?! Where is she come from?!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 1,"Well, she lives in South Park, Colorado now, but uh I believe she originally from Mexico, just like you."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,I don't come from no Mexico! I'm Puer'ah Rican!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"Whatever. Look, it's nothing personal, we just think you need to move on."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 2,Bu- AND you're a mean-spirited bitch who spits on people who aren't rich and famous.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"A limousine, from the back seat. A small TV is on near the floor, behind the driver."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Reporter,And sources say that the new film will star Ben Affleck.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"[sitting at the other end of the passenger cabin] Huhuhuh, that's me. [a door opens opposite him and J-Lo enters] How'd it go, baby?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"Terrible, Ben! Some girl in Colorado is trying to become the new Jennifer Lopez! [her dog begins to bark] Shut up! [a few more barks and she tosses it out the window.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,What?? Who could replace you??
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,[tries to get the driver's attention] Yo driver. Stupid driver!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Driver,"[looks back] Yes, ma'am. Where to?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"Take me to South Park, Colorado! I'm gonna kill that bitch!!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids file in to class. Many of them are already seated. Butters is looking out the window."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,[runs up] Hey everybody! Listen up! I've got something to tell Kyle! [Slience.]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,[decide to answer] ...What?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[approaches him] Hahahahahaaaha! Hahahahahaaaha! Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahahahahahaha!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,What are you gloating about?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Oh, I'm not gloating. I just got a little call from a record company in Los Angeles and, they want Ms. Lopez to record an album next week."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kids in Class,"Wow, really?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,No!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[a slight gloat arises] Yup, looks like I'm gonna be rich. [nods to his hand] And famous."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's take our seats. If you'll remember yesterday we were discussing state capitals."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Butters,"[pipes up and turns to the class] Hey, a big limousine just pulled up in front of the school!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Garrison,"Butters, will you pay attention, please?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Butters,"Holy smokes, it's Jennifer Lopez!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Jennifer Lopez?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Yes?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Butters,"Holy geez wow! There's Ben Affleck, too!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,A boy,"Wow, cool! [the kids leave their seats and head for the window]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Garrison,"Will you kids shut up? [puts his book away and walks to the window] Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are not-! Oh my God, that's Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck. [the limo has pulled up. Jennifer and Ben climb out of the limo and the driver directs them to the office.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Slave,"Oh Jesus, will you look at those boots?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Garrison,Well what are we waiting for? Let's get outside! [rushes out and the cheering class and Mr. Slave follow]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, outside, later. Word gets around and all of the school comes out to see for itself."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Principal Victoria,Is it true? Jennifer Lopez is here?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mr. Mackey,Here she comes! Here she comes!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"Okay! What smart-mouthed little punk-ass bitch has been saying they're the new Jennifer Lopez, huh?!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Principal Victoria,"[Mr. Adler takes a picture] J-Lo, can we get a picture of you with the kids?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"[begins pacing] No! Shut up! If I find the ho who thinks she's taken my career from me, I'm gonna wring her pretty little neck! [reaches the other end of the crowd] So, nobody want's to fess up, huh? Too scared to talk?! You'd better remember, bitch, that I'll come and take you down if you ever say anythin' again! [walks away]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[a few seconds later...] You can suck my culo, chica! [Cartman looks up, stunned, as Jennifer Lopez returns to the crowd]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,[looks around] Who was that?! [all the kids back away from Cartman while pointing at him] You go' a problem?!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Not me!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,Then who? [Cartman brings out his hand and points to it with the other]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Hola, bitchola! [Cartman is looking ever more fearful]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,What the hell is that?!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"My name is Hennifer Hlopez! And I like tacos, and burritos."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,That? That's what replaced me?!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,I'm sure it was just a mistake.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Only mistake was when this ghetto trash got signed in the first place!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Shut your God-damned mouth!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"[picks Cartman up by the scruff of his jacket] You fucking smartass, who do you think you are?!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Nobody!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I am Yennifer Hrlopez! I eat tacos, and burritos!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,Fuck you! [begins to assault Cartman's hand]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Yaaaaah! Wait! I'm sorry! Ah I'll stop! I'll stop!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,You'd better stop!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,I will!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"[walks up to join Jennifer] Come on, Jenny, let's go."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Bebe,"Wow, Ben Affleck."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,We should be getting back to the... [something grabs his attention. Cartman looks away. Ben begins to fall for this new Jennifer Lopez]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"Don' you forget what'll happen to you, ho! Come on, Benny!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"She drags him off, but he glances back at the new Jennifer Lopez. He follows the original Lopez into the limousine, looking back one more time. As the limo leaves, Ben looks back one more time with his hands up against the glass as if blowing a kiss. The crowd then disperses."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Well, there you go, fatass! I hope you learned your lesson."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Yeah. I sure did. I don't think I should record that album now.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,Good.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,[rises once more] Or maybe I shou-ould.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Aw, God-dammit!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Ohnonono, Ms. Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Ohsisisi, senor."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,That does it. I'm out. [walks off]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, where are you going, Kyle? Come give me kisses!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Music Lab Recording Studios, night."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 1,"All right, Ms. Lopez, take it from the top. [music begins. Cartman is on a stool with his puppet at his side.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Baby let's make a run for the border, I've got a hunger only tacos can stop. I know exactly what I'll order Three tacos two tostadas and a soda pop."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,"Gentlemen, we have ourselves a hit."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I need to make a run for the border, If you pay I'll take off my top. Do you remember what I want to order? Three tacos two tostadas and a soda pop. Yeah-eah, and don't forget the hot sauce, Cholo!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. He's asleep, dreaming."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Don't think just because I got money I won't still give you taco-flavored kisses, honey. I'm gonna fulfill all your sexy wishes Give you lots of taco-flavored kisses-"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,What the hell are you doing?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,I'm practicing my dancinngg!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Look, we spent all night at the recording studio. Now it's time to sleep!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Dancing!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Sleep!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Dancing!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[slowly, whiney] Sleep!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[slowly, invitingly] Dancing!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Moooommm! [Cartman's mother enters the room]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Liane,"What's the matter, sweetie?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Ms. Lopez won't go to sleep!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Ben Affleck approaches the front door with a bouquet of flowers and knocks on the door."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,[real tired] He-yesss.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Hey, I was wondering if I could talk to Ms. Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,[hides his left hand] She's not here right now.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,[muffled] Ben? Is that my darling Ben?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Jenny? Yes, Jenny, eheh, it's me! Where are you? Please, I-I have to see her! [Cartman sighs deeply, then shows his hand to Ben]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Ben!!! Oh, you brought me roses!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Jenny, ah Jenny I just can't stop thinking about you. [lowers the bouquet to Cartman, who takes it away angrily]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I can't stop thinking about you either, Ben!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"I've been meaning to write a song or a poem, but I have no talent."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I know, my darleeeng. That's okay."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,Will you just take a ride with me in my awesome car?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh Ben, I would LOVE to!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,NO!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"'Scuse me one second, Ben. [whips towards Cartman] Don't you ruin this opportunity for me! How can you stand in the way of this?!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,I'm not going out in his car.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,I'm not gonna let you blow this one chance I have.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,I don't care. I'm supposed to sit here and do my homework. [Ben stars picking his nose]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Don't you dare [becomes unintelligible]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"I don't care, 'cause I'm the one that's gonna get in trouble if you don't-! Okay, okay, wait, okay um, fine fine fine!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Okay, Ben, let's go!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,A mountain road. Ben and Cartman drive along at a fast clip.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh Ben, I am soo happy! The cool breeze blowing through my hair in your sexy automobile."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,Let's spend the whole day together!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"A soft song plays. The next scene is a dawn on a beach, where ""Jennifer Lopez"" and Ben run side by side. Cartman looks tired. Next is a restaurant where Ben has some wine while ""Jennifer Lopez"" enjoys a martini. Next scene, they're watching a movie together. ""Jennifer Lopez"" has her own seat between Ben and Cartman. Bem stretches and puts his hand on the headrest behind ""Jennifer Lopez"". Cartman looks, then looks away angrily. Next scene is at a jewelry store, where Ben picks out some earrings for ""Jennifer Lopez"". ""Jennifer Lopez"" opens her mouth in delight and Ben smiles. Next scene, Ben is resting on Cartman's lap and chatting with ""Jennifer Lopez"". Again, Cartman looks away in disgust. Last scene is undercover photos taken of Ben and ""Jennifer Lopez"", which end up on The National Inquisition."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh Ben, you are so perfect, so spectacularrr in every way You bring light into my life, Ben. You almost make me forget all about... Tacos! Oh, tacos, so good in my tummy yummy yummy give me more. I love you, Ben. You almost make me forget about... Tacos......"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Jenny, I have to tell you something. I... I think I love you."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Hoohh, I love you too, Ben! [Cartman looks away in disgust] But..."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,But what?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,But what if you still have feelings for the slut with the large ass?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"[pulls off to the side, with South Park in view.] I still care for her. Maybe I always will. But... You just have so much more going on. Up here. [strokes the top of Cartman's hand]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Oh Ben. Beennn.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Jenny, can I kiss you?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,[reacts] NO!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Yes! Oh yes, Ben, kiss me! [Cartman looks in wonder as his hand gets a mind of its own]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Aw, God dammit! [looks away in disgust once more. Ben begins to give French kisses to ""Jennifer Lopez"" and the hand responds] Aww- awww, dude!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Mmm, just like tacos."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Taco-flavored kisses for my Ben.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"You're so hot, baby."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I make you hot, Ben?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Mm, yeah. [grabs the hand and kisses it for a while, then lets go. The hand drops down into Ben's pants] Oh, Jenny. [the zipper goes down on his pants] Oh Jenny! [""Jennifer Lopez"" bobs up and down]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,[pops up to say] Ben... [drops down again]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Oh God, Jenny!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, Ben, I adore you! [Cartman looks at Ben's actions, then at what his hand is doing...]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"OHH, SICK!! AWW THAT'S IT! [opens his door, hops out, and walks away] WE'RE LEAVING NOW!!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,But I love her!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Ben!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Jenny! Jenny, I'll call you!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I love you, Ben!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Music Lab Recording Studio, night. ""Jennifer Lopez"" is recording new tracks. Cartman is practically sleeping on the job as his hand belts out new tunes."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Ooo baby baby, can I have your tacos? Two tacos chulo, too. I'm just Jenny from the hood. Ooo, can I have your tacos? Oh- stop. Stop, stop. STOP!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[the band stops playing] What the hell is wrong with you?! You cholos can't even keep a beat! I deserve better than thees! I an Hennifer Lopez! Where is my water?! [a page brings ""her"" a bottle of water. ""Jennifer Lopez"" knocks it onto the floor] Not Evian, Pellegrino, you stupid beetch!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Ooo baby baby, can I have your tacos?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 2,"Uh, that's fine Ms. Lopez. Look, it's been a long night. Why don't we pick it up in the morning?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Fine my ass, cholo! [Cartman wakes up and looks at his hand] I'll tell you when it's fine!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Music Lab Recording Studio, night, back entrance. Cartamn exits and goes down three steps."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Stupid idiots! How am I supposed to make an album with those cholos?! [a bat hits a car nearby]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,[stands next to the car she just bashed] You little snot-nose! [Cartman is taken aback] You ruin my career and now you're trying to steal my man?! [holds up the tabloid shown earlier]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Aww crap.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,You'd better stay away from him! [begins whacking away at Cartman's hand]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,OW! OW! OH JESUS! OW!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, next day. Dr. Doctor is showing Liane, Cartman's mother, an X-ray of her son's hand."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Dr. Doctor,Your son's hand has a hairline fracture and two dislocated fingers.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Liane,Oh dear.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Dr. Doctor,But I'm more concerned about his state of mind. Your son appears to be completely insane.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[on its own hospital bed, with wires attached] Ahhh Ahhhh [Cartman sits in a chair displeased]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"I told you this would happen. [Kyle, Stan and Kenny show up.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, hello guys."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Cartman, you need to stop this stupid little game you're playing!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Oh, Kyle, why you no like meee?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Kyle is right, Ms. Lopez. From now on, we're staying away from Ben Affleck."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,I hate you. [turns right and walks out]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Liane,"Come on, sweetie. Doctor says you need to get home and get lots of rest."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, morning. A cock crows. Cartman, asleep, stretches and wakes up, then glances to his left."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"EHAGH! [next to him is Ben Affleck, naked and relaxed] Moooooommmm! [Ben wakes up]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Liane,"[enters with a cup of coffee and wearing a pink robe] What is it, sweetie?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Ben Affleck is naked in my bed!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Liane,"Oooo, looks like the tooth fairy was extra-happy with you.[backs out of the room and closes the door.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"Buenos dias, my love."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"Good morning, baby."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,You have to get out of here! Jennifer Lopez is gonna kick my ass again!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,He's not going anywhere! Ben and I were up all night making love.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,What? Oh- AWWW! [wipes his hand off on his pajamas] Ben Affleck's spooge!!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,Should we tell him the news?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,What news?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,I think we should tell him.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,It's S'aright?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,S'aright.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,S'aright.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,We're getting married!!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Oh, balls!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. He, Stan and Kenny watch TV on the couch. The doorbell rings."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,Come in. [the bell rings again.] COME IN!! [Cartman enters wearing an oven mitt over his left hand.]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"[sad] Guys, I need to talk to you."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,What's the matter?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"I can't handle it anymore. All the fame and the Ben Affleck spooge, I... I just can't go on living with Ms. Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,So stop doing it!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Stop doing what?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,You know God-damn well what! Now get outta here!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Please, you guys. It's like, I can't even have a moment to myself anymore. See? [removes the oven mitt and ""Jennifer Lopez"" emerges coughing]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Don't you dare ever do that to me again!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Aw, stop it, Cartman! Your hand doesn't need to breathe!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,You try being in an oven mitt for two hours!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,I can see your lips moving!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"I can see your lips moving too, culo!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,See?! I just saw your lips move!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,Look! I'm just asking you guys for help. Will you please help me with Ms. Lopez.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,What's she doing?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Come here! [drags Stan off to the dining room] You're not actually buying this crap, are you?!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,"I don't know, meh, maybe he can't help it."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"Look, he knows full well what he's doing, and he's just waiting for us to buy into it, and then he'll laugh and point at our faces and say, [Kyle does a pretty solid impression of Cartman] ""Haha, I got you guys to believe me!"" ""You guys are stupid!"""
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,"Dude, do you really he would go through all this just to make us look dumb?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"YES, dude! [they then walk back into the living room]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Stan,"Cartman, we decided that if you can be mature and admit to everyone that you've gotten yourself into this mess, then we'll help you."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Okay, okay, I know that I control everything Ms. Lopez does."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Oh no you don't!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Quiet, Ms. Lopez."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,Out! [walks off. Stan and Kenny follow him out]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"Guys... Uh... Uh... [dejected, he turns away and walks out the front door]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"Outside, day. Cartman reaches the sidewalk when he sees something."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"There you are, Jenny! I've been lookin' all over for you, baby! [Cartman decides to run in the other direction] Jenny? [Cartman sees a car pull up in front of him and then...]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 1,"Ms. Lopez, you were due in the studio two hours ago! Come on! [Cartman decides to ran back towards Ben, but runs into a pair of female legs]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"[disheveled, wielding a running chainsaw over her head] So you're gettin' married, huh? [revs up the motor, and Cartman makes his escape, screaming. In the background, Stan, Kyle, and Kenny have stepped out the door to see what's going on.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,Don't you hurt her!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,We'll sue you!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,Oh Jesus.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"A bridge over a wide river, day. Jennifer Lopez has followed Cartman here. Cartman screams. A police car pulls up from the other end of the bridge. The driver steps out, and both officers draw their guns at Jennifer Lopez, now unrecognizable."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Police Officer 1,"Freeze, leafblower! [she drops the chainsaw and holds her hands up]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 1,Arrest that woman! She wants to kill one of our artists! [the arrest is made]
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Police Officer 2,"All right, you're going downtown, bean-breath."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,"[rushes up to ""Jennifer Lopez""] Jenny! Oh, I thought I was going to lose you! Let's run away and get married tonight!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Aide 2,"Hey, she can't get married tonight, she has a recording session! [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny arrive]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Ben,Our love is like rain!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"That's what you said about me, asshole!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Quiet!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,Get her out of here!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,Fuck you!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Police Officer 2,"Shut up, picante pants!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,Everyone be quiet! [Everyone stops what they're doing and look at the hand] I'm... I'm not who you think I am.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,BHI President,You're not?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"No. It was all a lie. A lie I cannot continue anymore. I am not Hennifer Lopez. I am... [Cartman rips off the small wig he had on his hand and delivers a new voice] ...Mitch Conner. [everyone, including Kyle, gasps]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Police Officer 2,Who's Mitch Conner?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mitch Conner,"Just your run of the mill con man. I've been moving from town to town, scamming people since I was fifteen. But I'm tired of runnin'."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"[exasperated] Oh no, no, no."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mitch Conner,"I've been a cheat all my life. And now I've ruined a singer's career, lost a record company millions, and cost this little boy his precious time."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,Stop. It.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Mitch Conner,"Mostly, I'm sorry to you, Ben. I'm sorry I played Tiddly Winks with your heart. [Ben begins to sob. Cartman walks to one side of the bridge] But it's over now. The cyanide pill I took should be taking effect very soon. Hmph, looks like the sun is goin' down. I wonder, will I dream? [as the sun drops below the horizon, Cartman opens his hand and a gust of wind is heard. Whatever was possessing the hand parted. Ben sobs once more as Cartman just stares in wonder]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Police Officer 2,"Well, looks like Mitch Conner has cashed in his last chips. [everyone disperses except the boys. Ben stays on for a second, but he too leaves.]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"[the boys step forward] Dude, who the hell is Mitch Conner?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,"I don't know, Kyle, all right? Look, I don't care what you guys believe. But with all the crazy stuff that goes on in this town, isn't it possible, just possible, that something I don't understand happened here?"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Kyle,"[resigns] All right. [Cartman beams] All right, I guess it's possible."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman,[dances back to the other three boys] Hahahahahaaaha! [into Kyle's face] I got you kinda! I got you kinda!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Scene Description,"A fast-food Mexican Restaurant, La Taco. People are enjoying their food, one person is waiting for his order, and there are employees behind the counter. One of them looks familiar."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Manager,"Okay, Ms. Lopez, over here we have the toppings station. This is where all your cheeses and lettuce will go on. [a man carrying a large bowl walks up behind Lopez and bumps into her]"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,"[jumping to one side] Ow. Look out, muffinhead!"
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Manager,"Ahh, look, Ms. Lopez, uh, if you're gonna be a member of the La Taco family, you're gonna have to learn to get along with people."
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,Get a what with who?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Manager,Uh why don't you start chopping those onions and I'll come check on you a little later?
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Jennifer Lopez,[begins chopping the onions] This is bullshit! How the fuck did I end up working at a La Taco?! I had six platinum records and I starred in five Hollywood movies!
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Coworker,Yeah. Meee too.
Fat Butt and Pancake Head,Cartman as Jennifer Lopez,"[as credits roll] Oh Ben, you are so perfect, so spectacularrr in every way You bring light into my life, Ben. You almost make me forget all about... Tacos! Oh, tacos, so good in my tummy yummy yummy give me more. I love you, Ben. You almost make me forget about... Tacos..."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"South Park neighborhood, day. The boys walk up to Butters' house. Stan knocks on the door. The door opens and Butters' father looks out."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Chris,"Yes? [looks down] Oh, hello, boys."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Hello, sir. South Park Junior Detectives. We're wondering if you have any crimes to be solved, for a dollar."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Chris,"Oooo, little crime stoppers, huh? Well, I'm afraid I don't have any crimes I need solved right now."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Awww, shit!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"All right, sir, well, please call us if you need anything. [offers up a business card]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Chris,"I'll do that. Have fun, boys. [steps back and closes the door. The boys turn and walk away]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Stupid assholes! [turns and follows] How come nobody has a crime to solve?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Yeah, maybe starting a detective club isn't such a great idea."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"It's a great idea, we just have to keep working at it. [moments later they reach a pink house and Stan knocks again. The door opens and an elderly woman looks out]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"Oh, hello there boys."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Hello, ma'am, we're detectives with the South Park Crime Unit. Do you have any crimes you need solved, for a dollar?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"Ohh, neighborhood detectives, huh? Well let me thi-oh yes! There is something!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,Really?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"Yes. Two days ago I put a fresh baked cherry pie out on my window sill to cool. [Stan and Kyle look over at the window] And later, when I went to get it, it was gone."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,My God...
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Have you reported this to any other authorities?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"Noo, but I think it's a perfect case for you kids."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Cool! We'll see what we can find, ma'am."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,We're on the case.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Mrs. Farnickle's house, backyard."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"What have you got, Marsh?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Detective McCormick found something interesting. [a shot of Kenny, who just raises his arm and point to his right. The camera pans to Duke, the house pet, licking off the last of the pie]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"[puts a hand on Kyle, looks away and closes his eyes] Jesus, we're too late."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,I think we can piece this case together now.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Mrs. Farnickle's house, living room. She and her husband sit back in arm chairs looking at news. The door opens and the boys rush in with the pie tin."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"My pie tin! Oooh, but what happened to the pie?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Well, we've all talked it through and we've come up with a theory."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mr. Farnickle,"Well, what do you think happened, little detectives?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"You said you set the pie in the window sill, where it must have sat for some time. [the scenario shows Mrs. Farnickle setting the pie on the sill, closing the windows and walking away] But its sweet smell attracted the attention of somebody. [Mr. Farnickle shows up at the kitchen window, looking at the pie from inside the kitchen]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Your husband. [he looks closer at it, putting his hands on the window] He wanted that pie badly, but he knew that he was not allowed to eat it yet."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Slowly the rage built inside his mind. [Mr. Farnickle is shown in bed, getting angry. Dramatic lighting enhances the mood] ""Why won't she let me eat that pie? Why does she always stop me from doing what I wanna do?!"" His only solution became obvious: Kill her!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,His plan was to use a hammer.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Bash, bash, BASH your skull in, causing instant death. [the scenario shows Mr. Farnickle walking up behind his wife as she dusts the TV and whacking her three times, killing her and fracturing her skull]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Then to make it impossible for police to identify the body, he'd use a shovel to remove your head. [the man plunges the shovel through the woman's neck and cleaves the head from the body. Blood pours out and stains the carpet]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,Then saw off the arms and legs. [shown in all its graphic glory]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"The torso he would dump into the lake. [Mr. Farnickle tosses his wife's torso over the side of his boat, then watches as the torso heads for the lake bottom]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"The arms and legs he would dissolve with acid and lye in the bathtub. [the man is shown tossing the second leg into the tub, then stirring the solution so that the leg would sink in and disappear]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"And then, finally, he'd be able to eat that pie."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"But before he could go through with his entire plan, he discovered that the pie had already been eaten... [a new scenario: the man now has the hammer, but the pie is gone when he checks up on it] ...by your dog. [a shot of Duke eating the pie in his doghouse]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Looks like the game is over, old man! [the surprised couple looks at them]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"Oh my God, what kind of television have you kids been watching??"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Just the news.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"All right, all right, you you boys run along now."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[stays behind] Hey, you owe us a dollar, lady."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mrs. Farnickle,"Fine, here, just go! [gives him the dollar, and he joins the others outside]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Wow, look, you guys! Our first dollar! [shows off a crisp new one-dollar bill]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,We're in business!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"A basement, some time later. The dollar bill is newly framed and hung on a wall in ... Cartman's basement, which is now the South Park Detectives headquarters. Pictures of suspects are on the wall below the framed dollar, a chalkboard has some instructions listed, and some suspects already interviewed are listed on the wall beneath the stairs. Kyle puts a file away in a filing cabinet as the other boys do other tasks."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Kenny, you got the f-a-g on that perp in Washington."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Liane,"Boys, you have a little visitor. [a little girl descends the stairs past Liane]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Girl,Is this the South Park Crime Unit?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,The boys,Ah! Oh. [they jump up and leave their tasks to meet their first client]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Yes it is!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Girl,I lost my dolly.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"[waving his mom off] Thank you, Ms. Secretary, that will be all. [Liane goes upstairs. Cartman looks up] And get us some more cookies and coffee! We're not paying you to sit on your ass!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,Do you know where your doll is?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Girl,"If I knew where it was, it wouldn't be lost."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"All right, Sarah, come over here. [everyone moves over to Kenny's desk. Sarah hops up on the witness chair] Now, I want you to describe what the doll looks like to our sketch artist, Kenny."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Sarah,[Kenny begins to draw as she talks] She has curly blonde hair. And a wed dress. And a turned-up nose. And a blue bow in her hair.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"You got it, Ken? [Kenny finishes and nods]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"All right, let's see. [Kenny turns the paper around and shows off a crudely-drawn woman with huge, olive-shaped boobs] Dammit Kenny, that's not what she said!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Put that away, dude! [Kenny walks up to a small bulletin board of KeNnY'S mOST WANtED women, all of which have large boobs]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Don't worry, ma'am. We'll find your doll."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Sarah's house, day. The boys swarm into the girl's bedroom and check out all the possibilities."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,No sign of forced entry.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,[at the window] But the window isn't locked.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[turns to address Cartman] Right, so it's possible that the thief sat out in that tree. [the scenario begins. A view into the bedroom from the tree at night] He would have watched Sarah with her doll, possibly while cutting the palms of his hands with a large knife. [a hand appears, then the opposite hand with a knife. The knife cuts the first hand as Sarah drops her doll on the bedroom floor] The pain gave him sick pleasure."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,Disposing of the doll wouldn't be easy. He would have had to have brought a shovel to decapitate it.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,We're going to need semen samples from everything in this room.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"As they pause, another group of boys swarm in and start their own investigation."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,A Boy,"All right, let's do this by the books! McDonnell, [one boy steps forward] give me smears of all the places the doll used to be! [goes off to get samples] Mitchell, [another boy steps forward] run a tap on the phone! [goes off to tap the phone]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[approaches the boy] Hey, kid, what are you doing?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,The Boy,"Agent Tucker, FBI! And you?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Detective Marsh. I'm in charge of this investigation!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,"...Not anymore, you're not!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Hey, this is our case! You can't come in and take over!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,Can't we? You guys are playing Detectives. We're playing FBI. That gives us jurisdiction over you!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Aw crap!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,"I want choppers on the roof ready to go! [one of his friends goes to the window, the other two head out of the room]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Dude, we've been working this case since two-thirty!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,Good. Then you can help us by telling me everything you know.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Sarah's house, afternoon, outside. The boys have been kicked out by the FBI boys and head for the sidewalk."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Son of a bitch stupid FBI!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Well, I guess we can go back to playing laundromat."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,No! We're not gonna stop playing detectives! We've just gotta find that little girl's doll before those FBI guys do.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Yeah, but how?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,We're gonna have to just start bringing in people for questioning.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Right. I think I know exactly where to start.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Cartman's basement, later. The boys have called Butters in and he's confused, being under the spotlight."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"[thinks hard of how to start the interrogation] Where were you this morning at nine o'clock, Butters?!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,"Ah, I was at home."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Your story is full of holes and I'm gonna beat your ass if you don't start tellin' the truth! [behind him, Stan and Kyle watch from a makeshift booth]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,"[patting Butters' shoulder] (Awww, don't be so mean. Butters is our friend, huh?) [Butters smiles]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,[behind the booth] They've gotten really good at this good-cop bad-cop thing.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"You're going down, Butters! You hear me?!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,"(Aw, now don't say that. Poor little kid.)"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,You're a worthless two-dollar criminal and you're lying!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,"(Aww, it's okay, little fella.)"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,Well I don't have nothin' to confess. Honestly.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Fine! Then you won't mind giving us a semen sample. [holds out a cup for Butters to take]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,How do I do that?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,You just make the semen come out of your body and put it in this cup!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,Well how do I make semen... come out of my body?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Stop playing games!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,I'm not playing. I really don't know!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"That does it! Wait right here! [goes behind the booth and laughs] Guys, did you hear that? Butters doesn't know how you make semen come out of your body."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,How... do you make semen come out?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,I don't know. I was hoping you guys did.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,It's that thing we learned about in school where you pull on your wiener until white stuff comes out.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Really?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Ohh, right, you're supposed to pull and master-benate your wiener really fast."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Oh okay. [returns to the table] Okay, retard, you really don't know how to make semen come out?!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,No!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Follow me to the bathroom. [goes upstairs]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,"[soothing] (Aw, it's okay, kid. It's not going to hurt.) [Butters hops off the chair and follows Cartman upstairs]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,The Cartman hallway. Cartman takes Butters to the restroom.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Now, go sit on the toilet and pull and tug on your wiener until white stuff comes out, and then put it in this cup."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,My wiener??
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Yes, retard. Semen comes from your wiener. Now do it! [Butters grabs the door handle and shuts the door. Cartman waits for a few second before doing anything] Well, Butters?!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,"Ah I'm pullin' on my wiener, but nothin's happening."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Well pull harder!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,...ow... Ow... It's not workin'.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Try doin' it faster.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,"[increasing the speed] Ow. Ow. Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow. Naw, nothin'."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Butters, do you wanna go to jail for the rest of your life?!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,NOOooo!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,The you'd better get that semen sample no matter how long it takes!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,Okay!!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,[rushing up with Kyle and Kenny] Cartman! Cartman! We just got a tip that a doll was found near Fosse's house!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Let's go! [They leave. Butters remains in the bathroom]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,...ow... Ow!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Fosse's house, a nice rambling house. Cartman approaches the front door as Stan, Kyle, and Kenny stand off to one side. He turns and places his back against the wall, then sneaks up to a window. He looks in just a bit. Inside, Fosse plays with a doll... red dress, turned-up nose, blonde curly hair with two blue bows attached... just as Sarah had described. The two boys giggle as they play."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,"Huhuh, Okay Ms., Ms. Jones, heh, me and Doctor... Flick here just need to... check your vagina. [pulls up the front of the doll's dress and giggles with Bill]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,That's gay. [giggles with Fosse]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,"Yeah, that's gay. [Cartman looks in intently. He then turns his back against the wall and backs away with his water pistol drawn]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,[in hushed tones] Kyle!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Kyle looks on as Cartman starts signing to him. Cartman holds up his index finger and shows the fleshy side to Kyle, then points two fingers to his own eyeballs, then turns the fingers out and shows them, then motions inside with his thumb, then makes a grabbing gesture, then something like a fist, then a thumbs-up, then a fist turned out, then points to Kyle, then points again, then taps the side of his own head, then makes a J sign on his head, then rests."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,What? [Cartman repeats the gestures again] What??
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"[repeats the gestures] I see two guys inside. They have Sarah Peterson's doll, you stupid Jew!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"[gasps, then with determination, in hushed tones] They've got the doll! [he, Stan, and Kenny move in and the four boys take positions around the door. Kyle stands at the door, Cartman and Kenny on either side, Stan at Kyle's back]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[in hushed tones] Okay, okay. Ready? Break the door down! [Kenny turns and rings the bell. Inside, Bill and Fosse stop their play and go to the door]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,Huh huh who is it?!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,South Park Junior Detectives! We know you have Sarah Peterson's doll!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,[giggles] They're playing Detective. [they giggle]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,That's gay. [they giggle]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,"[calls out] You're gay! [outside, the boys lower their guns.]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,What do we do now?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,I don't know.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Well if they're not gonna give us back the doll, then we have no choice. Let's go tell on them. [hops down from the porch and walks away]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Dude, we just can't tell on them."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Why not?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Because, dude, we're playing detectives! Detectives don't just go tell on people."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,"[from inside] Detectives! [Cartman returns, and the camera angle switches to the living room. Bill and Fosse have made the doll a hostage, having tied her up on a chair. Fosse continues, giggling] If you don't get out of here, we're gonna rip the doll's head off!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,Yeah.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,We were playing gynecologists and now we're playing criminals.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,That's gay.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,We're gay.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Jesus! They're gonna kill her!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,We've got to do something.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Time! Time is what we need, but time is something we ain't got!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,"[offscreen] Attention! You in the house! [the other kids are shown, with their own little car] This is Agent Tucker with the FBI! We have you surrounded. Sort of."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[he and the others approach the FBI kids] Hey, you butt-holes can't play FBI here!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Yeah! This was our hot lead!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,"And you did a great job leading us here. Now you just stay out of our way! [into the megaphone] The gig is up, Fosse! Bring out the doll! Or we'll tell on you!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,We're gonna charge the front door and go get it.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,No you're not.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Dammit man, this is not the time for negotiations! There's a little doll in there about to have her head twisted off!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,"Climb off, kid! We say you can't charge the front door, and you have to obey what the FBI says! That's the rules!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Just because your parents can afford better toys than ours doesn't make you better than us!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,Yes it does so! [a long pause]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,...Grrrr!!! [the boys turn and walk away]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,(What do we do now?)
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,We go get the doll ourselves.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,But they said we can't charge the front door.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,That's right. [cocks his left hand] But they didn't say anything about going in the back.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Tucker,Come on guys. You don't wanna hurt that doll.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,"Huhuh. [notices the SP boys coming in] Oh crap, they're coming in the back! [the shootout begins. The boys fan out and make firing noises as they aim at Bill and Fosse. Bill and Fosse return fire with their own noises] That's gay. [he and Fosse hide behind an armchair]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[pops up from the couch and fires away, using the back of the couch as a shield] Bang bang bang! I got you, Fosse!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,No you didn't!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Did so!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,"No, 'cause I got... special wizard armor on."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"We're not playing Dungeons and Dragons, ass-face!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"All right, that does it! Cover me! I'm going slo-mo! [moves out from behind the couch, shooting slowly but walking normally] Wwwaaahhh!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,"[makes sweeping gestures with his hands] Oooh, they got me! [falls a bit further with each] Whooaaa, whooaaa, whooaaa. [now fully stretched on the floor, closes his eyes as if dead]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,"[follows suit] rr uh rr uh, uhhhh. [makes like he's dead]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Fosse,[opens his eyes and giggles] We're dead.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bill,[opens his eyes and giggles] That's gay.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[getting the doll after he, Kyle and Kenny approach the chair] We got it."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Sarah's house, later. Stan and the boys walk up to the house again. Stan knocks on the door, and Sarah's mother answers."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Ms. Peterson, is your daughter home?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Sarah,[appears at the doorway and lights up as she runs for her doll] My dolly! [gets it and holds it tight]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,We got her back safe. Lost a lot of good men in the process.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Sarah's Mom,Well you boys are little heroes. I'm going to call the police department and let them know what brave little detectives you are! [the boys smile proudly]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. This building is much bigger than the building Barbrady upholds the law from in South Park."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"Hello there little crime stoppers, I'm Lieutenant Dawson with the Park County Police. I heard you did a great job finding Sarah Peterson's doll."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"We do what we can, sir."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"Well, that's fantastic, kids. And for all your terrific sleuth-solving, I'm hereby making you all Junior Detectives. [hands out badges]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,[Kyle opens his] Wow! [the others have similar reactions]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,That means you boys are now an official part of the department.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Kewl!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"All right, so ready for your first assignment?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Sure.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,Okay. There's a meth lab down at 567 Mala Vista. The operators are probably armed to the hilt with illegal weapons. I want you to get down there and see what you can find!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,Ah... a a a meth lab?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"[sits at his desk] I don't want any problems. Just take 'em down by the books. Now get over there; the mayor's all over my ass on this one! [the boys turn to leave] On, and deputies: you screw this up and I'll have you working graveyard shift behind a desk! Move it! [the boys run off]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,Nighttime in the boondocks. The boys walk along a barren stretch of road.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"What is a meth lab, anyway?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,I don't know. Let's just hurry up. I wanna get home in time to watch Crime Drama. [they turn and walk towards a large building in the distance]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,The meth lab. Three men sit around a table as a fourth man works behind them. The junior detectives approach the front door. Stan knocks. The men inside quickly arm themselves.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Uh police. Open up. ...Oh crap, did you guys do your math homework?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Nah. Dude, I totally spaced it. [windows begin breaking as shots are fired at the boys]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Man 1,"You die, pigs! [gunfire continues breaking windows] You want to die, huh? [loses control of the gun, which causes a bullet to ricochet and hit some flammable liquids. A fire erupts and begins to spread, torching one of the man's friends. The burning friend breaks through the front door and runs out. The first man and another man hop into a truck and break through the garage door. The passenger pulls out his gun]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Man 3,"You won't take us alive! [their truck hits a ramp and goes into the air, twisting to the left and ending up in the middle of a road. Another truck arrives and its driver honks his horn. The oncoming truck strikes the disabled truck and pushes it along. At a nearby intersection, a car strikes the disabled truck and that truck blows up. Three burning people get out of the truck and run around. The fourth man in the meth lab flies a plane]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Man 4,"So long, coppers! [his fuel level hits empty] Oh, shit! [the plane goes straight down and hits the post office and another building. More burning people run around, and the boys can barely believe what they're seeing]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,Damn.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Park County Police Dept., Dawson's office, later that night. He reads the police report and paces behind his desk."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"One UPS vehicle valued at twenty-five thousand dollars, one civilian vehicle worth sixteen thousand, the second floor of the post office AND a coffee shop valued at sixty thousand! The mayor's gonna have my ass!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Uh, sir, we just kinda got blind-sided by the-"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"You got careless! Now, I don't know how they do things down at that dog-and-pony show they call the Fourth Grade, but here we have rules! Jesus, we don't even have guys to question now, because you killed them all!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,We're sorry.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,One more slip-up like that and I'll have your badges! You hear me?! Now hit the showers!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Park County Police Dept., locker room. Three men are changing clothes, so they're all in their briefs. The boys enter."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 1,"Well well well, if it isn't the super-cops. [the officers begin to giggle]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 2,"Hey Murphy, think they'll let me borrow their G.I. Joes?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 4,"Come on, you guys. Leave them alone."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,"[Officer 1] Relax, Hopkins! [removes his briefs and drops them to the ground] All fun and games, right? [moves to the end of the lockers and hides behind it, only to peek out] Soho, tell us, rookies, you ah... find yourself a little bonus in that house??"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Uh bonus?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,Come on! We all skim a little off the top. Oh. Or are you too good for that? [walks back to the other officers] You think you're gonna waltz in here and clean up the system. Is that it?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,[softly] We just wanna be junior detectives.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,"LOOK, we all work hard! And we deserve more than the thirty-thousand a year we get paid! So what if we take in a little on the side?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 2,Yeah! Who the hell are you to change that?!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Hopkins,"I said, back off Murphy!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,Why don't you and your rookie friends make us
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 2,"That's right. Come on, bring it!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 3,"Yeah, let's go! Come on, bring it!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,What the hell is the problem here??
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,"No problem, sir. No problem at all."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"Then hit the showers, all of you!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"The shower room, moments later. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are taking their showers. Kyle drops his soap to fart, then picks it up again. Cartman works on his hair."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Dude, I don't wanna play Detective anymore."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Me neither.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"It'll get better, guys."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Better how, dude?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"[puts his soap away] Look, we said we wanted to form a club to protect and serve South Park. We put all this time into it, I mean... What do you guys wanna do, huh? Go back to playing Car Mechanics? Or Laundromat Owners?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,We were happy playing Laundromat Owners.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"I wasn't. We started playing Detective because we wanted our play time to mean something. Or have you forgotten why you joined the force, Kyle?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,[intervening] Hey! Broflovski's a good cop!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"You guys can go back to playing Laundromat Owners if you want, but... I'm not gonna give those kids playing the FBI a chance to laugh at us. I'll see you guys at school tomorrow."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. His door opens, and a tired Cartman walks in."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Awwwwrrr-auugh. [hangs up his coat and holster on the coat tree in the living room]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Liane,"Eric, where have you been? It's ten thirty."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,We had to take down a meth lab on Mala Vista.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Liane,Well you should've called Mommy.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"[turns and snaps at her] Will you get off my back?! It's hard enough I gotta work the beat, and now I gotta come home to your nagging?! [realizes what he's doing, then turns away] Look look, I'm I'm sorry. It's just this case, and... the guys down at the station, I... I'm tired, alright? I'm I'm tired."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Liane,"Well, why don't you get ready for snoogums' night-night, and I'll bring you some toasty chocolate nummers?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,[straightens up and smiles] Okay. [turns and walks off to bed. He passes by the bathroom. Butters is still in there]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,Who-o-o-o-a. Oowwww!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,[stops] Butters?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,Yes?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Are you still trying to give a semen sample?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,"Well I'm tryin', but nothing's comin' out."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,"Well, keep tryin', Butters."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Butters,Okay. [Cartman walks off] Ow. Ooww!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The boys are in class, sleeping. As Butters was at home at 9 am the previous day, this day is Monday."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mr. Garrison,"And so you can see, children, that the women's movement of the late fifties and the early sixties had a profound effect on feminism in America. [turns around and quickly notices the sleeping boys] Uh, boys! [the boys stir and wake up] Would it trouble you terribly not to sleep in my class?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Uh we weren't sleeping, Mr. Garrison."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mr. Garrison,"Oh well, then maybe you can tell me who was in charge of the feminist movement of the early sixties!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,[thinks] A bunch of fat old skanks on their periods?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Mr. Garrison,"Right, but who was the fattest oldest skank on her period?! [the boys look at each other, confused and afraid] That's what I thought! Now pay attention! [turns back to the board] Okay, children, now, the biggest skank of all was was an old fat-ass by the name of-"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,[bursting through the classroom door] Marsh! Broflovski! McCormick! Cartman! In my office! [leaves]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,The boys,[hanging their heads] Eeagh!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Park County Police Department, later. The boys walk in sleepily. Dawson holds a file in his right hand."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,Looks like that meth lab you took down was the tip of the iceberg. They found a paper trail leading all the way to the biggest crime syndicate in Colorado.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Cartman,Uh oh...
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"The operators apparently run their business out of a sleazy strip joint down in Inglewood. They're all cop killers, so I'm sending you in undercover. [the boys look at each other]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Uh, sir, d'I have a lot of homework to do tonight and I was-"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Dawson,"What?! Now you listen to me! I'm givin' you one last chance! You're good cops, but you let your emotions get in the way! And your little ""shoot first ask questions later"" technique has no place in this century! Now you get down to that strip joint and you do it by the books, you got it?! The mayor is on my ass and blablablah! [the boys turn left and walk off. As they head for the entrance they walk down the hall. Around one corner are two of the officers they met in the locker room]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,"So, what did you boys have to say to the lieutenant?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,"Nothing, he just told us a bunch of stuff."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,Maybe you decided you needed to tell him about our... bonus money.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,No. [the boys walk away]
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Officer 2,They're lying.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Murphy,They're dead!
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,"Inglewood, Colorado, night. A big city. The strip club shown is The Peppermint Hippo. Inside there are several dancers undulating for their patrons on individual stages. Other dancers dance on the club floor for individual patrons. The boys enter the club."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Dude, if my mom knew I was in here, I would be in super big trouble."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kenny,"[stops and looks around, then jumps for joy] (Woohoo!!) [rushes up to catch the other boys, who now sit around a small stage]"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stripper,"[bloated woman with a coarse voice, opens an embrace to Stan] Would you like a dance?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stan,No thanks.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stripper,[moves to Kyle] Dance? [moves on] Anyone like a dance?
Lil' Crime Stoppers,DJ,"Well all right, guests, put your hands together. Be sure to tip the dancers. And now, come on, let's hear it for Candy!"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bouncer,"[walks up to the boys] Whoa whoa, what the hell are you kids doin' in here? This isn't an appropriate place for children."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Stripper,"[walking in the foreground, on the other side of the small stage] Dance? Anyone like a dance?"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Kyle,"Uh, it's okay. We know the owner."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bouncer,"[crosses his arms] Oh, really? Let's go see."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Scene Description,The Peppermint Hippo back room.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Owner,"All right, so we'll have to start havin' the McCormicks make our meth again and-"
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bouncer,"Hey Gino, these kids say they know you."
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Gino,What? Ha-I don't know no kids.
Lil' Crime Stoppers,Bouncer,"I didn't think so. All right, you kids-"
