Chickenlover,Scene Description,Here's a show within a show: an episode of COPS shown in real time along with South Park.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Well, being an officer of the peace means a lot of things. It's a hard job, but then I'm a hard man. A lot of people think that in a small town there isn't a lot for the law to do. Well, they're wrong."
Chickenlover,Dispatcher 1,[Through intercom.] All units. All units. Report to 254 Avenue de los Mexicanos. Possible hostile situation.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady puts his siren light up on the dashboard.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"There, you see? This could be a bank robbery. Or possibly even a murder! This ain't no Podunk little town!"
Chickenlover,Dispatcher,"And, Barbrady, your wife called. She wants you to get some pizza on the way home."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Goddammit!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"A crowd has gathered at the site of the incident, across the street from the school. The boys are there, front and center. Officer Barbrady pulls up with the COPS film crew, and his siren light is now on the car roof."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Okay, people, move along. There's nothing to see here. [To the rancher.] What's the trouble? Where's the body?"
Chickenlover,Rancher,"Barbrady, I just caught some guy in here having sex with one of my chickens."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Barbrady says nothing as the crew films him for a long pause.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Uhhhh... oh.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The chicken doesn't seem traumatized one bit.
Chickenlover,Woman,"My God, that's disgusting!"
Chickenlover,Stan,"Whoa, dude! How do you have sex with a chicken?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Uhh, boys, you move along. This isn't for young eyes to see. [To the rancher.] Did you get a good look at the suspect?"
Chickenlover,Rancher,"Naw, I didn't see anything. It just happened so fast."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Wellll uh, this is quite interesting, huh, guys?"
Chickenlover,Cameraman,"Uhh, we're gonna go grab some lunch and maybe get some shots of those turtles down at the pond."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The crew leaves.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Haw, camel poo."
Chickenlover,Stan,"Hey, what's this?"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Stan picks up a sheet of paper.
Chickenlover,Kyle,It looks like a note.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Give me that! [Takes the note.] That's a clue, and you'll get your stinking DNA all over it!"
Chickenlover,Rancher,[Coming over.] What does it say?
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The note reads: Another chicken gets it tomorrow!
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Uhh... It says, uuh, ""Sorry I had sex with the chicken. I won't do it again. Bye-bye."" Well, there you have it. Case closed."
Chickenlover,Rancher,"Dammit, Barbrady, what the hell's wrong with you? Every time somethin' happens in this town, you say ""Nothin' to see here"", and ""Case closed."" But we want justice. We have to find this sicko!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"I said, return to your homes before I start arresting people."
Chickenlover,Rancher,For what? Orderly conduct?
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,How about fishing without a license?
Chickenlover,Rancher,I'm not fishin'.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Whataya call this then?
Chickenlover,Scene Description,He pulls a fishing rod out from somewhere.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"If you do not comply, I'll be forced to execute each and every one of you... [Pulls out his gun.] by gunshot to the head."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The crowd quickly disperses, the boys remain."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"That's right, return to your simple lives. [Puts his gun away] Just forget this ever happened. Forget."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"He moves off, leaving the boys with the chicken."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,For-get.
Chickenlover,Kyle,Wow. Barbrady sure is acting weird.
Chickenlover,Stan,"Yeah, I wonder what's wrong."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The patrol car. Barbrady gets in and looks at the note again. The letters become unintelligible symbols. He starts up the car and throws the note away. He stops at a stop sign, and its letters turn into Korean symbols. He drives on and ends up at Fran's."
Chickenlover,Teller,Welcome to Fran's. Can I help you?
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The letters in the board above the speaker are jumbled as they are, but they start whirling around, and Barbrady is speechless."
Chickenlover,Teller,"Sir, can I help you?"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The letters A, C, K, R, and U stop whirling and start laughing at him."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Uhhh, just give me two cheeseburgers and some jalapeño poppers."
Chickenlover,Teller,"Sure, there's just one problem."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,What's that?
Chickenlover,Teller,We're a bank.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The board is back to normal.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"I know that, smarty-pants! What do you think, I'm some kinda idiot?"
Chickenlover,Teller,Yes.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Hmmm. [Drives away.] I can't go on living this lie!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Channel 4 Breaking News.
Chickenlover,Anchor,"With chicken after chicken being violated, the South Park police are under increasing pressure to solve the case of the Chickenfucker. We now go live to a press conference where Officer Barbrady and the Mayor are fielding questions."
Chickenlover,Reporter 1,"Officer Barbrady, what would drive a man to such a disgusting act?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Well, nobody can say for sure; uh, no motive has yet been established."
Chickenlover,Reporter 2,Do the police have any leads?
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Well, both 3D computer modeling and intensive seismology have not given us any leads as of yet."
Chickenlover,Reporter 3,But has Chickenfucker left any clues at the crime?
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"All right, all right! I can't read!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The room falls silent and the reporter sits down.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"There, I said it! I can't read! Are you happy now? You pushed and you pushed, and now you all know my terrible secret! I'm illegitimate! I'm not fit to be a policeman! I retire!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,He removes his badge and leaves the room.
Chickenlover,Press Coordinator,"Okay, thank you all for coming. There's uhh, coffee and brownies out front."
Chickenlover,Anchor,"And so Officer Barbrady has taken a leave of absence, and South Park would have to manage without any police force for a while--"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,A note wrapped around a brick crashes onto the anchor desk and the anchor gets the note.
Chickenlover,Anchor,This just in! South Park is plunged into total anarchy!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,A camera pans across the rioting.
Chickenlover,Anchor,"Exactly two seconds after the retirement of Officer Barbrady, looting and pillaging erupted in the quiet mountain town!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,A man comes and takes away the symbol in the inset. Another man takes the 4.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"On the street, two men use a third as a battering ram and throw him into the electronics store through the big display window. He gets up and helps the other two take the big-screen TV away. Several people have looted beer and drink as fast as they can. A red car crashes into a yellow building. Here and there people are screaming."
Chickenlover,Looter 1,"Whoopee, this is killer!"
Chickenlover,Looter 2,"With no cops around, we can do whatever we want!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The boys are at a corner when someone runs by with a boom box. Kenny is closest to the corner.
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Whoa, dude, what's going on?"
Chickenlover,Stan,I don't know.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Next to Kenny, two people are trying to turn car over, and..."
Chickenlover,Stan,"Oh my God, they've killed--"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Kenny opens the door and steps out, dusting himself off."
Chickenlover,Stan,"Oh, never mind."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The Mayor is watching all this from her office. Automatic weapons fire is heard as a woman screams, but the street before her window is clear of any commotion."
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"I don't believe it. All this time, Barbrady actually did keep this town peaceful."
Chickenlover,Aide 1,Who knew? I always thought he was a complete idiot.
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,He is.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The press breaks in and rushes the Mayor's desk. More questions, but one stands out."
Chickenlover,Reporter 3,What do you plan to do about the South Park riots?
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,No reason for concern. I want to assure all of you that Officer Barbrady is still our active police force.
Chickenlover,Reporter 3,But he's illiterate. What do you plan to do?
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"Uhhhhh, plan? I don't actually uh--"
Chickenlover,Aide 2,"Reading classes, plain and simple. By the mayor's order, Officer Barbrady is on temporary leave of absence to learn to read, effective immediately."
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"Yes, that's right. It's back to school with Officer Barbrady!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cameras snap away to South Park Elementary. There's someone new...
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Now, children, we have a new student joining us today. Please say 'hi' to Officer Barbrady."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Silence. Officer Barbrady dwarfs the children as he sits among them.
Chickenlover,Stan,"I can't see, dude!"
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Okay now, since our focus has been on reading, let's review some of the basics."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady raises his hand.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"E-yes, what is it?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,I need to go poopies.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"[Pause.] Officer Barbrady, in school we go to the bathroom before and after class."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, Christ. How do you kids do it?"
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Now, does anyone have any suggestions where we should begin with Officer Barbrady?"
Chickenlover,Kyle,How about a brain transplant?
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Barbrady raises his eyebrows.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Now, Kyle, let's be supportive of our new student, give him the nurturing environment he needs to thrive. Now, I'm gonna write a sentence and I want us all to help Officer Barbrady read it."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Stan struggles to see what Garrison is writing: Oprah Winfrey has huge knockers.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Give it a shot, Officer Barbrady."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Ahhh... O... O--
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Bzzzt! Wrong! Try again, dumbass! Hahahahahahaha [Slaps his thigh.] hahahaha! [Wipes his forehead.] Okay, okay. Maybe we should try something a little easier. We can work our way up to the hard ones."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison turns around and writes something more on the board: The hat is red.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Go ahead, Barbrady, don't be scared."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Ahhh... O...
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Bzzzt drrrrr! Did you hear that, Mr. Hat?"
Chickenlover,Mr. Hat,"I sure did, Mr. Garrison. What a retard!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison starts laughing uncontrollably.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,[To the children] Did you kids actually learn how to read this way?
Chickenlover,Stan,"No, we just fake it to shut him up."
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Okayheh, okay hi'm sohry. I'm sohry heh. Let's try again."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Chicken coop. The chickens are clucking away when the door creaks open. A silhouette appear.
Chickenlover,Intruder,"So, what are nice chickens like you doing in a coop like this?"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"He grabs a chicken and...Cut to South Park Elementary, back in class."
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Now, children, I hope you all had a good time reading your books and are prepared for your book reports."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cartman squirms in his seat and whispers.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Who should we have go first, Mr. Hat? Let's see..."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"[In falsetto.] Oh, how about Stan? Or Kyle?"
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, why don't you go first?"
Chickenlover,Cartman,Oooaaagh.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"What's the matter, Eric? Are you not prepared again?"
Chickenlover,Cartman,I'm prepared!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Cartman gets up and walks to the chalkboard, then faces the class."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"For my book report, I read The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. It was very, very good. Have you read it, Mr. Garrison?"
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"No, I can't say that I have."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Oh, good. In The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe, a bunch of uh, hippies, walk around and paint stuff. They eat lunch, and then they find a magical... camel... which they have to eat to stay alive. And that's pretty much it; I give it a B-minus."
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"And I give you an F, Eric. Now sit down!"
Chickenlover,Cartman,God-dammit!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The kids start laughing at him.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Haa haa. Ha ha ha.
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, Officer Barbrady, why don't you give us your book report?"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady rises and goes to the board then faces the class.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"I've just finished reading the heartwarming novel, Go, Dog. Go!. I found it a compelling and disturbing look at the canine psyche. If I may read a passage: ""Big... dog..., little... dog. [Turns the page.] A red dog... on a..."" Well, anyway, I'm not one to give away the ending, but I will say that it spirals toward an incredible twist-turn that parallels my own life."
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Thank you, Officer Barbrady. That was a very good book report indeed. I'll give you an A."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Hooray!
Chickenlover,Cartman,[Miffed.] Goody two-shoes.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The Playground. The camera pans across the playground. It passes the kid with the aviator cap holding a Blue Mega Man, Bebe and Clyde on the hobby elephants, the boys passing a ball among themselves, and stops at the swings. Barbrady swings between Kenny and Red."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Swingset, swingset, up and down I go ""Whoosh!"" goes the willy-wind, flowing through my toes"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Kyle looks looks back at Barbrady.
Chickenlover,Stan,"Dude, I think Barbrady enjoys being in school a little too much."
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Yeah, isn't he just supposed to be learning how to read?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Swingset, swingset, up and down I go..."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Mayor McDaniels walks up with her aides.
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"Officer Barbrady, what are you doing?!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"He quickly gets off the swing, but in so doing he stresses the set and launches Kenny..."
Chickenlover,Kenny,(Daaarrrggghh--)
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Kenny flies into the brick wall at the other end of the yard.
Chickenlover,Kenny,(-ooggghhh...)
Chickenlover,Stan,"Oh, my God! They've killed--"
Chickenlover,Kenny,(Hey.)
Chickenlover,Stan,"Oh, never mind. [Smiles.]"
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"Well, how's the reading coming along?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"[Wringing his hands.] Oooh, pretty good."
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"Barbrady, we really need you to speed this up. The Chickenfucker struck again last night."
Chickenlover,Kyle,Oh no!.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Ah, Mayor, please, when we're around children we prefer to call him the Chickenlover."
Chickenlover,Aide 2,This time he made love to Carla Weathers' prize chicken. She's catatonic.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Who? Carla Weathers or the chicken?
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,The perpetrator left this clue at the crime scene.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"She hands it to Barbrady, who looks it over."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, I can't read this. It has silent e's."
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"[Throttling him.] You have to learn to read faster, Barbrady!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,I'm doing the best I can. I even got a A on my book report.
Chickenlover,Mayor McDaniels,"Listen, buddy! Either you learn to read quick, or else I'm gonna find a law officer to replace you forever!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,She leaves with her aides. Aide 1 takes the ball from the boys and pops it.
Chickenlover,Aide 2,"Hey, what'd you do that for?"
Chickenlover,Aide 1,"Uh, just dramatic effect, sorry. [They leave.]"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh boy, I'm in big trouble."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The boys surround him.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"I'll never learn to read fast enough, and the town is in chaos."
Chickenlover,Stan,"It's cool, dude. We'll help you."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Hey, that's right. You can help me. Under article 39, section 2 of police code, I'm allowed to deputize citizens in a time of crisis."
Chickenlover,Cartman,Really? I wanna be a cop.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"You boys will be my deputies; you can help me restore order, catch the Chickenlover, and swing me on the swingset."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,This last idea he likes a lot.
Chickenlover,Cartman,Do I get a nightstick?
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Sure, nightsticks for everybody!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"He hands his night stick to Cartman, who smiles."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"You keep a tab on crime in the city, and we'll try to solve the Chickenlover case."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"10-4, sergeant! [Walks off.]"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Now, what did that clue say again?"
Chickenlover,Stan,"""If you want to know where I'll strike next, read Bumbly Wumbly and the Spotted Spacecraft""."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"To the Booktastic bus, deputies! We haven't a moment to spare!"
Chickenlover,"Stan, Kyle, Kenny",Hooray!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Booktastic bus. Barbrady and his new deputies enter.
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"Good day, friends. Welcome to the magical world of reading."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,We need a copy of Bumbly Wumbly and the Spotted Spacecraft right away!
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"Oohhh, that's a very magical book, full of wondrous--"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Aw, just give us the damn book, fruitcake!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The bus driver retrieves the book and hands it to Barbrady. He opens it.
Chickenlover,Kyle,What's it say?
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"It says, ""Mmmuh mmmuuh..."" Uh, what's this word? [Points out to Stan.]"
Chickenlover,Stan,I.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, yeah. ""I... mmuh mmuh--"""
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Here, give me that. [Takes the book.] ""I am Bumbly Wumbly. I live in the pond."""
Chickenlover,Stan,"A pond? Hey, maybe that means Stark's Pond."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"That's quick thinking, deputy. Let's get to Stark's Pond immediately!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park. The streets are desolate, and only the sound of squeaking pedals. Suddenly, Eric pops over a low hill on his Big Wheel tricycle and goes down Main Street. The bike has been souped up with a motorcycle windshield and signal lights. He's wearing aviator sunglasses. A car passes by him."
Chickenlover,Cartman,Ey!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Cartman activates his siren, the driver sees him in the rear view mirror and pulls over. He gets off his trike, comes to the door, and taps the driver-side window with the night stick. The driver turns and lowers the window: it's Stan's father, Randy Marsh."
Chickenlover,Randy,"Uhh, yes, Officer?"
Chickenlover,Cartman,I clocked you at 40 miles an hour back there. Do you know what the speed limit is heawh?
Chickenlover,Randy,"Well, according to that sign right there, it's 40 miles an hour."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Step out of the car, please, sir."
Chickenlover,Randy,Wait a second. Aren't you Stan's little friend?
Chickenlover,Cartman,"[Slower.] Sir, step out of the car, please."
Chickenlover,Randy,[Steps out.] Yeah. You're the one who always plugs up the toilet at our house.
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Ey! I am a cop, and you will respect my authoritah!"
Chickenlover,Randy,"Yeah, right. You'd better get back to school, little boy."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cartman swings his nightstick at Randy's shins and connects.
Chickenlover,Randy,Ow!
Chickenlover,Cartman,Get your ass to jail!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,He continues to swat him on the legs with the baton.
Chickenlover,Randy,"Ow! Hey, what the hell are you doing? You can't do that! Ah-ow! Ah-ow! Ow!"
Chickenlover,Cartman,[Getting carried away.] Sweet.
Chickenlover,Randy,Ooww!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Stark's Pond. A crowd is gathered at the crime scene. The chicken is fluttering about. Barbrady arrives with Stan and Kyle.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, weak, dude! We're too late!"
Chickenlover,Stan,"Well, the chickens don't seem to really mind."
Chickenlover,Father Maxi,"Well, this is terrible! Now, who would have sex with a chicken?"
Chickenlover,Halfy,[Mischievously.] I would. [Everyone looks at him.]
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,"Aw, you couldn't screw anything, Halfy. You don't have any legs!"
Chickenlover,Halfy,Oh... yeah. [He moves away on his fists.]
Chickenlover,Father Maxi,"Have some respect for people's feelings, would you, Halfy?!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Come on, dudes. We need to look for another clue."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Kyle finds it and holds it up high in the air.
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Here! Here, I found one!"
Chickenlover,Stan,What's it say? What's it say?
Chickenlover,Kyle,"It says, ""Read Teetle the Timid Ta-- Taa-- The Taxi--"" What's this word?"
Chickenlover,Stan,I dunno.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"[Taking the note.] ""Ta... ta... Taaguh-- Taxi-dermist."" [Everybody cheers.] I read it! I read it all by myself! [Grins.]"
Chickenlover,Halfy,"[Doing flips.] Hooray, yeah! Whoo!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,South Park at night. Cartman is doing a segment for COPS.
Chickenlover,Dispatcher 2,Five George is en route to 496 Broad Wasteland...
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Yeah, I've been working this beat for about three days now. You definitely have to have pretty thick skin or else these people, they just walk all over you. [The camera checks out traffic.] Sometimes you have to go undercover to get the worst of them."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Cartman is working a street, dressed in a hot-pink dress and fishnets. A car stops."
Chickenlover,Driver,"[Winking.] Hi there, little lady."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Well, hi there."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cartman lowers his shades and bats his eyelids.
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Uh, wha-what are you doing tonight?"
Chickenlover,Driver,"Well, hopefully spending some time with you, gorgeous. Is $20 enough?"
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Sir, step out of the car, please."
Chickenlover,Driver,"[Stammers.] What? Oh-oh-uh, is this a bust?"
Chickenlover,Cartman,"[Displays his badge.] Sir, step out of the car."
Chickenlover,Driver,"[Stepping out.] Hey, wait a minute. You're just a kid!"
Chickenlover,Cartman,[Pulls out his baton.] Maybe this'll teach you to listen to authoritah.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cartman starts beating him on the shins.
Chickenlover,Driver,"Ow! Oo-uhow! Ow! Hey, man, what are you doing?! Ow, stop it!"
Chickenlover,Cartman,[Exhales.] Yeah... Sometimes upholding the law is messy. But you get by. One day at a time.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Outside South Park Library. Three people walk by with looted stuff.
Chickenlover,Looter 3,I got a TV.
Chickenlover,Looter 4,Shh. Come on!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Inside, the camera zooms in on Barbrady."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"[Reading from the book.] ""Tee-tle the timid taxidermist... loves..to..."" Oh, goddamn, reading is lame!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle arrive.
Chickenlover,Kyle,"How's it goin', dude?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Terrible! I give up! I'm not fit to be a cop! Booohoohoohoohoo, booohoohoohoohoo."
Chickenlover,Stan,"Come on, dude, it's not that hard!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"It is, too!"
Chickenlover,Kyle,Just read the sentence.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"""Teetle the timid taxidermist loves to go to the pet-pet--"""
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Come on, dumbass, you can do it!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"""Pet--"" Wait a minute. [Recalls Garrison.]"
Chickenlover,Mr. Garrison,Conjugate the verb. Conjugate the verb.
Chickenlover,Mr. Hat,"Yes, conjugate the verb."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Pet-ting. Petting zoo. He loved to go to the petting zoo! Boys, we're off!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Downtown. In another segment of Cartman's for COPS...
Chickenlover,Dispatcher 3,"All units, all units. Five-twelve at 635 Avenue de los Mexicanos; request assistance."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The siren goes on. Cut to Kenny's house. Cartman arrives and jumps off the bike, makes his way to the front door, and knocks. Stuart opens the door."
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Sir, could you step out of the car, please?"
Chickenlover,Stuart,"We're fine, officer. [Sips his beer.]"
Chickenlover,Cartman,"And-uhh who's, who's in here with you?"
Chickenlover,Stuart,Just me and my wife and my brother. And my wife's cousin and his son and my brother's girlfriend and our two kids--
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Kenny and Kevin come to view.
Chickenlover,Kenny,"(Hi, Cartman.)"
Chickenlover,Stuart,"--and my brother's girlfriend's mother, and this guy Bob, who I met last year."
Chickenlover,Cartman,[To the camera.] Poor people tend to live in clusters.
Chickenlover,Stuart,[Takes a swig of beer.] What—What did you say?
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Nothing. Now, sir, is there some kind of a..."
Chickenlover,Carol,I want him out of my house! He ain't worth a shit! He can't even hold a fuckin' job!
Chickenlover,Stuart,"Shut up, bitch!"
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Okay, okay, let's try to watch the language; there's children present heuh."
Chickenlover,Carol,You lazy-ass motherfucker!
Chickenlover,Stuart,Look what she did to my fuckin' eye.
Chickenlover,Carol,I'll do it again!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,She kicks him in the ass and continues hitting him. Kenny just laughs at the sight.
Chickenlover,Kevin,Mom hit Dad again!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Both then continue laughing at them.
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Now, the first thing to do in domestic disturbance calls like this one is to just calm everybody down. Respect my authoritah!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"He jumps up and knocks Carol down, then Stuart. He then concentrates on Stuart. Kenny and Kevin keep laughing."
Chickenlover,Stuart,Aagh!
Chickenlover,Dispatcher 1,All units. All units. We have a 5-20 on the suspect. Report to the South Park petting zoo immediately!
Chickenlover,Cartman,"[Stops, gasps.] Chickenlover!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The petting zoo. The school kids mill among the animals.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Keep your eyes peeled, boys. Somebody's gonna make love to this chicken any minute."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The chicken blushes.
Chickenlover,Stan,Maybe we were wrong about the clue.
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Yeah, maybe you read it wrong."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh, no!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Rustling is heard.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Shhh!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,They turn around. A hand reaches down and plucks the bird away.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Keep your eyes peeled.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,They turn around.
Chickenlover,Stan,Look!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Feathers are flying out from behind a bush as the bush moves around.
Chickenlover,Kyle,He's here!
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Grab him!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"All three rush the bush, meanwhile in Downtown South Park, Cartman is racing towards the zoo."
Chickenlover,Cartman,Dammit! Can't this thing go any faster?!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Reaches for a doughnut and bites into it.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The petting zoo. Barbrady is wrestling the Chickenlover as Kenny arrives. Barbrady finally gets his man. It seems to be the Booktastic bus driver, and he pulls out a pistol. As Barbrady takes it from him, it fires and hits Kenny."
Chickenlover,Stan,"[Gasps.] Oh my God, they've killed--"
Chickenlover,Kenny,"[Gets up.] (Oh, it was only my jacket.)"
Chickenlover,Stan,Goddammit!
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"I knew it was you all along, Richard Nixon!"
Chickenlover,Stan,"Aw, I think that's a mask, dude."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Oh.
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Whoa, dude! It's the bookmobile driver!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,Caught you red-handed!
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"Indeed, you did. How did you know I would strike here?"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,By reading Teetle the Timid Taxidermist.
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,You did?! Really?! Then it worked! My whole plan worked absolutely perfectly! [Pleased.]
Chickenlover,Stan,"What are you talking about, dude?!"
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"When I heard that Officer Barbrady couldn't read, I knew I had to motivate him somehow. So I formulated a plan to encourage him to learn the magic of reading!"
Chickenlover,Kyle,So you fucked a bunch of chickens?
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"Yes! Yes, exactly! Don't you see? Only by fucking chickens could I get Officer Barbrady to become literate."
Chickenlover,Stan,"That doesn't... make a whole..lot of sense, dude."
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"Oh, no? He who was blind can now see!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,No reaction from the kids.
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,I got Officer Brabrady to read. My plan worked perfectly.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Well, I guess I should say ""Thanks?"""
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"You're welcome. And now, my reading friend, you've proven that you are ready for the big time. I give you this hardback copy of Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand."
Chickenlover,Cartman,[Rushing up.] Freeze! Put your hands in the air!
Chickenlover,Kyle,Cartman!
Chickenlover,Cartman,I got reports that the suspect is in this area!
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Well, he is. It turns out that the bookmobile driver here was the one making love to chickens."
Chickenlover,Cartman,A-ha!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cartman hits him with the baton.
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"Ow, that hurts!"
Chickenlover,Kyle,"Whoa, dude!"
Chickenlover,Stan,Cartman!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Officer Barbrady picks Cartman up and takes the baton from him.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"No, no, that's not how you uphold the law! [He puts him down.]"
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Well, he is not listening to my authoritah!"
Chickenlover,Barbrady,"Oohhh, ohh, you've got it all wrong, my little friend. You do it like this: [Paf.]"
Chickenlover,Bus Driver,"[Going down, squealing.] Heee--!"
Chickenlover,Barbrady,You've gotta get 'em in the head; they go down quicker.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Cartman looks at the driver and removes his shades.
Chickenlover,Cartman,Ooohhhh.
Chickenlover,Kyle,"I guess you should leave police work to the professionals, huh, Cartman?"
Chickenlover,Barbrady,"Well anyway, I'm relieving you of your duties. I've proved that I can read, and now I'm back on the job!"
Chickenlover,Scene Description,He spins the cylinder on his pistol.
Chickenlover,Stan/Kyle,Hooray!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Cartman watches as Barbrady leaves the petting zoo, Stan calls out to Barbrady."
Chickenlover,Stan,Hey! So what are you going to do now?
Chickenlover,Barbrady,"Now? [Turns around.] Well, I-ee uh... I think I'll get in the bathtub, and then curl up with a good book."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"He displays the book for a moment, then holds up his right thumb for the camera to see. The end credits begin to roll, but only the executive producer is listed. The boys watch for a moment more, then walk off to the right. The chicken just walks around pecking at the straw. A bunny hops across the yard and Bebe chases after it."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,Newscast.
Chickenlover,Anchor,And so today South Park held a parade to honor Officer Barbrady and his heroic work on the Chickenfucker case.
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Tape is shown of the parade. Confetti is flying everywhere. The South Park High School band is marching before Barbrady's car. He is in the car with Stan, Kyle, and Cartman."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Thank you, everybody. Thank you."
Chickenlover,Man 1,Speech! Speech!
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,[Lowers his arms.] What?
Chickenlover,Stan,"They want you to give a speech, Officer Barbrady; about the whole experience over the last couple of days."
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Oh. Okay, uh... Well, first of all I'd like to thank the town of South Park, the town that bore me and eventually will rob me of my life precious."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The town cheers.
Chickenlover,Man 2,"Oh, yeah!"
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Second, I'd like to say to all those out there who think they can screw chickens just to teach people to read, your days are numbered! [More cheering.] And finally, I'd like to say that [Enunciating.] reading totally sucks ass!"
Chickenlover,Stan/Kyle,Hooray!
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"Yes, at first, I was happy to be learning how to read. It seemed exciting and magical. But then I read this: Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand. I read every last word of this garbage, and because of this piece of sh-shit, I'm never reading again!"
Chickenlover,"Stan, Kyle",Hooray for Barbrady!
Chickenlover,Scene Description,The crowd cheers again.
Chickenlover,Kyle,Wow! I guess reading really does suck ass!
Chickenlover,Cartman,"Ey, that's what I've been saying all along, you guys."
Chickenlover,Stan,"I'm just glad everything turned out okay, and Barbrady got his job back."
Chickenlover,Kyle,It's poetic justice.
Chickenlover,Officer Barbrady,"[Leaning forward.] Thanks, boys."
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"The end credits roll again, this time normally. When the producer is listed, Kenny is shown in a clear area behind the crowd. A tree falls, flattening him."
Chickenlover,Kenny,(Ow!)
Chickenlover,Scene Description,"Blood oozes from under the tree. End credits continue, showing more scenes from the parade."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,South Park Elementary Gym.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Okay, children, it's Friday, and you know what that means for PE class. We're gonna play dodgeball!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The class groans.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,We don't wanna play dodgeball. It hurts.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,Yeah.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,So let's have half the children on this side [To his right.] and half the children on that side. [To his left]
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Team 1 walks to one side. The children groan.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"[Uncertain.] Uhh... Excuse me a moment, gentlemen. I don't believe I know how to play dodgeball."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,[With Clyde and Stan looking on.] What? Don't you have dodgeball in France?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"Well, no. And actually, I'm not from France--"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Look, Pip, the rules are simple. A kid from that team is gonna try to bean a kid on our team in the head with a big red ball."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"Oh, dear."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"If the ball hits you, you're out, but if you catch the ball, he's out, and the last team to still have anybody standing wins."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"Oh, what jolly good fun!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"No it isn't, it hurts! I can't believe they let us play this in school."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The teams are as follows:Team 1: Kyle, Clyde, Kenny, Stan, Cartman, Pip, Jordan, Swanson, and BrimmyTeam 2: Bill, Fosse, Kevin, Bebe, Red, and Terrance."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,[Blows his whistle.] Play ball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Kevin takes the ball and chucks it at Stan's team. It hits Clyde.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Clyde,Ow! Ahow-ow-ooooowww!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Dammit, we lost one already!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Aheeheh, you're out, Clyde! Heheheh."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Jordan, Swanson, pull forward! We need backup."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Jordan and Swanson pull forward as told to. Kevin throws again, and it hits Jordan, causing her to scream and be knocked out."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,We're losing men fast out here!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"He and Kyle jump out of the way as the ball sails towards Brimmy, who falls and lets out a grunt of pain. The ball returns to the opposing team."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,[Giggling.] Concentrate on your ge-hame! Be the buhaw-hall!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Kevin serves again, and Kyle looks away as it comes towards him, amazingly Kyle opens his eyes to find the ball is in his hands."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,I caught it! I caught it!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Great catch, Kyle! Now your team's on offense!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Here, Pip, you throw."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Kyle tosses the ball to Pip, who catches it."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"Ugh... Oh, no, I couldn't."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Come on, limey, don't be a wuss! Are you just gonna be a little French pansy your whole life?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,I'm not French--
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Throw the ball, you stupid frog!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Pip sets up to throw.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"God-damn, maybe if you didn't eat all those croissants,"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Angered, Pip throws the ball at him."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,you'd be able to-- Ow! [He falls.].
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Okay, that was pretty good, Pip, but you're supposed to hit the kids on the other team."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Ow, my nose! You broke my nose!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Damn, Pip. I didn't know you had it in you."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,Ogh! I'm dreadfully sorry!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"That nose is bleeding pretty bad, Kyle. I think you might have to go to the nurse's office."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Fear strikes the kids.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"[Gasp.] No. No, it'll be okay!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Sorry, son. You'll have to let the nurse look at it. Come on."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Chef takes him by the hand, and leads him away to the nurse's office."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Oh-- Noooo!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,[Ominously.] Dude! He's going to the nurse's office.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Clyde,I heard the school nurse is hideously deformed.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Bebe,I heard she has tentacles and eats children for lunch.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Stan? Has anybody actually seen the nurse, and come back to tell about it?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"[Somberly.] No, Cartman. Nobody ever has."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Nurse's Office. Kyle's shadow is on the window. He waits with his hand on his nose. He sees a mouse nibble at some cheese and run away. He looks up, and a door opens. Kyle looks and shuts his eyes tight."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,Are you Kyle Broflovski?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"She sounds friendly, but her shadow falls on him."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Ye-yes.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,I'm the school nurse. Did you hurt your nose?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Ye-yes.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Young man, Why do you have your eyes closed? I'm not gonna hurt you."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,I know.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,So open them.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"She walks to her left, Kyle resists, then opens them."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Oh! Phew.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Now, what seems to be the problem?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Aw, I just hit my nose playing dodgeball."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Oh. Well, I'll get you an ice pack."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"She turns to face him, and a withered fetus comes into view. It is joined to her left temple and upper cheek."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,AAGGGGGHHHH!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,What?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,OOOOOHHHHH MY GOD!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Oh, I see you've noticed my disorder. I have a stillborn fetus growth attached to my head."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,AAAARRRRGGGGGGHHHHH!!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"After school, at Kyle's house. The boys are there to listen to Kyle's story."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"...And when she moved up and down, the little fetus jiggled."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Boys,Eewwww!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Did it talk? The little fetus, did it talk?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,No. No-it looked dead.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Boys,Eewwww!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,Wa-was it wearing clothes?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Dude, where is she gonna get fetus clothes?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Oh, yeah. Eeww."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Boys,Eewwww!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,And then she walked over to--
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Kyle! That is enough! I've been reading up on your poor nurse's condition, and it is nothing to be made fun of. It's called ""conjoined twin myslexia""."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,Who the hell cares what it's called? As long as she doesn't have to touch me...
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Now, that's just the kind of unawareness that we need to fight against. Sit down, boys."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"They hop on the sofa. She sits in the middle and opens the book. Softly, she reads."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"You see boys, sometimes, when babies are born, they're born as twins. But sometimes the twins get hooked together, and they're born as Siamese twins."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,A picture of two adults attached by the side of the head is shown.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,The Boys,Gross!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"But sometimes, after the Siamese twins are joined together, one of the twins dies before birth. The living baby is born with the dead baby still attached."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Stan is frightened.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Sometimes, this dead twin is inside the living person, so even you could have a dead twin inside you and not even know it!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Now, Cartman is frightened. He and Stan rush out of there."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,AGGGGGGHHHHHH!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,AGGHHH! Let me live! AGGGHHH!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"So now that you're educated about her disease, you won't need to make fun of her. Right, bubbe?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Uhhhh... Yeah.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"She leaves, and Kyle's eyes follow her. Then he looks forward, then at Kenny. Kenny cracks up."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The dining room. Sheila serves dinner to Gerald as he reads the newspaper.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Can you imagine that poor, poor woman?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,Mm-hmm.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Feeling like an outcast, being ridiculed every day..."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,Mm-hmm.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The phone rings and Sheila answers.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,Hello?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sharon,"Hello, Sheila? It's Sharon, Stan's mother."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Stan is screaming and running around the house.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Oh, yes. Hello, Sharon."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sharon,"Sheila, I was just wondering if you might know why my son is trying to split his head open with an ice pick?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Randy chases him down.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,No! I have to get it out!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Well, Sharon, I was just trying to educate them about conjoined twin myslexia."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sharon,So this is your fault.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,ARRRGGGGGGGHHHHHH!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Randy,"Damn it, stop."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Stan slips from his grasp and he falls.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Randy,Oh!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Gets up and chases him.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Randy,Damn it!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sharon,"Would you do me a favor? Next time you want to scare the hell out of my child, just go outside and sit in the road until a truck runs you over instead?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Click. Stan runs by again, still screaming and pursued by Randy. Sheila is left with a dial tone."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,[Undaunted.] That does it! I must educate the entire town about this awful disease!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,Mm-hmm.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,South Park Elementary Gym.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"[To Cartman.] Dude, I don't get it. Why are we playing dodgeball again?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,Yeah. I thought we only played on Fridays.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,[Arriving with a letter.] Children! Great news! We've been asked to play in the State Finals for dodgeball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,All,Awww...
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Aw, do we have to?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Can't we just play with that big parachute again or something?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"You-you don't understand, children. If we can win State, we can play in the Nationals in Washington, D.C.!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,Heyh! They have a zoo there!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"That's right! Now, come on! We have a lot of practicing to do!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The class separates into teams.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,Aren't we supposed to have won something in order to go to State Finals?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Hey, Pip. Do you wanna be on my team again?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,I'd love to!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Now, let's try not to send anyone to that monster nurse this time, Frenchy."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,Hey! I get quite disturbed when you call me that! You shouldn't make fun of foreigners.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He turns and walks away.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"And besides, I hate French people."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Chef blows the whistle to begin play. Fosse throws, and Bebe is beaned. The foursome look at her, then laugh while Pip observes."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Principal Victoria's office. She's meeting with Mr. Mackey and Sheila.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Well, Mrs. Broflovski, it certainly is a thrill seeing your cheery face again. What seems to be pissing you off today?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,Nothing is pissing me off! I just wanta start a movement.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,O-of course you do.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,I want to talk to you all about your school nurse.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Principal Victoria and Mackey are surprised.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, Nurse Gollum is absolutely qualified to be a--"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"No, no no. I'm not upset about her. I want to make the public aware of her. Her disease should be brought to light so that it can be understood rather than made fun of."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Oh, and uh, what disease is that?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, Principal Victoria, Nurse Gollum has conjoined twin myslexia."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,What's that?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,She has a dead fetus attached to her head.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,[Gasp.] She does?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,Y-you never noticed that?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"No-o, I never did."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Well, that's exactly what I'm talking about. This poor woman is forced to live in the shadows because she feels like an outcast. It is up to us to make her feel comfortable and welcome in our town!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Did you say a fetus, sticking out from her head?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,I want to invite your nurse to a dinner party at my house this evening. I'd appreciate it if both you and Mr. Mackey would attend.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,Do we have to eat kosher stuff?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Well, I'll talk to Nurse Gollum, but I'm sure she'll be delighted. Let's say around 8:00?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,Wonderful!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Now, you did say she has a fetus on her head?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,A mountain road. The class is on its way to the State Finals.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"[Rising.] Okay children. [Encouraging] Now, who's gonna win the State Finals?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The kids just look at him.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Clyde,Denver?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Here we go Ca-ows, here we go: Unh, unh! Here we go Ca-ows, here we go: Unh, unh!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The kids just look at him. He looks back, then turns to Ms. Crabtree."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,I think we need to get off on this exit.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mrs. Crabtre,"SIT DOWN, KID!!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,But it's quicker to get to the Denver school that way!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Ms. Crabtree,DO YOU WANT AN OFFICE REFERRAL?!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"How many times do I have to explain this to you?! I'm not a student! You can't give me an office referral, and-!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Ms. Crabtree,I SAID SIT DOOWWN!!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"[Sits down.] Yes, ma'am."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The kids arrive at Denver Elementary.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Whoa, dude, this is a school?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The crowd is cheering. Cows fans are scattered among the crowd.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Bob Thomas,"Hello, there. I'm Bob Thomas, the coach for the Denver Cougars."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He slaps Chef on the back.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"I'm Chef, coach of the South Park Cows."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Bob Thomas,"Well, I certainly want to thank you for bringing your team down. Apparently, nobody else would play us, because they knew we'd just beat 'em silly. So I told the school board to find me some hick school from the mountains, and here you are."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Chef is pissed.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Bob Thomas,"You're from South Park, yeah?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,[In a low tone.] Yeah.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Bob Thomas,"My G-hod, amazing where people can live nowadays. Well, we might as well get this over with; we've gotta start thinking about D.C. Promise we won't make it too painful."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"He slaps Chef on the back again and leaves. Chef wonders, then gets mad again as the whistle blows."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee,Play ball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Dinner at the Broflovski house. Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, and Nurse Gollum are there, with her conjoined fetus out of view."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"So, uhh, where did you get your degree, Nurse Gollum?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,Colorado State.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,Ahhh.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,Oh.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,They resume eating in silence.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,"Sheila, could you pass me the dead fetus?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Sheila looks at Nurse Gollum, then glares at Gerald."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,"I mean, gravy."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Sheila kicks him on the shins.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,Ow!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Denver Elementary. The Cougars are serving. Player 1 throws the ball, and it hits Token, who goes down."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Token Black,Ow!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The Cougar fans cheer.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Dammit, come on!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Clyde, Swanson, and Kevin are already out."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,Somebody catch the ball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Only Pip and the Boys remain.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Bob Thomas,"All right, boys, just five more of the little bastards to go!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Player 1 serves again, and the ball hits Cartman in the belly where it gets stuck."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"I caught it, I caught it!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player 1,"Oh, that's not fair! He's so fat, it stuck in his belly!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee 2,South Park on offense!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Great job, children! Just stay focused now."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Go for it, Pip."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Kyle tosses the ball over to Pip.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"Oh, bother."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Come on, you Frenchy little frog!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,Gagghh!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Pip hurls the ball at the other team and knocks down players 1 and 13.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Whoa-ho-ho-ho! Great shot, Pip!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Back at Broflovski's.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Eh, sooo, I hear that the South Park Cows are playing for the State Finals in dodgeball tonight."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, but you know, it-it doesn't matter though. The-the Denver team always wins, m'kay?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Gerald,"Oh, I don't know. I think our boys might just have the dead fetus to win-- Heart!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,Gerald!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Sheila smacks him off his chair.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Shiela,Keep your damn mouth shut!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"I-it's okay, Ms. Broflovski. Really."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"[Exhales.] Please forgive us. I-I'm terribly sorry, Nurse Gollum."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"No, I'm quite secure with it."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,I have felt so bad ever since I heard the boys making fun of you--
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,They're just young boys. Joking is a way for them to come to terms with what they don't understand.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,Could I get some more pork?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"So did you ever think of just, you know, having it cut off?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Yes, Principal Victoria, the thought had occurred to me. Unfortunately, it would mean my death."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Ooohh, so I suppose that's out. Uh-how about a hat, then?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"No, really, I don't need a--"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Yes, we could get you a few hats and wear a different one every day. No big whoop."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"I really appreciate what you're trying to do here, but it's not necessary. I'm a pretty happy person."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,I've got it! We could set aside a whole week to make the public aware of folks just like you.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Ooohh, yeess, a Conjoined Twin Myslexia Awareness Week. You know, that has a nice ring."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,But I really don't think--
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mr. Mackey,"Th-the school could put out pamphlets, m'kay? And we could have seminars to educate, m'kay?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Ooooh, this is so exciting! I'm gonna get the mayor on the phone right now!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Sheila leaves with Mr. Mackey and Principal Victoria. Nurse Gollum and Gerald look at each other. Gerald winces.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Meanwhile at the Dodgeball State Finals.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"You got just one more, Pip. You get this kid, and we are State Champions."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Yeah, and if you don't, you're a big dumb-ass European hippie piece of crap."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Pip gets pissed and winds up.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Get him, Frenchy!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,Gaagghh!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Pip hurls the ball across the court where it hits player 6 on the nose. The player goes down.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee 2,South Park wins!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Coach Thomas is in utter disbelief as the victory music plays.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"We did it, children, we did it! We're going to Washington, D.C.!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player 6,Uh-hu-hu-hu-howieee!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,A group of parents looks on as an injured player on the opposing team writhes on the floor in pain.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player 6,It hur-hurts! Owieee!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Two clowns come out with a stretcher and place it next to him.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player 6,"Mommy, it huurts! I-it hur-hurts!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The clowns do a little jig, and the parents laugh. The clowns place him on the other side of the stretcher, then pick up the stretcher and walk away. The boy is left on the floor. The parents applaud."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Oh, sorry about whoopin' your ass there, Coach! Oooh, baby, come on Just whooped Denver's ass Gonna need some cream for your ass It's all swollen and red"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Chef dances, and shows off his butt several times. He also turns to make sure Coach Thomas is watching."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, at the South Park Town Square."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"Ladies and gentlemen, this is indeed a great week for South Park. Ms. Hermans has opened the east wing of the library, and our own South Park Cows Elementary School Dodgeball Team is going to the national finals..."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The crowd cheers wildly.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,...where they will undoubtedly be beaten senseless by the Washington team.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The Broflovskis are not amused. The crowd quiets down.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"But most importantly, this week has brought to my attention a very serious and dreaded disease: conjoined twin myslexia. And so it is in honor of this that I declare this exciting week as Conjoined Twin Myslexia Week!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The crowd cheer louder.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"And now, let's kick off our week long festivities with the first annual Grand Conjoined Parade!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,More cheering. There are people on rooftops all over the square cheering as well.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,Let's hear it for these brave souls!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The band starts playing festive music. The crowd cheers up and down as Nurse Gollum walks down the street, alone. She looks around and waves."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,What a glorious parade that was! Let's hear it for the parade coordinators!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Nine men are shown, and they cheer back. Nurse Gollum is now next to Mayor McDaniels at the podium."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"You know, Mayor, I really should be accompanying those kids to Washington in case they get hurt. That is my job."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,[The mic is still on.] Nonsense. This is your week. You aren't going anywhere.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Somewhere near Washington, D.C. The bus is going through a lovely meadow."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"How much further is Washington, D.C.?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mrs. Crabtree,"SIT DOWN, KID!!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"I need to know how far it is, lady!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mrs. Crabtree,I SAID SIT DOWN!!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"[Grumbling.] Yeah, whatever, you old, dried-up, fat hog."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mrs. Crabtree,WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"I said, ""I've always wanted to visit Prague."""
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mrs. Crabtree,"Oh, me too."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Clyde munches away.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"[To Kyle.] Okay, what have you got?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Some hadka fish, some gafagga..."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,[Quickly.] I got a jelly roll! I got a jelly roll!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Kenny pulls out a bone.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,Sweet! A jelly roll is perfect!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Stan takes one end of a short bungee cord while Cartman holds the other end.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,Places!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Stan gives his end to Kyle and takes the jelly roll. He places the jelly roll in the makeshift slingshot, pulls back, and fires away. All three smile as the roll flies forward. It hits Mrs. Crabtree on the back of her head."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Ms. Crabtree,ARRRRRRGGGGHHHH!!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,She loses control of the bus as it careens down the road.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kids,Whoa!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kenny,(Sheesh!)
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"A tourist sees the bus coming his way and tries to get out of the way, but the bus crashes into the Vietnam Memorial's right wall, and the engine bursts into flames. He was thrown to one side. The right wall drops down three feet, taking the front end of the bus with it and raising the back of the bus off the ground five feet. Both front doors fall off."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Ulysses Grant Elementary. Inside, the gym is filled with championship banners going back to 1987 hang from the rafters. Posters line the walls."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Damn, man. This is the big time, alright."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Chef, we're hungry."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"You can eat after the game. You children win this one, and you're National Champions! Then you can go on and play the Chinese."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,My mom says there's a lot of black people in China.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,What?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee,Are you Chef?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,Yeah.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee,"The Washington team has forfeited the game. Congratulations, you're national champions."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"What? We did it! Children, we won!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Wow, that was easy."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Announcer,"Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear a round of applause for the new national champions of dodgeball, the South Park Cows!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Everyone boos as Kyle rushes over to the opposing team.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Hey, why did you guys forfeit?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player,You mean you don't know?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Know what?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player,Last year's national champions were the Austin Pirates. They played China for the world championship. Only four of them came back alive. Chinese dodgeball players aren't like us.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"A temple scene comes up. A squad of Chinese kids are exercising as their master gives orders. Some of them are being acrobatic, others throw solid kettle-bells at each other."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Master,Bush langli. Woon taun. Waya ching gia!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player,"[Voice-over.] They do nothing but dodgeball, day in, and day out. They use steroids and advanced training equipment to make them, not kids, but animals."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Each kid is handed a bowling ball, which he or she throws against a brick wall. The wall crumbles further with every throw. The scene fades, and the foursome are standing there, awed."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player,"Well, good luck. We've got our futures to think about."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He hops off and leaves as Chef comes over.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Okay, children, back in the bus."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,South Park City Hall. Many people are seated at table waiting for the evening's events to unfold.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"And so, at this honorary dinner we take a look back at our beloved Nurse Gollum and the brave life she has lived. Roll the tape, please, Mr. Garrison."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He starts up the player. He's in a nice tuxedo. Nurse Gollum is quite embarrassed as she sits with Sharon in the crowd.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Oh, no..!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Singer,"[The video begins.] You've got the strength, you've got the courage Even with a dead fetus on your head You carry on You fight for tomorrow Dead fetus or no, you never let go You're my conjoined-twin-dead-thing-hanging-off-your-head woman"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Scenes from the video: She's painting her house orange, and annoyed that Garrison is filming it. She looks out the window, and is annoyed that he is still there, filming. She's in her office. She's at the supermarket, annoyed, she's trying to cover the camera lens so Garrison would stop filming. At the post office, she's trying to shoo him away, she's very angry that he's filming her. She's on the toilet, and she clamps her legs shut, with hands before them for added security. She's outraged."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"There are sobs here and there, a smattering of applause."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Barbrady,"Oh, that was so touching."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"[With envelope in hand.] And now, friends, it's time to present the Lifetime Conjoined Twin Achievement Award. This award goes to outstanding conjoined twins who have made a mark on society. And the winner is... [Reaches into the envelope.]"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,[Derisively.] Nurse Gollum.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,Nurse Gollum!!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The room applauds and the spotlight moves from the Mayor to the nurse.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Oh, boy."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Jimbo,"[Interrupting.] Excuse me, Mayor, but I just received some news that you might all be interested in."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Jimbo takes the microphone.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Jimbo,"Our South Park Cows have just beaten the Washington dodgeball team, and are on their way to the world championship in China."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The crowd erupts in applause, meanwhile somewhere near China. The bus is going down a slope."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Okay, children, now, we're almost to China. I want you all to try and focus on your game."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"But Chef, we don't wanna play the Chinese!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Nonsense! If we win this one, we're world champions."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,But we could get killed!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,And just what price would you pay for eternal glory?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle fall silent.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Just imagine: a big yellow ""Dodgeball Champions"" banner hanging in the cafeteria! Imagine it!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Dude, Chef has lost it."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"You'll be in the news all over the world. South Park will finally have a sport that it's good at. Ohh, children, it'll be glorious!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"So, Captain Ahab has to get his whale, huh?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Chef looks at him.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Dude, what does that mean?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,I dunno.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Hey, isn't that kid Kevin Chinese?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Kevin looks back.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Yeah, you're from China."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kevin Stoley,"No, I'm from America. My parents are Chinese."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,Tell us how the Chinese play dodgeball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kevin,"I have no idea, dude."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Come on, rice picker!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Hey, hey hey!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Cartman hides his hands.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Children, that's not cool! You don't make fun of somebody because of their ethnicity."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,You don't?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"But Chef, you just ripped on Chinese people."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"No, no, no, no, no, that's different. I made fun of them because they are from China. You see, it's not okay to make fun of an American because they're black, brown, or whatever, but it is okay to make fun of foreigners because they are from another country."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,"Stan, Kyle",Ohhh.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"[At the same time.] Oooh, I get it."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kevin,[Vindicated.] Yeah.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The bus has reached the temple. On the side is a banner that reads: Go Cows!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mrs. Crabtree,[Slamming on the brakes.] AAAGGGGHHHH!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Hiit ita wita great pride, that huwe huwelcome ourn American friend. Now let the..."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"He thumps the table, and his partner's mic falls."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,...champion of dodgeball be deshide!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"His partner resets the mic, a muscular man bangs away on a kodo drum, and musicians next to him start playing. The crowd cheers, and dancers come up and unfurl streamers."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Damn, dude. China's fucked up."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee,Take places!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"All right, let's go, Cows! Let's show 'em what we've got!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Okay, Tom, rooks rike A-mericans are getting ready to play. I don't suppose they'll have any problems seeing the ball with their big American eyes!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,They laugh.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,Yeah. Good thing they have those big eyes so that they don't have to rery on that amazing American interrect.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He laughs.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Oh, you say such things."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,That's a zinger!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Referee,Praaayyy braal!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The Chinese serve. The first one out is Clyde, who tumbles all the way to the wall."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,Holy crap..!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Kyle is hit, twice, before he goes down."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,God damn...
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Hey, hey, what do you call white American person with PhD in a physics and-a math?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Ah, I don't know. What?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,Stupid American!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He laughs.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Aw, no way!!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Tom starts laughing.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"A Chinese player takes aim at Cartman, who turns and runs away squealing. The ball gets him anyway, and he tumbles away."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Oooh, another American is down! It's numbuh-- uuhhh... Oh, I don't know. All American look alike!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"They laugh, as a Chinese player serves and hits Kenny with such force that the ball picks him up and splatters him against the wall, then bounces up and away. Paint falls away and cracks are left in the wall. Blood pours out quickly. The crowd jumps up and cheers."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,[Laying on his side and out of breath.] You... bastards...
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Oooh, my, I haven't seen an American die like that since Abraham Lincoln!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He chuckles.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Dude, that is-a not cool! You're gonna get us into trouble again."
