Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"I don't know. Last night we found him hiding in the kitchen pantry. He was screaming the name ""Billy Mays"" over and over again."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Billy Mays? Billy Mays?! [hops off the sofa] Dude, you didn't tell us Ike was seeing Billy Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Your little brother saw the ghost of Billy Mays?
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Dude, I don't even know who that is."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"The guy on TV who had incredible things for people to buy? He died four months ago but they still show his commercials all the time? Oh, oh for the love of Christ, here! [quickly flips through the channels until a Billy Mays commercial appears] Here here! This, this is him!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Commercial. Mays is in a laundry room.
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here with another fantastic product. If you're like other Americans, you love to eat Chipotle [shows off two Chipotle burritos], but you hate all those terrible bloodstains in your underwear. [shows off bloodstained underwear]"
Dead Celebrities,Man 1,[holding a burrito in his right hand] I love Chipotle. But getting all the bloodstains out of my underwear is a nightmare. [a shriek is added for emphasis]
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[now near a washer and dryer] Well now there's a product that can clean even bloodstains caused by Chipotle right off your underwear. Chipotl-away. [shows off the bottle, which says Chipotlaway. What follows is a demonstration of how the product works] Just one Chipotle burrito [shown] can leave up to a quarter cup of underwear blood [a quarter cup of red liquid is poured onto the briefs], but Chipotl-away [a couple of squirts of it makes the liquid vanish] makes your underwear clean [a towel is used to remove the liquid and product] and ready for more. [a man is shown stocking up on briefs, but they slip from his arms] Stop buying new underwear every time you eat Chipotle. That can cost you thousands. Chipotl-away gets rid of bloodstains and leaves underwear good as new. [a pair of black hands smooths some briefs out over a table, then puts the Chipotle burrito on it] Imagine having underwear so clean you can practically eat off of it."
Dead Celebrities,Man 2,"[leans down towards the burrito and smiles at the camera] Mmm, Chipotle. [gives a thumbs up and begins to eat off his underwear]"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Now you can eat all the Chipotle you want [two women eat burritos on a park bench.], and still have underwear that sparkles and shines [one of the women holds up a pair of clean panties, which sparkle and shine]. Order right now!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,TV promo.
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,That product changed my life. It really works. I use it all the time.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What?! Are you serious?!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Look Kyle, if there's even a chance that Billy Mays' soul is not at rest, then I wanna help however I can."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Dude, why the hell would you DO that?!"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Because he was a great person, Kyle."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"NO, why the hell would you keep eating something that made you crap blood?!"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"...Dude, have you had Chipotle? It's really good. You guys, we have to help Kyle's brother and get to the bottom of this. And I think I know just who to call..."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,An episode of Ghost Hunters.
Dead Celebrities,Announcer,"On this episode of Ghost Hunters [a cemetery is shown]: a little boy in Colorado appears to be haunted by celebrities. [a shot of Ike floating across the screen, with various backdrops behind him] Now the Ghost Hunter team will roll out and get to the bottom of it. It's the gayest show in the fucking world; Ghost Hunters!"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Alright, tell us what we got this week, Kris."
Dead Celebrities,Kris,We're going to Colorado to investigate celebrity paranorm-
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Wait, what? What was that? What was that?"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,"I heard it too. It was like a, like a ...*pop*"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,Is there a ghost here?
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,TAPS heads out to South Park in two SUVs.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Alright, so you say a little boy is seeing the ghosts?"
Dead Celebrities,Kris,"Yeah, apparently only he is seeing them."
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Doyuh ssh ssh. What, what is that? Do you hear that?! There, there look. What is that? What is that?"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,I think that's just a cigarette lighter.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Oh, right, okay. May be."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"TAPS has made it to South Park. They are in the Broflovski house at night, in the dark. No lights are on except for flashlights."
Dead Celebrities,Jason,We are now inside the house where the celebrity ghosts have been spotted. Whoa whoa what? What was that? What was that?
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What was what?
Dead Celebrities,Jason,Did you hear that? It was like a... it was like a... dee.. Is there a spooky ghost here?? Uh LOOK. What is that? What is that?? [a shot of the Broflovskis living room TV]
Dead Celebrities,Grant,I'm pretty sure that's their television.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Oh man I am really scared. [looks at his groin. Grant's flashlight and the camera quickly aim at it] Whoa whoa whoa whoa! What is this? What is this? There's a, there's a, a wetness coming from my pants! [he peed his pants]"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,I see it!
Dead Celebrities,Jason,W... what is it?!
Dead Celebrities,Grant,Oh God I'm so scared! [begins to whimper] I'm so scared.
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Look! Look, it's got you too! [points to Grant's groin, then says to the cameraman] Are you getting this? Make sure the camera is getting this. Definitely some paranormal activity!"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,"It's warm, and moist. A warm moist sensation that's moving down my left thigh. [the urine reaches the floor and starts spreading out]"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Look, it's starting to form a, a a pool around the floor now. Are you getting this??"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Are you guys fucking serious?
Dead Celebrities,Jason,"Oh God, the paranormal activity is now leaving a, a trail of some kind behind both of us! [such melodrama!]"
Dead Celebrities,Grant,"Hoh! Something... hot, and and, warm is coming out the back of my pants now. [Well...]"
Dead Celebrities,Jason,Oh it smells!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, outside. The front door opens and the four ghost hunters run out screaming."
Dead Celebrities,TAPS,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, inside. The lights are back on. Ike hangs his head and walks off to his left, sighing. He sits down on the bottom steps of the stairs. Kyle follows him and sits next to him."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Ya see Ike? There's nothing. There's nothing for you to be afraid of.
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[his ghost suddenly appears with a new pitch] Hi, Billy Mays here for the Big City Slider Station."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"It's all just in your head, Ike."
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,The fast and easy way to press and cook delicious sliders.
Dead Celebrities,Ike,AAAAA. AAAAAAAAAAA!! [the other boys look at each other]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Children's Hospital of Denver, night. Ike is in a recovery room while the older boys wait in the lobby on red couches."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,I just... don't understand it.
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"It's gonna be alright, Kyle."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"But, dude this doesn't make any sense. I mean, if you know it's going to make you crap blood, why wouldn't you at least just try eating less of it?"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Because, dude, that's what I'm saying. You have the Chipotlaway so it doesn't matter."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"But of course it matters, because you should be concerned there's blood in your underwear. [to Stan] Do you understand this?"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Dude, I don't understand at all. I eat Chipotle all the time and it never made me crap blood."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Ohh well how nice for you, Stan. It's great you've got a golden rectum of the gods, but the rest of us need Chipotlaway."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Carroll,"Well boys, little Ike is stable, but the celebrity ghosts appear to have sent him into some kind of coma."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Whoa whoa wait, there really are ghosts?"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Carroll,"Well of course there really are ghosts. Haven't you seen that show Ghost Hunters? But I'm a pediatric doctor, so I'm going to hand this off to Dr. Phillips, who specializes in spooky things. [Dr. Phillips, a female, walks in and addresses the boys]"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"The ghosts of these celebrities are at deep unrest. I've never sensed anything like it. [Stan and Kyle look at each other as Dr. Carroll walks away] I believe these celebrity ghosts are still roamin' the world, reachin' out through the child because they are lost in purgatory."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Purgatory? What's that?
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"[steps closer to the boys] Sometimes when people die, they can't quite accept what has happened to them. And so before they reach the afterlife, they go to a place called ""purgatory."" It is a temporary plane of existence. It's neither heaven, nor hell. Purgatory is like... being on an airplane that's waiting to take off, but you're still sitting at the gate. And even though the plane isn't taking off, they won't let you back off the plane. And you can't get up to go to the bathroom, because you're on an active runway. All these dead celebrities are sittin' on the plane waiting and wantin' to move on, but for whatever reason, they are stuck without any information, even from the pilot, how much longer it's going to be, and it's taking forever. And they aren't serving any drinks yet. It's like, a terrifying limbo."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,[concerned] Oh my God... poor Billy Mays...
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Ike's room. Dr. Phillips turns on the various monitors to measure Ike's vital signs... and to call out the ghosts.
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"I am speakin to the celebrities that are hauntin' this child. If any spirit can hear my voice, make your presence known. [the needles on an Ectograph 500 begin to move back and forth, producing some readings]"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"[only his voice is heard] Hi, Billy Mays here with another fantastic product."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Billy Mays! [makes his way to the front of the group] It's him!
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,Are you tired of having to put your toilet seat down?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Yes! Yes I am, Billy Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,"No! Be quiet, Billy Mays! Somebody is trying to contact us!"
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,To which celebrity am I addressin' now?
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,"This, is Walter Cronkite."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,All you celebrities need to know that you have passed on.
Dead Celebrities,Farrah Fawcett,We know that!
Dead Celebrities,DJ AM,Yeah! Of course we know that!
Dead Celebrities,Patrick Swayze,There's only one person here who's not cooperating!
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,That's right! Now just admit you're dead and sit down!
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"...No, that's ignorant! I'm not dead."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Uh oh.
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,You are dead!
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"No, I just have a skin condition."
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,"Boys, quickly! Convince Michael Jackson that he's dead."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What?
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,He's in denial. He's been in denial all his life. Now tell him or you're gonna lose your little brother.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Mister... Jackson, y-you aren't alive. You're in purgatory."
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"Nooo, you're being ignorant. I'm alive. And I'm a child. And I'm white."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Mr. Jackson, please, you're causing a lot of problems."
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here for the Super Sweeper."
Dead Celebrities,The Boys (except Cartman) and Dr. Phillips,"Shut up, Billy Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"You're dead, Mr. Jackson!"
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"No, that's, that's just ignorant."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Accept it! [the various machines start convulsing and sparking]
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Dead Celebrities,Dr. Phillips,He's in too much denial! [a ball of plasma condenses in front of her and shoves her out a window on the top floor of the hospital.] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! [She flies through the air across the street and lands a half block away in the middle of another street. She dies on impact. The boys then gather around Ike and pull the wires off his face]
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Ike! Ike! Wake up buddy! Wake up! Ike, you've gotta wake up, please! [Ike's eyes slowly open] Eh there you go. That's good. [Ike looks around] Oh Ike. I thought I lost you, little brother."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"[with Michael Jackson's voice] Nooo. No, that's ignorant. [the boys' jaws drop] Oh look everyone, I told you I was alive."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Hey! What the hell are you doing inside my little brother?!
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Wee, I'm a child! [jumps up] I knew I was a child. See? Come on, let's play! Let's go climb a tree! [jumps off the bed and runs out of the room]"
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,"(Holy shit, dude!)"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Come back here! [the boys give chase]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"A park across the street from Children's Hospital of Denver, night. Ike runs to a tree in the park and tries to climb it."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Hey! Heeey!
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Come on, let's climb the tree! Hee hee!"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Mr. Jackson, you can't do this! This is not your body!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Noo, I'm a little white child. Let's play! [hops off the tree trunk and starts dancing] Hee! Hee hee! [begins to moonwalk] Hee hee hee! [arrives at the swing set and hops on a swing]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Dude, asshole, you're keeping a lot of other celebrities in purgatory!"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Including the late and very talented Billy Mays!
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"No, that's ignorant. People are just ignorant and they lie and spread rumors about me. Like, that I'm dead. But if I was dead, how could I do this? [hops off the swing and dances some more] Hoo! Dawdaby daw! Shamon! [Kyle looks at his friends and leads them away out of Ike's earshot]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What the hell are we going to do??
Dead Celebrities,Ike,[still dancing] Jou know! Jou know it! Hee hee!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,The Plane of Purgatory.
Dead Celebrities,Ed McMahon,"Come on, this is ridiculous! How much longer do we have to sit in purgatory?!"
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,Come on! Come on! This is ridiculous! Come on!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"[into an intercom mic] Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your patience. I've been informed that we are going to be delayed at least another 96 hours."
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,AWWWWWWWW!
Dead Celebrities,DJ AM,"Yo, you can't just keep people stuck like this, man!"
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"We know that you are all excited to cross over to the next plane, but for now you have to stay on this one."
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,That's it! I have to go to the bathroom!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"Sir, you have to stay in your seat with your seatbelt fastened!"
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,You've been saying that for three months now! [sits back down]
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"The four boys are now in Stan's room, and Stan is browsing around for information."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Alright, let's see: demonic ghosts, animal ghosts..."
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,"(No, scroll down some more, scroll down some more.)"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"...setting traps for ghosts, no..."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"[still trying to make sense of Cartman's ...problem] Okay, here's the one part that really makes no sense to me: [puts both his hands on the table and spreads his fingers out] the first time you saw blood stains on your underwear, were you alarmed?"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,[rolls his eyes up in thought] Was I alarmed? [closes his eyes] Yes. [opens them and looks at Kyle] I believe I was.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,So then why do you just ignore it using something as stupid as Chipotaway?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"[correcting him] Chipotlaway, Kyle. And I'm not the one who uses it, my mom does. She does the laundry. [Kyle's jaw drops in alarm]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Your mom... uses Chipotlaway... to clean blood stains... out of your underwear?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Yes!
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"And then takes you to Chipotle, and buys you more?"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Yes, Kyle, it's totally normal! [Kyle puts his hands down below the table] People do this stuff! You know, not everyone can be the boy with the golden butthole! [points to Stan]"
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Here here here it is: possession by a ghost. A ghost that enters and then refuses to leave a living host has done so because it failed in the living world to be what it wanted to be. The ghost must be allowed to transform and be recognized by the living as what it always tried to be.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,What has Michael Jackson always tried to be?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,A child... and a female. And white.
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Oh lookie, it's a planet. Hee hee hee."
Dead Celebrities,Stan,So he wants to finally be accepted by the living as a little white girl.
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Well what the hell are we gonna do? Dress him up in a princess gown and, and parade him around like the parents on those awful child pageants? [Kyle looks at his friends, then down at the floor. His friends look at each other. Yes, Kyle...]"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"A Holiday Inn, day, at Lynchburg. ""Lynchburg Welcomes The Tiny Miss Pageant"". Inside, the contestants are being introduced. The stage is small, with two bouquets of flowers with balloons attached, one at each end of the stage."
Dead Celebrities,MC,"Hello. First up we have the beautiful Miss Jessica. [Jessica comes out wearing lots of makeup, a big head of hair, and a pink pageant dress. There's a smattering of applause]"
Dead Celebrities,Jessica's Mom,[clapping] Alright Jessica! Woohoo! [Jessica stops and shows off to the audience]
Dead Celebrities,MC,"Jessica enjoys ridin' her horse Marley and doin' her nails with her sisters. Next, contestant number 26, Miss Brandy. [who comes out in a yellow dress]"
Dead Celebrities,Brandy's Mom,Yeah Brandy! Work it girl!
Dead Celebrities,MC,Brandy likes ice cream and playing with her cat Sunshine.
Dead Celebrities,Brandy's Mom,"[whispering loudly] Don't forget to blow a kiss to the judges, Brandy. [Brandy dutifully blows a kiss to the judges and grins. A balding judge grabs the kiss with his left hand, then reaches down to his groin with that hand and begins to masturbate. Brandy steps off the stage and walks away]"
Dead Celebrities,MC,"And now welcome contestant number 27, little Miss Michael Jackson. [Ike walks on stage in a small pink dress and blond wig]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Alright, Michael! [Kenny mumbles something]"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Yeah yeah rah work it Michael work it!
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Yeahhhh!
Dead Celebrities,MC,"Michael says she just enjoys being a child. She loves to play and climb trees, and thinks people who don't are ignorant."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,Ignorant.
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,God I hope this works.
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Purgatory. The celebrities are still waiting to take off to the next plane.
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"Hi, Billy Mays here for the little Country Handy Pillow. Are you tired of sitting in limbo? Lost somewhere between planes of existence? Well now there's a product that can help you-"
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,Will somebody shut his fucking mouth?! I can't take it anymore!
Dead Celebrities,Patrick Swayze,"This is bad enough without having to constantly listen to you try and sell your stupid crap, Mays!"
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,"With just two easy steps, I can climb over these seats and kick you right in the fucking balls!"
Dead Celebrities,David Carradine,That does it. We are not gonna just sit here anymore! We want some Goddamned answers!
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,Why isn't anybody telling us anything?!
Dead Celebrities,Pilot,Well ladies and gentlemen this is your captain speaking.
Dead Celebrities,Walter Cronkite,Well it's about fucking time!
Dead Celebrities,Pilot,Certainly want to uhhh thank you for all your patience. We know that you're eager to uhhhh get going and we will certainly pass on any information uhhhhh as it becomes uhhhhhh more available.
Dead Celebrities,DJ AM,But yo! Yo Michael Jackson isn't even here anymore! He's gone! We should be able to move on now!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"Yes, but as we all know, Mr. Jackson had a LOT of baggage, and he checked some of that baggage in, so a crew has to go through all the baggage and get his off of purgatory before we can push back from the gate."
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,AWWWWWWWW!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Tiny Miss Pageant, later."
Dead Celebrities,Ike,Did I do good in the swimsuit category? I'm worried that little doodoohead brunette girl was prettier than me.
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"[approaching the judges' table] Excuse me, uh, if you could do us a favor and pleeease just vote for little Miss Jackson? It's really important."
Dead Celebrities,Kylie's Mom,It's more important for my little Kylie. Just look at this face.
Dead Celebrities,Kylie,"Mommy, that hurts my cheek implants. [another contestant is dancing onstage in a cheerleading outfit. She finishes her routine on her knees. The male judge on the right is taking pictures while the one on the left is masturbating even harder. The lone female judge is just evaluating as usual]"
Dead Celebrities,MC,"All right, thank you Miss Cassie. And now for her talent portion, Miss Michael Jackson is gonna sing for us. [Ike steps onto the stage again and sings]"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,I'm just a little girl. Hee hee. A dainty little thing.And I know you all want to be a little white girl like me. Shamohn! Hee hee hee. [begins to moonwalk] Hohhh[the male judges are masturbating furiously]
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Dude, the two male judges love her."
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,(Yeah.) [the doors fly open and a bunch of police officers stream in...]
Dead Celebrities,An Officer,"All right, that's about enough! [...and haul away the male judges. The female judge looks on somewhat bewildered]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Aww crap!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Hey, what the F?!"
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Tiny Miss Pageant, later."
Dead Celebrities,MC,"All right everyone, the judge will now tally her final scores."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,We're totally screwed! [Brandy and her mom walk by. Brandy's actually a redhead] They took the two best judges away!
Dead Celebrities,Stan,"Yeah, there's no way that lady judge is voting for us. She was glaring the entire time."
Dead Celebrities,Heidi's Mom,"You'll win for sure, Heidi. You know how much that judge adores you."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Aw dude, this is hopeless!"
Dead Celebrities,Kenny,(Son of a fucking bitch!)
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Wait wait! Wait, look at the lady judge. [a shot of the judge] She's eating Chipotle."
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,[not making the connection] So what?!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"So maybe she doesn't know. [grabs Kyle by his coat collar] Maybe she doesn't know, Kyle! Excuse me, Ma'am, I see you're eating Chipotle."
Dead Celebrities,Lady Judge,"Oh yes, it's my favorite fast food. I would eat it every day, except I-... [looks down in embarrassment]"
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Except! You can't afford buying all the new underwear?
Dead Celebrities,Lady Judge,"How did you know-... Look, it doesn't matter. [turns her back to him] I'm just gonna have to give it up."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,What if you didn't have to give it up?
Dead Celebrities,Lady Judge,Excuse me?
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,I think... you and I might be able to help each other here today.
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Tiny Miss Pageant, even later."
Dead Celebrities,MC,"And now, it is time to announce our Grand Little Miss. Little Miss Michael Jackson. [Ike looks around gratefully as the audience applauds. The judge and the MC approach him. The judge gives him the crown and the MC gives him the trophy. The boys congratulate him]"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,Yeah!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,Yeah!
Dead Celebrities,Stan,Woohoo!
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Alright! [one of the contestants stomps her foot and cries, then walks off stage]"
Dead Celebrities,Heidi,"[passing by the audience chairs] I'm sorry I didn't win, Mommy. [her mom stops for a moment and slaps her across the face]"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Thank you so much for this award. Of all the awards I've ever won, this one means the most. I feel like... I'm finally at rest. I'm finally at rest! I'm free! [Ike passes out standing up with his mouth open wide and Michael's ghost rises out of him, with a ghostly trophy. The judge and MC notice something and look up. Ike wakes up, shakes his head, and looks at himself. Then, in his regular voice] Holy shit! What the fuck am I wwwearing?"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"Ike! [runs up to him. The other boys follow] Ike, you're back!"
Dead Celebrities,Ike,"Kyle, what the fuck is going on?"
Dead Celebrities,Kyle,"It's okay, Ike, you're going to be... okay."
Dead Celebrities,Cartman,"Yes. Thanks to us and Chipotlaway, the spirits of the celebrities can now rest."
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,"Back in purgatory, a woman yawns."
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,"Wee, I'm free! I'm free! [floats down into his seat]"
Dead Celebrities,Farrah Fawcett,Hey he's here! He's here!
Dead Celebrities,Bea Arthur,"Oh, finally."
Dead Celebrities,Others,He's here! He's back!
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"All right everyone, it looks like we are all ready to move on. [everyone claps]"
Dead Celebrities,Michael Jackson,Did you all see my crown? [the plane finally rises up and away]
Dead Celebrities,Billy Mays,Finally! Finally we can all move on!
Dead Celebrities,Scene Description,Hell. The purgatory plane alights here.
Dead Celebrities,Flight Attendant,"All right, everyone, I'd like to be the first to welcome you to the gates of Hell. Unfortunately, Hell is a tow-in gate."
Dead Celebrities,Passengers,AWWWWWWWW!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, recess."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Alright cool, guys, gather all around. Everyone should be a witness to this. [Cartman and Craig are at a tetherball pole, and Cartman is holding the ball. Around them are a bunch of boys, most of them from the fourth grade] Alright, you ready? Now say ""I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me."" Come on, dude, ""I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me."" [the camera pulls back a bit, and Butters is seen at the top of the tetherball pole, hanging from his briefs.]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I'm a dork, and I deserve what's coming to me. [Cartman hits the ball and it wraps around the pole, finally hitting Butters on his right temple] Ow."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Alright, your turn Craig."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Fellas, my underwear is so far up my buttcrack my legs are numb! [Craig grabs the ball]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,Well that's what you get for being a douchebag again Butters! You gotta take your medicine.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Uyeah, I guess I deserve it."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Hey heeey, what the hell are you guys picking on Butters for this time?!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Aw dude, you guys are not gonna believe this. You know what we just found out? Well it turns out that Butters, our Butters, has never kissed a girl. [Craig hits the ball and it wraps around the pole until it hits Butters on the face]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Uugh!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,So what?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,So what?! [the ball returns and Craig catches it] So I'm almost nine years old and anyone who hasn't kissed a girl by fourth grade is a dork!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Craig,That's right. [steps back and hits the ball again. The ball wraps around the pole and hits Butters on the face again. Cartman laughs]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,"You guys, we got it! [walks up with Token] We got it. Sally Darson is selling kisses for five dollars."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Sellin' kisses?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,She hangs out behind the temp building during afternoon recess. She'll kiss any boy that pays her.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,You mean I'm... gonna kiss a girl... today?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The boys' bathroom, moments later. Butters is now putting on a tie."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,[giving advice] So then when she sticks her tongue out you just kind of lick it with your tongue.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh boy, I sure am nervous."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Nothin' to be nervous about, Butters. You're finally going to become a man today."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, I think you should reconsider this."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Uh, how come?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Dude, you don't want your first kiss to be something you paid for. It's supposed to be special."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Oh God, why don't you sit under a rainbow and write a poem, Kyle?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,I gotta do this! I gotta know what it feels like!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Back in the playground, moments later. Butters is walking to the temp building with a crowd of boys following him at a short distance."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh boy... Oh jeez, oh, stay calm Butters... Eh, how was it?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Francis,Pretty worth it. [walks away with a dreamy look in his eyes]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Jimmy,"Go ahead, Bu-Butters. Go- go get some."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I'm going! [walks towards the back of the temp building] Ohh... [finds Sally and talks to her nervously] Oh, hi."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,Hey. [punches something into her cell phone and puts it away in her back pocket]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"So ummm yeah, ah, I was hopin' maybe I could get a kiss."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Okay, cool."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Yeah, cool, uhhhm... umuh... okay. [puckers up and steps closer to Sally]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,So you got money?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh, money... Rrright. [reaches into his pocket and pulls out a five dollar bill, then hands it to her] There you go. A five dollar bill, all for you. [smiles, but that turns into surprise when she whips out her wad of bills and adds the five dollar bill to it. She puts the wad back away]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"All right, you ready? [she turns to face him and puckers up. He looks at her and leans in, closing his eyes. She does not close hers. They kiss on the lips. They then separate and Butters isn't sure what to make of it]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Thank you! [turns right and walks back to the playground. As he approaches the boys, he raises his arms up and smiles]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,Atta boy Butters!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Tweek,You did it!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Jimmy,You're a man now! All right Butters good job!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Token,"Good job, Butters!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' room, night. He lies there awake, his hands behind his neck, pretty happy about the school day."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[thinking to himself] Boy oh boy. I finally did it. I'm a man now. [frowns, thinking of what being a man entails] Jeez, I'm gonna start havin' lots of responsibilities soon. I gotta start thinkin' about a career. There's gonna be family and bills to start worrying about. M-no more play time for you, Butters! You gotta buckle down and find, and find yourself a way to make money. [aloud, smiling] Hey, I know."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Lunchtime at the school cafeteria. The kids are eating lunches, and Butters comes into view, stopping at a table of boys."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Hey fellers! Fellers, do you like gettin' kisses? 'Cause I know a girl that'll give you a great kiss for just five dollars!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scott,[with a lisp] She'll kiss anybody?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Sure, Scott! Even if you got diabetes!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Behind the temp building, moments later. Butters waits as Scott gives Sally his five dollars and kisses her."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scott,Wow. [turns and walks away] It's almost like having someone care about you. [walks back towards the playground]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Jeez Butters, thanks for bringing me yet another customer. Here's your two dollar cut again."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[taking his cut] Boy oh boy, this sure is great! I've been thinkin', Sally: I could probably drum up some third grade customers if you could do kisses before school too. We could make double the money."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Oh, that'd be great, but I can't do kisses before school. I have swimming class."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Aww nuts! [walks off a bit] Well, I did have another idea. What if we got another girl to fill in for you sometimes?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Well, you know, we bring someone on, show her what to do, and then share all our money together."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"[walks up to him] Wow, you're right Butters. I should start expanding."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,We could have our very own... [puts out his hands and frames an imaginary plaque] kissin' company.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' bedroom, day. He's got three easels up with info and four girls seated before him. He's using a pointer to highlight the info on the easels. He's laying out his business plan to the girls, who all have notebooks and pencils."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"The next key to a successful business is ""innovation."" I think maybe we need to understand that some boys simply can't afford the five dollars for a kiss, so what if we start also charging just two dollars for a hug?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"Wow, that's a great idea, Butters."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Why thanks. Sally, I think your position behind the temp building at recess is perfect. Megan, I'm thinkin' about moving you to the baseball field after school during little league practice."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Megan,"[a third grader, taking notes] Got it."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I got a kissing booth set up at the kids' fair on Saturday so Kayla and Ashley, you take turns there. Any girl that sells more than twenty kisses gets [puts up a smiling sun sticker on Sally's row on the work schedule] a little sunshine, but if you don't show up for work at all, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,This is gonna be great!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Seems Detective Yates is now police captain there. Detective Murphy enters the work room with a report."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Sir! Sir, take a look at this. We've got rumors coming in of a possible ""prostitution company"" starting up in South Park."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"What?! [grabs the report and leafs through it] Hohoo, not in my county!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"We've got no information on the prostitutes, don't know who they are or where they came from."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,[walks off a bit] So then we need to go after the johns. We need to let the men of this town know that if they paid for sex they're going to jail!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Sting operation, sir?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[turns to face his men] We need an undercover cop disguised as a prostitute, so we can arrest any citizens looking for cheap thrills!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A seedy side of town, night. Chief Yates is dressed as a hooker and is waiting curbside for a john. A car slowly rolls up, then stops. Yates approaches the car."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Hey baby, you looking for a party?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,Ha... how much are you charging?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Twenty for oral, fifty for half and half, anal will cost you extra."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,Aww- get in. [Yates gets in and the car takes off]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"An alley, night. The car rolls into it."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Right here's good, sexy. [the driver stops the car] Now if you wouldn't mind handing over the twenty dollars for oral sex."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,"Ok-okay. [grabs his wallet, pulls out a twenty, and hands it to Yates]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"All right, buddy!... Go ahead and unbutton your pants. [the driver unzips his pants] All right! Here we go. [leans down unto the driver's genitals and starting giving him head]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,"Aw... Aw yeah. Oh man oh... Ohh! Aw-aw-AWWW-aw. AW-aw. Oh, s-sorry I was so quick."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Oh that's all right. [leans down to get something] Nothing wrong with a-FREEZE! [whips out his gun and badge, aiming the gun at the driver] You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver,Awhuh! What?!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"This is a sting operation, scumbag, and you're going to jail for soliciting prostitution. [grabs his walkie-talkie and talks into it] Got our first one, boys. I'm bringing him in for booking."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the hallway. Kids are moving from place to place. Kenny, Cartman and Stan walk by and Kyle stops them."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,Did you guys hear what's going on? There's like four girls at the school now offering to kiss boys for money.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Yeah, I heard that now even Stacey Anderson is selling kisses."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kenny,"(Stacey Anderson?) [mumbles something more, pulls out his five dollar bill and walks away. Butters walks up to them from the other direction]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Hey fellas. Would anyone like a coupon? We're offerin' two for one kisses today through Thursday.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Butters, you're the one doing all this?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Yep! I am founder and head CEO of the Butters Kissing Company. Just look at this. [pulls out his stack of bills and shows it off]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Damn dude, you made all that money offa chicks?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I'm tellin' ya guys, this is the most genius idea I've ever come up with. A lot of boys would pay to kiss my employees."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"You didn't think of anything, Butters! Guys have been doing what you're doing for years! You're nothin' but a common pimp! [slams his locker door shut and walks off with the other three boys]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,...A pimp. Huh...
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"At the newly-christened Butters Kissing Co, Ltd. in his bedroom. Butters and Sally are at his desk. Butters is researching what it is to be a pimp."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Bohy, Kyle was right, Sally. There's guys with kissing companies all over the country. ""The person managing all the women is known as the 'pimp,' while the working women are referred to as 'ho' or 'bitch.'"" Oh, you're a bitch, Sally. [smiles]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,Oh. [smiles]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Hey, look at this! There's about to be a big pimp convention, it looks like. I gotta get to that convention, Sally. I could learn all kinds of stuff for our company."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The Players Ball, night. Pimps and bitches of all shapes and sizes arrive and enter. Inside, they mingle, drink, dance, and Butters walks into view in a shirt and tie, and a name badge. He's sipping something. He spots a grown pimp and two of his bitches."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[addressing the pimp] Hi there. My name is Butters. This sure is a nice convention, huh? Yeah, I'm just starting out. I really came last minute 'cause I was hoping to learn more about being a successful pimp."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,You? You be pimpin'?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Yeah, just about a week now. I have four girls at the moment, but I feel like I could be doing a better job."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The Players Ball, A table of pimp trophies to be handed out is shown, then the camera moves up."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"Now see, you think you're a pimp, but you can't be pimpin', know what I'm sayin'? You wanna be a pimp, then you gotta learn the game. See it's all about knowin' the game."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,What's the game?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"The game is how you treat the bitches, know what I'm sayin'? Bitch gotta know when she out there, she makin' yo' muthafuckin' money, know what I'm sayin'? You got yo' main bitch, know what I'm sayin'? That be your ""bottom bitch."" That bitch rank higha than all the other bitches but she still a bitch, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,[taking notes] Yes I- I know what you are saying. You don't have to keep asking.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Pimp 2,"See it's all about mind control. You gotta act a punk. Any man can control a bitch's heart, but a pimp gotta control a bitch's mind, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,I know what you're saying.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Pimp 2,"Pimp gotta be out there every motherfuckin' day keepin' his bitches in line. Can't let 'em go shoppin', spendin' their money on stupid shit. Bitches gotta think that's your motherfuckin money, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,[getting pleased] Yeah! I believe I know what you are saying!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' home, day. Butters walks in the front door."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stephen,"There you are, Butters!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Hey Dad!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stephen,"Butters, we heard a rumor that you might have a little girlfriend? [Linda doesn't look pleased] Sally Darson?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Aw hell Dad, I got lots of girlfriends. Sally's just my bottom bitch. [walks past his parents and up the stairs, but stops for a moment and looks at them.] Do you know what I am saying? [they're left speechless as he continues up the stairs]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A dark alley in South Park, night. Chief Yates is dressed again as a bitch and is in the back seat of someone else's car."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"I've got to tell you I... I don't do this kind of thing very often. You're sure you're not a cop, right?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"No way! Let's just get to this, baby."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Alright.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"An unmarked police van is nearby, with some officers listening in..."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"So, you are agreeing to have sex with me for one hundred dollars, correct?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Sure, I have the money right here."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"[to the other officer] Remember, he's going to give us the code word to move in. Wait for the code word, ""stretch."""
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A police cruiser, nearby. Two other cops are listening in as well..."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Officer,"Code word is ""stretch,"" copy?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"A rear shot of the john's car, which has tinted windows."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Oh yeah, yeah, get those pants down."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Oh, you feel good."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Oh, you're a nasty little fuck, aren't you? Yeah, let me see that hot penis of yours. Oh yeah, nice. Yeah, I'm ready when you are."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Oh yes. That's great. [the car begins to move up and down]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, you like it?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Oh, I love it!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, you're a dirty fuck!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,The police van. The officers are shocked.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, come on! Harder! Deeper!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Oh yeah! [the van's driver looks back to see if Murphy and the other officer are as shocked as he is] Oh yeah!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, teach me a lesson, daddy!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The police cruiser, the two other cops are shocked too..."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,Teach this little whore a lesson!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Yeah! Yeah!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, that's right!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,"Awww, awwwww, awwwwoh! [the john's car stops moving] Awh. [the john sounds out of breath] Oh, oh man! [a shot of the john and Yates putting their clothes back on] Thank you! That was great."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Yeah, you really worked it, Daddy. You really gave my little hole quite a... [leans into him] STRETCH."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,The police van. Murphy acts on the code word.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Uhhh, that, that's it. Move in! [the police van and car arrive quickly and the officers jump out]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Oh God! It's the police!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[quickly whips out his badge and gun] Freeze! [takes the john out of the car and throws him against the hood] You are under arrest for soliciting prostitution! Book him, boys! [the other officers come in and cuff the john]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Driver 2,Please! Please don't do this! I have a wife and kids!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"A wife and kids. And you're out here trollin' the streets for prostitutes. You make me sick! Take him downtown, boys. I'm goin' back on the street."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The school playground, day. The supervisor comes into view."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Supervisor,[blows her whistle] That's it recess is over back to class.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kids,[disappointed] Aaaaaaah.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Boy oh boy, really great work, bitches. You all sold lots of kisses today. Except for you, Megan, I'm afraid you get a stormy cloud sticker today."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Annie,"So wait, you're keeping all the money now?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"I just hold on to all the money, 'cause bitches can't be trusted with it. We pool all the kissing money together, see? But if you wanna buy anything, you just talk to the bottom bitch [places his left hand on Sally's right shoulder], and then the bottom bitch talks to me. Alright, see you after school! [walks away] Do you know what I am saying?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Fourth Grade classroom, day. Mr. Garrison is writing math problems involving fractions on the blackboard."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Mr. Garrison,"Alright children, I want you to copy down these math problems and solve them before recess."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[sees an opportunity...] Yo, Bebe. Bebe yo."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bebe,[bothered] What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Bitch you wanna make some motherfuckin' money?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bebe,[really bothered] What?!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Bitch you should be doin' kisses on the playground. You can make fifty bucks a day! Buy all the purses and shoes that you've ever wanted. I'll treat you right, bitch."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bebe,Shut up!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh, alright then. [copies some problems down, then looks at Wendy. Softly...] Hey Wendy. Wendy! [loudly] Bitch, don't you wanna start makin' some real fuckin' money?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Wendy,Leave me alone.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Why you were made for the playground, bitch. You should be out there workin'. Don't you want a new lunch box? Nice new coat? I can get all that for you, bitch."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,Butters. Dude!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,You can't call my girlfriend a bitch!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Oh. Well all I'm sayin' the bitch should be out there workin' is all. [turns to Wendy] Whatcha doin' bitch? Just givin' kisses to Stan for free? Why you should be makin' some motherfuckin' money!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Wendy,Stan!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Stan,"Butters, seriously, if you don't stop this I'll kick your ass!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[whips out a bill] Clyde, here's a hundred bucks. If Stan comes near me, punch him."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Clyde,Wow wee. [grabs the hundred]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Cartman,"Dude, we've created a monster."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Come on Wendy, you should be puttin' that mouth to work."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Mr. Garrison,"Butters! Butters, do you have a problem?!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"All these bitches are kissin' fellers, and they haven't figured out that they can be making some serious fuckin' money!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,A shot at the temp buildings from the back of the main building. Butters escorts a new bitch to the area behind one of the buildings.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Really glad you joined the company, Annie! Now remember: you're chargin' five dollars for a kiss, two for a hug, and six for half and half. Alright bitch? Alright, how about a freebie? [she gives him a freebie] Ohwoah, [twirls around] whoopie! [walks away, leaving Annie at her new post. As he re-enters the playground, Kyle meets him]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, I really think we should talk."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Sure, Kyle."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, can't you see this is wrong? You've got little boys all over school spending all their lunch money on kisses. Boys shouldn't be paying for kisses. It's wrong."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Kyle, every boy pays for kisses. Do you know what I am saying? If you've got a girl, and she kisses you, sooner or later you're paying for it. You've gotta take her out to lunch, take her to a movie, and then spend time listenin' to all her stupid problems. Look, look at Stan right there. [Kyle turns to see Stan, who's listening to Wendy over at the merry-go-round] He's gotta sit there and listen to her stupid motherfuckin' problems 'cause she kisses him. If you ask me, that's a lot more than the five dollars my company charges."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Kyle,"Butters, what's happened to you?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"What happened is that I became a man! I'm sorry I'm not your little buddy anymore, but there's a time people have to grow up! [storms off, but turns once more to ask] Do you know what I am saying?! [turns and continues walking towards the main building]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"ATΩ frat house, night. There's a party going on in there."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boy 1,"[from the third floor balcony] Alpha Tau Omega, woo!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boy 2,[walks by on the street and looks up] ATOs!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boy 3,"Alright, ATOs, our little Kevin is twenty one today! [the other frat boys cheer] And so, Kevin, we would like to welcome you to manhood. Our gift to you. [a huge three-tiered cake is wheeled in and the music changes as Chief Yates jumps out of the cake. He begins to dance around]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Frat boys,Eewwww!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Singer,"Suckin' on my titties like you wanted me, Calling me all the time like Blondie. Check out my Chrissie behind, It's fine all of the time. Like sex on the beaches, What else is in the teaches of peaches? Huh, what?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"ATΩ frat house, later that night. Only three windows on the second floor are lit now, and an orgy is heard."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Give it to me! Come on, you sissies, I can fit more of ya! [more moaning from the frats] Yeah, you like your little stripper whore?! You like her?! FREEZE! [silence. Only the crickets are heard. Some minutes later the police swarm the frat house] Take them all to the station, for oral and anal sex with a prostitute! Half of them didn't even use a condom! [faces the frats] Don't you stupid kids know the diseases you can catch?! Hand me that evidence bag. [an officer hands him the bag, which he opens and places under his ass. He proceeds to crap into it, but when the bag is sealed, it's all white - it's all semen.]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Murphy,"Sir, sssome of us are wwwondering if maybe y-you're not... taking this role a bit far?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"What?! No way! Nothing is more important than keeping prostitution out of our community! [his cell phone rings] Oh, hold on, that's my daddy. [answers the phone] Hey Daddy."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"[at the other end of the line] Where you at, bitch? I need my bottom bitch right now."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Ye-yes, Daddy, I'm on my way."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,"I made you my bottom bitch, now you gotta take care of yo' pimp, know what I'm sayin'?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Be right there. Sorry guys, my daddy needs me right now. [limps away painfully]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"The streets in another Colorado city, night. Two prostitutes are working a corner with cigarettes in hand. The white one has a black left eye."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Black bitch,Damn bitch! Yo' pimp beat yo' ass again?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,White bitch,He's an asshole.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Black bitch,"You know, I heard a rumor about some new pimp up in Park County. They say he's real respectful; lots of girls switching over to him."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,White bitch,A pimp that respects his hos? Sign my ass up. [takes a drag from her cigarette]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters Kissing Co, Ltd. Butters' stable of bitches has expanded to include some adult prostitutes."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,And that's... three thousand dollars today for Charise. [looks up at her over his left shoulder]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Did I do good, Daddy?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"REALLY great work, bitch! That is another... [looks for the right cell to place the sticker on and finds it] sunshine sticker for you."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Thank you, Daddy. [kisses him on his head]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,[gets excited] Mmmwhoa boy!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"ACORN, the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, day. Butters is filing some paperwork with the receptionist there. His bitches stand near the entrance waiting for him to finish."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"And so, I would like to see if there are any housing loan opportunities for some of my employees, and also what kind of corporate tax I should be filing under."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,And exactly what kind of business are you running?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,It's a kissing company.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,And you're making a profit?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh sure! My black employee Charise over there, one time she made two thousand dollars, on one customer! Can you believe it? Two thousand dollars just to kiss a feller. She currently stays in a motel room, 'cause a lot of her customers see her late. [puts his hand over the right side of his mouth and whispers so Charise doesn't hear] You wouldn't believe the time of night some fellers wanna kiss."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,"[getting suspicious] Do you keep any record of the men getting these ""kisses""?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"'Course. My bottom bitch keeps a database of all our customers, specially the VIPs, like Senator Morris."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,Senator Morris?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Sure! Senator Morris gets kisses every day at lunchtime. You know where he likes to get kissed?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,Where?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,In a motel room. Darnedest thing. He must get sleepy.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,"Alright, get out of here! [throws Butters' papers back at him]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Huh? Why?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,I'm not falling for it!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,But I heard ACORN helps pimps and their bitches!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,[rises in anger] We aren't giving you anything; get out! [her boss walks up next to her]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Boss,"Mrs. Davis, is there some kind of problem?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Receptionist,Eh no sir.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Heey! Mr. Daniels! You get kisses from my bitch Roxy in the alley behind Sizzler. [Mr. Daniels' jaw drops, and Mrs. Davis looks at him]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters Kissing Co, Ltd., later. A couple more females have joined the company."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Boy, how do you like that, bitches? Approval for two housing loans and tax-exempt status. File these away, Sally."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,Okay.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Ubup. Daddy, how come this ho get to be bottom bitch?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,What?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"I make the most money for you Daddy, that means if anyone should be bottom bitch, it's me."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Sally,"[she and Charise face off] Hey, screw off, ho."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Charise,"Fair is fair, ho."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[rushes in to keep the hos from fighting] Whoa whoa, bitches, bitches!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[voice only] Excuse me! [comes through the door] Well well well, this must be the organization I've been hearing so much about. Took me a long time to find you. You won't believe the hardships I've been through trying to track you down. My name is Yolanda. I'd like to know all about your operation here. You see I just left my pimp recently and I'm looking for a new one?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Oh. Well we operate on a sixty-forty split here. Bitches have access to Medicare and now, low-income housing loans."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Well, I think that's about all I need to hear."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,[voice heard outside the window] Yolanda! [his car honks repeatedly] Yolanda!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,What's that?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,"Butters' front door, moments later. Everyone has gone downstairs to see who's calling Yolanda. Bishop is on one knee with a bouquet of flowers in his hands."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Bishop,[pleading] Yolanda please! You gotta come back to me! I got nothin' without you!
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"You've got a lot of nerve coming here, Keshawn! After the way you treated me? I need a pimp that doesn't beat me every time he gets drunk!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"[on his feet] Yolanda, I looove you. I need you. Not as my bottom bitch. I want... [back on one knee] I want to marry you. [opens a small box in which rests an engagement ring. Yates looks moved by this display of affection]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"It's too late for that, Keshawn! I just told this pimp I was his bitch now."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Well wait, hold on now. Why I'd never get in the way of somebody being happy. Well us pimps gotta be good. Even to each other."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"[crying gratefully] Thanks, pimp. You done changed the game, that's what you did. [offers the ring once more] Marry me Yolanda? We'll move to a little château in Switzerland and get away from all this."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,Oh Keshawn! [runs to him and they hug and kiss for a long time]
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,Wha? Awww.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,I love you so much.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Babe, I love you too."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"So much, baby."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"Let's, uh, let's just be happy okay?"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,"Promise, babe. Promise."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"[moved to tears] Oh, oh. [feeling remorse] Oh jeez. [closes the front door softly]"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,Butters' living room.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Butters,"Gals. Gals, could you all come gather round? Gather round, gals; take a knee. [the girls come and genuflect] Gals, I... well I'm afraid I can't do this anymore. I'm gonna be leavin' the company. Well I enjoyed being your pimp and all, it's just that... when I see real love, like what those two people have, well, well it just makes me feel like a... well, like a dick. Well I may be a man now, but it doesn't mean I have the right to be earnin' money for what girls do, whether you're chargin' fellers for kisses by cash or by makin' them listen to your stupid motherfuckin' problems. Well that's your hard work. Bitches, this is your company now, so get out there, and make yourselves some motherfuckin' money!"
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Scene Description,The Swiss château. The camera zooms in from a great distance. Bishop and Yates are enjoying their new home.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,Happy anniversary baby. [slips a diamond necklace on Yates' neck] Do you like 'em?
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"I love 'em, darling."
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Keshawn,I wanted to get you something extra-special.
Butters' Bottom Bitch,Yates,"[reaches down to get something] Well hold on. I've got something for you too, my love. I just put it right over here by the... [whips out his gun and badge] FREEZE!! Ha! You're busted, buddy! I'm a cop!"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"A professional wrestling ring. John Cena and Edge are in the ring with two lady wrestlers. One of them wears a pink bra, the other a black one."
W.T.F.,John Cena,"Say that again, Edge! You think you're better than me?!"
W.T.F.,Edge,"Cena, your mouth has gotten you in trouble for the last time! I'm gonna shut it up for you!"
W.T.F.,Spectators,Oooooooooooooooooooooo!
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Mess him up, Edge!"
W.T.F.,Obese woman,Kick his ass! WOO!
W.T.F.,John Cena,"Oh yeah?! I've got somethin' else to tell you, Edge! I slept with Vanessa last night. [everyone boos. Vanessa, the one with the pink bra, is embarrassed and tries to hide her face]"
W.T.F.,Redneck 1,"[his vest has a tag that says ""Eddie"" on it] Cena slept with Edge's girlfriend?"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Oh my God, dude, this is sooo awesome!"
W.T.F.,Stan,I'm having the best time!
W.T.F.,Edge,"[a huge image of himself is on a massive TV screen behind him] You cheated, and took my belt from me, and now I can't hardly get work wrestling! You took muh girl AND you took my job! [all gasp]"
W.T.F.,Darryl,He took his job!
W.T.F.,Redneck 2,He took his jrrr?
W.T.F.,Redneck 3,"Took hid drrr! [Edge throws down the mic and prepares to attack Cena. Edge slaps Cena hard enough that Cena falls to the ground, then does a victory pose. The ladies begin to wrestle]"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Oh, sweet! [the woman in black bra pulls on the other woman's arm using her right leg as leverage, then begins pummeling her. Cena throws Edge against the ropes]"
W.T.F.,Edge,"Whoa... [flies off the ropes and into Cena's clothesline, which sends him to the floor on his back.]"
W.T.F.,Butters,Yes! Yehhehehes!
W.T.F.,Cartman,This is awesome!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"The Pepsi Center, night. The show has ended and the fans are pouring out of the center towards their cars. The boys come out as well: Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny, Butters, Jimmy, and Token."
W.T.F.,Cartman,Dude! That was so badass!
W.T.F.,Kyle,Wrestling is awesome!
W.T.F.,Stan,This is it you guys! We know what our calling in life is now. Tomorrow we are signing up for wrestling class! [the other boys cheer this decision.]
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, after school, gym. A sign on the gym door says the junior wrestling club is meeting at 4:15. The gym has new windows. The seven boys are present, all wearing protective gear and wrestling uniforms. They look down at their uniforms."
W.T.F.,Cartman,The fuck is this?!
W.T.F.,Stan,[a couple of seconds later] Why did they have us put on long underwear.
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Well ah I guess in wrestling we're supposed to make our own outfit, and then wear it over this."
W.T.F.,Butters,"Ohhh. Yeah, that makes sense."
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Alright, so did everyone settle on their wrestling names?"
W.T.F.,Cartman,I did. I'm the Rad Russian. [affects a fake Russian accent] I come from Russian to crush your puny capitalist heads!
W.T.F.,Coach,[arriving] Alright boys! I'm really glad to see we have some new recruits interested in the fine sport of wrassling.
W.T.F.,Kyle,Cool!
W.T.F.,Stan,Yeah!
W.T.F.,Butters,Let's do this!
W.T.F.,Cartman,All right!
W.T.F.,Coach,"Now, the first thing we're gonna learn today are the fundamental wrassling holds. Let's get some volunteers. Uh why don't come over here young man? What's your name?"
W.T.F.,Cartman,The Rad Russian.
W.T.F.,Coach,What?
W.T.F.,Cartman,"You capitalist swine, I'll crush you!"
W.T.F.,Coach,"Okay uh, just go ahead and get on your hands and knees."
W.T.F.,Cartman,Huh?
W.T.F.,Coach,"Just, down on, down on the floor. [Cartman bends over a bit, unsure of how to do this, given his girth] Hands and knees. [the coach helps him out in getting into position.]"
W.T.F.,Cartman,Okay...
W.T.F.,Coach,Alright and now how about you. Your name is?
W.T.F.,Butters,Triceratops!
W.T.F.,Coach,"Uh, all right, uh cu, come on over here. I'm gonna position you in the official wrassling starting position. [drapes Butters over Cartman] Here- we- go."
W.T.F.,Cartman,The fuck is this?!
W.T.F.,Coach,Now just reach around him here. Good.
W.T.F.,Cartman,Dude! Dude! DUDE! [jumps to his feet] The fuck are you doing?!
W.T.F.,Coach,Get back on the floor! I'm teaching the starting position of wrassling!
W.T.F.,Cartman,"That's not wrestling, dude, that's fucking gay!"
W.T.F.,Stan,"Yeah, what are you? A child molester?"
W.T.F.,Kyle,Where's all the cool costumes and jumping off ropes and stuff?!
W.T.F.,Coach,"Oh, not this again! Let me guess: you just went to that stupid WWE show in Denver last night!"
W.T.F.,The boys,Yeah! [all smiles]
W.T.F.,Coach,"Ugh. [the boys frown at this] The WWE is not wrassling! That's a bunch of fake bullcrap! How stupid are you! Real wrassling, boys, is this! [spreads his arms out to indicate the floor and their uniforms - practice, practice, practice]"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Well this is fucking lame dude! Let's get the hell out of here, guys. [they all take off their headgear and walk away]"
W.T.F.,Stan,"Yeah, this guy probably wants to take pictures of us naked."
W.T.F.,Butters,"I got, half a mind to report, r-report you to the police, sir! [throws his headgear on the floor and walks away glaring back at the coach]"
W.T.F.,Coach,Rrrgh!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He holds up a program written in crayon."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"The Wrestling Takedown Federation has several matches planned today. Alright, sooo, here's how we'll do this, guys. I'll come out to the ring first and then Jimmy, you come in and tell me you're gonna kick my ass. Then I'm gonna say ""You slept with my girlfriend,"" and I'll charge you into a head slap."
W.T.F.,Jimmy,Sounds good.
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Then Butters, you come in as the ref all like ""No no, the fight hasn't started yet,"" and that's when Jimmy sneaks up from behind and hits me over the head with a foldaway chair."
W.T.F.,Butters,Okey doke.
W.T.F.,Jimmy,So is that when I t- tell you that your girlfriend is a whore?
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Noo, let's save the ""girlfriend is a whore"" line until after Stan headbutts Butters for trying to stop the fight again."
W.T.F.,Butters,"Hmboy, wrestling sure is fun!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Alright are you ready to try this, guys?"
W.T.F.,Stan,Yup.
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Alright, let's start wrestlin'. [the boys take their starting positions]"
W.T.F.,Jimmy,I am gonna k-kick your ass!
W.T.F.,Cartman,"You slept with my girlfriend, Hammerclaw! [Cartman slaps him hard, and Jimmy falls. Butters intervenes.]"
W.T.F.,Butters,"Hey! No! No, the fight hasn't started yet. No, bad."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Hey! He slept with my girlfriend, referee! In my country we don't wait for a bell, miste-[Jimmy sneaks up behind him with a folding chair and smashes it into the back of his head, making him fall forward] ah!"
W.T.F.,Jimmy,Your girlfriend is a whore!
W.T.F.,Cartman,"[whispers aloud] Wait for it, wait for the whore line."
W.T.F.,Jimmy,"[softly] Oh, I'm sorry."
W.T.F.,Token,"You're gonna get it now, Hammerclaw!"
W.T.F.,Stan,We'll see about that!
W.T.F.,Butters,Now hold on! I am stopping the fight! [Stan headbutts him] Eoh!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,A park behind the Cartman house. The wall separating the backyard from the field is gone.
W.T.F.,Redneck 4,What's goin' on?
W.T.F.,Redneck 5,Apparently that crippled kid slept with that Russian kid's girlfriend.
W.T.F.,Redneck 4,Jeez they're so young.
W.T.F.,Scene Description,First match.
W.T.F.,Kyle,"I'll kill you, Triceratops! You made fun of my crippled mother!"
W.T.F.,Butters,"That's because your mother betrayed my mother, Juggernaut!"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,Second match.
W.T.F.,Stan,You don't come to this country and make fun of it!
W.T.F.,Cartman,And just vhat do you care about your pitiful country?!
W.T.F.,Stan,I served my country! I fought for two years in Vietnam.
W.T.F.,Scene Description,From the seats in the backyard.
W.T.F.,Redneck 6,"That kid was in 'Nam? Man, that's incredible!"
W.T.F.,Redneck 7,Good for you for serving your country!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Out on the street, a redneck runs to tell the rednecks haning out on a truck."
W.T.F.,Redneck 8,"Guys, check this out! There's this little kid from the Congo, who was raised by panthers!"
W.T.F.,Redneck 9,Are you serious?
W.T.F.,Scene Description,Third match.
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Just admit it, Congo! Admit that you lied about me to Irene!"
W.T.F.,Token,I admit nothing! Maybe Irene lied to you!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,From the seats in the backyard. There are more chairs present.
W.T.F.,Redneck 10,That kid in the hat is havin' sex with two different girls?
W.T.F.,Redneck 11,"Naw, that little kid from the Congo lied about one of them to try and get the kid in the hat in trouble with his wife."
W.T.F.,Redneck 12,They're married?
W.T.F.,Scene Description,Fourth match intro.
W.T.F.,Jimmy,"You have to forfeit the fight, Rad Russian! You cannot fight until your test results come ba-back!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"I might have to wait for my hepatitis test, but in the mean time, I have brought my comrade from Mexico to wrestle against you!"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,From the seats in the backyard.
W.T.F.,Redneck 9,That Russian kid's got hepatitis?
W.T.F.,Scene Description,Fourth match.
W.T.F.,Announcer,"And here he comes now, the cold-blooded wrestler from Mexico, El Pollo Loco! [Kenny, dressed as a masked luchador, comes out to mariachi fanfare and sparklers. The spectators clap and cheer him on]"
W.T.F.,Jimmy,"What are you doing here, El, El Pollo Loco?"
W.T.F.,Kenny,(I came here to kick your ass once and for all!)
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Nighttime. The wrestling matches are coming one after the other, connected by convoluted plot lines and story arcs."
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Your girlfriend doesn't even like you, Stan the Man! She likes me!"
W.T.F.,Stan,You have no idea what you're saying Juggernaut! Irene loves me and I'm gonna marry her!
W.T.F.,Kyle,"If she wants to be with you, how about you have her tell all these people here?"
W.T.F.,Announcer,"Uh oh, here she comes now! It's Bad Irene! [Cartman, dressed as a diva, walks out of the dressing room and towards the ring. The crowd hoots and hollers. She climbs right in and takes the mic from Stan's hand]"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Let me tell you something! Let me tell you something! It's true, I love Stan the Man with all my heart, but... I want to be with Juggernaut now."
W.T.F.,Stan,What?!
W.T.F.,Redneck 13,No! No! What are you doing?! Stan the Man loves you!
W.T.F.,Redneck 14,Don't break his heart!
W.T.F.,Stan,"If you love Juggernaut, Irene, then tell him what you did two years ago! How you killed his child!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,It's true. I was pregnant with your child and aborted it. [the crowd boos and expresses its disapproval]
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Irene, no! Why?"
W.T.F.,Cartman,Do you know what it's like to have an abortion at seven years old? DO YOU? I've had so many abortions. I just... got addicted to them.
W.T.F.,Redneck 15,"Whoa, did you hear that?"
W.T.F.,Redneck 16,Shh!
W.T.F.,Stan,"Irene, you said you loved me!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"I'm not in love with you, I'm in love with abortions. Don't you undestand?! [screams, runs up to Stan with a steel chair, and smashes him with it, knocking him down]"
W.T.F.,Spectators,Ohhhh! [Kyle runs up to Cartman and knocks him down with a flying kick] Ahhhh!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Bar, night. A bunch of men are gathered at the bar chatting."
W.T.F.,Darryl,"I'm telling you guys, you've got to see this. These kids ain't more than eight or nine years old an' they got more problems than you can imagine."
W.T.F.,Redneck 13,"There's this one kid, he saw his father get murdered. And yesterday he finds the killer, and it's this other kid whose an ex-cop. Needless to say, he whupped his ass good."
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Yup, and there's this little girl, she's actually addicted to gettin' abortions. Got pregnant by nearly every boy there."
W.T.F.,Redneck 17,You're shittin' me!
W.T.F.,Redneck 13,"No! We're telling you these kids are fucking crazy! You gotta check it out! [the wrestling coach is sitting nearby, stewing at the conversation]"
W.T.F.,Darryl,You can watch 'em almost every afternoon. It's some of the greatest wrestlin' we ever seen.
W.T.F.,Coach,[rises from his seat and approaches the men at he bar] It isn't real! Don't you people understand that stuff isn't real?! None of it! How stupid are you?! [Skeeter and another bar patron look at each other]
W.T.F.,Redneck 13,"[strokes his chin thoughtfully] What do you mean, it ain't real?"
W.T.F.,Coach,It's all made up! Fiction! Real wrassling is a serious and respectable sport! Why can't you people understand that that kind of wrestling isn't real?!
W.T.F.,Darryl,"[walks up to the coach] Mister, there's a little girl out there who's had fourteen abortions, an' she ain't even ten yet. But I guess that's just [holds up two fingers on each hand in a quote gesture] ""not real"" to you! [turns and walks back to the bar, saying under his breath] Son of a bitch."
W.T.F.,Coach,Look look look! [whips out his iPhone to show them] THIS is wrestling. THIS. [two men are shown wrestling in Greco-Roman style. There's a lot of grunting in the match. The bar patrons watch the little screen for a few seconds]
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Mister, you'd better take your gay porn an' walk right out of this bar."
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, a new dressing room. The boys prepare for their matches. Stan looks out through the curtains."
W.T.F.,Stan,"Holy crap dude, there's a huge turnout tonight."
W.T.F.,Kyle,Good thing we made those changes to the seating.
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Alright you guys, let's bring it in. [the boys huddle and hold hands] I think we've done a really great job and let's just keep the energy up, you know, have a good flow, and have fun out there, okay?"
W.T.F.,Butters,Yeah!
W.T.F.,Kyle,Let's do this! One! Two!
W.T.F.,Boys,Backyard wrestling!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, moments later. The yard has been transformed into a Greek amphitheater. A façade now covers the back side of the house and a wrestling ring is in the amphitheater's pit. The place looks filled to capacity with people chattering, waiting for the matches to begin. The amphitheater lights dim and the crowd cheers as the wrestlers come out."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Oh what a perfect night for fighting. Lo, the moon sets upon the tips of the trees and I, the man known as the Rad Russian, start to stir with the excitement of violence."
W.T.F.,Stan,"Only a country like yours can breed men of such discontent, Rad Russian. But you don't know what real pain is! PAIN! Like I've known. Abandoned when I was four years old by my parents. Left to die in a cold and dark sewage tunnel!"
W.T.F.,Redneck 13,"Gee, I didn't know his parents did that."
W.T.F.,Redneck 18,Shhh.
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, principal's office, day. Principal Victoria is talking with the wrestling coach."
W.T.F.,Principal Victoria,"I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid we have to terminate your employment here at South Park Elementary."
W.T.F.,Coach,You're firing me? Why?!
W.T.F.,Principal Victoria,"The school board has decided to discontinue the wrestling program. Wrestling simply involves too much adult subject matter, like murder and abortion. [shows him the South Park Gazette, which has the headline ""Kids Wrestle with Adult Issues""]"
W.T.F.,Coach,"No, this isn't wrassling! THIS ISN'T WRASSLING! Principal Victoria, just let me stay on and I can teach kids what real wrassling is!"
W.T.F.,Principal Victoria,"I'm sorry, the board has made up their minds."
W.T.F.,Coach,You can't fire me for what these kids do!
W.T.F.,Principal Victoria,That isn't the only reason you're being let go.
W.T.F.,Coach,What do you mean?
W.T.F.,Principal Victoria,"[sighs] We... found all the gay porn on your iPhone, Mr. Conners."
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"The wrestling dressing room, day. The boys are dressing up for another round of wrestling matches. Kyle and Token are talking."
W.T.F.,Kyle,So I'm thinking we do the part about Jimmy's relationship with his alcoholic father after you smash Butters onto the table.
W.T.F.,Token,"Oh! Sure, that works."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"[rushing in with a letter] You guys! You guys, listen to this! It's amazing!"
W.T.F.,Kyle,What dude? [the other boys gather 'round]
W.T.F.,Cartman,We just received a letter from the WWE.
W.T.F.,Stan,From the professional wrestlers we saw in Denver?
W.T.F.,Butters,No way!
W.T.F.,Cartman,"""Gentlemen, We have heard of your wrestling organization and are quite interested in its popularity. The WWE is delighted to inform you that it will be sending a talent scout, President Vince McMahon to view your wrestling event this Saturday the twenty-fourth."""
W.T.F.,Stan,Vince McMahon is coming to see us?
W.T.F.,Kyle,"This is our shot at making it into the WWE. To be real wrestlers. [Stan and Kyle begin chanting ""Omigod!"" repeatedly]"
W.T.F.,Stan,Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod! Omigod!..
W.T.F.,Kyle,Oh my God... Oh my God...
W.T.F.,Token,I can't believe it's him.
W.T.F.,Butters,I'm freaking out...
W.T.F.,Kyle,[fans himself] Omigod! Omigod! Omigod!
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Okay guys! Guys, listen! We seriously have to focus here! We have exactly three days before the scout is here to see us wrestle. We gotta step it up and work it like never before."
W.T.F.,Stan,Alright it's time to start the second act. Let's bring the crowd back in from intermission and then improvise some stuff for Saturday!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Intermission. The crowd is milling around in the front lawn, and the darkened amphitheater is visible behind the fence."
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Yeah, no I I think Congo is a great wrestler; I just think Rad Russian has his number."
W.T.F.,Redneck 19,"Yeah, but Rad Russian has a lot of abandonment issues. [a chime sounds, indicating the start of the second act]"
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Uh oh, it looks like the intermission is over, better head back."
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"The amphitheater. The lights come up on Kyle in the ring, who begins to speak."
W.T.F.,Kyle,"I left my wife today. Walked out of the apartment without saying a word. I ran away from my responsibilities... just like I always do. [an elderly fan holds up a sign: ""STOP RUNNING JUGGERNAUT""] And I, again, am alone. [Stan, Butters, and Token climb into the ring behind him]"
W.T.F.,Stan,"Here he is, hiding in the forest as I told you. [Kyle turns to see the other three boys]"
W.T.F.,Butters,Juggernaut! There is to be an Ultimate Smackdown this Saturday! Are you going to run from that as well?
W.T.F.,Kyle,"I'll fight anytime, anywhere!"
W.T.F.,Redneck 20,"He don't run from fights, just from responsibilities. [Token swings a chair into the back of Kyle's head, and Kyle falls to the floor]"
W.T.F.,Crowd,Oohhhhh! [Token begins to twist Kyle's arm] Boooooooo!
W.T.F.,Stan,"What do I do? Juggernaut is my long lost brother. [Kenny climbs into the ring as El Pollo Loco] And yet Congo saved my life in Nam. [Kenny picks up the chair and swings it into Token, and Stan turns to see him]"
W.T.F.,Announcer,"It's El Pollo Loco! [a section full of Mexican fans hold up a Mexican flag and two banners: ""Viva El Pollo Loco"" and ""Me Gusta El Pollo Loco""]"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Sizzler, Thursday. The four boys are seated at a table."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Thanks for coming, guys. I'm sure you're wondering why I've called you here to Sizzler."
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Yeah, what's this about? We should be writing our monologues for Smackdown."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Well guys, Kenny and I have been talking."
W.T.F.,Kenny,"(Yeah, we've been talking.)"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"And, I mean, Smackdown might be our one shot at making it into the WWE, right? I mean a shot like this might never come again."
W.T.F.,Stan,Yeah?
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Well, the way we see it, we have three primary obstacles in making Smackdown a great show: Token, Butters, Jimmy."
W.T.F.,Kenny,(Yep.)
W.T.F.,Kyle,What are you talking about?
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Guys, let's face it: they can't wrestle for crap! I mean, every time I wrestle with one of them, they flub a line or blow their monologue. And Token? He has no emotion, no timing, he's the worst wrestler I've ever seen!"
W.T.F.,Stan,He's right.
W.T.F.,Kyle,What?
W.T.F.,Stan,"Dude, it's really hard to do your best wrestling when you're up against Token."
W.T.F.,Cartman,Right?
W.T.F.,Stan,"And Butters and Jimmy I mean, they're okay but, they're never gonna make it as professional wrestlers."
W.T.F.,Kyle,"Well, so then WWE will recruit us and not them."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"No dude, they're gonna hurt our chances."
W.T.F.,Kenny,(They're gonna hurt our chances.)
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Because we all know that the new material I've written is stuff those guys can't handle, and we'll suffer from it!"
W.T.F.,Kyle,So what do we do?
W.T.F.,Kenny,(We've gotta bring somebody else on.)
W.T.F.,Cartman,Yep. We've gotta bring somebody else on who can handle the more difficult roles that we can wrestle against instead of those guys.
W.T.F.,Stan,"Somebody who can do the harder stuff we've written so that Token, Butters, and Jimmy can have smaller parts."
W.T.F.,Kyle,How do we find somebody who can wrestle that well?
W.T.F.,Cartman,It's simple. We just gotta hold tryouts.
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Tryouts, later on. Syncopated music plays, similar to ""All That Jazz."" The four boys are seated at a table a few rows up in the amphitheater."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Number seventeen step forward, please? [a man steps forward shielding his eyes from the glare of the spotlights] You're wrestling a Muslim immigrant. You suspect he could be a terrorist and your parents died in the 9/11 attacks. Go!"
W.T.F.,Number 17,"[gets into a slight crouch] You dirty Muslim bastard! I don't trust you, and I never will! Do you know how it feels to lose your parents?! No you wouldn't, you smelly brown Middle Eastern piece of sh-"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Thank you! Number twenty-four? [another man steps forth as Number 17 returns to his place] You're wrestling for the right to marry Mackenzie Phillips, but just learned that she had sex with her father uh, go!"
W.T.F.,Number 24,"Your father! Your own father! [slaps himself four times] I don't care if you were on drugs, you sick! Whore!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,Thank you. [Number 24 returns to his place]
W.T.F.,Kyle,That guy's a pretty good wrestler.
W.T.F.,Kenny,(Mhm.)
W.T.F.,Stan,"Yeah yeah, not bad."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Let's see uh, can we get number thirty seven to step forward again. [Number 37 steps forward] We just wanna get to know you all a little better. What can you tell us about yourself?"
W.T.F.,Number 37,"Not a whole lot to tell, really. Was born in Fort Collins, started watching wrestling when I was four years old. My father... he liked it too. Until he died. [stirring music begins to play] Sometimes I think it's 'cause of him I followed this dream. [breaks into song] All my life, all I ever wanted was to Beeeee a wrestler Fiiiiighting in the ring Winning that belt. And so I dreamed every night that I was the Uuuuundertaaker Smaaaaashing skulls in Breaking arms. But I'm so worked up. This is something I can do. Do I have what it takes inside?"
W.T.F.,Stan,"Damn dude, that is some badass wrestling."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Yeah, this guy crushes."
W.T.F.,Scene Description,The coach's trophy room. A whole bunch of wrestling trophies and awards are shown as the camera pans to the right. The coach is seated in his armchair.
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,"It isn't fair. All my hard work. [he's reading Saturday's Gazette, which has Vince McMahon's picture and name under the headline ""Wrestling Smackdown Brings WWE President""] I'm not going to take it anymore. [he throws the paper to the floor, gets up from the chair, and walks over to a mirror.] That wrestling show is in for a big surprise. [grabs his headgear and puts it on] I'm putting an end to this once and for all! [gets into a wrestling stance] Hyaaaaa!"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, Saturday night. A banner under the second-floor windows reads ""ULTIMATE SMACKDOWN TONIGHT!!!"" People from all over South Park gather on the front lawn. A white limo with the WWE logo emblazened on it comes to a stop in front of the house."
W.T.F.,Kyle,[standing on a stool by the front window] He's here! Vince McMahon is here! [the other boys arrive. An assistant opens the back door and Vince steps out and surveys the front yard.]
W.T.F.,Jimmy,"Oowow, it's really him."
W.T.F.,Stan,"He's here, Ohh my God [Kyle hops off the stool and joins Stan in the chant] Omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod omigod o-"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"[preparing to dress as Irene] Alright, places everyone."
W.T.F.,Scene Description,The backyard amphitheater. The lights go out and two spotlights light up the ring.
W.T.F.,Cartman,"[over the speakers] Welcome to this performance of Wrestling Takedown Federation: Smackdown. [An opera box has been built to accommodate McMahon. It has four seats, and an usher takes McMahon and assistant to their seats. Vince has his own personal Playbill with ""WTF"" on the cover]"
W.T.F.,Stan,"Juggernaut? Juggernaut, hey, what's goin' on?"
W.T.F.,Kyle,You know what's goin' on. It's Smackdown tonight. Which means we might have to fight each other.
W.T.F.,Stan,"Heyhey whoa, you shouldn't be fighting anybody. What about your cancer?"
W.T.F.,Kyle,Wait a minute. Who is that?
W.T.F.,Stan,"It's Triceratops, and he's with Irene. [Coach Connors sneaks up to the side of Cartman's house with a briefcase and puts his back up against the wall]"
W.T.F.,Kyle,"You aren't welcome here, Triceratops!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,My man can do whatever he wants.
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,"Stay calm, you know what you have to do."
W.T.F.,Cartman,You're just gonna have to deal with that.
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,For the good of real wrassling. [quickly moves away and out of sight]
W.T.F.,Butters,"No Irene, please! Just this once, do not abort this baby!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"My body, my rights! In fact, I'm jonesing for the rush so badly, I don't think I'll make it to the clinic."
W.T.F.,Stan,"No, you can't possibly mean that-!"
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Yes! I think maybe I'll have another abortion! Right here, right now!"
W.T.F.,Crowd,Awwwww!
W.T.F.,Kyle,"There's someone here to wrestle you, Irene! A baby you aborted many years ago survived! And he's here now!"
W.T.F.,Number 37,[leaps into view in yellow tights and red boots] Mother! Why did you abort me? Why?
W.T.F.,Redneck 21,He's alive!
W.T.F.,Cartman,You! Get back in the trashcan where you belong!
W.T.F.,Scene Description,The opera box.
W.T.F.,Assistant,What do you think?
W.T.F.,Stan,"Irene, there's no way we could let you here, and I'd let you do something informal like that."
W.T.F.,Vince,They are decent wrestlers. We'll see how they develop their through lines in the second act. [whips out some opera glasses and puts them on]
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"Under the bleachers. Coach Connors is sneaking around, occasionally going into a wrestling stance."
W.T.F.,Jimmy,"Aha! I thought I would find you here, Triceratops!"
W.T.F.,Butters,Stay out of my business Sergeant Hammerclaw! You just stay out of my way!
W.T.F.,Guard,"[catching up to the coach] Excuse me. I'm sorry, I'm afraid this area is off limits."
W.T.F.,Butters,[after Jimmy says something] Are you sure?
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,Oh don't mind me. [puts down his briefcase] I was just about to- [quickly gets the guard to the ground and takes up the starting position of wrassling.]
W.T.F.,Guard,[seems to be enjoying all the moves and grunts the coach is making] Heh whoa-ho! Heh hey! Whoawhoawhoa. Whoahoho. Eheheh. The fuck is this?
W.T.F.,Scene Description,The backyard amphitheater. The next segment begins with the Rad Russian holding court while the other wrestlers sway to the music behind him.
W.T.F.,Cartman,"O, how I long for the spring meadows of Russia! The soft Russian sky!"
W.T.F.,Scene Description,An upper floor under the bleachers. The coach climbs up a ladder to this floor and sets his briefcase down. He opens the case and assembles the rocket-propeled grenade launcher inside it.
W.T.F.,Stan,"When are you going to face reality, Congo? Just because you were raised by panthers doesn't mean you are one!"
W.T.F.,Butters,He's closer to a panther than you'll ever be!
W.T.F.,Jimmy,"Lies! These are all a bunch of lies! [back to the ring. Kenny has a bloody baby doll under his left arm. A fake umbilical cord is attached to it] Now you listen here, El, Pollo Loco! It doesn't matter if your wife was killed, you cannot keep Irene's aborted baby!"
W.T.F.,Kenny,(I can keep the baby...)
W.T.F.,Scene Description,"The railing at the very top of the amphitheater, behind the topmost seats. The coach climbs up and over it with his RPGL."
W.T.F.,Cartman,"Just let them crawl back to Mexico Sergeant Hammerclaw. [The coach picks up the RPGL, puts it on his shoulder, and takes aim] We can't... might as well go back to your land of burritos, tacos, and take this aborted baby where it will fit in right with all the other aborted babies in Mexico!"
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,"[while Cartman speaks] Only one shot. [moves his aim from the ring to the opera box] Maximum damage. [zooms in on McMahon] This is all your fault, you WWE president asshole! Your fault we all die here. Right. Now. FOR WRASSLING! [fires the launcher and the rocket takes off. It goes towards the façade, but stops and drops harmlessly into the ring] NO! [Kenny picks it up. It comes back to life and takes off with him holding on. They go all over the place, but finally take off into the sky, where the grenade blows up and releases fireworks. Below, Mexican fans of El Pollo Loco hold up banners: ""Viva El Pollo Loco"" ""Me Gusta El Pollo Loco""]"
W.T.F.,Fan 1,"O dios mio, mataron al Pollo Loco!"
W.T.F.,Fan 2,Bastardos! [Kenny's theme music comes up as the fireworks continue coming down. Vince and his assistant stand up and applaud the performance]
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,"[coming down the bleachers towards the ring] No! No, shut up! [steps into the ring] You idiots want wrassling?! This is wrassling! [performs some wrestling stances and grunts, but gets booed]"
W.T.F.,Redneck 22,We want some real wrestlers!
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,This is just a bunch of garbage! And you are all ruining the good name of wrassling! [the boos continue] Wrassling is from ancient Greece! It's in the Olympics!
W.T.F.,Darryl,What the hell do you care?! Get off the wrestlin' mat! Boo!
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,Why do I care? These kids made it so real wrassling is gone from schools! It's practically gone from the culture. Damn it they took my job!
W.T.F.,Crowd,[suddenly confused] Huh? What?
W.T.F.,Redneck 5,They took his job.
W.T.F.,Redneck 23,"I know. Sshh. [the crowd falls silent, waiting for his next words]"
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,"You want to know pain? Pain is dedicating your entire life to a sport, to a career, and then having it all ripped away from you like a babe from its mother."
W.T.F.,Darryl,"Oh man, they took his job?"
W.T.F.,Redneck 13,They took hid-drr.
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,Lost everything! Couldn't even afford to pay for my... little retriever Rex anymore! Animal Control came and got him!
W.T.F.,Redneck 24,They took his dog!
W.T.F.,Redneck 25,They tok hid-drr!
W.T.F.,Redneck 5,Took hid-drrr!
W.T.F.,Mr. Conners,"I ended up on the streets, stealing! Got busted by the police and had to spend the night in jail! The other inmates, they all beat me up and fractured my jaw to where I couldn't eat!"
W.T.F.,Redneck 26,They broke his jaw!
