The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Barkeep,GET OUT!!! [walks over and turns the TV to a baseball game]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The Boys,Aaah!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"[the first to head for the door] Come on, we gotta get to a TV! [the others follow]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Oh, you've gotta be kidding me!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park. The TV, now a robot, marches through town blasting holes into buildings. Chef follows behind on a cell phone."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"Yes, is this customer service? I'm havin' problems with my new television. It sprouted legs and guns 'n started walkin' around shootin' people. Uh huh. Okay. Ohhh, so I press ""menu,"" then ""function."" [presses the buttons. The TV shoots at a man locking up a store, making him spill his groceries and fall on his back. The TV stops]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Townsman,Jesus! [gets up and runs] Waaaah! [the TV moves forward again]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"No, that didn't work. Did I set the internal clock? Uh, no. [listens] Oh, really? Well, how do I do that?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Shady Acres, A Retirement Community. The boys rush in and head for the empty seats in the TV room."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Find the remote! Find the remote! Hold it! [once the boys are in place, Stan walks over to the TV and turns it on. ""Puppies From Around The World"" comes on, and Stan quickly changes the channel to the Russell Crowe show]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,We're not too late! [the boys grin]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Come on, Tugger ol' mate. Why are you lookin' so down?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"Mooot, mooot."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,[whispers to the camera] Tugger's in a bit of a sad state. Seems his girlfriend and him had a bit of a row last night.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,Mooooot.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old Man,"[everyone watches silently, then] ...What is this?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Come on. Cheer up, Tugger. How can I make you feel better? I know! [grabs a guitar off-screen and prepares to play it.] How would you like me to sing one of the songs off me new album?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,[shakes its smokestack with each protest] Nooo! Nooooo!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"What's that, Tugger? You say you really love the songs on my album?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,Noooooooooo! [shakes its smokestack]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Alright then, Tugger. [begins strumming]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"Noo, no! [shakes its smokestack]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,You know that you're my baby. You know I need you now.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"[tries to escape, but can't, as it's tied to the dock] Noooooooooo! [shakes its smokestack]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"I don't know where I'm goin', I gotta get there some, yeah gotta get there, somehow."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"[returns and tries to rip itself away towards the right with all its might] Noooooooooo! [turns and tries to pull itself away towards the left, but can't]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,Gotta get there somehow.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"[continues to struggle] Noooooooooo! [turns and tries to pull itself away towards the left, but can't]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"You can stay away tonight, but I'm gonna sleep here, in my explosive clouds..."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"[returns, then takes out its arms for the first time] NOOOOO! [pulls out some giant earmuffs and places them over the cabin doors. It shakes violently as Russell lunges into a faster rhythm]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"SHOUT! Think I feel your heartbeat, can you feel mine... lady lookin' lovely, gotta take your love inside, gotta take it..."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,"[struggles fiercely] NOOOOO! NOOOOO! [throws its earmuffs off, reaches for a pistol and places it against its smokestack. Tugger fires the gun, and it falls into the water with a splash. Russell stops singing once he hears the gunshot..]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,[spins around] Tugger! [drops to the edge of the dock and looks down at the water. Tugger is on its side leaking oil] Tugger shot himself!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Announcer,[the show logo pops up] Has Russell lost Tugger for good? Find out after these messages.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Shady Acres TV room.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Here we go!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Commercial Break Number Two! [the boys are positively giddy with anticipation]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Announcer,"And now back to Russell Crowe, Fightin' Around The World!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,That's it? That's all the commercials?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,They didn't play the Terrance & Phillip trailer again!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,I knew it. They're waiting until the very last commercial break.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Ugh! We're gonna end up watching this whole retarded Russell Crowe show!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show. Russell Crowe is sobbing on a sofa in a hospital hallway.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Tugger! Why'd you do it, Tugger?! [a doctor approaches him] Doctor! Tell me how he is, doctor!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Doctor,"Well, he's a very sick little tugboat."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Shady Acres TV room.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old man,"What is this? We wanna watch ""Puppies From Around The World."""
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old woman,Yeah. We don't like this show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Shh. Okay?! Old people need to be quiet right now!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"You gotta save him, Doc! Tugger! 'E's my best friend! The only friend in the world who would-"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Doctor,"He's going to live, but-"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[lifts the doctor up by the collar] Oi! Don't you interrupt me, you vag-oina! I was givin' a heart-wrenchin' soliloquy about me feelings for Tugger!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Doctor,Sorry.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[lets the doctor down and crosses the hall to the opposite wall] Oh, Tugger! Tugger, the world won't be as bright without ya, mate! Give it to me straight, doctor! Will Tugger live?! Tell me the truth!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Doctor,...Now?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Yes, now's fine."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Doctor,"Oh. Uh, your tugboat's going to be okay. He just needs an oil change and a new steamstack."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[quickly brightens and approaches the camera] Ooo, de-lolly! D'you hear that, everybody?! Tugger's gonna be okay! D'you know what that makes me feel like doin'? Foightin'! [turns around and punches the doctor out, then punches a man on crutches out, lifts him up again, and punches him out again.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Shady Acres TV room.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old man,This show is too violent! Put the puppies back on!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old folks,Yeah!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old woman 2,Please.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Shut up! Shut the hell up! We're watching this until the next commercial and that's final, old people!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Old man 2,"All right, that does it! We know how to get our way! Everyone, on the count of three, release your bowels! One! Two! [everyone farts and the boys are astonished.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The boys,[bury their noses in their jackets] Awww!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,Eewww!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Oh, God, it's horrible! [the boys leave and exit the community]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Shady Acres entrance.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"That's disgusting, dude!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"God, I hate old people!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,We have to go to Butters' or Cartman's house! We have nowhere else to go!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"I told you, we can't go to my house!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,And my house is being fumigated!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Well, screw it! We'll watch it in your house even if it is being fumigated!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The neighborhood. The boys rush to Cartman's house.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Oh boy, we gotta hurry, guys! ...Come on! [Cartman struggles to keep up, blubbering all the while]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Cartman's house and garage, under purple and orange tarps. The boys enter a living room filled with fumigation gas, which makes the room look foggy."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Turn it on! Turn it on!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Crikey! Ol' Tugger looks healthy, happy, and [does a catcall] fit as a whistle!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Cartman's living room.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"It's okay, it's still the show."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"But you know, Tugger's attempted suicide made me realize that I should take up a cause. Most great actors take up causes, and I'm the greatest of 'em all! So, from now on I'm gonna spend all my spare time ...fighting cancer. [gets into a fighting stance] Right! Where is that pussy cancer anyway?!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Cartman's living room. the gas is overwhelming them, and they look ready to pass out."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"Oh, dude, I don't know how long I can take it."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Me neither. I'll be dead before the commercials. Wait a minute! I forgot there's a black and white television back at my house!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Will your sister let us watch it?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,She has to! [leads the boys out of Cartman's house]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The neighborhood. The boys rush back to Stan's house.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,Hurry! The commercials will be on any minute!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Aw! Oh man! Uh, uh uh uh..."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"[trailing the other three] Oh my god, eugh! Oh God! Oh, Jesus help me! [stops] Oh! I lost a doughnut! [turns around and heads back] Oooh! Oh oh! [stops] Oh my God! [turns around and tries to catch up with the others] Leave no doughnut behind!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,Stan's house. The boys reach the front door.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Oh Jesus! Wait.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,What?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"I never gave Shelly her tampons. She's been this whole time without them. [the boys are scared now. Slowly, Stan reaches up for the knob and turns it. The door flies open and a torrent of blood gushes through the door, flooding the boys back into the street.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The boys,"AAAAAAAaaaaaaaahhhhh. [Kyle shakes the blood off, Stan looks up and then at the front door, Butters sits up. A trail of blood is left from the interior of the house to the street, and Shelly looks out from her window]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Shelly,"I told you I needed tampons, tuurrddsss!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Look! Crack addicts with a television! [two men and a woman are shown watching a small TV on a box near some buildings. The boys walk up to them and watch the TV as well]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show. Russell is in a hospital room with Tugger.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Well, we couldn't find cancer, but we found a man with cancer. [he walks off and pulls in an old frail man with cancer, then delivers a blow] Take that, cancer! And that! [punches the old man again]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,Mooot Mooot! [Russell punches the old man behind the head and sends him to the floor]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"The last commercial break has to be coming any second! [two phaser blasts are seen. One kills the bearded crack addict, another knocks a trash can over. Chef's TV appears and the two remaining addicts and the boys scream]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,All,"AAAAA! [quickly move away. Chef's TV delivers a double blast to the small TV and destroys it, then moves off to its left.]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"[still following the TV and talking to customer service] ...Yes, I pressed ""menu"" three times! [listens] No! It's givin' me the same error message! [listens] Yes I read the instruction manual!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Luau's Toys, moments later. The boys run by."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The boys,[stopping] Where do we go?!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Oh Jesus! Now where do we go??
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"We've tried everywhere! Butters, are you absolutely sure we can't go to your house??"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,I'm sure! There's no way!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,Well why not?!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Uh because! Uh my parents are out of town, and I don't have a babysitter."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"[glares at Butters and slowly gets angry] Oh, God-dammit you better be kidding!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,No! I really don't have a babysitter. That's why I'm stayin' at Stan's.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,This whole time your TV is in a house with nobody in it?!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Come on, let's just go! We'll kill Butters later! [they run off]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Butters' house, minutes later. The boys burst through the front door."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,The boys,AAAAA!!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"The time has come! Turn it on, turn it on! [Stan is the first to reach the remote control, so he takes it and turn on the TV]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Russell Crowe show.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"And so we'll be right back, after these commercials."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,We made it! [grins]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,The last commercial break is starting!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Announcer,[the show logo appears] Don't go anywhere. Russell Crowe will be right back after a few more commercials. [the grins slowly fade to disappointment]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,These commercials are all so God-damn stupid!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Jesus Christ, how long is this commercial break gonna be??"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,What if they don't show the Terrance & Phillip trailer at all? What if we went through all of this for nothing?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,They have to show it! They promised they would!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"You guys, calm down. This is what TV shows always do. They make the last commercial break the longest."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,That's bull-crap! TV shows are gay!
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Wait a minute! Look! [points and reads from the TV] ""The following preview has..."" This is it! This is it!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,The Terrance & Phillip trailer.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Announcer,[Terrance & Phillip stand back to back. The camera starts with their legs and pans up] Coming this summer! The greatest Canadian duo of all time is back.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"Action music plays as the following words come flying at the viewer from the TV screen: ""THIS........ SUMMER........ TERRANCE........ AND........ PHILLIP........ WILL........ BLOW........ YOU........ AWAY........ AND....... WORDS...... WILL..... FLY.... AT... YOU.. VERY. FAST"" The music stops and Terrance & Phillip appear dressed as cowboys. Terrance farts, Phillip laughs, then ""ASSES OF FIRE"" appears with flames behind the words, then a large ""2"" lands next to the E in FIRE. It is set to come out June 21, 2002. It is rated R. It ends, and the boys take time to absorb it all."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,[tosses his popcorn into the air] Woohoo!!! [the popcrn showers all the boys as they begin to move around happily]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,"Stan, Kyle, Butters",Yeeeeesss! [begins dancing]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,That looks AWEsome! [Cartman goes to the phone and starting dialing a number]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,They were wearing cowboy hats! [to Stan] Did you see?? [to Butters] Did you see?? [Butters stops dancing]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"[on the phone] Clyde, Clyde? Did you see it? [Stan jumps up on the sofa alongside Cartman] Yeah, we- Whoa, we think it's gonna be good, too."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,"Oh, I'm so glad we didn't miss it! [picks up some popcorn and toses it up into the air]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"You guys, Clyde said he taped it and kids can come over now to see."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,"Oh, dude, let's go!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,Yeah. [the kids head for the front door]
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Kyle,"It looks even better than their first movie, huh?"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Cartman,"Yeah, it sure does!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Stan,I wonder if it's all a western?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Butters,How far away is June?
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"The Russell Crowe show, sunset. The sun is about to drop over the horizon behind Russell and Tugger."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"Well, we sure had a good time today, didn't we, kids? We fought some Chinamen, a few peckers, and a lot of Colombians, to name just a few. But I sure am glad we got ol' Wally B. back. Aren't you? [a wallaby hops into view]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Wally B.,"I'm glad to be back, Russey! [a woman and girl walk by, but stop and look]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,A girl,"Oh my God, it's Russell Crowe!"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[in the condescending falsetto] Oh my God it's Russell Crowe! Oh my bluh blah bluh!! [gets into his fighting stance] Why don't you go flush yourself down a toilet, you cu- [the girl's mother picks her up and hurries away]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Tugger,Mooo-oooo.
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Russell Crowe,"[puts his hand to his ear and gasps] Uh-oh, Tugger's whistle. You know what that means! [the wallaby hops to the boat as Russell backs away from the camera. He begins to sing as Wally B. turns around...] Tugger's whistle's blowin' Means we must be goin' No more Russell Crowein' for you. [does some boxing moves and then hops into the boat] But now don't you start to whine I'll see ya again next time. 'Cause there's plenty a-more a-fightin' left to do. [Wally B. hops closer, and finally into Russell's arms. Next shot, a departing Tugger, headed for the sunset. Russell appears and sings the signature line, slowing with every word] Makin' movies, makin' songs, an' fightin' round the world. See you next time, everybody! [waves to the camera]"
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Scene Description,"South Park, night. Chef's TV is still walking around, but this time away from town. It's showing the Russell Crowe show. Chef is still trying to shut it down."
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer,Chef,"So I'm supposed to press ""menu,"" then ""function,"" then ""enter."""
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, day. Cartman and Kyle stand inside watching Stan, who is peeking out the door, waiting for someone."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"[turns to the boys] Okay, here he comes. [join Cartman and Kyle]"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Who wants to tell him?
Professor Chaos,Cartman,I'll do it.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[joining the three] Hehey, fellas. I'm glad you called me. There was a pie-eating contest down at the firehouse, and I thought we should all go."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Butters, could you take a seat, please?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Wuh well, sure. [They all go before Cartman's desk. Cartman takes a seat behind the desk. Stan helps Butters to his seat, then takes a place at Cartman's right side Kyle is on Cartman's left.]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Butters, we have to have a very difficult conversation."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Wull what is it?
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Well, in the, in the months since our friend Kenny died, you've really stepped up as a friend and ""filled the gap,"" so to speak. [wiggles the index and middle fingers of each hand as a quote gesture]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Well uh, it's my pleasure! I love bein' you guys' new friend."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Yes. Well, Butters, it's just not working out."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Not working out?
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"I'm afraid we're gonna have to let you go, as our friend. You're just tooo..."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Lame.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Lame, yes."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Well, but ah I can get better."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Butters, you just don't really fit in with us here. We think it's best for all of us if you look for friendship opportunities elsewhere."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"But we certainly want to thank you for all your hard work and attempts at being our friend, lame as they were."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Huh but ah I thought we were gettin' along... great. Heh ah I thought we were really havin' fun together.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Yes, well, we weren't."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Please, fellas, uh don't fire me."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"We're sorry, Butters. [Cartman leaves his chair and approaches Butters] Our mind is made up."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[shakes Butters' left hand] But we certainly wanna thank you for coming by. [points to the door] You know the way out, right? [Butters look at the other two boys, who each returns a somber look. He gets off the chair, looks once more, then walks away dejectedly]"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Phew.
Professor Chaos,"Stan, Cartman",Phew.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Hm, he took that pretty well, I think."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Who cares?
Professor Chaos,Stan,"All right, so let's get started on who's gonna be the new person to take Kenny's place."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. A thunderstorm hovers over the neighborhood. Inside Butters' room a hamster set is seen, and beyond, Butters standing on his bed, looking out his window. He has an angry expression on his face."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[angrily] The world isn't fair. I do everything people ask me to. I stand in the lunch line for them, I buy tampons at the store for them, I go on Maury Povich with balls on my chin for them. [turns around and sits on his bed, wistfully] And yet, nobody accepts me. I am an outcast. A shadow of a man who can find no companion... ship. No love from others. [the shadow on the wall turns into that of an old humpbacked man] Fine! [hops off the bed determined to do something about it] If I am to be an outcast, so be it! [walks towards the camera] I'm through doin' what others tell me to do, and I am sick of this world and the stin-, and the stinky people in it! [moves to his left] From now on I will dedicate my life to bringing chaos to the world that has rejected me! [an image of a nuclear blast going off as people run from it] I will become the greatest supervillain [people run as danger comes from the sky] the world has ever seen! [a tsunami takes over a harbor town as a woman and baby flee it] Where I go, destruction will follow! [exults at his new destiny, raising arms and face towards heaven as lightning strikes. A shot of the exterior with more lightning]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters goes about making a suit for himself. He begins with a sheet of aluminum foil and shapes it around a styrofoam head to make a helmet. He pulls out a shirt from the closet and makes it a cape using a sewing machine. Pretty soon, he's finished - he's dressed as something of a knight."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Prepare, O little town! Uh prepare for the greatest supervillain you've ever seen! Professor Chaos! [grins devilishly]"
Professor Chaos,Linda,"[knocking on Butters' door] Butters, time for bed."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Hu-uh, okay Mom. [waits a few moments, then gets that devilish look again.] Yes. Uh sleet sleep for now. [turns and faces the camera out side once more] Tomorrow, the chaos begins. [begins to laugh softly, then harder, than more maniacally, then in full maniacal laughter]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. A small stage is shown in Cartman's backyard, with a camera off to the side. Kyle, Stan, and Cartman walk up on stage and look out over the backyard."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[takes the mic] All right, we wanna thank everybody for coming. This is a great turnout. [camera pans across the seated kids, then back to Cartman] Uh, as you know, our friend Kenny died a few months ago and we are still looking to fill the void with a new friend. Now, you've all been selected as possible candidates, but unfortunately, there is only room for one of you. So Stan and Kyle and I will be spending the next few days going out with each one of you and narrowing our choices down. Until we think we've found the perfect friend. Are there any questions?"
Professor Chaos,Clyde,[after a moment of silence] ...What if we don't want to be your friend?
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Clyde... [mouths something]... okay. Now, the first thing we have to do is cut the list down from twenty choices to ten. And so today we will all be going to the amusement park together to see who we want to cut. Please keep in mind that this will all be videotaped, so put on your best friend faces, and may the best friend win. Oh, and we will be needing a ten dollar per person entrance fee."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park, later. The camera looks at the end of Main Street, and Butters comes over a bump on the street. He heads towards the camera right in the middle of the street as the adults around him talk or window-shop. He walks on, and a Bennigan's appears to his left. He turns to look at it, then runs through the front doors. He stops just inside. The diners go about eating and chatting. A waitress serves a table."
Professor Chaos,Bennigan's chef,"Order twenty-three is up, and uh, order twenty-four is up. [presses down on a bell twice.]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters sees the dishes and walks up to them. He stares at them for a few seconds, then switches them, grinning evilly. He then drops down quickly as a waitress comes for the dishes. She delivers them to the two diners who ordered them."
Professor Chaos,Man 1,"Uh, waitress, a-a-actually, I ordered the chicken soup. This is minestrone."
Professor Chaos,Man 2,"Yeah, I had the minestrone over here. [Butters laughs at his own cleverness. The diners look at him]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"I am Professor Chaos, and now, this puny world uh will bow down to me! [cackles once again and runs out of the restaurant. The diners resume their eating after a few seconds.]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,Montage 1 - A Day At The Amusement Park.
Professor Chaos,Stan,[voice over a scene of all the kids walking down Main Street at the amusement park] So today we went to the amusement park with all our possible friends. [cut to Stan seated on a green sofa under a spotlight] It was a really fun time. We rode all the rides and everyone got along great.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[on a blue sofa] I think the person that stood out most at the amusement park was Jimmy. [cut to Jimmy entertaining Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Dougie, Clyde, and Craig]"
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"[cut to Jimmy on a dark green sofa] Well, the, the reason I think I would make the perfect foreh- friend, is that I love telling jokes. You know, who doesn't like to laugh?"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,[seated on a cyan sofa] Tweek. Now there's an interesting choice. Tweek has a lot of qualities that I look for in a friend.
Professor Chaos,Tweek,"[sipping coffee, shaking violently] What if they don't pick me? What if they get us all, man! I mean, Christ! If they can get to the Pentagon, then they can get to us all, man! Aaaa!"
Professor Chaos,DogPoo Petuski,"[a shot of the kids on the mine track ride, DogPoo in front with Cartman. Cut to the dirty boy who resembles Pigpen seated on a red sofa] I think I deserve to take Kenny's place the most, because, I've been hanging around these guys for like five years and I never get to say or do anything."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"...Yeah, I've only seen that kid in class, but he never does anything. He's more like a prop. [takes a sip of ZOOP soda]"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[a shot of Kyle, Cartman, Tweek, and Towelie in a spinning teacup] Towelie is a tough choice because, [cut to Kyle talking] even though I can see how always having a towel around can come in handy, he's just always so high."
Professor Chaos,Towelie,"[17 in towel years] Man, I really hope I win, because... wait... what is this again? I have no idea what's goin' on."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"We decided to get some one-on-one time with Jimmy and ride the log ride. [cut to the log ride] The great thing was that, because Jimmy's crippled, we got to go to the front of the line. [the boys are escorted to the first car, cut back to Cartman] That was definitely big points for Jimmy, you know, but, but then we got to the ride itself, and..."
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"[back at the ride. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman climb into the log] Hey, I-I'm gonna need some help getting in the log, fellas."
Professor Chaos,Ride operator,O! Shut her down. Someone needs assistance.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[the boys look at Jimmy] Oh, really? [turns to his note pad] That's gonna cost some points. [writes down some numbers as Jimmy is helped into the log.]"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[on the sofa] But right now I'd say if we're gonna have a retard for a friend, I, I have to pick Timmy. Because Timmy doesn't tell lame jokes."
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"[cut to log ride. The boys are about to slide down the track] Boy, isn't this great fellas? Are we great pals or what?"
Professor Chaos,Stan,[voice over a scene of all the kids walking down Main Street at the amusement park] One thing for sure: picking our new friend isn't gonna be easy.
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Butters is still dressed as Professor Chaos, still walking down the street. A dog walks across the street and Butters stops next to it."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Kneel. Kneel before Professor Chaos! [the dog slowly kneels and Butters walks off cackling at his success]
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, later. He makes it to his room and locks the door. He cackles again."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Ah, the look on their faces when they got the wrong soup. I love bringing chaos! [walks up to his dresser drawer and messes up some shirts in there, then closes the drawer and laughs] And that's only the beginning! [laughs evilly]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, day. All the kids are seated as they were yesterday. A box of roses sits on stage."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, everyone. It was a tough decision, but based on our time with you all at the amusement park, we have whittled our choices down to ten. [Kyle goes off to get the box of roses] If you receive a rose, please stay. If you don't, get the fudge out. [Kyle returns with the roses and sets them down] Kyle, will you announce the people we want to stay?"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[holds up a rose for every kid he calls] Token. [Token approaches, gets his rose and goes back to his seat] Clyde. [Clyde goes for his rose] Craig. [Craig goes for his rose] Timmy."
Professor Chaos,Timmy,Timmih! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Tweek,Oh man! This is too much pressure!
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Pip. [Pip smiles and goes for his rose] Jimmy. [Jimmy goes for his rose] Jason. [a new boy with high forehead, goes for his rose] Towelie. [Towelie goes for his rose] Luigi. [Luigi goes for his rose]."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Just one more rose left, Kyle. Who does it go to?"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Tweek.
Professor Chaos,Tweek,Aaarr! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, the rest of you, thanks for coming. Get the fudge out! [the others moan and leave their seats]"
Professor Chaos,DogPoo,"[incredulous] I didn't make the cut?? Oh God, I didn't make the cut??"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,I didn't even get a chance to have them get to know me!
Professor Chaos,Stan,"All right, congratulations to those of you selected to stay. In the end, one of you will be the new Kenny. [the camera pans over the remaining candidates] Good luck."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. Butters' house, kitchen. Linda is preparing some breakfast and Butters comes in confidently."
Professor Chaos,Linda,"Good morning, Butters."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[takes a a seat at the table] It certainly is, Mother. Did ya hear about what's been goin' on? Some horrible new supervillain made somebody get the wrong soup order at Bennigan's."
Professor Chaos,Linda,"No, [Butters blanches] I didn't hear about that."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Yeh, you didn't? [leaves his seat and walks to the living room]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, living room. Butters walks up to Chris, who is on the sofa reading the newspaper."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Uh Dad, can I uh can I see the newspaper real quick?"
Professor Chaos,Stephen,"[lowers the newspaper] Why sure, Butters. I was just about to get some breakfast. [hands the paper to Butters, who sets it down on the floor and looks for headlines. The front page doesn't offer anything he's looking for, so he turns the page.]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[getting mad] Nothing. [turns the next page] Nothing! [closes the paper and stands up] It's the liberal media! They're keeping the stories of my deeds covered up, so as not to cause a panic. Well, I guess it's time to step it up a notch! [makes two fists signaling his stepped-up efforts]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"The bus stop, later. Stan, Kyle and Cartman stand with Craig. Scene music plays."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Okay, next? [signals for Craig to leave. Craig walks away and Token comes in to take his place. Scene music plays. A few moments for the boys to get a feel for Token]"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,This looks pretty good.
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Yeah, it's not bad. Next? [Signals for Token to leave. Token walks away and Timmy rides in to take his place. Scene music plays.]"
Professor Chaos,Timmy,Timmay!
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Next?
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Most of the class is present. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman stand at the front of the class. On the chalkboard is the times table for 4."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Okay, so now we're gonna see how you all work as a friend during classtime. Your performances will be judged primarily on how you help us cheat and give us answers. So good luck, everybody."
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"[entering] Sit down, boys."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Alrighty then. [the boys take their seats]
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"All right, children, before we get started, has anybody seen the eraser for the chalkboard? [a shot of the class, then of Butters. A sneer comes to his face as he laughs to himself. The room darkens around him and a shadow appears on the lower part of his face] It probably got knocked on the floor somewhere. Can you all just please look around your desks for it? [the kids drop from their seats and look around. The sneer is back on Butters' face and the shadow returns]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[thinking] Yes. Look around for your precious eraser. You won't find it. That eraser's in my back yard, buried three feet below the surface of the earth. [a shot of Butters using a shovel to bury the eraser] And do you even suspect me?? No! Now we shall all see how you all like your dear chalkboard without an eraser. [Butters' desk moves around so the camera can see the kids looking for the eraser] And information, it just keeps pilin' up and pilin' up, until your minuscule brains can take it no longer! [the times table floats behind Butters and gets all jumbled up as he speaks, finally ending in a kid whose brains blow out of his head]"
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"No? Oh, oh well. Never mind. I've got a backup one in the desk. [opens a drawer, takes out an eraser and erases the times table on the board] Okay, today children, we're gonna learn about multiplying times five."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[thwarted, begins to think again. The people around him take on their picture-negative counterparts] So! You all think that you can outsmart Professor Chaos, do you?!"
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"Now, whenever we multiply a number times five, the result is going to end in a zero or a five."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Ms. Choksondik?
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"[turns around] What is it, Butters?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Ah, I need to go to the bathroom. R-really bad."
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"Oh alright Butters. Take the bathroom pass and go. [Butters gets off his seat and heads for the door. He takes the pass from the pegboard] Okay, so for instance, children-"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[opens the door, then looks back] Alright. I'm goin' to the bathroom now. If anybody needs me, ah that's where I'll be."
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"Just go, Butters. [Butters smiles and leaves] Okay, so for instance, five times one is... what, Eric?"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Uh, what's the question again?"
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,[holds out the five fingers on her right hand] Five... times... [holds out the index finger on her left hand] one.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Five times one is of course...
Professor Chaos,The class,"[minus Cartman, Stan, and Kyle] Five."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Five. [the door opens and Professor Chaos appears]
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[enters cackling] The time for fun and games is over, feeble-minded fools! [approaches Ms. Choksondik]"
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,Who are you?
Professor Chaos,Butters,"I am Professor Chaos! Bringer of destruction and maker of doom! Those who do not know me yet shall know me very soon, for the hour of Chaos ih-is at hand! [turns, takes the other eraser, and walks out cackling, closing the door. The class just looks at the door]"
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"Hey! That kid took my last eraser! [heads for the door] Come back here, kid! [as she reaches the door, it opens and Butters enters]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh! Ah, I'm back from the bathroom. Ah I really let one go in there."
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"Butters, did you see another little kid run out of here?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Why yes, I did. But he pushed me down and I scraped my elbow. [raises his right elbow] Go on and look at it. It's scraped. Look. [as Ms. Choksondik looks at the elbow, the shadow and sneer return to Butters' face. He begins to think] Yeesss. Go on and see the red mark on my elbow, the red mark I made myself to throw you off Professor Chaos's trail."
Professor Chaos,Ms. Choksondik,"It looks fine, Butters. [rises and addresses the class] Okay, hold on and stay here, children. [leaves the classroom. Butters sneers again]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, later. Recess. The kids are at play. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Craig are standing together."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"You're such a fatass, Cartman!"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! Well, you're a stupid Jew!"
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Shut up, fatass! [silence. They look at Craig and the anger fades from their faces as they wait for him to respond]"
Professor Chaos,Craig,"Oh, aaaah, well you guys are dumb."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[escorts Craig away] Okay, Craig, interesting choice. Powerful stuff there, Craig. Thank you very much. [Craig leaves]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. Butters is at his desk working with his hamster set."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"It is almost ...complete. The creation of my minions who will assist me in bringing terror to the world. [puts glue on some aluminum, puts the aluminum on a hamster] There we go. [the hamsters will be armored, as he is. He places the hamster back in the cage] Ye-ess, my minions of, of chaos. [the hamsters begin to make noise] Shhh. Night now, night now my lovelies. Your time to bring dest-struction will come very soon. [the door opens and Butters quickly throws a blanket over his hamster cage] Aaahhh!"
Professor Chaos,Linda,"[Linda walks in and towards his desk] Butters, a note for you was left on the front door."
Professor Chaos,Butters,A note?
Professor Chaos,Linda,Here you go. [gives it to him and walks out] And wash your hands after you touch those hamsters - you'll get AIDS. [exits and closes the door]
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Okay, Mom. [takes a look at the envelope, spins around in his chair, and opens the envelope. He reads the letter within: ""I know who you are. The South Park Docks. 7:30. Tonight""] So. Someone has discovered my horrible secret. This could be a trap set by the FBI. Oh, I'll be at the docks, precious FBI! But it is I who'll have the trap set for you! Come, my minions! [pulls off the blanket] We haven't much time!"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, night. Stan, Kyle and Cartman are on stage for the next round of elimination."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, everyone, the time has come for us to narrow the list down from ten to six. But first, let us just say that the people who we didn't pick were only not picked because they totally sucked balls. Kyle?"
Professor Chaos,Pip,They're not going to pick me. I just know they're not.
Professor Chaos,Tweek,O-oh Jesus! Aaah I can't take it!
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[as before, holds up a rose for every name] Token."
Professor Chaos,Token,All right! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Timmy.
Professor Chaos,Timmy,Timmay! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Tweek. [Tweek goes for his rose] Pip.
Professor Chaos,Pip,Really? I don't believe it. [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Towelie.
Professor Chaos,Towelie,What?
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Just one more rose, Kyle."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Jimmy.
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,Oh boy! Oh thank God! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, those with roses will move on to the swimsuit and talent competition. The rest of you, get the fudge out! [Craig, Clyde, Jason, and Luigi leave]"
Professor Chaos,Clyde,[turns and looks at Cartman] This whole thing is stupid! You don't pick people you wanna be with by making it into a game!
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Ooooooo, somebody's a sore loser! Clyde, I believe I said, ""get the fudge out!"" Which means, kiss mah fudgin' ass, go fudge yourself, fudge ya, get the fudge out, Clyde!"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park docks, night. Under a red moon, Butters sneaks along the docks, making sure no one sees him. He creeps from box to box and peeks out from behind one. Another face peeks out from behind a box at the other end of the docks. This face is younger, with glasses."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,[steps out] Hey Butters.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[drops his guard and steps out] Oh, hey Dougie. [gets into character] Oh I mean, my name is Professor Chaos."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,I saw you change in the school bathroom. You stole that eraser in your class.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Very well. You called out Professor Chaos, and you also called out, eh your own demise! [pulls out two hamsters from his pockets and sets them down] Go now, my minions. Go and take this, this foolish mortal down! [the hamsters head back towards shore] Aw minions, naw, not that way. He- [turns to see them leave] come back minions."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"I'm, not trying to call you out, Professor Chaos. I want to join you."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Join me?
Professor Chaos,Dougie,Yeah I want to join you in your conquest of destruction.
Professor Chaos,Butters,But why?
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"[approaching] I'm an outcast, too. A frail child cast aside by society. I want to follow you and... whatever you're doing."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Uh very well. You shall be my accomplice in evil. Together, we shall bring the world to its knees! A-and make all those who banished us from society run... red."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"Do I get a neato costume made out of aluminum foil, too?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Well sure you do. Ah I am professor, and you shall be my general. From now on you are General... Disarray."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,General Disarray.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Now let us go look for my minions! [softly] They ran away here, now to find 'em... [the new villainous duo search the docks for the hamsters]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Montage 2 - The Swimsuit And Talent Competition. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman sit on the chairs in the audience. The six remaining candidates are on stage."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,[a shot of him on a sofa] The swimsuit competition really gave us a fresh look at some of the candidates. [a shot of the three boys making comments during judging. Cartman takes notes]
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"[on a sofa] Well, I don't think I did too well in the... bathing suit competition. But I can't wait for the talent show competition. That'll really be my chance to... shine. [cut to Cartman's house den for the competition. Jimmy's doing his comedy routine] Wow, what a terrific audience. So anyway, a guy walks into a buh- ...A guy walks into a b- ...buh... [a shot of the three boys getting bored] A guy walks into a guy walks into a [goes into a sing-song mode] babuh ba-a-a, uh- [next, Towelie playing an electric guitar - ""Stairway To Heaven"" - but messes up]"
Professor Chaos,Towelie,"Okay wait... [starts over, but messes up. The boys are bored again] No, no wait. [tries again]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Next please.
Professor Chaos,Token,"[takes the mic] Well, what am I supposed to do?"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Anything that'll impress us, Token."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"If you were our friend, how would you keep us entertained?"
Professor Chaos,Token,"Aaaah. Oh, I know. [takes his shirt and ties it into a knot between his breasts, then begins to shake his butt, giving the impression of a hula girl]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Very nice. [takes notes]
Professor Chaos,Stan,I like it. [takes notes]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[back to recap] Well Token was a definite winner of the talent show. But then we decided to take everyone to a baseball game, to see how we got along there."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,Coors Field in Denver. The game is underway. A shot of the field.
Professor Chaos,Announcer,"There goes a hit to left field, and Foley's going to score."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"The bleachers. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Pip sit and watch the game."
Professor Chaos,All,Woohoo!
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Yeah! Isn't this great?!
Professor Chaos,Vendor,[making his way down the steps] Drinks! Get your drinks here.
Professor Chaos,Pip,"Eho! Yes. Can I have some tea, please?"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"You don't drink tea at a baseball game, you French piece of crap!"
Professor Chaos,Pip,"Oh, very well. Just some crumpets, then."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, that does it! Pip, get the fudge out! Next! [Pip leaves his seat and Token comes in]"
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Okay, let's try this. [a shot of the field. The Jumbotron at center field loses focus and glimpses of Professor Chaos are seen]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Hey, what's wrong with the Jumbotron?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"People of Earth! Your meaningless lives are about to end! I am Professor Chaos, [Dougie comes into view] and this is my partner ih-in evil, General Disarray! In the past few days I have rained terror down upon the society that shunned me! And now it is time for my final Labor of Loathing! I am going to... flood... the world!"
Professor Chaos,Man 3,Flood the world?
Professor Chaos,Man 4,My God!
Professor Chaos,Woman,"[grabs onto someone] I don't wanna die, [screams] I DON'T WANNA DIE!"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh yes. Every living creature and every sacred building will soon be under leagues and leagues of cold and dark water. And there is nothing you can do to stop me! General Disarray, begin the flooding of Earth! [Dougie goes to the faucet by the porch and turns it on, then brings the hose to Butters. Butters addresses the world] You brought this upon yourselves! You made the outcasts of the world! Now watch! Watch as your precious planet drowns! Watch! [points at the pool of water now forming on the ground. The crowd watches in silence]"
Professor Chaos,Man 5,"Dear Christ, who will save us?"
Professor Chaos,Man 6,"We have very little time to live. How, how shall we spend our last hours on earth? [the crowd stops and reflects...]"
Professor Chaos,Fans,Yeah! All right! [everyone takes off their clothes and celebrates in their underwear]
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Butters and Dougie are in the back yard watching their puddle grow and grow."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Our reign of terror is complete! Our tur- turmoil has now come full circle! [the two of them watch the hose yield its water, seemingly slowly] Hey, is the hose on full, General Disarray? [Dougie goes to look, then returns]"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,It's on all the way.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh. Alright then. Nothing to do now but watch the world die! [cackles and dances around, then resumes watching the puddle grow. Day fades to night] Boy, this sure is takin' a long time."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Stan's house, dining room. The three boys sit at the table with pictures of the six candidates. They discuss their findings."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Okay, so how do we all feel about Towelie as our new friend? [holds up Towelie's picture]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,I think Towelie is awesome.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Towelie is cool, but he gets stoned all the time. You can't really rely on him for anything."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"[weary] Oh, this is giving me a headache."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Eh now, [pounds the table with his fist] come on, you guys, we can't take this decision lightly. Whoever we pick is going to be the person we do everything with from now on."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"[acquiescing] You're right. Well now, how about Timmy? [holds up Timmy's picture] He's quiet and he takes direction well. Really the perfect friend."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Yeah, but Timmy can be really self-centered."
Professor Chaos,Stan,How about Token? [holds up Token's picture]
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Token's a smartass.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,So? You're a smartass!
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Yeah. Do we really need another one?
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Good point. [Stan sets the picture down. A door opens]
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,[approaches the table] Hey fellas. I was just in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to s-gif- gift basket.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[disgusted] Oh, thanks Jimmy."
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"There's some chocolates and lih-liquorice, and some games and peh- pencils inside."
Professor Chaos,Stan,That's great.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Cool.
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"Yeah well, I guess I'll be seeing you, you friends later. [leaves]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Alright Jimmy, see ya. [the door closes]"
Professor Chaos,Stan,Suckup.
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, next day, backyard. The pool has covered much of the yard. General Disarray jumps in the water as Professor Chaos looks on passively on the porch."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Not long now, General Disarray, and... our horrible plan will be complete."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"Hey, do you think maybe we should build a boat? You know, like a little raft or something, so that when the world floods you and me and the minions can live?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh yeah. I hadn't thought o' that. That's a pretty good idea. I'll go get a hammer. [the sound of vehicles screeching to a stop outside the yard] Hey, who is that? [on the street, two Water Department vans come to a stop. Four men, two from each van, step out and get their tools. They enter the yard and approach the hose]"
Professor Chaos,Worker 1,Is this it?
Professor Chaos,Worker 2,"Yeah, two thirteen, that's the one. [Worker 1 proceeds to close the faucet]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Heeyyy, what are you doin'? [Worker 1 finishes and the workers leave, climb into their vans, and drive off. Professor Chaos and General Disarray look on in sad disbelief. Suddenly, Butters flares up] Aaaah! You may have won this time! But I will be back!"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,What do we do now?
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[softly, pensive] Well I had another idea of how to kill the world, but I thought it was... almost too horrible to e- to even speak of, but- [with anger growing] but now they have left me with no other choice!"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, day. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are on stage while the candidates sit in the audience. Pip is missing."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Well, this is it. We have made our final decision and one of you is who we will be spending our childhood with, as our new friend. [the camera pans across the audience, showing the candidates close-up]"
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"Oh puh please. Oh, Oh God... please. [Timmy just grins. Kyle draws the last rose from the box.]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Four friends, just one rose. The moment of truth is here. Kyle? Who does the rose go to? [another shot of the candidates]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"A hilltop, later. Butters reaches the top of a hill carrying a box, with a red sky above him. He sets the box down."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"This is it, General Disarray. My final solution. [cut to a view of the town from said hill. ]"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"[catches up] What evil plot do you have this time, Professor Chaos?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Simple, my dear general. We are going to tear down the Earth's precious atmosphere! Oh yes! My latest plan will melt the polar ice caps, a-and burn all the world with the, with the... hu- sun's harmful rays! [reaches into the box and withdraws a spray can] Say goodbye to your... precious ozone and hello to chaos! [begins spraying away. The can empties without discernible effect, and Butters tosses it down] Okay, hand me another one, General Disarray. [Dougie reaches in the box and takes out three cans. He gives one to Butters and keeps the other two. Butters quickly opens the can and sprays away, cackling all the while. Dougie opens his two cans and begins spraying as well, cackling along with Butters. The camera begins to zoom out]"
Professor Chaos,Announcer,"Will Professor Chaos's latest plot succeed and be the final undoing of Earth? [a shot of Stan, Cartman, Kyle, and the fourth boy under a blanket, all in Stan's living room] And which boy has been chosen to be the replacement for Kenny? [six adults are then shown: Chef, Mr. Garrison, Jimbo, Officer Barbrady, Ms. Choksondik, and Mayor McDaniels] And which of these six South Park residents was killed, and will never be seen again? [a question mark appears on screen] The answer to those questions will be answered... right now. [A final shot of Butters and Dougie with ten spent cans and three in use] No. [Stan's living room: the blanket comes off the fourth boy] Tweek. [on the street, in front of a house: Ms. Choksondik is on a gurney as paramedics cover her body with a blanket] Ms. Choksondik."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Stan and Kyle are happily preparing a snowman, which now has twigs, buttons, a hat and scarf. Tweek stands behind Stan holding a carrot."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Okay, now put on the nose, Tweek. [Tweek moves forward, but then backs up. Stan rises and turns to Tweek]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,I can't. [presents the carrot] You do it.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Just stick it on.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,But what if I put it in the wrong place?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Just put it between its eyes.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"GARH. But what if, while I'm putting on the nose, the snowman comes to life and tries to kill me?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Tweek, when has that ever happened, except for that one time?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Yeah.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"[happens by and waves] Hey, fellas."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[flatly] Oh, hey Butters."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,How are things... going with your new best friend?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"[walks up to Tweek] Well, Tweek's okay, but he's certainly no Kenny! [takes the carrot from Tweek's hand]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Arrrr!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, but he's still better than you, Butters."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Yeah.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Well ah, that's good. Good luck being their new friend, Tweek. I hope you'll do better than me. Well, see ya fellas. [takes his leave, screen left. Stan and Kyle resume work on the snowman]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Oh man, that is waaay too much pressure! [Kyle puts the carrot in place]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[off screen. Stan and Kyle look] You guys, you guys! You're not gonna believe it! [excited, he rushes up and stands between then, holding an ad]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Uh oh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Everything's gonna be okay, you guys! Life isn't so crappy after all!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,It's not?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"No! I was looking in this magazine, and I found an ad for little ocean creatures that you can buy and raise in your room!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,No way.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Look! [the boys draw close. The ad is shown] Sea people. You keep them under a big tank of water and they like, build castles and play basketball and stuff."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Nuh uh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Yeah! And look! They ride around on turtles and they play games with fish.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,No way.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[shows irritation] Okay, Kyle, you're being a Negative Nancy. Stop it. Eh, unless you want everyone to call you Negative Nancy from now on. [turns to Stan and Tweek and continues excitedly] Now, what we need is to all chip in four dollars, and we can have them here tomorrow!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Only sixteen dollars? They can't be cool if they're only sixteen dollars. [Cartman's smile vanishes and he shuts his eyes.]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"If Nancy doesn't want to chip in, then it will be $5.35 per person!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Alright, I'll chip in."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Gah! Me too.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"[resigned] Ah, alright."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He reaches his room."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Linda,Butters! Don't forget: dinner is in two hours!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"[in the doorway] Wokay, mom. Ah I'm just gonna be up here, uh doin' my homework. [he enters and closes the door behind him. His evil face shows] Yes. By day he is mild-mannered, sweet, and innocent Butters BUT... [runs to his closet and opens the sliding door, then steps inside] nobody knows that he actually has a dark underside... [slides the door shut and changes clothes. He slides the door open and comes out dressed as] Professor Chaos! Haha! Time to wreak havoc on the world that shunned me! [runs to his window, opens it, and jumps out. He skulks through the woods nearby with an easel. He reaches a clearing and sets up the easel. General Disarray shows up pulling a wagon of firewood]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Professor Chaos!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Ah, my faithful companion in world destruction, General Disarray."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,I have done as you asked and brought the first load of scrap wood.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Excellent, General Disarray! Now we can begin my most horrible evil plan yet to wreak havoc on humanity. [EVIL PLOT #4-B]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,What dastardly deed are we doing now?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Simple, my dear general. [flips the page over to show a drawing of the town with a huge shade over the town, held up by a tall pillar] We are going to block out the sun!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,[looking at the picture] Oh. [turns around]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Oh yes! I have plotted for weeks, and figured that if we build a huge ...wooden shade eighty feet high, a-and fifty feet wide [a hamster peers from the wood and drops back down again], precisely on this hill, South Park ...will forever be cast in a great shadow."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Oh, awesome!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Soon, all people will have to live like moles! They will love only to remember with sorrow how great the sun used to be! [laughs with evil glee]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Cool. It'll be just like on the Simpsons. [Butters stops laughing and freezes in place]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[tilts his head forward] Huh?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,They did that on the Simpsons. I think it was the Mr. Burns character. He tried to block Springfield from the sun.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"He did? Hawww, heck. I thought I was bein' original."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,So how do we build it?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Aww, I don't wanna do it now [drops his hammer], not if they already did it on the Simpsons. [walks off dejected] I have to think of something else. [they walk through the woods] Uh Goddamnit, how come every time I think of something clever, the Simpsons already did it?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The living room light is on. Cartman is sleeping, dreaming..."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Sea people... coming in the mail tomorrow... [bubbles appear as Cartman dreams] Yesss... Yeesss...
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,The dream sequence.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[shown floating down to the briny deep. Two pairs of sea arms catch him. The sea couple rights him and walk with him in the middle] Look at me, livin' free Free and clean amongst the Sea People [the sea couple and he sail by in a tiny pirate ship. They take him into the castle] We look for pirates and search for gold. Life is an adventure with the Sea People [A sea man pitches to Cartman, who bats the ball for a run. As a sea family looks on he blows out the candles on a cake.] They don't ever complain, they don't call me fat. They don't make me do homework or nothin' like that. [he rides a sea horse alongside sea people on horseback and grins at the camera] This is the way life was meant to be. Laughin' and singing, [Shown walking with the sea couple again.] Sea people and me. Sea people and me, you guys."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"The dream ends and the bubbles fade away. Cartman wakes up, smiling."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Woowww. Only three more hours, sea people. [closes his eyes and turns to his left side] Only three hours and you can take me away from this crappy goddamned planet full of hippies. [goes to sleep]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's at his desk with the new kit while Stan, Kyle, and Tweek stand behind him. His dressed as a monarch, in suit, crown and cape."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Okay. I've added the water purifier tablet to the Sea People Kingdom tank. Now it says [slowing down to read] ""Step 2. [grabs a small sack] Add the Sea People eggs to the water; you will see sea life spring instantly."" [smiles, then remembers something. He turns to face the other boys] Okay, let's just run through this one more time: when the sea people arrive I will welcome them to South Park as Ambassador of Earth. Tweek, you give them the key to the city, and we'll all engage them in simple conversation. We've gotta make sea people feel comfortable, okay? Ready?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Ready. Let's see 'em.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[turns to the tank] Hold the sign up, Kyle! [Kyle picks a sign up off the floor and holds it to his chest] Higher, Kyle! [Kyle raises it higher, in front of his face] Okay. [opens the egg sack and whispers] Here we go. [pours the eggs into the tank and taps the bag for good measure. Kyle moves the sign a bit so he could peek. Cartman grins again in anticipation, but it fades. Kyle lowers the sign to his chest. Cartman looks from various angles, then takes out the magnifying glass for a closer look. Two pale shrimp crawl around in the tank. Kyle drops the sign]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Are they playing basketball? [Cartman picks up the box and looks at the front. A close-up of a sea couple. Cartman looks in the tank and sees just shrimp. He looks displeased, Kyle has the sign in hand again]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,What the fuck is this?! [Stan approaches and looks in the tank]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, these are brine shrimp. I used to feed them to my fish."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,I got RIPPED OFF! [pounds the desk and sets the box on the floor to his left]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"I told you, Cartman."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[approaches Kyle and confronts him] Oh, shut up, Kyle!!! Shut your Goddamned Jew mouth!!! You people are why there's war in the Middle East!!! [moves on to Tweek] And you, Tweek!! Why don't you learn to button your shirt right, for once?! You're as bad as Stan with his stupid girlfriend, always spending time with her!! God, I hate you guys!! [his rant ended, he walks across the room] They were supposed to take me away to their underwater kingdom. They were supposed to take me on adventures of the deep."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[shaking] They package brine shrimp and sell them to kids? That's not right, man!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,What are we gonna do with them?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,[at the window] Who cares?! Throw 'em away!!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,[approaches the tank] Hey! Let's pour them in the teacher's coffee tomorrow morning.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, that'd be funny."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[brightly] Heheh, okay, okay."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Next day, Ms. Choksondik's house. The scene from last episode is carried on here, only zoomed out. The paramedics take Ms. Choksondik's corpse into the ambulance as a crowd looks on. The adults murmur amongst themselves. The ambulance pulls away and Cartman pulls the other boys in with some urgency."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Alright, listen to me! We must take a strict vow of silence!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[blurts out] Jesus Christ, we killed her!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[rushes to Tweek and covers his mouth] Shh! Tweek, shut the hell up!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,Dougie's house. He's doing homework on the living room coffee table when a doorbell rings. He goes to answer it. He opens the door and Butters steps in with something under wraps.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"General Disarray, are your parents home?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,No.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Ah, I've done it, General Disarray. I've completed my most horrible deed to date."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,What?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"You know that big statue in the town square of pioneer John Wesley Powell? I snuck over there with a hacksaw and uh, and I cut off his head! [pulls the cover off and laughs maniacally] Hahahahaa, yeah!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Oh, uh..."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Hahaha, and they're probably just realizing that now! Quick! We must turn on the news! [turns on the TV]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"... but Hillary Clinton's ass just keeps getting bigger. [the image in the small box changes from Hillary to that of the decapitated statue] Also in the news tonight, a vandal has apparently cut off and stolen the head of the Powell statue in the South Park Town Square."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Look! Look! I've made the news! I-I've wreaked havoc!
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,The head was taken in the early morning hours and the police have no leads.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"I finally made the world sorry! I've brought sadness, a-and chaos!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"This act, of course, reminded us all of the time that Bart Simpson [a picture of him appears in the box] took the head of the Springfield statue in one of their classic episodes. Here's what some people had to say:"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Man 1,"Well, I, I think whoever took the head was... really just doing an homage to the Simpsons. [laughs] Heh, I think it's great."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,"Yes, it really made me reflect on that episode and laugh."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Man 2,"Well the Simpsons is such a great show, and we need reminders like this to keep us watching."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Oh. Uh-m, son of a bitch."
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"The police say that instead of looking for the missing head, they'd rather leave it off and be reminded of the Simpsons every day."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Well why didn't you tell me the Simpsons already did that?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"You seemed so proud, I didn't wanna bum you out."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[walks away hanging his head] Stupid Simpsons...
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. The boys watch TV on the sofa."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Terrance,"Hello there, Phillip. I brought you something."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Phillip,"Oh, what is it? [Terrance farts and Phillip comments, but the boys talk over him]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"See? We're just watching cartoons, like always. Nothing's changed."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Jesus Christ, she's dead!!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Stop it, Tweek! We're pretending like nothing happened."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Terrance,"Phillip, I think I may have accidentally killed Celine Dion."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Phillip,"[gasps] Killing is never an accident, you dickface! [farts, and the two of them crack up]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Oh jeez, change the channel."
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"And in other news, still no cause of death found for elementary school teacher Diane Choksondik. However, doctors say that during the autopsy they did find semen in her stomach. [there's a pause and the boys look aghast]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"They found the sea men! It's only a matter of time before they find the women, too!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,The autopsy is ongoing and cause of death is yet to be determined.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Oh God!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,We're dead!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Oh Jesus! [moves off the couch] That's it, man! I want nothing more to do with you guys!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Tweek! Where are you going?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"They're gonna find you out! Then when they do I don't wanna be within fifty feet of you! You're gonna fry, man!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, Tweek, you're in this just as much as we are!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,What?! I told you NOT to put the sea people in her coffee! I wasn't even there when you did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Yeah, but you're our new friend and that makes you cul.. p-piable!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"In fact, that makes you the most responsible. Tweek, you might have to take the fall on this one."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Rrrr-hr-hrrr!!!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Chef's house, night. The boys arrive at his house and ring the bell. He opens the door and sees them."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Oh, well, hello there, children."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Chef, we did something kind of bad."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,We don't know who else to talk to.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Ohh, I'm sure your little cracker problems ain't all that bad. Come on in. [the boys enter and Chef leads them to the sofa] Now, just sit down and take a deep breath and tell ol' Chef what's goin' on."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,[pause] We need you to promise not to tell anybody.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Now, children, every problem can be worked out. What was it?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,We... killed our teacher and they found our seamen in her stomach.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"...Oh, children, that's a problem we all have to face at one time or another. Here: let me sing you a little song that might cheer you up. Sometimes you kill your teacher and they find your semen in her stomach, and uh Wait! What the what?!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[beat] So what should we do? [Chef thinks, then goes and pushes the sofa towards the door and onto the entry path]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Wow, I guess this really is a big deal."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"We've only got one option, you guys. We're gonna have to go to that hospital where they're doing the autopsy and get our seamen back ourselves."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Gnaaahahahah! [pulls on his hair and looks at his fist] I pulled out my hair!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Dougie's house, night. In the living room Butters begins to pitch ideas."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Wokay, how about this, Dougie? [backs up to the easel. On it is the schematic to plan #123-D] I-I'm going' to pose as a real-estate agent and con everyone in town into buyin' a monorail. And then skip town with all their money. [Dougie just looks back] No?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,...Simpsons did it. They did it in episode 204.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Wokay [flips to the next page to show #124-A], then I'm goin' to start a Web site to spread vicious ru-rumors about everyone in town! And and then I'll take their-"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[flips to plan #129-E] I'll bury a skeleton wearing angel wings so that the townspeople will think a fallen angel has fallen-
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, night. Cartman leads the other boys into the coroner's office."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,This is it.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Alright, everyone scatter and look for the seamen. Tweek, stay by the door and keep a look out. If you see anybody coming, say the code word: Hammertime."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Hammertime? Can't the code word just be... ""lookout""? I won't remember ""Hammertime""!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[whispers] Ugh. [then] Just remember the song ""Can't Touch This"" and you'll remember the code word!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, stupid."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Oh, God. [the boys split up. Tweek goes to the door ajar and steps out, Kyle to a table to the right, Cartman to a table to the left, Stan to the supply closet. Cartman opens the doors under his table and looks around, then goes to Kyle's table to check out the drawers there.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,[takes a wide covered beaker and look in it] There's nothing here! [puts it back and Stan approaches]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Dude, it's probably still in her stomach. [Kyle approaches the corpse in the middle of the room and pulls back the cover. Ms. Choksondik's chest and abdomen have been cut open right down the front]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Is it her?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Yeah, it's Ms. Choksondik alright."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,What do we do now?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Just reach in there and get the seamen out of her stomach! [the boys look at him, shocked] Oh, God! You guys are such pussies! [starts digging around in the belly] Hemmm..."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,[voices are heard; he rushes back in] Erm! Hff. You gu-guys! Ha... Hamme- [covers his mouth] I can't remember uh-the code word!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Do you see the sea people.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"No, just a bunch of goo."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[hushed tones. Shadows appear down the hall and move towards the room] You guys! Um, dum dumdumdum, dumdum, dumdum. Can't touch this. Dum dumdumdum, dumdum, dumdum. Can't touch this."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Ms. Choksondik stinks inside. [covers his nose]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Yeah.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[two people come down the hall] ...dumdum, dumdum. Can't touch this. Dum dumdumdum, dumdum, then stop. HAMMERTIME!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Aaah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Quick. Hide. [the boys disperse. Stan runs to the closet he looked in earlier, Kyle to one on the opposite side, Tweek behind the door]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Voice,"[outside] Yeah, well, at least we got Shannon Sharp back. [Cartman burrows his way into Ms. Choksondik's corpse]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Doctor 1,"Alright, let's just leave the semen sample next to the corpse; I wanna run a hair fiber test next. [snips a piece of hair off and turns around. They both walk back out]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Doctor 2,"Hey, do you smell children?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Doctor 1,"No, that's not... [voice fades. The doctors leave and the boys come out of their hiding places. Cartman is still in the corpse]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Got it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Let's go! [He, Kyle, and Tweek head out the door quickly. Cartman pops out of Ms. Choksondik's corpse gasping for air]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Butters house, later that night. Butters presents plan #127-C."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Bring the World Cup to South Park so the... a huge soccer riot can destroy the-
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[flips to plan #125-E] Take all the beer cans in South Park and have them shaken up in a huge mixer at the paint store so that-
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Episode 9F17 entitled ""So It's Come To This!"""
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[seethes for a few seconds] Fine! Then maybe I'll just forget about destroying the town and just run away and join the circus! [sits down next to Dougie]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,...Simpsons did it.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Dwaah!!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. In his room he takes the semen sample and pours it into his tank, tapping the rim of the tank so the semen can start moving. The semen slides into the tank and puts the lid back on."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"There. We just put the sea people back in the tank with the others, and nobody will ever know. [looks at his hands] The blood is washed neatly from our hands. [the door opens and Chef enters with a bunch of stuff.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Alright, children, I got you four tickets to Thailand [in his right hand, with a sports bag] and three hundred dollars cash [inside the suitcase in his left hand]. It's gonna be tough living for a while. You might have to do things for money you never thought of doin' before."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[stopping Chef] It's alright, Chef! We got our sea people out of the teacher's stomach and we put them back in their aquarium!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"[confused] ...Wait, what? Sea people?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,The sea people that we put in the teacher's coffee.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Uhh, maybe you'd better start from the beginning."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,Forty-three seconds later...
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,...and then we put them back in the tank.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"[drops the bag, suitcase, and tickets] Oohhh, children, you misunderstood. Sea people is different from se-men."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,It is?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Yes! That stuff that was in that vial didn't come from you, it came from someone else. [begins to chuckle] I thought you children took turns rapin' and then murdered the teacher. [laughs]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Well if they found somebody else's sea men in her stomach, maybe they'll find our sea people, too."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Relax, children, drinkin' some brine shrimp can't kill you. Your teacher must have died from something else."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Oh, really?? [all four boys let out a sigh of relief]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Egh! I'm so relieved. Gaah-ah-ah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Alright. You children have had a long night. Why don't we all get some rest and on Monday, I'll sing you a song explainin' the difference between semen and sea people. [picks up the stuff. The boys approach] Come on, children. I'll walk you all home. [the boys follow Chef out]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[turns and waves to Cartman] Okay. Goodnight, Cartman. [turns and exits. Kyle follows]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"G'night, guys."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"I'm so glad we're not murderers. [Cartman closes the door behind them, moves to his bed and talkes off his hat and shoes. He places his hat on a corner of the footboard and hops into bed]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[settling in] Ah, so great that everything is finally back to normal. [dozes off. The camera moves to the tank to look at the tank.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. Stan, Kyle, and Tweek stand at the bus station waiting for the bus."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,[rushes up] H'you guys! Come quick! [turns and runs off] You won't believe it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Oh no, what now? [the boys turn left and follow]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. He leads them to his room, to the tank."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Those sea men from the teacher's stomach somehow combined with the remaining sea people we had left in the tank and, ah, well LOOK! [the other three approach the tank. Cartman picks up the magnifying glass for a closer look]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Whoa. [the close-up reveals a budding civilization with sea people building multi-story apartments and reads. The brine shrimp have begun to morph into sea people. Some of them wear clothes]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,How? How did that happen?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"I've been up for hours doing some calculations, and I've come up with my final theory of composite dynamics. [brings out a small chalkboard with an equation written on it and points to the various parts of the equation] Sea people plus sea men equals sea ciety."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Whoa.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,They've already accomplished so much.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"They're like, bacteria. Small organisms live much faster lives and do things at a much faster rate."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"That's right, Tweek. And if my theory is correct, all we need to get is more of the two reacting agents, and we can really see them thrive. Tweek!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Hr!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"You go and send away for more sea people from the magazine ad! Get at least five gallons of them here stat! Stan and Kyle, you go find a bigger fish tank to put them all in."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Well what are you gonna do?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Me? [camera closes in on him] I'm gonna go out on the town and find ten gallons of sea men.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Dougie's room, day. Butters and Dougie are in costume. Between them is a contraption under a white sheet."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"I've done it, General Disarray. I've watched all one hundred and thirty-two episodes of the Simpsons, twice. And I've finally come up with something... tha they have never done! Uh, behold! [pulls the sheet off] This device that I have made will take the cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replace the inside instead, with two-month-old mayonnaise. [grins] People will think that they are gonna get a bite of a sweet, delicious cherry, but, instead, they'll get a mouth full of yuckies, and sticky mayonnaise. Hey! [begins to cackle. Dougie fiddles with the machine] You've never ...seen this on the Simpsons, right?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"No, I think the Simpsons would be more clever than that."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Good! Then l-let us take my machine outside and make society finally pay for sh-shunning us!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Announcer,"[a commercial for Cheesy-Poofs gives way to a Simpsons commercial] Tonight on the Simpsons: It's a laughorama when Bart builds a machine that takes the cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replaces them instead, with mayonnaise."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Nnno [turns and faces the TV], uh no, no, it can't be."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Uh oh, Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it! [a shot of the TV]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,No! No! [begins hallucinating]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,[now looking like Bart and no longer in costume] Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Aaaaah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Don't have a cow, man."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Oh sweet Jesus!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Sperm Bank of South Park, day. Cartman hums as he approaches the door. He enters and walks down the hall. The tellers follow him with their eyes."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,Can I help you?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yes, my mommy told me this is where I could find some sea men?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,Your... mom told you?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Do you have them or not?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,"We... sell semen, yes, but not normally to children."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,What's your name?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,Frances Velman.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Frances, let's talk. I don't want a bunch of bullcrap from you and you don't a bunch of bullcrap from me, right? Where does that get us? Nowhere. The truth is, I'm completely certified to handle sea men, and though I may appear young, I'm one of the leading sea men authorities of the Midwest. Up and comer, you know what I'm saying? I'll have my own business soon and I'll need people to run it. I'm talkin' about you, Frances. And I'm talkin' about a six-figure income. How does that sound? [she looks at him and rises, moving off to her left.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,"[goes to a refrigerator and pulls out a sample] Everything we supply here is by a quarter-ounce. [returns to the desk and gives it to Cartman] One donor, certified, on record."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[inspecting the vial] I see, very interesting. [pulls the cap off and pours the semen onto his left hand]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,What are you doing?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Takin' a look here. [pulls out a portable microscope and inspects the semen between his left thumb and index finger. He stretches and squishes the semen. Frances looks on puzzled] Seems like quality stuff you got here, Frances. Yeah, good texture, nice consistency. Sea men must be alive and healthy in there. I'll take five."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,Five? Vials?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"No, gallons."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,Www-we don't have that much here.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Dammit! Give me all you've got, then! [the seminal fluid slides down on his fingers]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"South Park, in town. Butters runs from Dougie, who chases after him."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Aaah! Ah, Ah, Aaah! Nooo! Nooo!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Simpsons did it!! Simpsons did it!! [Butters runs past Tom's Rhinoplasty, but stops to look at the town. It warps into Springfield; Tom's Rhinoplasty becomes Wink-E Mart]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Waaaah! [starts to run again, and the school bus pulls up. Butters hails it down.] Hay! Uh let me on! Let me on! [the door opens and Butters steps on]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Ms. Crabtree,"[looking like Otto the driver, but still with bird in hair] SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[jumps backwards] Haaah! [ends up on his back on the sidewalk as the bus pulls away]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"[looking like Smithers] Butters, have you seen Mr. Hat?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"[looking like Dr. Hibbert] Hello there, children!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[runs back the other way] Aaah! Nooo! [Chef and Garrison look at each other]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,...What the hell's wrong with him?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, later. Stan looks at the aquarium and sees the civilization has developed further. Pyramids now appear. The sound of running water is in the background. Cut to Kyle filling a larger tank with a water hose.."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Look, the sea people have evolved to an Egyptian-like culture."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Soon they'll discover frozen food. Goh-ho.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[entering] That should be enough water, Kyle. You got the new sea-people packets, Tweek?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Uh-uh huh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Well, drop them in! [Tweek opens the packets and drops the contents in]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,And I've got the sea men. [raises a bowl of semen up to the tank and begins scooping the fluid into the tank.]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Wow. That's a lot of sea men you've got there, Cartman."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yeah, I bought all that I could at this bank, and then I got the rest from this guy Ralph in an alley."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,That's cool.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yeah, and the sweet thing is, this stupid asshole didn't even charge me money for it. He just made me close my eyes and suck it out of a hose. Heh. [scoops out the last of the semen] There we go. [drops the empty bowl]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[hands Cartman the smaller tank] Okay, now let's put the sea ciety in its new home. [Cartman takes the tank and turns it over, pouring the sea ciety into the larger tank. Screams are heard from the sea people]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Nothin' to do now but wait.[the boys huddle around the new, larger tank.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,...Close your eyes and suck it out of a hose?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Uh-huh, suck it out of a hose, yeah."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Hm.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Huh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, next day. He's asleep, but begins to stir. His eyes open and he grins at what he sees. He hops off the bed and rushes to the tank. He looks here and there and finds a more advanced civilization in the tank."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Oh my God! The tiny underwater civilization has advanced hundreds of years. [grabs his magnifier and looks at the society. It now looks Roman. He begins to speak in wonder] Look! There's a library! A-and a temple! And a- who-? [spots a statue. It's one of him. Hundreds of sea people worship it] Oh. They think I'm God. [throws the magnifier away and rejoices] Yes!!! I am god of the sea people!!! You hear that?! [runs to his window, throws the doors open and screams out] I am god of the sea people!!! I am master of their great sunken empire!!! [his mom opens the door and takes some trash to the trash can next to the driveway] Mo-o-om! I'm god of the sea people!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Liane,"[returning to the house] That's nice, poopie. [enters and closes the door]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's sitting in the living room, which now takes the appearance of the Simpson living room."
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"[shown as Kent Brockman] And in other South Park News, elementary school teacher Ms. Choksondik's [Simpsonized] autopsy has shown that the semen in her stomach belongs to school counselor, Mr. Mackey. [also Simpsonized] However, the semen apparently did NOT contribute to the death, and so Mr. Mackey's identity is to remain anonymous. [Mackey's image becomes a silhouette and a question mark appears over it. Simpsonized Stan and Kyle enter the room.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,"Stan, Kyle",Hey Butters.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[spots their altered appearance] Haaa!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, what are you doing, man? Cartman says he has something really cool to show everybody. You've gotta come."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Cartman?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[arrives, shown as Nelson] Ha ha! [Butters is just stunned.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, whick now looks like a typical Springfield house, day. In Cartman's room, everyone but Butters is shown Simpsons-style. Present are Chef, Mr. Garrison, Liane, Tweek, Timmy, Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Dougie, and Butters. Cartman displays his new sea ciety."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Behold! You all see my tiny minions groveling at my likeness! I am Eric Cartman, god."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Hey. We paid for the sea people too. How come they're not making statues of us? [Butters looks on with some trepidation]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Be you not jealous, Jew. I am creator of all things, yea."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"That is very impressive, Eric. What do you intend to do with your underwater society?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"I'm gonna send a message to my people and tell 'em to develop a great machine that will shrink me down to their size, so I can live amongst them forever."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[sensing a chance to retort] Aha! Ahaha! Ahahahaha!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"What the hell is wrong with you, Butters?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"They did that on the Simpsons! Ha! Treehouse of Horror! Episode 4F02! The Genesis tub. Lisa loses a tooth, and the bacteria on it starts to grow, and makes a little society, and they build a statue of her thinking she's God! Ha! Hahaha!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[everyone is silent for a few seconds, then] ...So?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,...Yeah. So?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Dude, the Simpsons have done everything already. Who cares?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, and they've been on the air for like, thirteen years. Of course they've done everything."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"Every idea's been done, Butters, even before the Simpsons."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Yeah. In fact, that episode was a rip-off of a Twilight Zone episode."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Really? So I shouldn't care if I come up with an idea, and the Simpsons already did it. It... uh...doesn't... matter. [smiles. Everything before him is back in South Park-style] Everything is back to normal, a, I think... I think I can go back to tryin' to destroy the world again."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,Good for you!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yeah, that's great Butters. Now get the hell out of my room."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[heads for the door] I feel like a spring chicken. I'm ready to wreak havoc once again! [runs out of the room. Dougie stays behind]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, look everybody! The other side of the aquarium is building another statue! [the others turn around to see. Shown is a statue of Tweek in progress]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Hey! It's Tweek.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Me?? Aw, man! I don't wanna be a god. That is waaay too much pressure."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"That is bullcrap! You'd better stop worshiping him, sea people! [small explosions are seen and the tank jumps]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,What's going on now?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,The sea people from Cartman's side are suicide-bombing the buildings on Tweek's side.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Gaaa-hah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Yeah! Go! [two more explosions are seen]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,NOW what's happening?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,The sea people on Tweek's side just suicide-bombed the Cartman statue.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Oh God-damnit! [two missiles, one from behind each statue, fly towards the surface and back down towards their respective targets. The impacts both missiles create tear the tank apart and the sea people flood out of the tank. Screams are heard as they fall to the ground. Cartman is stunned, he looks and falls on his knees.] Oh no! Oh the humanity!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"Well it was a nice project while it lasted, boys."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Yep. But I guess this proves that war is the natural order of life.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Why can't societies just live in peace?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park Catholic Church, day. Organ music plays. Inside, Priest Maxi is at the pulpit speaking to the congregation."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Parents, it's that time of year again when the bishops and priests from around the country are organizing the Young Men's Catholic Retreat. This year, we're taking the boys on a weekend boat trip to discuss Jesus's role as the Navigator of our lives."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,That sounds pretty fun.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[pondering] A Catholic boat trip? [raises his left eyebrow and begins to daydream. He first sees a ship and disco music starts to play. What he imagines is ""The Catholic Boat,"" a television program about cruises on a luxury cruise ship.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Singer,The Catholic Boat's gonna be headin' on out today. The Catholic Boat. Time to throw all of your cares away. Get some hot Christian action; it'll make you-
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"As the song is sung, the show's logo appears: ""The Catholic Boat."" A pink anchor rises and ushers in the next scene: A happy Father Michaels stroking his chin. A second anchor, and Young Boy #1 (Butters) is shown. A third anchor and Father Williams appears. He pulls his shirt up to expose his chest. The fourth anchor, and Young Boy #2 (Tweek) is shown. The fifth anchor, and three priests, Fathers Abraham, Duncan, and Ortiz, are shown partying. Father Abraham falls over laughing. Father Duncan grabs Father Ortiz behind the head and pushes the head down... The sixth anchor, and Young Boy #3 (Stan) is shown. A priest's arm appears, running the index finger all over Stan's face..."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[snapping out of it] Waaah! Waaah! [stops. Everyone in church looks at him, including Priest Maxi] Uyah [coughs a few times and clears his throat] ahem. 'Scuse me."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park Catholic Church, day. Mass ends and the congregants go to their cars. A crowd gathers around Randy. The McCormicks are present."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Look, I just don't think it's the best idea to let our boys to go on a c-cruise with the priests."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"We can let them go, can we?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Linda,There's no way my son's going.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"A black SUV, nearby. Stan, Cartman and Tweek are in the back seat. Cartman looks out the closed window."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What are they talking about?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,I don't know.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Maybe they wanna kill us.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,Back to the crowd.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"With everything that's been in the news, I think it's best to keep our kids... far away from the priests."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stuart,"[dressed in fur-lined denim] Now, come on, everybody, just because a few priests in the country have been corrupted doesn't mean that all priests are child molesters."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"Well, sure, that's easy for you to say; your son's dead. But those of us with alive children need to be sure that Father Maxi's on the up-and-up."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,I've heard about other towns bringing in counselors that know how to find things out from kids without really telling them what's going on.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,It couldn't hurt.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"Uh, Sh-sh. Here he comes, here he comes. [all fall silent, then start whistling as Father Maxi passes by.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[stops to listen] Uh... Good-bye, everyone."
Red Hot Catholic Love,All,"[not all at once] Good-bye, Father. [resume whistling as Father Maxi walks off]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stephen,"Alright, then, it's settled. Tomorrow we'll find an outside counselor and... find out the truth."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, next day. The boys are chattering when a woman comes in and stands before them."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"Hi boys. My name is Ms. Gorache and I need to ask you a few questions about your priest, okaaay?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Boys,Okay.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,Okay. Would you say that Father Maxi is... nice? Or mean?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Boys,[separately] Nice.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"Um, cool."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"Okaaay, what words would you use to describe your church's priest? [long pause]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Butters,Compassionate.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"Okay. And did Father Maxi, at any time, ever try to put something in your butt? [long pause]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Ih... in our... butt?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"You don't need to be ashamed or embarrassed. Just, did he ever try to put anything in your butt?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,...Like ...money? What?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Butters,"You mean, like a goldfish?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"No, no. Did he ever try to put anything that belonged to him in your butt?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Boys,[in unison] No.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"The Community Center, hallway. The parents wait for the counselor to finish talking with the boys."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Thomas,"This is ridiculous, havin' to sit out here waitin' to find out if our priest molested our kids."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Roger,"Yeah, what has Catholicism come to anyway?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[rising. The others on his bench rise with him] You know, I think we've just had it with the Church. All the horrible things they've done to kids, I... I think I'm gonna become an atheist!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,That's a good idea. I'm gonna be an atheist too.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Linda,Let's all be atheists!
Red Hot Catholic Love,All,"Yeah, yeah, alright."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Roger,"If there was a god, why would he let our kids be molested in the first place?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stephen,"Yeah, let's kill God, yeah!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Well uh, let's, let's just be atheists."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stephen,"[thinks a bit, then looks at Randy] ...Same thing."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,Yeah! [all clamor and charge out of the center]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park proper, on the curb. Stan, Cartman, and Tweek sit and think about stuff..."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What would the priest ...possibly want to put in our butts? [silence. Only birds are heard]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,[thinking] Maybe... No.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,[stopping by] Hey dudes.
Red Hot Catholic Love,"Stan, Cartman",Hey.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Arr!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,What are you guys doin'?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"We had to go meet with this counselor lady, and she asked us if the priest ever put anything in our butts."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,In your butts?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Yeah, isn't that the damnedest thing?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,Why would he put anything in your butts?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,We don't know. We're- that's what we're tryin' to figure out.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Hm.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,[joins them on the curb] Hm. [long pause]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Chef,"[stopping by] Hello there, children!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,Chef! What would a priest want to stick up my butt?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Chef,Good-bah! [leaves quickly]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Rrrh. Nobody is going to tell us. This is going to drive me insane!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"Calm down, Tweek. There has to be a rational explanation."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Aw, dude, I think I might have it."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[gets up and starts pacing] It makes perfect sense. Okay, w-work with me on this: if you eat food, you crap out your butt, right?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,Yeah.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Alright, now keep working with me here, it's getting a little complicated. If you eat food and crap out your butt, then maybe, if you stuck food in your butt, you crap out your mouth. [long pause] Hm?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"Cartman, that's the dumbest thing you've ever said - this week!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"What, that's not dumb. Think about it: food goes in the mouth, comes out the butt. Food goes in the butt, comes out the mouth. That's not dumb, that's genius."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,It wouldn't work!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Have you ever tried it?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,I don't need to. It wouldn't work.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,I bet you twenty bucks it'll work!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"You're on, fat boy!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Okay, let's go, Jew! [Cartman rushes off and Kyle follow. Stan and Tweek remain seated on the curb.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Parents,"[pass by in a crowd screaming] Yeah, yeah! Down with God! Down with God!"
