Shots,Cartman,Mom! [Murph has wrangled him and is hog-tying him]
Shots,Liane,"Leave my son a [slow motion takes over here] lone! [she jumps to shield Cartman, a doctor jumps to vaccinate him. She reaches Cartman first, causing the vaccine to enter her butt instead] AHHHH!"
Shots,Crowd,OHHHH! [the arena is quiet. Liane removed the rope from Cartman and he hugs her. They walk off together]
Shots,Liane,"[stops to address the crowd] I know I'm not the greatest mom in the world. I do the best I can. Whatever happens now is going to be done my way. Come on, Eric. [remove the syringe from her butt and throws it away, then they move on]"
Shots,Cartman,"[stops] Wait, Mom? [points to the toy chest]"
Shots,Liane,"[turns around, now furious] No, Eric! No shots, no toy!"
Shots,Cartman,What?? [she takes him by the hand and pulls him away]
Shots,Scene Description,"Family Medical Clinic, day. Cartman and Liane are there again, but this time, Cartman is in the lobby. His doctor comes out of the office and walks up to him"
Shots,Cartman,"Okay, doctor. I'm ready for my shot."
Shots,Doctor,"Eric, I've been speaking with your mother. I'm afraid there's some bad news."
Shots,Cartman,Bad news? What are you talking about? Mom?
Shots,Doctor,Your mother received a heavy dose of vaccine that wasn't meant for an adult. I'm afraid there have been... side effects.
Shots,Cartman,"[panics] What side effects? MOM? [runs to the office] MOM! [opens the door] Mom, are you here, Mo- [gasps loudly as his jaw drops. Liane is painting a still life]"
Shots,Liane,[softly] Eric...
Shots,Cartman,Noooooooo... Noooooooo...
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The Marshes sit at table and Randy comes in with laptop and coffee"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Good morning, everyone. 'morning. So, listen guys. We are not in good shape. The whole ""doing business in China"" thing has sort of bitten us in the ass, [the projector screen comes on.] and now we aren't selling enough weed to keep up with our costs. [turns to look at a growth chart projected on a portable screen behind him.] You see this? This right here? That's us plateauing. We no longer get any of that sweet Chinese money, and now, all the money we do make doesn't even cover our expenses. [the same chart is on the laptop he was looking at earlier] So, [turns back to the table] how do we sell more weed? Stan."
Let Them Eat Goo,Stan,"[after several seconds] I don't know... Do like a sale. Like, a Fall sale?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Not good enough! Shelly?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Shelly,I hate marijuana.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Nice attitude! How do we sell more weed? Sharon?
Let Them Eat Goo,Sharon,"If you don't make commercials or do more parades for the town, we'd have more money."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Right. Cut out all our marketing. That's Sharon's great idea, everyone. Towelie?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"You know what the problem is? It's the schwag. All those stands and seeds, they just go to waste, man."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Go on.
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"It's like, we sell all the good parts of the weed, but we throw away, like, tons and tons of all the leftover shit. You can sell that crap as mulch to a hardware company."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Mulch. [looks at the graph] Use our discarded product to recover costs. [to the table] Everyone, great job. You just got powned by a towel."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime. The students stand in line to get their lunches in the kitchen."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,'[singing]' It's Sloppy Joe day!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman and Butters,'[singing]' It's Sloppy Joe day!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,I seriously think that Sloppy Joe day is my favorite day at school.
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Yeah, it's the best."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman and Butters,'[singing]' Sloppy Joe day! It's Sloppy Joe day!
Let Them Eat Goo,A new Cook,"Come on, keep the line moving, kids! [in view are Butters, Cartman , and Scott. Cartman notices that what he sees on his plate doesn't look like sloppy Joe.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,What is this?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cook,"That's today's lunch. It's ""feesh."""
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Feesh?
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"But, but this is Sloppy Joe day."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cook,"Yeah? Well, the menu's been changed. We had kids complainin' our food wasn't healthy or sustainable enough, so don't you start bitchin' about it now."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,What kids were complaining about health and sustainability?! What kids would care at all that- [gasps] the girls!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,The girls?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,The fucking girls! [the three boys walk over to the girls' table] Excuse me?! Can someone explain to us why this [holds forth his lunch] is on our lunch trays?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Yeah, it's supposed to be sloppy Joe day!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,We asked for healthier options and to sometimes have food for those of us who don't eat red meat.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Oh my God. I'm about to lose my mind. [gets excited] You think you can just mess with a man's lunch?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"It's okay, Eric. I-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,You think that your ideas about health and nutrition should be somehow interfering with mine?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Eric, Eric!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,You dictate what foods I can eat?! [convulses] Urgh [the tray falls to the floor. He stiffens up and tries to reach for anything]
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Eric, Eric?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"I can't, I can't. Butters, I can't. [falls back, smacking Butters' tray on the way down. Butters' meal lands on him]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front lawn. An ambulance waits as Cartman is being loaded up into it. The rest of the school stands around looking at this incident. Two paramedics treat him. The brunette, Smith, puts some defibrillators on and gets ready to deliver a jolt"
Let Them Eat Goo,Paramedic 1,"Clear! [the brunette delivers the jolt, then they both look at the EKG]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Smith,We got him back!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Agh. Fuck you, Wendy."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"As Cartman is being taken to Hell's Pass Hospital, Randy drives into town with a huge load of Tegridy weed; he and Towelie share a joint. Cypress Hill plays during this segment."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,How much do you think we'll get for our mulch?
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"Even if we only get 10 cents a pound, we have like a million pounds of it."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,This is gonna save our business. I'm really hungry all of a sudden. You want some Burger King?
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,"Yeah, I'll take some onion rings. [Randy pulls into a parking spot and goes inside.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, inside. Randy steps forward to place his order"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,Welcome to Burger King. Can I take your order?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Uh, hi, can I get, um, large onion rings... the big Coke Zero and, um... What's an Impossible Burger?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"It's a plant-based burger, sir."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Plant-based? You mean, it's not like a cow?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"No, sir. It's completely vegan, but it's engineered to replicate the taste and texture of beef."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Hoh. Okay, I'll try it. [hands his debit card over. The clerk turns the card through the reader and hand it back. He also hands Randy the receipt and the burger. Randy takes a bite of the burger and savors it] Hey. This tastes like shit. You guys make money off of this?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"They're very popular, sir. A lot of people care about the environment and sustainability."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Aw that, that's amazing. I mean, this seriously tastes like dog shit, and you get people to buy it? [gets an idea] Wait a minute... Plant-based... Plant... based... Plant-based. Oh my God."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The kids are in the hallways. Cartman is in a wheelchair; Butters drives him around"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Comin' through! Make way! [the stop by Token, Jimmy, and Craig]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Hey guys. How's it goin'?
Let Them Eat Goo,Craig,You're out of the hospital?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Yes. The girls tried to kill me, but they did not succeed. However, we cannot let the girls' protest ruin our lunch ever again!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,"Oh, give me a break! [arrives from her locker] It's not just girls who wanna change the menu, it's boys too!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,Yeah. I want vegan food.
Let Them Eat Goo,Millie,A lot of students are protesting!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Well, their protesting is ruining my lunch!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,We have a right to free speech.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Yes, we do all have freedom of speech! But at times, there are ramifications for the negative that can happen when you're not thinking about others and you're ONLY THINKING ABOUT YOURSELF!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"[arriving] Whoawhoawhoawhoa, what's goin' on, kids?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"The protesters are tryin' to kill Eric again, Mr. Mackey."
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, kids, we don't want another incident here, okay?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"They're trying to take people's lunch! They don't realize it harms people financially, physically, emotionally, and spiritually. [begins to choke]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Eric, it's okay. We aren't going to change the school menu, okay? Everything's fine."
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,That's not fair!
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,Doesn't it matter we're being silenced?!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Agagagh, my lunch!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Girls, I'm sorry, but the health of our students has to come first."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Gerald shows up at the front door and knocks. Randy answers the door"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Gerald, thanks for coming! You're not gonna believe this!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,Believe what? Your text said that-
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Come on come on come on. [pulls him in. Next scene is in the kitchen. They go to the table, on which sit two burgers] I think I've perfected it, Gerald. I made a sustainable, healthy alternative to meat. I want you to try it. [hands a burger to Gerald]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,It's a hamburger?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"It's a Tegridy burger. Go ahead, try it. [Gerald takes a bite and chews it for a few seconds] Well?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,This tastes like shit.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Yeah. It's plant-based. But keep eating it, though."
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,[through the chewing] I just- I just don't think it's very good.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Wait for it. Wait for it...
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,"[gets a small epiphany] Oh. [starts to giggle, then Randy joins in]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Yeah ha ha?
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,"Yeah, it's good."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Yeah, right?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Gerald,"[takes another bite and chews on it] Whoa. It's really fucking good, man! This is like the best burger I've ever had!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"And you can eat a lot of them and not feel bloated. Towelie's had like 12. [points to Towelie, who's reclining against a cabinet eating a Tegridy burger.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,Best burgers I ever had.
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunch. Cartman is back a table with the other boys, and they're all eating barbecue ribs with corn on the cob and cole slaw. Cartman is still in his hospital gown, which means his back side is exposed. He's also wearing the hospital bracelet"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,[savoring them ribs] Ohm... oh my God. School cafeteria ribs. After all that yogurt and crap they gave me at the hospital? OHM.
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,I looove barbecue rib day.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Yeah. I think maybe I like rib day even more than sloppy Joe day. It's a difficult choice.
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,"Everyone? Everyone, can I have your attention, please? [the students all stop eating and look at her] Look, guys. We're supposed to be the young generation, right? We're the ones upset about the world our parents left us."
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,"Yeah, but eating this kind of food makes us all just as guilty."
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,The millions and millions of cows and pigs and chickens that we harvest every year [Cartman begins to tremble in anger] are a huge reason for climate change.
Let Them Eat Goo,Nichole,"It is up to us, as students, to protest for change."
Let Them Eat Goo,Boy,Young voices matter!
Let Them Eat Goo,Wendy,"Without sustainable and ethical food choices now, we're proving to be no d-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"[leaves the table] AAAH! GAAAH! [in the middle of the cafeteria, to Wendy] CAN I PLEASE JUST ENJOY MY LUNCH FOR FIVE GODDAMNED MINUTES?!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"You gotta calm down, Eric. Remember your condition, Eric."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"We all have freedom of speech, but stop talking about climate change DURING LUNCH TIME!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Okay. that's it, Eric."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Some of us can just enjoy some simple goddamned barbecue ribs! And I- Daah! [stiffens up as anger overtakes him] Oh God, they did it again to me, Butters."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,Eric!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,I think this is the Big One! Don't let me die.
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,Somebody help!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Don't let me die. Don't let me die, Butters. [drops on his back.]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front lawn. An ambulance waits as Cartman is being loaded up into it. The rest of the school stands around looking at this incident. Two paramedics treat him. The brunette, Smith, puts some defibrillators on and gets ready to deliver a jolt"
Let Them Eat Goo,Paramedic 1,"Clear! [the brunette delivers the jolt, then they both look at the EKG]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Smith,We got him back!
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Agh. Fuck you, Wendy."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, day, inside. A mother and son are at the counter"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"So that's one Whopper, one order of chicken strings, and a medium beverage. Is there any-? [stops when he hears someone outside]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,[outside] Burgers! Get your burgers here!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"Uh okay, that'll be fift-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Plant-based burgers for sale!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,Excuse me one moment. [leaves the counter]
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, day, outside. Randy has his burger stand up, selling $5 burgers that are all natural, plant based, and locally made"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Get your hamburgers here! [a crowd begins to form] Plant-based burgers for sale!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"[now outside] Hey, what are you doing?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"I'm sellin' hamburgers. All-natural, completely plant-based. [a customer pays up and gets his burger] Thank you, sir."
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,You can't sell hamburgers here! This is a Burger King!
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,You sell hamburgers here.
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Yeah, you sell hamburgers here."
Let Them Eat Goo,Customer,This is seriously as good or better than a real hamburger. Can I get a couple more to take to work?
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,"Hey! Now look, buddy! I'm not gonna lose customers because of YOU! [walks onto the parking lot] We have plant-based burgers inside as well! Come try our Impossible Burger."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Tegridy Burger. Made locally right here in South Park. Tegridy Burger.
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,STOP that!
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. PC Principal holds a student assembly"
Let Them Eat Goo,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up! As you know, there are several students protesting the school menu. But there are other students who are voicing their concerns against changes. Eric Cartman is still recovering in the hospital, we all wish him well. [clears his throat] Now, the school has been looking into several options to deal with the problem, and I do believe we have found a compromise. We have found a new company in the plant-based fast-food industry who would like to be the supplier for our cafeteria. And so please welcome the founder of Incredible Meat. [steps aside and claps for the founder, who steps in]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Incredible Meat founder,"Hello, children. I want to thank you and I want to thank your fine principal for hearing me out. I take plants, and I process them into goo. I'm a goo man. I have factories all over the country. I have trucks right now loaded with goo that can be here within the week. The goo I speak of can be made into anything. It can be made into tacos. It can be made into hot dogs. And I promise you that none of you students will know the difference. I would very much like to be the plant-based meat vendor for your school. I would like to be the plant-based meat vendor for your town. I'm a simple family man and a vegetarian. I would like the opportunity to make you all vegetarians as well, and I thank you."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. Randy stands at the podium reading from index cards"
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Eating meat doesn't just hurt animals. It hurts people. It takes 13 pounds of grain to produce just one pound of animal meat. All that plant food could be used much more efficiently if-m, if people just ate it directly. Meat is also not environmentally friendly. Meat production is wasteful and causes enormous amounts of pollution. And the meat industry is one of the biggest... [after a few seconds, the camera finds him drifting away from the podium, Tegridy Burger in one hand, index cards in the other] ...Huh? Oh, I was just saying... [turns and walks back to the podium] that adopting a vegan diet is way more effective than switching to a greener car in the fight against climate change. For your health, for our planet, for the animals and for each other, we have to switch to plant-based foods. Now, it just so happens-"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Burger King, day. The clerk is all alone now, having lost all his business to... He hears music outside and walks towards it"
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,You gotta be kidding me!
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,...Tegridy Burger. Randy's hamburger stand is now a full-fledged fast-food restaurant
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,[through the PA system] It's our Grand Opening! Come and visit your town's only plant-based burger joint!
Let Them Eat Goo,Clerk,It's not the town's only plant-based burger joint! [goes back to Burger King. Tegridy Burger is humming with activity]
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Celebrate our Grand Opening! Tegridy Burger! Cheeba cheeba. Cheeba cheeba.
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. Token is at the entrance on the lookout"
Let Them Eat Goo,Token,"Here he comes. [two seconds later, Cartman enters the cafeteria using a walker. He's in his hospital gown. He sees all the other students staring at him. He turns right and goes to the kitchen]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,[walks past Mr. Mackey] Mr. Mackey.
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"[nervously] Wuhuhuhu... hello, Eric."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"[stands in line behind Butters] What's goin' on, Butters? It's taco Tuesday. [the line moves forward]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"[weakly] It's taco Tuesday... [turns and walks forward. He gets his lunch, looks back at Eric, and heads for the boys table]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,These tacos look different. What kind are they?
Let Them Eat Goo,Cook,They're... Incredible Beef... tacos.
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Oh, Incredible Beef tacos. That sounds nice. [takes his tray and heads back to the cafeteria, where he again sees the students stare at him. He joins the other boys at the table. He looks around and the other students turn back to their meals. Nobody is talking. Cartman bites a taco and his friends look on. After 25 seconds...] Did you guys see that new Joker movie?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Whoa, uh, thank God it worked."
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"City Wok, day. The goo man stands outside the restaurant and looks it over, then goes inside."
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,Welcome City Wok. I take a order prease.
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,Are you the owner of this restaurant?
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,Yes. I take a order prease.
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,"I'd like to do business with you. Your establishment here is perfect for my plant-based meats. You see, I am a goo man. If you carry my product, Incredible Meats, we can put the word Incredible before all of your dishes."
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,You mean instead of City Chicken I could have Incredibre City Chicken?
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,That is correct.
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,You mean instead of City Mongorian Beef I could have Inrcedibry City Mongorian Beef?
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,That's right.
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"You're saying now I could have scallops with Incredibry City XO sauce?! Okay, sign me up!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,"That is most excellent. [gets out a pad and pen] Now, how many customers, on avarage, do you have per day?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Including my wife? Uh, 0 to 1 per day."
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,[stunned] That's it?
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Yeah, I got no customers now that Tegridy Burger opened up. Everyone want plant-based food now. That why I'm ready you sign me up."
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,What is Tegridy Burger?
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Yeah, here you look. Down the brock. [they walk to a window and look out] Most popular prace in town. [they look at the place for a few seconds]"
Let Them Eat Goo,Goo Man,Is that so?! [makes his way to the entrance and leaves]
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Kim,"Hey! [follows him out] Hey, what about my incredibry City chicken?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. A farmer knocks on Randy's door. Randy answers it"
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,What'r you doin' you sonofabitch?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Excuse me?
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,I'm the biggest cattle rancher in South Park. I made ma livin' 62-odd years before you fancy plant growers done showed up and put me out of a job!
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Well I'm sorry, Mr. Cow Killer, but this is called ""evolution."""
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,"I got 300 cows that the world suddenly decided they got no use fer! What am I supposed to do with them?! Put them in a zoo?! What they gonna do now? Go start some cow circus?! Go make some cow TV show?! You are single-handedly making cows extinct! You got a plan for 'em all? Fine! [turns to whistles to his cattle] Come on! [cows emerge from the field and gather outside the front door.] Come on! Yeah, come on! Mr. Plant-based Burgers here is gonna take care of you now! [makes his way through the herd in order to leave] Yeah, don't worry. He cares about the environment, so he could figure out what to do with you."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"Uh ho, hehey, fuck you!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Rancher,"No, fuck you, sumbitch! They're your problem now!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Sssssouth Park Elementary, 4th Grade. The students are in their seats, but Mrs. Nelson is seated, hunched over a Tegridy Burger, unable to take another bite but making an effort to."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,...Teacher? [she lifts up a finger and mumbles a bit. The lunch bell rings]
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Lunchtime! [nothing was taught this morning]
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunch. The students stream in as Mr. Mackey keeps watch"
Let Them Eat Goo,Mr. Mackey,"Walk, don't run, m'kay?"
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Hey Butters! [Butters stops, a bit unnerved] Wait up, dude. You know what today is, right? It's Salisbury Steak day! Salisbury Steak day!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Both,It's Salis-
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,[flatly] -bury Steak day! [looks dejected]
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Butters, is something going on? Your lunch dances aren't the same."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"Eric, I. I just hate lying to you. I mean, you've been in the hospital. Twice. I feel guilty."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,Guilty... about what?
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"It's our lunches, Eric. It's... Incredible Meat."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,"Yes, I think it's pretty good."
Let Them Eat Goo,Butters,"No, Eric. See, there was this guy. He's a goo man."
Let Them Eat Goo,Cartman,The fuck is a goo man?
Let Them Eat Goo,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The cows are still milling around eating the weed. Some of them poop as they walk. Randy is in his tractor driving around."
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,"[comes across a cow] Go on! shoo! Hey! Goddamnit! [some time later, he's talking to Towelie] I don't know what we're gonna do. These cows are eating all our weed and they're shitting everywhere. They're gonna put us completely out of business!"
Let Them Eat Goo,Towelie,Did you find anyone else to take 'em?
Let Them Eat Goo,Randy,Nobody wants cows anymore! They're bad for climate change! [takes a quick look around] We gotta kill 'em.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The farm is decked out for Halloween. In the living room, Randy brings out more Halloween decorations. Sharon is working on her laptop, Stan is busy on his phone"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[dances in with a Jack O'Lantern] It's the most wonderful time of the year. [puts it on the table] Well? You all excited, gang?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stan,For Halloween? I guess so.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Ugh, this isn't any Halloween, because this week, Tegridy Weed is doing a Halloween special. It's big promotional thing. Everyone's gonna love it. Hey, wuh-where's Shelly?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,Shelly hasn't come out of her room in two days.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Why?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,"[angrily] You know why, Randy."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[Sighs] Yeah. Yeah. [Sharon glances at him]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Shelly's room, later. Her door is open, and Randy walks in"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, Shelly? Can I talk to you for a minute?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,What do you want?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Come on, kiddo. [sits on her bed and motions for her to sit next to him] Come talk with your old man, huh? Come on now. [Shelly leaves her desk to sit on the bed] Shelly, we need to talk about your marijuana problem. You know, what's your problem with it?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,I hate marijuana!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Yes, we all know, but ugh, why?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"It stinks, and it makes everyone in this town dumber than they already are!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Shelly, the truth is, some of the most important people in the world smoke weed. Did you know that Snoop Dogg smokes weed?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Yes, everyone knows Snoop Dogg is a stupid pothead!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Ugh, way more people enjoy marijuana than you think, okay? Okay, who's your idol? Who do you most look up to in the whole world?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Serena Williams
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Total stoner. High as a kite. Every tennis match.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,No she's not!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"You don't know that, Shelly! Now you're just making assumptions!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Everyone in this country is getting dumber, and I wish Marijuana was illegal again!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[gasps and stands up] Shelly! [begins to pace the room] Okay, loook. The thing is, this problem you're having with marijuana? It's just got to stop, okay? We're working on out Tegridy Farms Halloween Special, okay?? Nobody wants a giant bummer ruining it! I love you! [leaves and closes the door]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"The Egyptian Artifact exhibit at the Denver Museum, day. A shadow appears, followed by the person casting it: Butters"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,[looks around] Whoa. Very impressive. [strokes his chin] Indeed. [walks up to a plaque and reads it with a loupe]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,"[lookin gon with Linda] Find anything good, Butters/"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"One minute, Dad! Archeologist Butters just needs to get his stamp and sticker for his autograph book. [gets a sticker of Baster and a stamp] Aha! another rare find!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,"Well, did you all enjoy the museum, gang?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Well wait wait, we can't leave yet! I got all the stickers and tamps except for one!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,Well I'm pretty sure we saw the whole exhibit.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Can I just check around one last time?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stephen,"Alright, Archeologist Butters, but then meet us back right here."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Well o-kay!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,An Egyptian funeral ship. A guide is explaining its varioys aspects
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guide,"What you're seeing here are original knots which were joined in the main pieces of the Khufu boat. The cedar timbers of the boat's hull were lashed together with hemp rope, a technique used until-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Whoa! Whoa! Wait just one second! Are you actually saying that hemp, a classification of cannabis [Shelly looks at him], was actually used by he ancient Egyptians? [strikes a pondering pose]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guide,"Well yes. In fact, it's been found that cannabis was used by Egyptians for its medical properties as well."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Hold the freaking phone! You're telling us that marijuana has been used throughout the centuries-?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Is this why you brought me here?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"No, I d-, I'm just, I'm surprised that-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,You said you wanted a special day with just your daughter. You said a father-daughter day at the museum could help us connect.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"And, and it is, Shelly. We're havin' a great time!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,I don't care if Egyptians used stupid pot! [runs off in anger]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[noticing the stares, stands up] She has a marijuana problem. Shelly! [runs after her]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"The Egyptian Artifact exhibit, at the same time. Butters retraces his steps"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Been there... Saw that... Where's that stupid last sticker stamp? [sees a hallway he missed earlier] What's this? [he sees something ahead of him that excites him and runs to it. The sarcophagus of Took-tan Ra]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Whoa... [gets to the exhibit and reads through his loupe] ""Sarcophagus and mummified remains of Egyptian royalty."" This is it! My last sticker! [gets ready to stamp his sticker book...]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Jud,[interrupting] That's the mummy of Took-tan Ra. You don't wanna put that stamp in your sticker book. Nobody puts that stamp in their sticker book.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,But this is my last one!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Jud,"It's got a curse on it. Ancient love cure not fit for any child. You can look at the mummy all you like, but... you don't want that stamp... in your sticker book."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"[looks at his sticker book] Haha, that's okay. I'm no ordinary child. I am Archeologist Butters! [stamps his sticker book and runs off happily. He doesn't notice the brief glow the stamp gives off] Happy Halloween, Mister!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Jud,"[watching him go] For some of us, maybe."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. In the barn, Randy paces back and forth while talking to Towelie."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"It's just so hard being a parent sometimes, you know? I've tried everything to get through to my daughter. I took her to a laser show, I played her all of Dark Side Of The Moon, but... it's like... it's like there's something in her head that just doesn't get it!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"That's awful, Randy. I'm sorry."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"It's just- I have to live my life, you know? I can't let her problems with marijuana drag me down anymore."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"No, you're right You're totally right."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"So, anyway, hey. How's the Halloween Special comin' along?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,The Halloween Special? Oh it's ready.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,It's ready?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, it's right over here. [shows Randy the way to the new plants]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,O-ho wow! The Halloween Special! I'm so excited to try it.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, it's basically a hybrid of our Tegridy Gold and Colorado Kush. Turned out really great, I think."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[inhales the aroma] Oh, wow, that is nice! I'd like to see anyone compete with this Halloween Special."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. He's asleep in his bedroom, on his right side. He flips over to his left side, and the stamp begins to glow. Something goes thump and Butters sits up, wide awake. He hears a knock"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"M-Mon? [two knocks] ...Dad? [the door bursts open and a mummy walks in. Butters screams as the mummy trashes the room. The mummy then grabs Butters... and hugs him. Butters calms down] A little... Why. Oh. Okay. Oh. Okay. Okay. Oh that's okay. [softly] That's okay. There you go. [the mummy lets go and sits on the bed next to him, presenting him with a gift] Form, for me? Oh, thank you. [takes the gift and opens it] Oh wow! A Fitbit! [the mummy murmurs something] Why thank you. Thank you. I... actually already have a Fitbit, but I could-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mummy,Huh?!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I could give this one to a friend. [the mummy growls and stands up angrily] I just... I have one, so... [the mummy goes into a rage and finishes trashing the room, then just turns around and leaves]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, kitchen, night. Shelly is cooking up a strange brew on a hot plate in her room."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Furniture polish, paint thinner and bleach.Ammonia and antifreeze. One tablespoon each.I hate everybody, I just like to read.Everyone's stupid. They smoke too much weed.So with this eldritch potion and these ancient wordsI make my revenge upon all the turds.[she adds a lot more bleach and continues to stir]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's eating Frankenberry cereal breakfast in the kitchen when he hears two knocks and gets alarmed. He leaves the kitchen to go to the front door. He opens the door and two officers stand outside"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,Butters Stotch?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Yes sir?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,We want to ask you some questions about what happened in town last night.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,what... happened in town?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,People were attacked by an ancient Egyptian mummy. It killed five people and destroyed everything it could.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"[nervous] Oh, uh, a mummy, huh? That's, that's weird."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"Oh, you just think that's weird? Because the mummy said you two got in some kind of altercation last night."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,What?? The mummy talked to you??
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,"Is it true, sir, that you and the mummy [reads his report] ""got into an argument over a gift you didn't seem to appreciate""?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,There was no argument. I just said I already had it and I'd give it to a friend.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,A present that the mummy got for you?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I, I just goh-"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,You can see how that could be pretty hurtful.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,Did you throw the mummy out of your house?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"No! I didn't throw the mummy out of the house! The mummy got all pissed off at me and left! [the officers look at each other, and Brown whips out his own notepad and starts writing]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"You're gonna have to share in the damages here, son."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"But I didn't do anything wrong! Okay, look officers, I think [cups his hands together nervously] I'm under some kind of curse."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,Well that's what the mummy told us about you.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,You got a summons to appear in court. Until then I just suggest you and the mummy stay away from each other. [rips out the ticket citation and plants it on Butters' forehead]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, barn, day. Randy and Towelie are sampling their newest hybrid."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh, man, I really like it."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, it's smooth."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"It's really smooth. This is so good that we shold stop smoking it right now. We don't want to ruin our Halloween experience, you know? [Shelly walks in with her eldritch potion, unseen] This is seriously gonna be the best Halloween ever. [she chucks the potion all over the Halloween Special, causing Randy and Towelie to turn to see what happened. Many of the plants suffer chemical burns. Randy gets alarmed] AAAAAAA! Shelly!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,That's what I think of your stupid special! [walks away and Randy races for the plants]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,No! Nooo!!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gymnasium, day. Mr. Mackey has another assembly, this time over appropriate halloween costumes."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. Halloween has almost arrived and I wanna make sure that we are all aware of certain guidelines when it comes to Halloween costumes at school. Now, I don't wanna see any FUCKING SOMBREROS! Alright, if I see any fucking Mexican sombreros, or anyone fucking dressed like a fucking Native American, I'm gonna lose my fuckin' shit! There will be no hobos, or bums, anything depicting people from low-income households."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Cartman,"Ahp, no Halloween for you, Kenny."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,PC Principal,"And lastly, heed my fuckin' words. If I see any of you girls dressed as fucking Moana, I'm gonna lose my fucking mind! Alright now, the student book fair is coming up next week. We encourage all students to be able to- [crasing sounds herald the mummy's arrival. It crashes through the double doors and stomps across the floor. The students flee in all directions. The mummy grabs students at random and throws them all over the place]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Counselor's Office, moments later. Butters faces Mr. Mackey."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"...and that's all that happened. I put that stamp in the sticker book, and now this mummy is destroying everything around me. I need help."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Okay. An-and do you feel like maybe the mummy is trying to, you know, get you to react?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Wuh-what, what do you mean?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Well, you know, Butters, the mummy feels like you get to do whatever you want, but it doesn't get to do whatever it wants."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Wait. The mummy talked to you, too?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Yeah, yeah, we had a good talk, yeah."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,Why is it talking to everyone?!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,I think the mummy is very insightful and cares about you a lot.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,No it doesn't! This is crazy!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Look, the mummy's just sad because you get to go to school and have fun, and what does the mummy get to do? You know, it just sits around being a mummy. You know, that's not fair."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"First of all, I don't have fun at school! And secondly... the mummy can do whatever it wants; I don't care!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Mr. Mackey,"Right, but you do care, Butters, because you're sitting in my office talking all about the bad things that the mummy does."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy sits in his wooden swing and looks at one of the tickets he had made for his Halloween Special weed. He sighs."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"[appears in the yard behind him] Randy, quick! You gotta come see!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"I just need some time, okay, Towelie?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Look! You don't understand! The special! Well, it's a miracle! [leaves. Randy gets up to follow him] Come on! You're not gonna believe it! [they head for the barn]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,The barn. They step inside
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Alright, Towelie, what is this ab-? Whoa! [the Halloween Special has overgrown and taken root all over the barn] The Halloween Special!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Whatever your daughter threw on this shit made it more powerful than ever!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[jumps for joy] Yeah! We're back!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Yeah!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Yeah! Yeah!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"A restaurant, day. Butters is enjoying drinks with the main four and Token."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I have to end this curse, fellas. It's getting worse every day. Last night the mummy attacked my parents, and it said I was being narcissistic. It has no reason. No logic! One minute it's destroying everything, and the next it's sending me selfies like nothing ever happened. Look! [sure enough, there are several selfies of the mummy - in a park, in bed, working out - on his phone] This whole thing is so crazy it's starting to make me think I'm crazy!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Stan,"Well, it is a little crazy how much you talk about the mummy."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"[jaw drops, then] It's a freaking mummy! Wouldn't you talk about it?!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Kyle,"We're just saying, Butters, that sometimes it all seems a little codependent."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Cartman,"Yeah, like you and the mummy need to do your own things sometimes."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I would love that, but I don't have a choice! I swear, you guys. Mummies can smell fun! Whenever I'm somewhere, and I actually start havin' a good time, I get a call or a text from the mummy sayin' ""Hey, what are you doin'?"" Like it knows."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Token,"Well, you're kinda havin' fun now, aren't you?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"Yeah. It is fun to get away and just talk to you guys. [the mummy pops up outside their window and throws its arms at it three times. The boys are spooked for a bit, then calm down] Oh, gosh darnit. [leaves the table] Hang on a second, fellas. [the mummy's eyes follow him]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy is putting new labels on jars of Tegridy Weed and humming, then placing them on a table by the front door"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Okay, that should be enough Halloween Special for the first few people [there are some 84 jars on the table] Now, I think we should put the open bar in this area [screen left] and the hot tub maybe right here [screen right. Shelly walks in wearing a backpack]."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Yeah, that'll work well."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"Dad, you have to drive me to the book fair."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,What what? [chuckles]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Mom said you have to drive me because she's taking Stan trick-or-treating.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[skeptical] You're going to a book fair?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Yes.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,On fucking Halloweed?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Yes!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[squeezes his face] I don't even know how to deal with you anymore. [gets in her face] You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"[moves to the front door] You're my dad, drive me to the book fair!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"I will not! I have things to get ready, and nobody cares about books on Halloween, Shelly!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"The last thing people in this town need is more marijuana! [kicks the legs out from under the table, and the jats crash onto the floor, shattering. She leaves]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,OH MY GOD! [kneels next to his ruined product]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station. Randy is talking to Det. Harris, with Shelly beside him"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"[sobbing] It's a nightmare! It's a personal hell! I've done everything I can, as a father, to help he with her problem, but she just ignores everything I say! I can't do this!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"You're such a piece of shit, Dad!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh, Shelly, I love you!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,What does her mother have to say about this?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Her mother doesn't say anything anymore! Whenever I bring up our daughter's marijuana problem, my wife says ""I'm gonna lose my mind if you bring this up again."" It's destroying all of us! I just think, maybe a night in jail is the wakeup call that she needs. I'm barely gonna have fun at the Halloween Special now! It's gonna be really hard for me to rage knowing you're in here, Shelly. It's gonna be really hard for me to rage! [an officer takes Shelly to a jail cell nearby, then opens it for her]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"Alright, there you go. [Shelly goes in and turns around] When you have a problem with drugs and alcohol, you hurt everyone around you. Happy Halloween. [slides the door shut]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,What are you in for? I'm in here because *apparently* I'm a passive-aggressive controlling and manipulative psychopath whose narcissitic behavior drives other people crazy.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. The Halloween special is undreway. Klieg lights shine their beams into the sky. MC Hammer's ""Turn This Mutha Out"" pumps through the loudspeakers. The living room is filing with people"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 1,"Hey, trick or treat. We're here for the Halloween Special?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"All right, here you go, guys. [hands him a jar of Halloween Special] That's a promotional gift from Tegridy Farms."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, come on in, guys! There's candy and hot dogs!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 2,Alright. [Towelie hands him a jar as well]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Samplers of the special are there on the table, guys. Feel free to light up!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Wow, we're almost out, Randy. I gotta go to the barn and get some more."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Okay, I'll hold down the fort. [Towelie leaves]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, outside. Towelie walks through the field to the barn"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"Jimmy crack corn and I don't care. Jimmy crack- [stops] Uh, what? [a bright light shines through all the windows on the barn as the Halloween Special has spread to the exterior walls of the barn]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"So I said, ""Okay, fine. You don't ever do anything wrong! It's all me! You've got no problems, only I have problems! Alright, uh I'll lock my own ass up! Then we'll see who's got issues!"""
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Will you SHUT UP?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I'll be in here, and something will go horribly wrong tonight, and then the monster will have to accept what it is, and finally work on changing, right?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,Probably not.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, the Halloween Special event. Randy is talking to one of the guests in the hot tub"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Naw, you see, fluvial geomorphology deals with the way rivers change over time. It's geology shit. It's why I got out of it, really."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 2,"Hey man, what's in this weed? [guests around him are clutching their bellies]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh! That's a company secret, my friend!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Guest 1,"No, I meant I- I don't feel so good. [begins to gargle and growl]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, are you alright there, buddy? [marijuana seems to sprout on the guest's body and turned him into a zombie. He turns around and growls at Randy] Whoa, dude, did you see that?! [looks over at his guest, who now, too, looks zombified. Randy jumps out of the hot tub when he notices all his guests looking like zombies, puts on a towel and runs outside]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,The marijuana field. Randy and Towelie run into each other
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Both,AAAAA!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Towelie! There's something wrong with thte special!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,"There's somethin' in the barn! The thing you killed! It wants revenge! [they head for the barn, and Randy sees it glowing like Towelie did before]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Oh Jesus! What happened?! [goes inside while Towelie waits outside]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,It's dead because o'you! And now it wants your soul!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[faces him] What?! What's dead because o'me?! [a shadow rises up and Randy notices: it's Winnie the Pooh clutching his intestines]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Pooh,"[cocks his head to one side] Oh, hello there. Would you like to die?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,[runs out] Ooooohh! Winnie the Pooh! Winnie the Pooh!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night. An officer runs in"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,Detective Harris! Something's going down at the Marsh farm!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer,"Calm down, sir! I can't understand you!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,Put him on speaker. [the officer switches from earpiece to speaker]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,There's monsters everywhere! It's some kind of curse! Unspeakable evil!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,[listening from his cell] The mummy! I told you!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"All different kindds of monsters! Zombies and plant people and bears! Oh my God! What's that?! Oh my God, it's Harvey Weinstein! He's got me! You've got to-argh! He's inside me! Harvey Weinstein is inside me! You've gotta send help! People are dying everywhere! No! Harvey, I said no! Please, somebody co- [the connection is cut]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"This is it, everyone! Let's move! All hands on deck! We've gotta take these monsters down! [all the officers rush out. Yakes returns]/i> Bring the kid who manipulates the mummy with his passive-aggressive serlfishness! [an officer opens the jail cell, and Butters and Shelly walk out]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, night. The Special event is still in full swing as the police pull up to the entrance. The officers leave their cruisers and jump into position with their rifles. An officer brings out a bazooka"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"Alright, men, let's take thee monsters out!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Shelly,"[intervenes] No, just hold on a second! I'll take care of this. [walks to the house. Meanwhile, out back, Randy and Towelie are still running, but are stopped by the cose they slaughtered in ""Let Them Eat Goo.""]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh God, it's the cows we killed!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Pooh,Oh. I'm really going to enjoy eating your brains. [leaps up to Randy's head and starts gnawing on it.]
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Get 'im off of me! Get 'im off of me! Oh my God! Get 'im off of me! [In her bedroom, Shelly is cooking up an antidote. She hears Randy and Towelie screaming and goes to look out the window] Waugh! Get 'im off of me!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Both,"Help! Somebody help us! Get them off of me! Waugh! [she sees them flailing about, but with no cows, bears, or other monsters around them. They are hallucinating]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Both,Somebody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Somebody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Get 'im off of me! Augh! We gotta fight them, Towelie!"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,Help! somebody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,Waugh!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Towelie,I wanna live! Get them of of me! Help! sombody help us!
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"We're going to live! We're going to live! [Shelly goes back to her pot and continues brewing] Help! Waugh, get him off of me! Get him off of me! You monsters! Go back to hell! [they begin to babble, and Randy punches the air] There's too many of 'em! [looks off to his left] Oh! What is, What is that?! [a blurry Shelly runs up to him with her pot] Oh! No! [she drenches him with her potion and he goes limp. He murmurs a fewwwww syllables and falls over]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tebridy Farms, entrance."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"Alright, that's it everyone! Nothin' to see here. Just some people who are really, really high."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officers,[let down] Aawwwwwwww.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Stevens,I can't shoot anyone?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"[walks up to Butters] You were so convinced the mummy was to blame for everything, weren't you? So convinced you made us all believe it too."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,I'm... [cups his hands together] I'm sorry?
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Det. Harris,"Yeah, well it's not us ...you really need to be sorry to. [looks over Butters' head at something. Butters follows his gaze amd sees tje mummy standing at the farm's entrance.] Let's see if you even have a shred of decency to apologize when something is clearly your fault. [Butters walks to the mummy]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Butters,"I'm so sorry. You're right. I can be selfish and narcissistic. Ah I'm gonna work on myself and... and try to make this curse work somehow. [the mummy rreaches into a back pocket and gives Butters a parting present, sighs, and walks over to a red car, opens the trunk, packs his suitcase, closes the trunk, gets into the driver's seat, puts on some sunglasses, and drives away. Butters open the present and reads the letter inside, which is just Egyptian hieroglyphics]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Officer Brown,"[looks over Butters' shoulder] It says, ""I hope you can get the help you need. I can't fix you"""
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. All the decorations are thrown away and lots of trash bins wait for pickup. Inside, Randy comes down the stairs looking quite beat up. The rest of the family is eating toast and cereal."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Hey, guess I slept in late, huh? What time is it? [serves himself some coffee]"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,It's 8:15 am. November 3rd.
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Ooof, wow. That was some strong-ass Halloween Special, y'all. I mean... I saw rapists in the hot tub, zombie cows. I thought I was gonna die, and then, this fat, bitchy angel came and put me to bed. [Shelly shoots a look at him for a few seconds, then looks at her food] Did everyone enjoy the Halloween Special?"
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Sharon,"No, Randy. Only you did."
Tegridy Farms Halloween Special,Randy,"Oh. Well, that was pretty much my target audience anyway. [walks away from the table with his coffee, back to the stairs] Hey, at least I really didn't have butt sex with Harvey Weinstein, huh? [sees something on the floor] Oh [it's a used confom. He picks it up and shows it to the family] Or did I? [twirls it around a few times] Woo! Happy Halloween, everybody! [lets go, and the condom lands on a wall, releasing its contents.]"
Season Finale,Randy,"Hey, good morning, everybody. Welcome to Tegridy Breakfast, the show where we talk about everything Tegridy Farms. I'm Randy Marsh."
Season Finale,Towelie,"Hehehey, folks. I'm Towelie."
Season Finale,Randy,"Today we're gonna talk about what's been growing on the farm, especially our new Tegridy Thanksgiving Special. [displays the new strain in a mason jar]"
Season Finale,Towelie,"I'll tell you what. I-I, I smoked that out of a four-foot bong, and it just about destroyed my fro-"
Season Finale,Agent,"[coming in with another agent and two police officers] Alright, wrap it up! Shut this down! Come on, Marsh, Let's go."
Season Finale,Randy,"Guh, uh go where?"
Season Finale,Agent,"Everyone's had enough, Mr. Marsh. I'm gonna need you to come with us. [an officer steps forth to arrest him]"
Season Finale,Randy,"[stands, to be arrested] What the hell are you do-? [remembers his show] Sorry, everybody. We'll be right back."
Season Finale,Officer 1,Let's go!
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day, outside"
Season Finale,Randy,What do you think you're-? My show! My Tegridy Farms show!
Season Finale,Scene Description,"City Hall, later. The City Council is in session. The officer brings Randy in, handcuffed"
Season Finale,Randy,"Hello, Mayor. Mr. and Mrs. Tweek, ... Mackey."
Season Finale,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Marsh, do you remember a few weeks ago when homes in South Park were attacked by a terrorist called Mexican Joker?"
Season Finale,Randy,"Yah, Mexican Joker. That was terrible."
Season Finale,Mayor,Right. Except there was no Mexican Joker. It was you who blew up people's yards because they were home-growing their own marijuana.
Season Finale,Randy,"[bites his lip, then chuckles] Well, that's ridiculous."
Season Finale,Mayor,The Tweeks have come forward with some footage caught on their security camera.
Season Finale,Randy,"Guys, I have nothing against homegrowers."
Season Finale,Mayor,"Run the footage, please! [her aide starts up the video. Randy is shown creeping up to a homegrown operation and pissing into it.]"
Season Finale,Randy,Hm... [the footage shown him getting deeper into the small garden and pooping in it] Hmmm... [then it shows him burying an explosive and walking away. Two seconds later there's an explosion and the camera footage is interrupted.]
Season Finale,Mayor,"People are fed up, Marsh. The past few weeks you've held parades for yourself, needlessly slaughtered a thousand cows, made deals with the Chinese, and nearly poisoned everyone with your Halloween Special. Everyone's had enough of Tegridy Farms."
Season Finale,Randy,Enough of Tegridy Farms? South Park is NOTHING without Tegridy Farms!
Season Finale,Mayor,You'll be taken to county jail to await your trial. Get him out of here. [an attending officer comes in to do the job]
Season Finale,Randy,I didn't do anything wrong! [the officer pulls Randy up to his feet and walks him away] You people are just jealous! Jealous that I took over South Park and I'm successful! [the officer takes Randy out of the office]
Season Finale,Mayor,Well. At least now South Park can start getting back to normal.
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. Two teams of six players each oppose each other in a game of football. Kenny has the ball and Cartman is set to receive it."
Season Finale,Cartman,"Titty farts! Titty farts dog wiener. [backs away] Dog wiener, dog wiener! [gets back into position] Pubic mound. Pubic mound."
Season Finale,Kyle,"Just hike the stupid ball, Cartman."
Season Finale,Cartman,Pubic mound titty farts hike! [receives the ball from Kenny. Kyle counts down 15 seconds before Cartman throws the ball.]
Season Finale,Kyle,Mississippi one Mississippi two Mississippi three Mississippi four Mississippi five Mississippi six Mississippi seven Mississippi eight Mississippi nine Mississippi ten Mississippi eleven Mississippi twelve Mississippi thirteen Mississippi fourteen Mississippi.
Season Finale,Jason,"[while Kyle counts] Hey, I'm open!"
Season Finale,Cartman,[while Kyle counts] You can't catch!
Season Finale,Jason,"[while Kyle counts] Dude, I'm wide open! [Cartman releases the ball, and it goes high. Jason goes into the street to catch it, but is struck down by a police car and killed. The officer doesn't stop. The ball comes down next to Jason two seconds later. Most of the boys are aghast]"
Season Finale,Cartman,That totally would have been a touchdown.
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The Church, day. Funeral music plays. Mrs. White is heard crying. Jason's casket and picture are shown"
Season Finale,Fr. Maxi,Little Jason White was a happy child. A playful child. And ultimately it was his playfulness in sports that got him killed in a freak hit-and-run accident. The father would like to now say a few words. [leaves the podium and gives Bob a quick hug as Bob takes the podium.]
Season Finale,Bob,"I'm Robert White, Jason's father, and I can tell you that as a White, Jason lived a challenged life. When I look out on this congregation, I can't help but think, ""There's not a whole lot of people here."" Doesn't seem like a big deal. Nobody's outraged. 'Cause it was our family. Nobody cares when a White gets killed by the police. There should be protests and marches, but NO. The police killed a White! That's not protest-worthy! Everybody's busy trying to lock up Randy Marsh! Now my wife and I have a dead child and we can't even get any weed to make us feel better! Yeah, don't listen to me. I'm just a White. [leaves the podium. His wife is still crying.]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Sharon is at the dinner table addressing her kids"
Season Finale,Sharon,"Kids, I have something to tell you, but I don't want you to be scared, okay? Daddy is... in police custody until there's a hearing. He could be in jail for a long time."
Season Finale,Shelly,Do you promise?
Season Finale,Stan,"Like, how long is ""a long time""? Could it be years?"
Season Finale,Sharon,"It could be, sweetheart. We don't know."
Season Finale,Stan,YES!
Season Finale,Shelly,Is it possible he could get out of it?
Season Finale,Sharon,"Of course it's possible, honey"
Season Finale,Shelly,Egh! [looks away angrily]
Season Finale,Stan,"But if he doesn't get out of it, then what happens to us?"
Season Finale,Sharon,"We probably have to sell the farm and move, back to town, and, sort of, live our lives without the marijuana business and without daddy. [a smile keeps breaking through as she explains things] Juts... try to stay hopeful, kids."
Season Finale,Stan,"We will, Mom. You too."
Season Finale,Sharon,"Okay, you too, Shelly."
Season Finale,Shelly,"Okay, Mom. You too."
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The White House, day. President Garrison is in the Oval Office cracking nuts and eating them. The phone rings and he picks up."
Season Finale,Garrison,"What? ...Who? ...Oh okay, sure, put him through. This is the President."
Season Finale,Randy,"Hi, Mr. Ga- Mr. President, Uh, I'm really sorry to bother you. Look, uh... I'm in a bit of trouble."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Huho, tell me about it."
Season Finale,Randy,"Yeah, they uh, someone got some supposed evidence on me doing something... ""illegal"" and uh."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Well, did you tell everyone you didn't do anything wrong?"
Season Finale,Randy,"Y-yeah, of course."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Well, did you then go on the attack and swap the accusations to make yourself a victim?"
Season Finale,Randy,Did I what?
Season Finale,Garrison,"Oh Jeez, DARVO, Randy. Deny, Attack, Reverse Victim and Offender. Alright, let's role-play. You be your accusers and I be you. Okay, go."
Season Finale,Randy,"Uh, uhm, ""Hey, you! You blew up people's yards who were growing their own marijuana!"""
Season Finale,Garrison,"""No I didn't! Are you joking, you psychopath?! Now you're blowin' up my yard!"" Go ahead, try another one."
Season Finale,Randy,"""You, you illegally damaged property and made your business-"""
Season Finale,Garrison,"""You damage property to make your business more profitable, you lying sack of shit! I'm not gonna be bullied by you!"" See? [looks at footage of himself speaking on several screens] It's really not that hard, just takes a little chin wiggle."
Season Finale,Randy,"Jeez, you're really good at that. Look, what I really need from you is some personnel. Do you know any good lawyers?"
Season Finale,Garrison,"Do I know any good lawyers? No, but I do know Rudy Giuliani. [at this point Rudy peaks out from under the desk.]"
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Hehey hey, fuck you!"
Season Finale,Garrison,"The fuck you, Rudy. Are you finished cleaning up those pistachio nuts yet?"
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Yeah, that's all of them, Mr. President."
Season Finale,Garrison,"Listen, Randy, I'm gonna throw you a bone. You just sit tight and I'll have him take care of this."
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy farms, day. The Broflovskis ring the front door bell"
Season Finale,Sharon,"Sheila, Gerald, hi."
Season Finale,Sheila,"Hi, Sharon. We just know you're going through a really hard time right now. We wanted to bring you guys some lasagna."
Season Finale,Sharon,"Oh that's so sweet, thank you. Other families have brought some stuff too. Come on in. [Gerald and Sheila go in and find something of a party going on. Shelly is dancing on the sofa] Hey guys. We got lasagna. [Stan, Butters, and Cartman show up and run around her]"
Season Finale,Shelly,I love lasagnaaa.
Season Finale,Sharon,"No running in the house, you little turkeys. [the boys run off, and Gerald and Sheila join her]"
Season Finale,Sheila,"Oh, look at that, Sharon. You took down all the pictures of marijuana."
Season Finale,Sharon,"Oh, yeah. You know, just too painful. You know, they remind me of Randy. That's why I took Randy's pictures as well, because, you know, they remind me of Randy."
Season Finale,Linda Black,"Look, I'm sorry if you don't want to talk about it, but have you thought of what you guys might do if Randy gets put away?"
Season Finale,Sharon,"Yeah, I've kind of made a list of all the things I might do. It's kind of a long list."
Season Finale,Bob,"Oh, isn't this lovely? [The music scratches to a stop. He, his wife and their daughter are just inside] The whole town, turning out to support the Marsh family in their time of need. [looks of shock great them] Our son was killed by the police."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,[sobbing] Why?
Season Finale,Bob,"Would have been nice if somebody had brought us some lasagna. You know, if I'm not mistaken, it almost seems like you people are happy that Tegridy Farms is being indicted. It's almost like you're reveling in it. My wife and I were both Tegridy Plus members! We always believed in Randy Marsh. We believed... in Tegridy. And now there's less Whites. Now there's less Whites. [they turn and leave]"
Season Finale,Butters,Oh Jeez. We should have never played football that close to the road.
Season Finale,Cartman,"Yeah, this isn't right."
Season Finale,Butters,"Wu-where are you going, Eric?"
Season Finale,Cartman,I think I might be able to help them. [follows the Whites out]
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, outside. The Whites are close to the entrance when Eric calls out to them"
Season Finale,Cartman,"Mr. and Mrs. White! [The Whites stop and he catches up to them] I'm sorry about what happened. I knew Jason pretty well. He was a shitty receiver, but he would have wanted his parents to... move on. And help a new child."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,What? What do you mean?
Season Finale,Cartman,"A few weeks ago, I was sent somewhere. It was a place where people like you could find a way to fill that empty hole."
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Texas detention center, day. An ICE bus pulls up and unloads its passengers, all parents seeking children to adopt"
Season Finale,Jeff,"Welcome, everyone. My name is Jeff. We're thrilled you've come to help out and adopt. The parents of the children inside have all been deported, but the kids are legal citizens, since they were born in the United States. [he leads the group inside and down some hallways lined with kennels] Mr. and Mrs. White?"
Season Finale,Bob,Yes?
Season Finale,Jeff,We've all heard about your tragic loss. I'd love to help out however I can. Is there something specific you're looking for?
Season Finale,Mrs. White,We... don't really know.
Season Finale,Jeff,"Well, we've got all kinds here, depending on your preferences. [points out the various kinds of kids he has as they move down the hallway] Here's a little Panamanian. They're very clean. This is a Colombian shorthair. Oh, and this is a good one. This is a Baja shepherd."
Season Finale,Baja Shepherd,"Quiero a mi papá. Quiero a mi mamá. [""I want my dad. I want my mom.""]"
Season Finale,Jeff,"Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú? [""Fine, thanks. And you?""]"
Season Finale,Bob,"Oh, honey. Look at the Peruvian hairless."
Season Finale,Jeff,"Yes, they're pretty silly-looking. Great with kids though."
Season Finale,Bob,"Hey, what's this little guy?"
Season Finale,Jeff,"Oh, why, this is a purebred Mexican. He's had all his shots; parents were deported two weeks ago. Here, we can let him run around a little bit. [opens the kennel to let the boy out]"
Season Finale,Mexican,"[steps out] Mi familia. ¿Dónde está? [""My family. Where is it?""]"
Season Finale,Jeff,"Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú? [""Fine, thanks. And you?""]"
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"Oh Bob, he's kind of perfect."
Season Finale,Bob,"Hello, little fellow. How would you like to be a White? [the boy is dumbfounded]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"County Jail Infirmary at South Park, day. It has 8 beds, six of which are filled. Randy is in the one at far right. A doctor is checking out his ears"
Season Finale,Randy,"Look, doctor. You have to give me something. I'm really sick."
Season Finale,Doctor,What exactly are your symptoms?
Season Finale,Randy,"I'm like, starting to question things that I've done. Like, starting to question the person I've become. And I can't sleep at night I, I just lay in my cell wondering if I've been a bad father lately, and a bad husband, and... please, it really hurts. I need some marijuana."
Season Finale,Doctor,"Sounds like you haven't had access to marijuana for a while, now reality is setting in."
Season Finale,Randy,I just need a little medicinal weed and these symptoms will all go away.
Season Finale,Doctor,"Well maybe they shouldn't go away. Maybe this is your wake-up call that you've been abusing drugs, and need to face all your wrongdoings, try to turn your life around."
Season Finale,Randy,You need to turn your life around! Clearly you have the addiction problem and I'm just your whipping boy!
Season Finale,Doctor,"That's not going to work, Mr. Marsh. You're not the President of the United States."
Season Finale,Randy,"Ahh, poop!"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The White house, evening. The Whites and their newly-adopted son are enjoying TV dinners in the living room. The boy studies them"
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"Well Alejandro, how are you enjoying being a White so far?"
Season Finale,Alejandro,"Mi familia. ¿Dónde está? [""My family. Where is it?""]"
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú? [""Fine, thanks. And you?""]"
Season Finale,Bob,"Yes, it's good us Whites have each other, Alejandro, because... I need to tell you something. You see, now that you're a White, life isn't gonna be so easy. You're gonna find that a lot of people in this world just don't care about the Whites."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"You'll hear about how others in the world are mistreated, but nobody will care when you are."
Season Finale,Crystal,Being a White is the hardest thing ever.
Season Finale,Bob,"That's my little White. [the boy is using a phone all of a sudden. Bob notices something onscreen] Oh, turn it up, honey."
Season Finale,Anchor,"And the President of the United States today called the allegations against Randy Marsh ""total, buttfucking bullshit,"" and claims the neighbors who came forward with the evidence video are ""tampon-faced, 69ing whistleblowers."" When asked for clarification, the President's lawyer and treasonous pig Rudy Giuliani, had this to say."
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Ohhh, this is just a conspiracy. It's conspiracy! And we need everyone out there who, who don't think their voices are heard, to make their voices louder!"
Season Finale,Bob,"Uh, he's absolutely right. Starting tomorrow, the Whites are gonna start actively trying to stop all this trial nonsense."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"Bob, Alejandro's on your phone and it's past phone use time."
Season Finale,Bob,"Hey! [snatches the phone from him.] Why, he's trying to call Mexico! Alejandro, the Whites do not use mobile devices after 7 pm."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,Why would he try to call long distance to Mexico? Does he just assume that the Whites have all the money in the world?
Season Finale,Bob,The Whites don't call long distance! [bops Alejandro on the head with the remote control]
Season Finale,Mrs. White,Jason never tried to use mobile devices after the cutoff time. Jason never tried to call long distance. [begins to cry and leaves the living room]
Season Finale,Bob,"Well good job, Alejandro! Now you've upset your mother!"
Season Finale,Alejandro,"¡Esa no es mi madre! [""That's not my mother!""]"
Season Finale,Mr. White,"Bien, gracias. ¿Y tú? [Alejandro looks at him quizzically]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,County Prison Therapy Room. Two guards keep watch over eight inmates in this room. A Relationship graph is drawn on a whiteboard under the room's sign
Season Finale,Randy,"I've had a lot of time to just sit in here and think. I'm starting to realize I have this pattern of behavior where I... always want more. More weed, more drinks, more deals with the Chinese. It's never enough. See, I've always had my flaws, but at the end of the day, I cared about people. You know what the President said? He said just deny everything and make yourself the victim. Yeah, well... maybe he's part of how I got here. Maybe the President has brought down my moral meter. I don't mean to cast blame - I'm to blame - but... ever since he was elected, I've compared my morals to his. And no matter how awful I am, I'm never as bad a the President, so I'm... okay."
Season Finale,Scene Description,"The Whites are in front of a market. Alejandro and Crystal carry bells in their hands, Bob has a clipboard, and his wife carries a sign: ""STOP THIS RIDICULOUS PERSECUTION!"""
Season Finale,Bob,"Help support Tegridy Farms and Randy Marsh! Randy Marsh has done nothing wrong! Stop the ridiculous persecution! [Alejandro is mad, so he doesn't ring his bell]"
Season Finale,Mrs. White,Exonerate Tegridy Farms? [a woman walks into the store without stopping to contribute.] Oh yeah! Just ignore us! The Whites are used to it!
Season Finale,Bob,"Good one, honey."
Season Finale,Crystal,Daddy! Alejandro isn't ringing his bell!
Season Finale,Bob,"Alejandro! There's few enough of us as it is! We're not gonna stop this trial unless all the Whites chip in! [takes the bell from Alejandro and rings it] Now ring your bell! [bops him on the head with it, rings it, and gives it back to him.]"
Season Finale,Alejandro,"[throws his bell away] ¡No quiero estar aquí! [""I don't want to be here!""]"
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"It's like he doesn't appreciate us, Bob."
Season Finale,Bob,"Oh, I know."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,"I mean, we give him a place to live, food, we take care of him."
Season Finale,Bob,It just... [soft gasp] he just doesn't seem happy. Maybe if we got him a little thing to take care of and feed he'd understand how much responsibility it is.
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Texas detention center, day. The Whites are back at the detention center with Alejandro"
Season Finale,Jeff,"We're so glad you came back, Mr. and Mrs. White. We have even more kids now whose parents have been deported."
Season Finale,Bob,"See one you like, Alejandro? Now that you're a White, you can pick anyone you want."
Season Finale,Jeff,"Oh, here's a good one. Four years old, parents just deported yesterday. He's a Panamanian podengo pequeño."
Season Finale,Bob,"Do you like him, Alejandro?"
Season Finale,Jeff,We could see how he gets along with the kids. [opens the kennel door and the boy walks out]
Season Finale,Panamanian,"Quiero a mi mamá. [""I want my mom.""]"
Season Finale,Alejandro,"Nunca la vas a ver. [""You won't see her again"".]"
Season Finale,Mrs. White,Oh look. I think he likes him.
Season Finale,Bob,"Alright, Alejandro, but you have to take care of him and clean up after him."
Season Finale,Mrs. White,This is a great addition to our family.
Season Finale,Bob,Yeah. [in her ear] Now there will be more Whites to stop those needless hearings.
Season Finale,Scene Description,"South Park County Prison, Cell 13. Randy sits alone in this cell looking at a picture of his family."
Season Finale,Officer Peterson,"Hey Marsh, you got a visitor."
Season Finale,Randy,I do?
Season Finale,Officer Peterson,[taking Randy to the visiting room] Fifteen minutes. That's all you get. [Randy goes in]
Season Finale,Giuliani,Hello Mr. Marsh? My name is Mr. Giuliani. I've been sent to try and help you.
Season Finale,Randy,"Oh. Thanks, but I think I'm just gonna plead guilty."
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Oh, that sounds like someone who's a little down in the puss. The President said you would be, and he thought you might need a little something special. [proceeds to take down his pants and briefs] Ssshhhhhh. [reaches into his ass and pulls out a joint, then lights it] Would this make you feel better?"
Season Finale,Randy,Oh. Ohhh.
Season Finale,Giuliani,[waves the joint around] Is this just what the doctor ordered?
Season Finale,Randy,Yeahhh. [jumps forward and takes a long drag]
Season Finale,Scene Description,Breaking News
Season Finale,Field reporter,"Tom, I'm standing outside the government building where Randy Marsh is about to be arraigned. Protesters from both sides have gathered here. Some of them who are for the proceedings..."
Season Finale,Crowd,Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!
Season Finale,Field reporter,...and also those in support of ending the investigation.
Season Finale,The Whites,Let him go! Let him go!
Season Finale,Mrs. White,These hearings are a waste of the taxpayers' money!
Season Finale,Bob,Nothing in these hearings will change the Whites' minds one bit!
Season Finale,Crystal,Daddy!
Season Finale,Bob,What?
Season Finale,Crystal,"Alejandro isn't putting on his sunscreen! [he's holding on to a bottle of it, though]"
Season Finale,Bob,"Alejandro, what have we told you?! All Whites wear sunscreen! Put it on right now! [takes the sunscreen and bops it on his head]"
Season Finale,Alejandro,"¡Ahhh! ¡No necesito protector solar! ¡Necesito a mi madre y a mi padre! [""Ahhh. I don't need sunscreen! I need my mom and my dad!""]"
Season Finale,Bob,"¡BIEN, GRACIAS! ¡¿Y TÚ?! Now put it on! [opens the sunscreen and rubs it all over Alejandro's face, giving him the whiteface of a clown.]"
Season Finale,Alejandro,"¡Alto! ¡Aah! ¡Alto! ¡Te odio! ¡Te odio! [""Stop! Aah! Stop! I hate you! I hate you!"" He runs away]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"City Hall, day. The Mayor. The City Council of 13 is seated. Mr. Mackey isn't present, as he was protesting outside. The President and Mr. Giuliani are present, flanking Randy. A small crowd of people is witness to the arraignment"
Season Finale,Mayor,"In the South Park vs. Tegridy Farms matter, we are now ready to proceed with the arraignment. Before doing so, Mr. Marsh, do you have any words?"
Season Finale,Randy,"Yeah, I have some words to say!"
Season Finale,Giuliani,"Go get 'em! Go, go get 'em!"
Season Finale,Randy,"I can't believe I'm being attacked here! You people are monsters! The evidence shows me in a yard taking a dump! Yes! Because I was setting a trap for Mexican Joker! [skeptical cries erupt from the crowd] That's right! And Mexican Joker attacked seconds later! I was trying to protect you people from terrorists! And what do I get for it?! I get a- a bunch of- [the President and Giuliani cheer him on silently] A bunch of... No... No, I can't do this. You wanna know what really happened? The President... sent me his lawyer, and his lawyer told me what to say to get off and gave me a joint in prison."
Season Finale,Crowd,[swelling] What??
Season Finale,Randy,"And then I smoked that joint! And you know what I thought?! I thought ""this is some shitty-ass weed."" It wasn't Tegridy. It barely even changed my mental state. The reason I got into the marijuana business was to make quality, simple weed that came from the heart. Weed that was strong, and pure. Somewhere on that journey I lost my way. Tegridy weed is about community. It's a sunrise. It's the smile on a baby. But most of all [reaches a chair and puts a foot up on it], Tegridy weed is about family. I had forgotten I have a loving wife, and son [Sharon, Stan, and Shelly are shown, Shelly with arms crossed], and I'm not gonna forget them anymore. [Shelly uncrosses her arms and puts her palms up] So I'm not gonna fight this. I'll do my time and... maybe someday I'll be back. Making marijuana that's simple. Marijuana that's Tegridy. Because, when you do the right thing, good things happen. [explosions are heard outside, and the people in chambers go to the windows to see what's going on. Sure enough, buildings are exploding all around town. Alejandro is vandalizing police cars with a bat]"
Season Finale,Man with orange shirt,"It's him! Oh god, it's him!"
Season Finale,Townswoman,"Oh, Jesus, save us!"
Season Finale,Officer 2,"G-give it up, Mexican Joker. You don't wanna do this. [Alejandro smashes the cruiser some more, then brings out a Molotov cocktail.]"
Season Finale,Bob,Alejandro! Get down from there this minute!
Season Finale,Alejandro,"¡Abajo con Estados Unidos! [""Down with the United States!"" An officer fires a shot and injures Alejandro. Other cops fire away and cause a cloud of smoke to rise up and hide Alejandro. Alejandro seizes the opportunity to make his escape.]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. Randy and Rudy exit the double doors and approach the podium set up for a press conference"
Season Finale,Reporters,Mr. Marsh. Mr. Marsh. Mr. Marsh Marsh Marsh. Over here.
Season Finale,Reporter,"Mr. Marsh, how does it feel to be exonerated? [as soon as they reach the podium, Giuliani starts massaging Randy's shoulders]"
Season Finale,Randy,"Thank you. It feels really good to have these charges dropped. Now we can all get back to the business of trying to heal. I'd like to... [notice Giuliani massaging his shoulders] Would you please get the fuck away from me? [Giuliani lets go, adjusts his dentures, and puts his thumbs up in approval] I'd like to take this opportunity to thank those who have always been by my side, supporting me from the very beginning, the people who stood by me since day one and gave me hope. The Whites. [he and Giuliani clap. The Whites look surprised, then they put their hands to their chests.] Thanks for having my back, Mr. and Mrs. White. And now, everybody, if you don't mind, I've got a farm to tend to. [waves to everybody as he leaves]"
Season Finale,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Winter has come, and snow is falling everywhere. The marijuana plants have been harvested and cut back. Inside, Randy brings a box containing six jars of Tegridy weed to the table. Shelly is suffering a personal hell being around marijuana, so she has buried her face in her arms"
Season Finale,Randy,"Well gang, I guess that's about it, huh? It's been a really good run, but, looks like the season is over."
Season Finale,Shelly,[perks up] The season is over?
Season Finale,Randy,"Well sure, the first snow is falling, crops are pretty much dead. Well what'd you all think, huh? I think the season was a little better than anyone expected. I really wanna thank you guys for a great run. [walks to a camera off to his left] And hey, we hope you all enjoyed the season too. It had a little bit of everything, didn't it? And hopefully, the season finale really brought it all home. Of course, if you haven't had a chance to try the season finale yet, it is available now for a special price. This limited-edition weed made from the very last crop of the season is pricey, but worth it. [cuts to the live-action shot of a guy's hand putting the jar of Season Finale next to the five other jars of episode-titled weed.]"
Season Finale,Announcer,Now taking pre-orders for Season 2.
Board Girls,Scene Description,"This episode starts with the PC Babies Theme Song PC Babies, they're coming to your town! PC Babies, the wokest kids around. When there's something problematic, they're sure to let you know. Making things fun and gender-neutral everywhere they go! They're everybody's fave-sies! They're PC Babies, yeah!"
Board Girls,PC Girl,Now back to PC Babies.
Board Girls,PC Boy,Waaa! [giggles]
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The Principal House, basement, day. Strong Woman is using a heavy Everblast punching bag with PC Principal holding it in place."
Board Girls,PC Principal,Yeah! Who's strong?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,I'm strong!
Board Girls,PC Principal,Who's Strong Woman?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,I'm Strong Woman! [they switch to dumbbells]
Board Girls,PC Principal,You're gonna smoke the competition!
Board Girls,Strong Woman,I'm gonna smoke the competition! [the babies begin to cry] Oh no. It's the babies.
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The living room, moments later. PC Principal and Strong Woman reach the living room and find the kids upset. Two of the kids sit on the sofa, the other three on the floor."
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Kids, kids. Okay, what the matter?"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Oh, no! I left Disney+ on and it went to Mulan."
Board Girls,PC Principal,They don't like Mulan?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"No, because Mulan is a female that identifies as male and yet the movie doesn't take the time to address real trans issues."
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Okay, okay, we know! [takes the remote and turns the TV off] Mulan is outdated in creating straw dog characters to talk about trans issues! Daddy's turning it off! [switches to another channel]"
Board Girls,Anderson Cooper,-But just how many advocates have yet to be seen? [the kids sit up and smile.]
Board Girls,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. PC Principal holds another assembly. Mr. Mackey, Strong Woman, and Mr. Adler sit far behind him"
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Alright everybody, listen up! As you know, this school is a place where everyone should feel included. Our challenge is to motivate ourselves and others to create an inviting, non-negative and HEY STOTCH, YOU GOT A FUCKING PROBLEM?! [Butters is caught whispering something to Scott]"
Board Girls,Butters,[quickly sits correctly] No sir!
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Now I think that what we all need are leaders who motivate by example, and so I would like to inform you all that your vice-principal [points to Strong Woman; she's somewhat surprised] is competing in the Strong Woman Competition in Morrison this weekend. Let's hear it for her. [the kids applaud as she takes the mic]"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Well, thank you PC Principal. Um, listen, guys. I just hope I can make you proud, and more importantly, I hope you can see that no matter who you are, you can do anything. We've really come a long way breaking down gender-binary bigotry, and I hope I can especially inspire some of my girl students here."
Board Girls,PC Principal,Or those who identify as girls.
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Yes, or those who identify as girls. Get out there and get involved in school sports and clubs. If there's something you love, don't ever let anything hold you back."
Board Girls,Scene Description,"Five boys are in the room: Clyde, Butters, Cartman, Scott, and Stan. They're playing Dungeons and Dragons"
Board Girls,Cartman,The first bugbear lashes out at Stan with its broadsword. [rolls the dice] And it hits with a 17.
Board Girls,Stan,How much damage is that?
Board Girls,Cartman,4 + 2 slashing
Board Girls,Butters,"Okay. I jump up to the bugbear! And I yell ""FOR WATERDEEP!"" and I kick it in the balls!"
Board Girls,Cartman,I don't think bugbears have balls.
Board Girls,Clyde,Then how do they make baby bugbears? [the door opens and Mr. Mackey brings in two girls]
Board Girls,Mr. Mackey,"Oh hi, boys. Uh we got some new students who want to be part of the gaming club. You know Tammy and Nichole."
Board Girls,Cartman,"Ah huh, ah, heh heh neh no."
Board Girls,Mr. Mackey,"This is a school club, boys. All clubs are inclusive. Have fun, girls. [the girls take their seats in the two remaining chairs and bring out their pieces.]"
Board Girls,Nichole,"Hey guys. [the other boys look at Cartman, who raises an eyebrow]"
Board Girls,Scott,[whispers] What the fuck do we do?
Board Girls,Cartman,"Um, guys, we play lots of games here at Dice Studz, but today [puts his hand on the cardboard sheet] we're playing D&D. You don't just show up and start playing, you have to generate characters and-"
Board Girls,Tammy,"Yeah, we created some this morning. I'm a human paladin and Nichole is a Tiefling warlock. [another long silence]"
Board Girls,Clyde,"[whispers] Do something, Eric!"
Board Girls,Cartman,"Eheh, ha, guys, um, they're fighting a bunch of bugbears now that are led by a 12th level druid..."
Board Girls,Nichole,"Okay, I cast Vampiric Touch on the druid. [rolls her dice] Crit. [the boys look at Cartman]"
Board Girls,Scene Description,The 6th Annual Strong Woman Competition
Board Girls,David,"A beautiful morning in Morrison, Colorado as we get ready for the 6th Annual Strong Woman Competition, a two-day long competition of tests built to push athletes to their very limits. [crowd reactions are shown. Lots of clapping and cheers] Joining me now is the current champion of the Strong Woman Competition, Strong Woman. [edges up to her] Ms. Woman, do you feel ready?"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Oh yeah. I'm ready, David. There are just so many amazing women athletes out here today it makes me so proud."
Board Girls,David,"Now, this is the first year that a trans woman is in the competition. How do you feel about that?"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Amazing. I feel honored to be a part of history. I have a lot of incredible trans friends who are athletes, and so we're all inspired this woman is competing."
Board Girls,David,"Uh huh, and uh have you ever actually met Heather Swanson?"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Uh, no, I've never competed against her before, no."
Board Girls,David,She's not exactly your average trans athlete.
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Well, what is an ""average trans athlete""? Honestly, I find that kind of bigoted, David."
Board Girls,David,"Okay, Heather Swanson is actually joining us now. Ms. Swanson, how does it feel to be competing today? [Strong Woman looks up at Heather with awe]"
Board Girls,Heather,"[joins the duo on camera] I can't tell you how free I feel now that I've started identifying as a woman. [adjusts her glasses] Now that I can compete as female, I'm ready to smash the other girls."
Board Girls,David,And is it correct you just started identifying as female two weeks ago?
Board Girls,Heather,"I'm not here to talk about my transition! I'm here to kick some fuckin' ass! Let me tell you something, dingleberry!"
Board Girls,David,David Perry!
Board Girls,Heather,"I'm gonna roll up the other women here, and I'm gonna smoke 'em! I am the strongest woman this state has ever seen! [starts posing]"
Board Girls,David,"Any words for the challenger, Ms. Woman?"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Uh, good luck, Heather."
Board Girls,Heather,"Huh huh, luck is for dudes. [walks off]"
Board Girls,David,"Well, with that let's get right to the action."
Board Girls,Scene Description,"Scenes of athletes working out and crowd reactions are shown. Strong Woman does a clean and jerk of some 550 lbs. PC Principal and the babies cheer her on. Heather steps up and does a clean and jerk of 850 lbs. Next, Strong Woman defeats a challenger in boxing, then competes in the shot put with Heather and another woman, then defeats another challenger in arm wrestling. Heather defeats her challenger in the same event. In tire-flipping, Heather defeats her challengers easily. PC Principal and the babies are dismayed at the beating Strong Woman is taking. Strong Woman defeats her challenger in wrestling. Heather defeats her challenger in boxing. At the Dice Studz Gamers Club, Tammy and Nichole are beating the boys at the samurai game, Rising Sun. Another shot of PC Principal and the babies being dismayed. Strong Woman and Heather compete with each other in a tug of war, and Heather defeats her soundly. at the awards podium, Strong Woman poses and shames the runners-up. This song plays throughout. Rising to the top, push it to the edge, Give it all you got. Barely break a sweat. Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Go! Yeah, she's got speed, she's got the moves, She's got the muscle and a whole lot to prove, Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Hey you! Go, Strong Woman, Go! Hey you! Your time is now, what'cha gonna do? Pedal to the metal, find another gear. She takes what she wants, nothing left to fear, Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Now hey, girl! You're the best in the world! And hey, hon! Don't look now, but you've just won. Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong Woman. Strong Woman."
Board Girls,Heather,[during the shot put] Arrrgh-yeahhhh! [at the awards podium] Hell yeah! I won! I'm a strong woman! Look at it! It's mine! I'm the best! I'm the strongest!
Board Girls,Scene Description,"On the ride home, Strong Woman looks beat. No one says a word until..."
Board Girls,PC Principal,"So, second place. That's pretty damn good."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,Yeah...
Board Girls,PC Principal,"I guess she... just started identifying as a woman a few weeks ago. Doesn't really seem.., fair..."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,Just don't! You'll upset the PC babies.
Board Girls,Scene Description,The Counselor's Office. Mr. Mackey listens half-heartedly as Cartman lays out his complaints.
Board Girls,Cartman,"[flanked by Butters and Scott] It is unfair, it is tyrannous, and it is wrong! Ever since these girls were allowed to join Dice Studz Gamers Club, it has been a train wreck! Every single game, they like, figure out all the rules, and they, use the rules, to like, make us look stupid!"
Board Girls,Butters,In D&D they killed the dungeon master. [points to Cartman] Well we didn't even think it was possible to kill the dungeon master.
Board Girls,Cartman,"Shut up, Butters. It's not possible. It's just that we play board games for the themes. We want to be pirates, or Vikings. You know what the girls think about? They think about red cubes versus blue cubes, and how much of this equals how many victory points. They're just doing math."
Board Girls,Mr. Mackey,So they're smarter than you and beating you at all the board games.
Board Girls,Scott,Yeth.
Board Girls,Cartman,NO!
Board Girls,Scott,[frightened] NO!
Board Girls,Cartman,"It's it's just, different. [starts tearing up] Look, we started Dice Studz with a dream. A dream that we could actually do something interesting at school, just for like 60 minutes. [Mr. Mackey galls asleep]"
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. The boys are eating tacos together"
Board Girls,Cartman,"""Nothing we can do,"" he said. ""Hands are tied,"" he said. We're gonna have to deal with this ourselves, you guys."
Board Girls,Stan,I think Nichole and Tammy are cool to play with.
Board Girls,Cartman,Well you won't think they're cool when the rest of us leave Dice Studz and you're left to play only solo board games!
Board Girls,Stan,You mean like Nemo's War? Nemo's War is sweet.
Board Girls,Clyde,"Look, maybe we just gotta play harder stuff, you know? Stuff the girls can't keep up with."
Board Girls,Butters,"Hey, that's not a bad idea. We've been taking it easy on the girls. Time to show 'em what real board gamers play."
Board Girls,Scott,What do real board gamers play?
Board Girls,Stan,"Well if you want something hard, then you need a really crunchy Euro game, something like a Vital Lacerda's Escape Plan or a Uwe Rosenburg Euro."
Board Girls,Cartman,Do they involve math?
Board Girls,Stan,Well all Euros are pretty mathy.
Board Girls,Cartman,"Nope, no good. We need something with lots of, like WAR and DICE and THEMATIC shit."
Board Girls,Stan,"So then you want a war miniatures game. Something skirmish-style, like Legion or Blood and Plunder."
Board Girls,Kyle,"Dude, you're really into board games."
Board Girls,Cartman,"Alright, that's it, you guys. Dice Studz Gamers Club is about to go [fans his arms out over his lunch tray] tabletop miniatures."
Board Girls,Scene Description,"PC Principal's kitchen, day. He's at the stove while Strong Woman fives the PC babies."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Emory, stop playing with your food. [the doorbell rings]"
Board Girls,PC Principal,I'll get it. [opens to front door and sees Heather]
Board Girls,Heather,"Hey, what's going on? Is your girlfriend home?"
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Uh, she's sort of busy right now, Ms. Swanson."
Board Girls,Heather,Just wanna tell her no hard feelings about me winning the Strong Woman competition. [holds up the trophy]
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Yeah, you already told her that at the competition."
Board Girls,Heather,You got a problem with me? 'Cause it's starting to seem like you have a problem with me!
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"What's going on-? Oh, hi Heather."
Board Girls,Heather,I was just stopping by to make sure you're not too beat up.
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Oh, that's... really cool. I'm sorry, but I have all the kids right now, and they're-"
Board Girls,Heather,"Oh, where are the little kiddos? [enters the house] I'd love to meet 'em. [enters the kitchen] Oho hey kids. Whoa, there's a lot of you. Your mom must be a strong woman to take care of all o'you. Of course, I have the Strong Woman trophy though. Heheheheh. Just kidding, right?"
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Look, why don't you just get out of here?!"
Board Girls,Heather,Oh! Sounds like someone here is a transphobe.
Board Girls,PC Principal,Don't you dare! I'm trans people's biggest supporter! What I think you are is a terrible sport!
Board Girls,Heather,Transphobe.
Board Girls,PC Principal,You'd better knock it off!
Board Girls,Strong Woman,Just don't. You're gonna upset the PC babies.
Board Girls,PC Principal,"And if you dare call me transphobe again, I'm gonna-"
Board Girls,Heather,"You're gonna what? Beat me up? You're gonna beat me up, transphobe? [PC Principal stands down] Yeah, I didn't think so. [to the babies]See you later, kids. Come on over and see old Auntie Heather if you want to see what a REAL strong woman is like. [leaves and goes out the front door. Strong Woman moves up next to PC Principal]"
Board Girls,PC Principal,Are you feeling what I'm feeling?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,What do you mean?
Board Girls,PC Principal,"I don't know what it is, but... something about that woman just doesn't seem right."
Board Girls,Scene Description,"School Club Room, day. Tammy and Nichole bring a third girl with them"
Board Girls,Emory,Now back to PC Babies.
Board Girls,Nichole,Hey guys. Hope it's cool we brought Kelly. She wants to be in the club too.
Board Girls,Cartman,"[sarcastically] Oho yes! that's very cool, girls! We're just setting up today's game. It's a pirate miniatures game called Blood & Plunder. [the other boys smile]"
Board Girls,Nichole,"Yeah, we saw it on the schedule."
Board Girls,Tammy,We love Blood And Plunder. Are we gonna play like a four-on-four skirmish with two different factions? [the boys' smiles vanish]
Board Girls,Stan,"Whoa, you painted your miniatures?"
Board Girls,Tammy,"Yeah. Who wants unpainted miniatures, right? [Cartman studies his unpainted miniature]"
Board Girls,Stan,Where'd you learn to do that?
Board Girls,Nichole,We watch YouTube tutorials. You can find a much on BGG.
Board Girls,Stan,I love BGG.
Board Girls,Kelly,Oh cool. Do you watch Game Night?
Board Girls,Cartman,"Excuse me! [pulls Blood & Plunder off the table and replaces it with a new game] We're going to play the six-hour long, very thematic Nemesis!"
Board Girls,Nichole,Oh cool. We just watched the tutorial for that on Dice Tower. [the boys look at Cartman for his next move]
Board Girls,Scene Description,A splash screen for Women In Sports appears on TV
Board Girls,Announcer,"And now, back to Women In Sports, with Janet Spears."
Board Girls,Janet,"Our next guest has been really lighting it up in women's competitions. Since she's identified as female two weeks ago, she's won every female sport she's entered. Please welcome Heather Swanson. [Heather has brought every trophy she's won with her]"
Board Girls,Heather,"Well thank you, Janet. It's a great pleasure to be here. I know that I'm an inspiration to all women and trans athletes everywhere."
Board Girls,Janet,"[dryly] Yes, we are all truly inspired."
Board Girls,Heather,"Now there are some women out there who just want to run and hide. [stands up menacingly] I'm talkin' to you, Strong Woman! [A shot of the Principal family watching TV] You still dare call yourself that?! Your name is a joke, because ol' Heather Swanson here will beat you anywhere, anytime, at anything! [Strong Woman leaves the sofa and goes to the kitchen]"
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The kitchen, moments later. Strong Woman is washing dishes when PC Principal enters"
Board Girls,PC Principal,"Hey, don't let her get to you, Strong."
Board Girls,Strong Woman,She's not getting to me.
Board Girls,PC Principal,"I, I-I don't know why she has such a grudge against you, and I-"
Board Girls,Strong Woman,Because I know her.
Board Girls,PC Principal,[jaw drops] What do you mean?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,It's Blade Jaggart. He - she - is my ex-boyfriend.
Board Girls,PC Principal,... What?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"Back when we were together he was such an asshole. When I finally broke up with him, he said one day he was going to get me back. And now he's got us both by the balls."
Board Girls,PC Principal,But then... she doesn't really care about trans people? Or women?
Board Girls,Strong Woman,"He hates wome- she, hates women. When I left him, he felt he got beat by a girl, and nothing makes Blade Jaggart more crazy than getting beat by a girl."
Board Girls,PC Principal,I didn't even know people like that existed.
Board Girls,Scene Description,"The Colorado General Assembly, day. Cartman speaks to the Assembly and is joined by Butters and Scott, as before"
Board Girls,Cartman,"[reading a prepared speech] It is unfair. It is tyrannous, and it is wrong. Dice Studz is a board game group that brings thrills and laughter to dozens of boys at our school. But that laughter is being turned into screams as girls constantly invade with their unfairness."
Board Girls,Butters,"[steps forward, interrupting] The girls found Eric on the first round of Fury of Dracula! [smiles. Cartman glares at him and he wilts and backs away.]"
Board Girls,Cartman,"[gets back to his speech] Yes, inclusion is wonderful, but we have to admit that boys and girls are simply different in some ways that can sometimes make competitions unfair. Have you ever seen how girls do their homework? They do it... that night, meticulously going over every detail and often finishing before they absolutely have to. This is how girls are with board game rule books. Before we even start playing, they've already strategized a way to win, leaving others in the dust.[puts away his speech] And now I'd like for you to hear from my friend Scott, who has diabetes."
Board Girls,Scott,[begins his own speech] My name is Scott Malkinson and I have diabetes.
Board Girls,Cartman,[whispers] Terminal diabetes.
Board Girls,Scott,[corrects himself] I have terminal diabetes. Board games are the only thing that give me relief from the physical and mental anguish I experience every day.
Board Girls,Butters,"Wow, Scott. I didn't know it was that bad."
Board Girls,Scott,Neither did I. [back to his speech] Dice Studz is my only shot at happiness. Please don't let outdated school policies destroy it. [steps aside]
Board Girls,Cartman,"[claps and returns to the mic] Wow, thank you, Scott. Diabetes, everyone. [closing statement] We hope that our presentation has helped to change your minds about school clubs in our country. If not, we will be back, every single day. Please, let Dice Studz be for studs."
Board Girls,Scene Description,An MMA sports show. Heather Swanson is one of the guests on it
