"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,I didn't think there was going to be a goddamned leperachaun!!!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,"All right, you two can go use the conference room. Go on, we have work to do here."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"[stunned] Wha?! Well wait, ahah I wanna see what happens here!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Deckter,"You signed an agreement, kid. We don't have time for this. Go on and do it."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"[looks at General Deckter, than at Stan] Stan?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Stan,"Dude, you did make a deal... [Kyle has run out of appeals and reluctantly follows Cartman out]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,Theee conference room is which way? [smiles]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,"Conference room, later. Cartman and Kyle sit facing each other."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"Here we are, Kyle. You tried to bail out on our agreement, but I found you."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"I didn't ""bail,"" I got picked up by the government!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"Well we're here now, that's all that matters. [brings up a small cup of mixed nuts] Care for some nuts? Oh, that's right. I guess you'll be chock full of nuts in a few minutes."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"Cartman, do you even know what's going on? We went to Imaginationland, terrorists attacked it, and now the government is about to-"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"[cuts him off with a loud yawn and hops off his chair] Oh jeez, I'm sorry, Kyle. [walks towards a tripod and sets a camera on it] It's just that I'm so completely bored by this story. See, I'm really only interested in the part where the leprechaun was real, and so you have to suck my balls."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"Okay, fine. You know what? Let's just get it over with!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"Oh nonono, nononot so fast, Kyle. [starts unzipping a duffle bag] I've waited a long time for this, and I intend to savor each and every second. [pulls out a purple robe]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"No, I'm serious! I wanna see what's happening downstairs, so let's just do it! [pounds the table with his left fist]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"[puts on the robe] Not... just yet, Kyle. There's still a few things I need to do. [pulls out a crown and turns to face Kyle] By the way, I should tell you that I haven't had a chance to shower while making my way up here. My balls are... [puts on the crown] extra vinegary..."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,Just get to it already!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,The portal at the Pentagon. The soldiers move slowly towards the portal. General Deckter walks up to the lead tech
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lead tech,Entering the portal in five seconds.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,"Kurt Russell, can I get a comm check?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,"Check 1, 2."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,"Good luck men! Godspeed! [the soldiers walk up the ramp and through the portal] What do we have?! Kurt Russell, can you hear me?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,[voice only] We're here. We're s-somewhere.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Tech 3,"They are inside the imagination, sir."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,What do you see in there?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,"There's lots of... big mushrooms, colorful grass, some castles in the distance, eh... Wait. Something's coming for us! It's coming out of the bushes and- [everyone braces for the worst] It's a-! ...Oh, Aw, it's just a cute little squirrel. [Everyone relaxes. Stan draws a sigh of relief] Hey, it talks, haha. The little squirrel talks."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lead tech,"Awww, an imaginary talking squirrel."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Techs,Awww.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,Ask the squirrel what it knows about the terrorist attack.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,"Wait a minute, eh. The squirrel has friends. Oh why, why it's a whole bunch of woodland critters."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Stan,"Wait, woodland critters... [begins searching his memory]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,"There's a talking bear and a beaver, uh... the, they seem to be Christmas critters. Well hello. Yes, hi."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Stan,Get them out of there!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,What?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Stan,Tell them to get away now!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,What's the matter?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,"Oh the... cute little bear's eyes are starting to glow red now... Uh hello there, little animals, do you happen to know how to huh? OW! AAAAAAAHHHH!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,"Kurt Russell, what's going on?!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,They're raping mee!! They're raping meee!!!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,"Get out of there, Kurt Russell!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kurt Russell,They're raping all of us! Whoaho! Oh it hurts! They're raping us and it huuurts! Waaagh!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,The conference room. Cartman fine-tunes the camera position.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,I was thinking of using a high-speed shutter with a low depth of field. What do you think?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"Goddammit Cartman, will you stop wasting time? I wanna get this over with!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"No, you're right, Kyle. A higher depth of field will make sure everything stays in focus. [sets the depth] There we go. [smiles, then returns to his seat] Now, Kyle, when you're sucking my balls, are you gonna think about how right I was about the leprechaun, or are you just gonna try and focus on how rough and salty my balls feel in your mouth?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,Let's just do it!! [pounds the table with both fists]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"In time, Kyle. You certainly are eager for balls, aren't you? Are you ball-famished? Balls-starving? You see, Kyle, I wonder if at this moment you are actually- [a red alert interrupts him]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Guard,Everyone to the main hall now! Go!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"Uh, no, no, we're not done in here yet."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Guard,Everyone to the main hall now!! [Kyle heads for the door and out behind the security guard]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"No! Goddammit, no!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,"The Gumdrop Forest. Butters, the Lollipop King, and Snarf continue down the Rainbow Road."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Snarf,"Boy snarf snarf, my feet are really gettin' tired snarf."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,"Aww, Sn-Snarf, could you maybe like sh-shut up for five minutes?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lollipop King,"Wait! There it is. We made it! [a rather impressive complex looms before them] Castle Sunshine! [they rejoice at the sight, but a hissing sound follows] Hurry! Get inside! [they run towards the castle]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,The evil imaginary characters are approaching! Lock down the gates! Prepare to fire the cannons! [more survivors walk in]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,Wait! Waaait! [the trio reach the castle gate and Perseus stops them with his sword]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,What imaginary character are you?!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lollipop King,The Lollipop King? From the Lollipop Forest?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Snarf,"And I'm Snarf. Snarf, snarf snarf snarf."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,[to Butters] And what imaginary character are you?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,"Oh, uhh, uh I'm not imaginary. Ah I'm Butters."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,"What's a ""Butters""?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Snarf,The Mayor brought him and some other kids into Imaginationland just before the terrorist attack.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,So YOU came from the real world at precisely the same time as the terrorists! That seems like quite a coincidence!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,"I, well I was just playin' with my friends, and then, wu-we caught a leprechaun, and then this guy-"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,You caught the Leprechaun? Take him!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Snarf,Perseus! He's not against us snarf snarf!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,The portal at the Pentagon. The portal has begun to act violently. Lightning shoots out from the portal and it changes color frequently. Everyone backs away.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,Talk to me! What's going on?! [the guard comes in with Kyle and Cartman]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lead tech,"Something is... coming through the gate from the other side. [a few moments later, ManBearPig walks through]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Operator,What is it?!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Tech 4,Its like a... half man half bear!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lead tech,And half pig! [ManBearPig grabs a tech and slams him against the portal's supporting wall]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Tech 5,"Oh! No, no wait! It's like a half bear half manpig! [ManBearPig rips the tech's head off and tosses it towards General Deckter. Everyone scatters]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,Look out! [ManBearPig jumps over and grabs the tech at both ends]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lead tech,"No! I think it's more like a half man, and half pigbear! [ManBearPig rips him in two at the waist]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,Reverse the doorway! Send it back through!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"AAAHHH! [runs away, but ManBearPig scoops him up]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Stan,"KYLE!! [a fading tech pushes the red button at his station as he drops to the floor. Lightning flashes into the room as a tractor beam pulls Stan into the portal. ManBearPig resists the pull, but crushes Kyle in its left hand for several seconds]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Kyle,"AAAAAAAAAAAA- [ManBearPig lets go of Kyle as the tractor beam fiinally pulls it in. Kyle lays on the floor, blue in the face]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,"Castle Sunshine, inside. Perseus leads Butters, Snarf, and the Lollipop King down the main hall as two Tron soldiers escort them."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,Please! I didn't help the terrorists get into Imaginationland! Honest!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,That is for the Council of Nine to decide!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Lollipop King,"Don't worry, kid, the Council of Nine consists of some of the most highly-regarded imaginary characters in all Imaginationland"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,"The meeting room. At a triangular table sit nine imaginary characters. On the left side of the table are Gandalf the Grey, Glinda the Good Witch, and Morpheus. On the right side are Zeus, Luke Skywalker, and Popeye the Sailor. Sitting on the third side with their backs to us are Jesus and Wonder Woman. At the opposing vertex sits Aslan the Lion"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Aslan,"Fellow Council, these are indeed dark times. The evil forces amass at our gates as we speak. Zeus believes we should evacuate."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Zeus,Yes. Their power outmatches ours. If they are giving us a chance to leave we must take it!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Aslan,"And what say you, Morpheus?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Morpheus,How our we to know that they will let us go? Their offer could be a trap.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Glinda,Perhaps we must flee to the Temple of Alderon. Surely they wouldn't chase us there.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Jesus,"[rises] No, we can't. Come on, you guys, this is our home. We have to fight, to keep it the way it was meant to be."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Luke Skywalker,I'm with Jesus. The evil characters aren't going to just let us go.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Popeye,"[Says something, but it's unintelligible]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Jesus,"That may be, Popeye, but we don't have a choice! [the doors open and the Council looks to see who's entering]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Perseus,"Forgive my intrusion, Council of Nine, but this boy has infiltrated from the real world."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Aslan,Bring him here!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,The portal at the Pentagon. Paramedics have arrived to check on Kyle. One of them tries to resuscitate him with a defibrillator.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Paramedic,"Clear! [sends power through the paddles. Kyle rises, then falls softly. No sign of life yet. The paramedic removes the paddles and announces] I'm sorry. He's gone."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,No! Kyle can't die. [gets on his knees and checks various parts of his body for a pulse]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Paramedic,"I'm sorry, young man."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,Kyle?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Paramedic,Well... at least now he doesn't have to suck anyone's balls.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"[enraged] NNNOOO! [begins giving Kyle CPR] No, he has a strong heart! He wants to live! Come on, Kyle! Come on, buddy!"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,"He's gone, little boy."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,[to the paramedic] Zap him again! [opens Kyle's coat and shirt for better contact] Do it!
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Paramedic,Charging.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,DO IT! [the paramedic places the paddles back on Kyle's body] Come on buddy.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Paramedic,Clear.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"Come on buddy. [the paramedic fires away. Kyle rises, then falls softly. No sign of life yet.] Get out of here! [goes back to giving Kyle CPR. A woman covers her eyes in despair] Godammit Kyle, you never walked away from anything in your life! Now fight! [smacks Kyle around] Fight! Fight! Right now! [begins to break down] Fu-hight! Fu-hu-hight! [pounds Kyle's chest hard] Fight! [Kyle coughs, then comes to. Cartman begins to weep happily.] Give him some air. [an oxygen mask appears and Cartman places it over Kyle's nose and mouth.] There, easy. Breathe easy. [weeps softly some more]"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,The meeting room at Castle Sunshine. Butters now stands on a platform in the middle of the table
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Aslan,I believe this child was brought into Imaginationland for a reason. Perhaps the Mayor knew something we don't.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Zeus,"What are you saying, Aslan? That if we are to take back control, we might-?"
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Morpheus,"Yes. If we are to take back control from the evil forces, this little boy might be the key."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,"Awww, I'm the key? Could I not be the key, Morpheus? I don't wanna be the key."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Luke Skywalker,"If you ever wanna see your home again, little boy, you'll have to rise to this challenge."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Butters,"But I, but I'm supposed to be at school right now, uh, and instead I got, I got Snarf and Popeye and Luke Skywalker all pissed off..."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Aslan,"It is a dark time for all of us, young boy. But know that if you believe in yourself, everything will turn out all right."
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,The portal at the Pentagon. A large missile is being wheeled into place.
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Tom,Sir? Are you sure about this?
"Imaginationland, Episode II",General Deckter,We have no choice. Terrorists have attacked us where we are most vulnerable. There's no other option. [the missile is in place] We have to nuke our imagination. [the missile is lifted and tilted]
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Scene Description,A hospital room. Kyle is resting. A few gifts lie near him. Cartman rises from under the bed with his crown and robe on and contract in hand
"Imaginationland, Episode II",Cartman,"Wake up, Kyle. [Kyle wakes up to a smiling Cartman]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Imaginationland. Recaps from the other two episodes follow. First scene: Arrival at Imaginationland
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"[voice only] Imaginationland... used to be a happy place. But then the terrorists attacked. [a shot of a terrorist blowing himself up, killing many imaginary creatures] And so many of us were killed. [a shot of Santa on fire, then a shot of the Barrier falling apart] The Barrier came down, and all the most evil imaginary characters were unleashed. [the evil characters pour through the Barrier. Next shot is Strawberry Shortcake being kicked by the Headless Horseman, then by Frankenstein's Monster. Aslan now appears] Now our final battle will take place. The evil characters are marching toward us with the intent to wipe us all out. [various shots of evil characters on the march]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Beavery Beaver,"This is gonna be fun, huh? [the other Woodland Critters whoop and holler]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"We prepare for a battle we cannot win. [a shot of Popeye honing swords, then a shot of Luke Skywalker handing swards to imaginary creatures. Totoro gets one, then a robot] Sweet and cuddly imaginary characters, many who have never held a weapon, [Donatello puts a helmet on Snarf's head. Wonder Woman hands a sword to a doll character] must now fight for their very lives. We are too few in number, [Mario takes a full-sized sword and walks away with it without a problem. Superman walks off with a battle axe. A smurf tries to take a sword, but has trouble moving it once it's on the floor. Another character takes a spear] but we have one hope. That is where you come in, young boy. [walks over to Butters as other members of the Council look on] Only you can help us win this battle."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Wuh, what can I do?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,You have a power here that you have yet to understand.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,EPISODE III
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Static appears on screen, then clears up to a security camera clip of ManBearPig attacking Pentagon officials after entering the real world through the portal. After ManBearPig rips the lead tech in two, the tape is halted"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Al Gore,"[voice only] Back it up! [the footage is rewound to the part where ManBearPig attacks the tech in blue dress shirt, then stopped.] Look! [points to ManBearPig] Right there! [the tape plays normally] See that?! [the tape stops again where the lead tech is ripped in two] What does that look like to you?! It's ManBearPig! [now onscreen wearing his Nobel Prize medallion] I told you it was real! [three officials watch him from a table in his office] Look again! [fast forwards, then stops when ManBearPig picks up Kyle] There! half man, half bear, and half pig! Do you see it?!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Official 1,"Yes, we see it, Mr. Gore."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Al Gore,"Something big is going on, and the American people need to know what! I'm off! [makes like he's flying away like Superman]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Washington D.C. Memorial Hospital, day. Kyle is resting in a room, and his doctor is in the hallway talking to another doctor."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Doctor,"He's recovering, but there's been some trauma to his brain. The boy says he's been hearing imaginary voices."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Kyle's room. A closeup of him in bed
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,[in Kyle's head] Hello? [Kyle's eyes open and blink] Hello? Anybody? [Kyle's eyes dart around]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Stan? [sits up and looks around]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,Hello?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Stan?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"[comes in smiling with a covered platter on a food cart] Good morning, Kyle. How are we feeling?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Cartman, what's happened?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"What's happened? Well, let's see: You bet me that I couldn't prove that leprechauns were real. And if I could prove it, you had to suck my balls, I believe."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"No, I mean what happened at the Pentagon?!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"[smiles] You just rest, Kyle. [takes the lid off the platter] Look what I made for you. A sundae. It has hot fudge and whipped cream and a cherry- [suddenly pondering] but... I feel like something is missing; don't you, Kyle? [taps his chin] What else belongs on a sundae besides hot fudge and whipped cream, [real softly] let's see"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Arh!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Hot fudge, whipped cream, what else belongs on a sundae, Kyle? [turns towards the sundae] What else goes on a sundae besides hot fudge,whipped cream, and ...oh, that's right! [faces Kyle with a determined face] My balls!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Cartman, what is going on out there?! What happened to Stan?!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Oh, he got sucked through that portal thing and they're gonna nuke it now. [takes off his cap and begins to pull out yet another costume] So are you all set for your big photo shoot, Kyle?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Wwait, what do you mean? Stan's in danger?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"[now in papal robes] Don't try to change the subject, Kyle. [puts on the papal tiara and pulls the camera and its tripod into place] You've done a really good job of getting out of this bet, but it's finally time to settle. Get ready for your sundae, Kyle. With extra nuts. [closes his eyes and smiles]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Castle Sunshine. Aslan stands guard on a bridge overlooking the fields outside the castle.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,"[arriving with Perseus and the Lollipop King] Aslan, the evil characters are almost here!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"Get everyone to the battlefield! Defend the castle walls! Quickly young boy, we need your powers now!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,What powers? Ah I don't understand.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Gandalf,You are real. You are a creator. That means you can imagine things into existence here.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,I c-I can?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,Santa Claus was killed in the terrorist attack. The first thing we need is for you to bring him back.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,How?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Glinda,You just have to focus your mind. Imagine Santa and nothing else.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,How am I supposed to focus with all this crap goin' on?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,Think only of one thing. Imagine it. Believe in it.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Gandalf,"Whatever is most prominent in your mind will come to be. [Butters closes his eyes to focus, and soon something appears before him. He opens his eyes and sees his father]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,"[arms akimbo] Butters! [Butters cowers in fear] You are grounded, mister! You hear me?! [suddenly with a deformed leg, elfin ears, horns, and claws instead of fingers, and a deep voice] GROUNDED!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"[runs around in circles and then shakes his head is disbelief] AAAAAAAAA! No, nonono, no no no! [Steven vanishes]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,[in Butters' face] What are you doing?! We need Santa!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,I'm trying!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Wonder Woman,"[arrives and kneels down next to him] Come on, kid, imagine Santa! Believe in Santa!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Zeus,You must believe in Santa!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,BELIEVE IN SANTA! RIGHT NOW!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,GAA HAA!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Kyle's hospital room. Cartman has called in some workers to install a photo studio, consisting of a blue background with clouds, and a small platform with a throne on it. On the right arm rest sits the sundae. Two spotlights and light reflectors round out the setup. Cartman tests a remote control for the camera, and it works."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Kevin, can I get some more bounce off that too, 'kay? Let's just go with a 5 6 8 split"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Cartman, will you shut up? I'm trying to find out what's going on."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Channel 5 Breaking News.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Anchorman,"A new terrorist attack seems to have taken place. This time, in our imagination. [the footage of ManBearPig's killer rampage is shown, with the dialog cut out] Al Gore brought this video to the public's attention, sparking demands by everyone who wants to know exactly what's going on."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Pentagon Press Conference.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,"We were hoping to keep this quiet until it was all over, but, two days ago there was a terrorist attack on our imagination, and now our imaginations are running wild."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Reporter 1,Our imaginations are running wild and we weren't told?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,By attacking our imagination the terrorists have found our most vulnerable spot. And we've determined that the best course of action is to nuke our imagination.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Reporter 2,Is nuking our imagination really prudent?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Reporter 3,"Aren't there other, more peaceful ways to get our imagination under control?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Reporter 4,Couldn't we trying sending Kurt Russell into a portal to our imagination to try and reason with the-
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,We tried that! And Kurt Russell was raped by Christmas Critters!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Reporter 5,...A-ooch
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Channel 5 Breaking News.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Anchorman,"The Pentagon claims that because imaginary things are not real, the military doesn't need Senate approval to nuke them."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,A protest in Washington D.C..
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Hippie 1,"That's bullcrap, man! You can't nuke our imagination!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Hippie 2,Don't nuke our imagination bro! WOOO!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Channel 5 Breaking News, commentary."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Anchorman,"Mike, does the military have the authority to nuke our imagination?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Mike,"Uh clearly they don't, Steven, and they're gonna have a big problem because state government has already set a precedent that imaginary characters are real. I cite a famous case of Cartman v. Broflovski in which a U.S. court found for the plaintiff who saw a leprechaun."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Anchorman,"Yes, I believe the defendant had to suck the plaintiff's balls in that case."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Mike,"That's right, Steven, yeah."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,Kyle's hospital room. Kyle keeps watching. Cartman continues his preparations
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Oh for the love of God!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,Hello? Can anybody hear me?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Stan! Dude, is that you?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"Kyle? Where are you? I, I don't see you."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"No, I'm not there. I'm at a hospital. I I'm hearing you in my imagination."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,...Oh that makes sense.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Dude, what's happening?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,[walking down the rainbow road] I'm in like a gumdrop forest. I just saw Strawberry Shortcake tied up and dead with pee in her eye. [some moaning horns are heard] Ha-hang on. I think something really big is about to go down.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"The battlefield. The two sides appear, approaching each other. A man in only striped pants and shoes plays a horn"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lollipop King,"The evil characters are here. [Jesus and Robin Hood join him, Jesus ready to fight with his sword]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,"There are so many of them. HAAAAA! [lifts his sword to strike position as the other good characters crowd in. The two sides start fighting, and Waldo is impaled by both sides]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Jesus takes on Pinhead and decapitates him. As the battle rages, the six remaining Council members watch along with Butters"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,There's no time left! You have to get control of your imagination and bring Santa back NOW!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,Santa. Saaanta.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,"Think. Jolly old Santa. Red suit, white beard."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Red suit, white beard... Ssssanta! [Poof! Santa appears, but he's horribly deformed. The toys in his toy sack are deformed as well. Butters screams and turns away]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Kyle's hospital room. Cartman is now on the throne, and Kevin is behind the camera"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,How does that look? Can you see my balls and the sundae in frame?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Anchorman,[everyone turns to watch the TV] A shocking new development in the nuking of imagination!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"The Supreme Court, outside."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Chief Justice,"The Supreme Court has ruled with the military that imaginary things are officially not real, and therefore no approval is needed to nuke them."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,Thank you.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Oh no.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Chief Justice,"This of course overturns any imagination-based verdicts in the past, including the famous Cartman v. Broflovski ballsucking case."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,...What?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,"So it appears the military is ready to proceed with its operation, one they are calling ""Operation Nuke the Imagination Through the Imagination Doorway."""
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,Kyle? What's happening?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,The government is gonna nuke Imaginationland.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,What?! You can't let them do that!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,What am I supposed to do?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"Dude you have to stall them! [Kyle doesn't look too sure] Uh- ...uh oh, what is that? Hey! G-get out of here! Leave me alone!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Stan? Stan?? [gets out of bed and puts on his clothes]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,Where are you going?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,I'm going to try to save Stan and Butters from getting nuked!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Okay okay, but you you have to suck my balls first real quick."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"No, I don't! The decision was overturned. [walks out of the room]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,[follows him out and watches him walk away] We had a DEAL KYLE!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"[walking towards the entrance] Yeah, that leprechauns were real! And the government just declared they AREN'T technically real, so I was right! It's over! I don't have to suck your balls!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"IT ISN'T OVER!! [Kyle turns to face him] It isn't over, Kyle! I have NOT waited this long to see you weasel your way out of this bet! Go ahead and go. But I swear on my life! Before this day is over! You, will, suck my balls! I SWEAR IT!!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Castle Sunshine. The battle rages on. Popeye punches Akuma away, then punches Khan away. Darth Maul whips out his double-ended light saber, but Popeye disarms him and punches him away. Morpehus lands a kick on Freddy Krueger."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Morpheus,"[calling out to the Council members on the bridge] I need more spinach for Popeye! [Freddy gets up and swipes at him, sending him into the air and onto his back. A Tron soldier dispatches Jason Voorhees with a swing of his spear]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tron Soldier,I-ee got one. I got him. [the Woodland Critters approach]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Beary Bear,Hey there. [the soldier turns around and Bear Bear blows his head apart with two laser beam blasts from his eyes. The Woodland Critters cheer him on. ]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Icarus,"[flying in from the battlefield, lands on the bridge] We're losing the battle! There are simply too many of them!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,Then the day is lost.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Wonder Woman,"Wait! Aslan, look! [Aslan looks over. Butters is thinking hard again, and Santa returns, as normal as he ever was. The Council members draw closer to Butters]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Santa,What? What happened?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,"You did it, kid!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,Quickly Santa! They need you on the battlefield!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Santa,"Huh? [discerns the situation] Oh, all right. [grabs a golden axe and leaps over the wall] Make way for Santa! [lands on the field below, then swings the axe at the Minotaur, who falls down. The axe stays buried in the ribs]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"Now you see your potential, young creator. But there is still much more we need from you if we are to win this day!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"The Pentagon, day. Kyle arrives at a parking gate. Two armed guards are there, and three more guards are in the background in front of an entrance."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Guard 2,"[sees Kyle and aims his gun at him] This area is restricted, little boy."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Please, I need to talk to the people inside. They can't set off that nuke."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Guard 2,"Get behind the line with the other protesters! [Kyle looks, and it's the same group he saw on television moments before]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Hippie 3,"No nukes in our imagination, bro! Wooo! [the other hippies cheer him on]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Uhn, you don't understand! My friend is in Imaginationland! I can hear him in my head!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Guard 2,"You pot-smokin' hippies aren't gettin' through here, so back off!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Hippie 4,Stop that nuke!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Hippies,Stop that nuke!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Hippies and Kyle,"Stop that nuke! [Al Gore appears out of nowhere, making like he's Superman about to land]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Al Gore,"What's going on here? [no one says a word, and he ""flies"" around a bit more] The military has to do this! It's their only way to kill ManBearPig. [""flies"" off]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Castle Sunshine. The battle continues. A pegasus fights a witch while a flying monkey does battle with the flying giraffe. On the bridge, Butters keeps imagining new characters into existence. A yellow furry archer appears and shoots an arrow right off the bat, then fires a second one"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"Good, Butters. Now imagine some more archers on the castle walls!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,Huwhoa! [Perseus appears on the bridge with a bad wound on his left arm]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Perseus,Aslan! We're losing the battle!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Robin Hood,"[with a bleeding wound on his right arm] We managed to fight off the vampires and werewolves, but... now our troops are being shot down by the Cavity Creeps."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,Cavity Creeps?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cavity Creeps,[cutting through the field with their cavity drills] We make holes in teeth! We make holes in teeth!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Wonder Woman,What can destroy the Cavity Creeps?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Perseus,Only Crest Gel with Tartar Control.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"[to Butters] Quickly! You must imagine a giant Crest Gel! [Butters thinks, and poof! There's a giant Crest Gel tube of toothpaste with arms and legs. Robin Hood and Perseus escort it to the battlefield]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Robin Hood,Yes!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Gandalf,His powers are getting stronger. We might just have a chance here.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Archangel,"Aslan, we've captured a spy! He was sneaking around the Gumdrop Forest! [down from above comes the archangel with Stan]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Stan! [points him out to Aslan and walks to him] Hey look, I imagined Stan here!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"No, no! I got sucked through Operation Imagination Doorway at the Pentagon."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,Project Imagination Doorway? [no one else has a clue either]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Gandalf,Never mind! The battle is almost won! We can deal with him later.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"[stands next to Butters] No, no, you don't understand. There's a nuke. The government is about to level this entire place."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,What?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,Wull why would they nuke Imaginationland?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,So the terrorists can't ever use it against us again.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,We can get Imaginationland under control; the Chosen One just needs more time!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,The Chosen One?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Yeah, it turns out I'm the Key."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,The portal at the Pentagon. The nuclear warhead is ready to be shot in.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Computer,[a female voice] Missile launch sequence initiated.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,"All right, people, I want this nuking done by the books."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 1,"Sir, we have a security breach!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,What?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 3,"There's an Unauthorized Entry Alert, sir-it's coming from Sector Two!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,"Sector 2? [The large window opposite the portal had been patched up, but cracks remain. Cartman crashes through the large window again, reversing the patches, and again lands on his back.]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,[gets up] What the hell do you think you're doing declaring leprechauns aren't real?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,What?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,You just can't declare that imaginary things aren't real! Who are you to say what's real?! Think about it: is blue real? Is love really real?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lab Tech,"Imaginary things are things made up by people, like Santa and Rudolph."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tom,"Yeah, and they detract from real things, like Jesus."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 1,Maybe Jesus is imaginary too.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tom,"Ooooh, you'd better not say that! You'll go to hell!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 7,It's possible that hell is also imaginary.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 2,"Uh so then, we're about to nuke hell... that's a good thing, right?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Personnel,"[not all at once] Hell yeah, that's a good thing, yeah."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lab Tech,What if heaven is imaginary? We'd be nuking heaven.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 3,"Yeah, but it wouldn't be real."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lab Tech 2,So it'd be all right.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Look, maybe they're all part of the same thing. Santa and Jesus and hell and- leprechauns. Maybe they're all real in the same wway, right?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tom,"Santa Claus and leprechauns are imaginary, but Jesus and hell are real!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 3,"Well then, what about Buddha?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tom,Well of course he's imaginary!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lab Tech 3,"Awww, see? Now you're being intolerant, Tom."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 7,Am I real?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,"All right, enough! Keep that kid out of the way and let's get back to the nuking at hand!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"[two guards haul him away] No! Leprechauns are real, Goddammit!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"The Mall, on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, day. Kyle sits on some steps moping."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"[in Kyle's imagination] Kyle? Kyle, what happened?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Nothing.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,What??
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,[stands up and moves around] Nothing happened! There's nothing I can do! [a man walking by looks at him for a few seconds]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"Dude, you can't let the government fire off that nuke!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,They say they can do whatever they want because imaginary things aren't real!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,Well you have to convince them they are real!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"No way, dude, then I'd have to suck Cartman's balls"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"Whatever it takes, you have to do it, all right?! [Kyle sighs] Hang- hang on, Kyle, Jesus wants to talk to you."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Huh? [POV changes. The White House is seen in the distance]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,"Hello, Kyle? This is Jesus."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Oh boy...
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,"What seems to be the problem, my child?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Jesus, I can't do anything. [a man walking down the steps stops to look, then continues walking.] I'm just a fourth grader going against the entire government. [Jesus falls silent] Uh, hello? Jesus?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,"No eh, hey Kyle, this is Luke Skywalker."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,[dejected] Aah.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,"Look, I know this seems like an impossible task, but do you remember when I brought down the Death Star. I m, I mean, that seemed impossible too, right?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Yeah, I guess."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,"Uh okay, now, now hold on, because Superman is here and he wants to say something. [Kyle rolls his eyes around]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Superman,"Kyle, this is Superman."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Hi Superman.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Superman,"I know that saving people can be a big responsibility, but no matter what it takes, it's worth it."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,[subdued] I know.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Superman,"You can do this, Kyle. How hang on, because Hercules wants to talk to you."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,Oh God...
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Superman,"Yes, God is here too. He's gonna talk to you right after Captain Crunch."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Castle Sunshine. The battle rages on. Jesus fights a Xenomorph, but to no effect"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,"Popeye, I need some help here! [a donkey wearing a sombrero walks by shooting at the Pac-Man monsters]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lollipop King,"[being choked by an Imperial Stormtrooper] Popeye is being killed by Christmas Critters. [sure enough, the Critters hump on Popeye as Foxy Fox pisses on his face]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Popeye,"Gaw guguh, getskug off of me!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Beary Bear,"[sees something and leaves the other Critters] Hey, what is that?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"the battle ceases as Butters floats through inside a bubble, then resumes after he's gone"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,More spinach for Popeye! [ten cans of spinach appear before Popeye in a pyramid] Imagine an M60 for Jesus!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,[his sword turns into an M60 and the Xenomorph cowers] All right!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,[on the bridge] The boy is doing it! Everything is going to be okay!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,The portal at the Pentagon. Just a little longer...
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Computer,Missile launch in one minute.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Goddamnit, you stupid assholes are going to ruin everything!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,Prepare for launch...
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 1,"Sir, we have a security breach!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,What?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 3,"There's an Unauthorized Entry Alert, sir-it's coming from Sector Two!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,Sector 2? [Kyle crashes through the part of the large window that was left intact and lands on his back. Cartman turns around]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,Kyle?
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,The hell are you doing back here?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Listen, you don't have to do this! Our imaginations aren't running wild anymore."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,Why is it so easy for children to break into the Pentagon?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,You have to stop!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,"If I'm not mistaken, you're the one who bet that leprechauns weren't real. So why do you care what happens?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Because I- [catches himself] I... Um... because I think... they are real. It's all real. Think about it. Haven't Luke Skywalker and Santa Claus affected your lives more than most real people in this room? I mean, whether Jesus is real or not, he... he's had a bigger impact on the world than any of us have. And the same could be said of Bugs Bunny and, a-and Superman and Harry Potter. They've changed my life, changed the way I act on the Earth. Doesn't that make them kind of ""real."" They might be imaginary, but, but they're more important than most of us here. And they're all gonna be around long after we're dead. So in a way, those things are more realer than any of us. [Cartman begins a slow clap, then speeds it up. The techs in the room join in and soon everyone is applauding Kyle's speech]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,Abort the sequence. [a tech flips the switch and the power to the missile is cut. The missile lowers to a resting state]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"So Kyle, imaginary things are real, huh? Guess that means I did win the bet after all. And you know what that means, Kyle. [gloats]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Just let it go with your fucking balls, you fucking asshole!! Your friends have been in danger and all you care about it this stupid bet! Well I've decided, Cartman, even if we had a bet, that I am never sucking your balls, [forces Cartman to face him] you got that?! They can throw me in jail for the rest of my life, but I am [jab] never going to suck your balls, [jab] never!! So [jab] there!!!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Al Gore,[walking through the sliding doors] What happened?! Why hasn't the missile gone off?!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,"There's been an abort, Mr. Gore."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Al Gore,[moves towards the switch] No! ManBearPig has to die! [presses buttons randomly]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Tech 3,"Oh Jesus no! [the portal activates and begins sucking everyone and everything into Imaginationland, including Cartman and Kyle... and the missile]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Imaginationland, the battlefield outside Castle Sunshine."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lollipop King,"That's it, Aslan! The evil characters have fled!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Aslan,"The day is ours! [screams are heard and bodies fall from the sky. Aslan and the others look up. Many of them land on the battlefield. Kyle lands on the bridge, face down]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,[approaches] Kyle!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,[approaches Cartman on the battlefield] Fellas! Where'd you come from? [a whistling sound is heard and everyone looks up]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Zeus,"What is that? [the missile comes down from the sky and blows up on the battlefield, killing everyone. The screen fills up with white ash. Moments later, Butters digs himself out of the ash and dusts himself off. He looks around and walks off to his left.]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Huh... [with nothing but white around, he concentrates real hard and soon Imaginationland returns. The Barrier repairs itself, and all the imaginary characters reappear]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Jesus,He did it!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Fanciful Mayor,"[poof] Oh look, I'm back!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Luke Skywalker,"Nice going, kid. [the other good imaginary characters congratulate him]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Fanciful Mayor,The evil characters! They're all behind the wall again.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,"Dude! How did you do that, Butters?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,Well I just... used my imagination.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",All,Awwww [everyone has a good laugh]
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"You know, I really have learned a lot, you guys. What Kyle said about imaginary things being real and, Butters using his imagination? It makes me think that... well maybe we all have the power to make things a reality. [he begins to think hard, and an imaginary version of himself appears, wearing the crown and robe from before.] Why look, it's me. And... [thinks again, and an imaginary Kyle appears] And there's Kyle. And, what's Kyle about to do? [the imaginary Kyle drops out of view]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,"Cartman, don't!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"O-hoo Kyle! What are you doing to my balls? OHO, look! It's Kyle sucking my balls! [the imaginary Cartman is a little shocked]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Stan,Dude.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Lollipop King,Oh my God.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"O-hoo Kyle, you are gobbling those balls, aren't you? I told you you would suck my balls before this was over, didn't I, Kyle?"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,I'm not sucking your balls; that's imaginary!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"No- Kyle, I believe you said that imaginary things are real."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",General Deckter,That's true. You did.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Cartman,"Oh, look at you go, Kyle! Oho, you dirty girl! You LOVE those balls. [everyone but Kyle laughs]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Santa,"Okay, Kyle, that's enough ballsucking. We need to get you boys home."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Kyle,I am not sucking Cartman's balls!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Fanciful Mayor,"Whatever you imagine to be real, is real. [everyone cheers that remark]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Scene Description,"Butters' room, morning. He's asleep."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,Butters? [Butters opens his eyes] Butters!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,[sits up] A-huh? What? Oh! It was all just a dream.
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,"Come on, Butters, time to get up. [walks in with newspaper in hand]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Oh Dad! I had the craziest dream! I, I saved all of Imaginationland from running wild after a terrorist attack!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,"You WERE in Imaginationland, Butters! We've read all about it in the paper! The question is, what were you doing in Imaginationland when you were supposed to be helping your mother clean up the basement?!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Linda,"You are grounded, mister!"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"[dejected] Ohhh. [becomes determined] Wait, I'm not grounded."
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,Oh yes you are!
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"Oh yeah? [focuses real hard, then opens his eyes]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Steven,"That only works in Imaginationland! You're grounded! [backs out of the room. He and Linda leave, closing the door behind them]"
"Imaginationland, Episode III",Butters,"[thinks a bit, then lies down again] Ahhh, shit."
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. In the living room, Stan and Kyle stand before the TV with guitar controllers in their hands. Nine boys from class watch them from the sofa and the floor. A game starts up. Stan and Kyle immediately begin to play and the other boys begin to cheer them on. The song playing is ""Wayward Son"""
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"Stan, you guys are good! [Stan and Kyle more their right arms around during a power chord, then quickly return to playing. The score is 15,594 points and climbs quickly. Randy watches from the kitchen doorway]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,The kitchen. Sharon is washing dishes. Randy turns and walks towards her.
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,"[sounding tired] Sharon, what are the boys doing?"
Guitar Queer-O,Sharon,"Oh, Stan and Kyle bought a new video game together."
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,They can play guitar now?
Guitar Queer-O,Sharon,"No, no, they're just little plastic controllers. You hit the colored buttons and it makes the guitar track on the game play."
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,Ohhh.
Guitar Queer-O,Sharon,"If they spent half the time learning a real instrument as they do playing that game, who knows what they could accomplish."
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,Hey yeah...
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,The living room. The round ends and the boys cheer.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Dude, listen to that video crowd! They love us! [a shot of the cheering CG crowd on the TV]"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,"[walks up to Stan] So you boys like this music, huh?"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Yeah, dude. Its Guitar Hero."
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,Stan and Kyle are really good at it.
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,"<ï>Well you kids wanna see something really cool? [the boys pay attention] Check this out. [walks away and picks up an electric guitar, and plugs in the amplifier. He puts his right foot on top of the amplifier and begins to play ""Wayward Son"" a half-step up.] Once, I rose above the noise and confusion Just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion. I was soaring ever higher But I flew too high. Though my eyes could see I- </ï>"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"[irritated, interrupting] Dad? Dad! What are you doing?!"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,[brightly] I can actually play a lot of these songs on a real guitar. You want me to teach you boys how?
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"Uhh, that's gay, Mr. Marsh."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Yeah, that's stupid, Dad."
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,But... But this is real.
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,Real guitars are for old people.
Guitar Queer-O,Craig,"Do you mind, sir? We wanna watch Stan and Kyle play. [Randy stands there a few seconds, disappointed that the boys aren't interested. He takes off the guitar, leans it against the amplifier, and walks away.]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"[turns back to the TV] Alright, let's try to score 60,000 points this time. [the game starts up with a new song, and the boys behind them begin to cheer again]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. Once everyone's asleep, Randy sneaks downstairs towards the couch. He looks around to make sure no one else is awake and waiting for him. He reaches the couch and picks up a controller, playing it a bit to start the game."
Guitar Queer-O,M.C.,"Are you ready to rock? [""Wayward Son"" begins to play from the top, and Randy begins to move, slowly raising his right hand into a victory sign, then swinging his arm all the way around a few times]"
Guitar Queer-O,Kansas,"<ï> ""Carry on my wayward son There'll be peace when you are done Lay your weary head to rest Don't you cry no more"" [the first guitar solo follows and Randy is playing terribly. The video crowd begins to boo him.]</ï>"
Guitar Queer-O,M.C.,"Game over! You suck! [the words are displayed onscreen. Randy takes off the controller, sets it on the ground, and walks back to bed, leaving the TV on with the video crowd still booing him.]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, next day. The boys are back at Stan's house watching another round of Guitar Hero. ""Wayward Son"" gives way to another song."
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,They're gonna do it!
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"[so relaxed his fat blocks his chin from view] Come on, guys, a hundred thousand points!"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Cartman, shut up. We're concentrating. [the points pile up and they near 100,000. After a final flourish, their readouts combine into one, showing 100,000 points. The boys congratulate Stan and Kyle]"
Guitar Queer-O,M.C,You have broken a hundred thousand points! You. Are. Rock stars!
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Dude, we are total rock stars now!"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,[walks in with beer and slurred speech] You're not rock stars! This is just a stupid plastic controller! [the doorbell rings]
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,[takes off his controller and goes to answer the door] Hang on.
Guitar Queer-O,Man,Stan Marsh?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Yeah?
Guitar Queer-O,Man,"I'm Charles Kincade, from the Kincade Talent Agency? I just heard you broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Yeah, we did. [smiles]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,Well i'm impressed. [steps inside and gives him a business card] And I'd like to be your manager.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Wow, really?? [smiles an open smile] Dude! Dude, Kyle, this guy wants to be our manager!"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,No way!
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,For reals? [smiles]
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Scoring a hundred thousand points is amazing, but I think with the right label behind you, you guys could make a million points."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,That'd be awesome!
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"So, we're in business then? [Stan and Kyle look at each other, then grin as ""Wayward Son"" plays]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"A producer's office, day. Mr. Kincade is snapping his fngers to ""Wayward Son"" as a producer listens. Stan and Kyle watch him, then Stan looks at Kyle. Kyle grimaces."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Well, what do you think?"
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,I like it. That's these boys playing?
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[stops the tape] No, that's Kansas. But these boys scored a hundred thousand points to it on Expert Level in Co-op Mode."
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,"That's pretty Goddamned impressive. [rises and serves himself a drink] Alright, we'll sign them to a one-year deal. [Stan and Kyle smile to this news as Mr. Kincaid stands behind them]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[pumps his fist] Yes! You did it, boys."
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,"Listen, boys, I'm having a huge celebrity party at my giant mansion tonight. Why don't you come by as my honorary new artists?"
Guitar Queer-O,"Stan, Kyle",Cool! [smile openly]
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"The producer's mansion, night. Limos pull into the circular driveway in front of the mansion, drop off guests, and pull away. Inside is a large crowd of local celebrities. In the pool, two topless women splash each other with water and giggle. One blond celebrity is snorting a mountain of coke"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Wow, this is a huge party."
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,"Oh yes, all the biggest stars in Colorado are here."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Dude, dude, that's Ron Zappolo from Channel 4 News! [Ron Zappolo is shown - an elderly gent with gray hair and mustache]"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Wow! Oh, and look over there, that's that Jake Jabs guy from American Furniture Warehouse commercials. [Jabs is shown with a white tiger on his lap and two women around him]"
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,"Everyone? Everyone, this is Stan and Kyle. They just broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero. [ooo's and applause follow. Stan and Kyle grin] Please enjoy yourselves, there's lots more coke and sex in the house."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Dude! Dude, that's Jay Cutler over there! [a football player wearing #6 is shown] Quarterback for the Denver Broncos!"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,Oh my God!
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,Would you boys like to meet him?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Are you serious??
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,"Jay, I want you to meet Stan and Kyle. They broke a hundred thousand points on Guitar Hero."
Guitar Queer-O,Jay,"Wow, really? Nice to meet you guys."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Nice to meet you! [grins] I mean, you kind of suck, but my dad says you might be good someday."
Guitar Queer-O,Jay,[a bit bothered] Thanks...
Guitar Queer-O,Guest,"Alex, have you seen my wife anywhere?"
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,You boys know Tom Shane from the Shane Company Diamond Store commercials?
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,Do we? He's a legend!
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,"You remember these boys, Tom. They're gonna break a million points live at the video arcade in a few weeks."
Guitar Queer-O,Tom Shane,"That, would be impressive."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"[takes Stan aside] Dude, we've arrived. We're super, awesome, and cool."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Yeah. Life is finally going to not suck so hard for us.
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Mr. Kincade rocks out on the couch watching Stan and Kyle play Guitar Hero. The boys hit 152,626 points"
Guitar Queer-O,M.C.,You Rock!
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[clapping] All right, nice rehearsal, boys."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"D-ude, I totally miffed that middle part. Did you see that?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Yeah dude, that's almost impossible."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"That was real cool, kids. Hey, Kyle, there's a different controller in my car that might work better for you. Why don't you go with Jim and he'll help you find it. [an assistant dressed in jogging outfit joins him behind Kyle]"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Oh, okay. Cool. [takes off his controller and follows Jim out]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[sighs] You've got real potential, kid. I have no doubt you can break a million."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Really? That'd be sweet.
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[turns around and points to Stan] I think you could. But uh, as for your friend, well, to be honest, I think he's holding you back."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"What, you mean, Kyle?"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Look, you score a lot higher than him; there's no question who the better one is. I wanna put you with some other players, find a partner for you who can really help you max your score."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"But, Kyle and I always play together. We both chipped in for the game system."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[crosses his arms] Very honorable. But you know where loyalty gets you in a game like Guitar Hero? Nowheres. Just listen to that video crowd. [a shot of the video crowd cheering] I haven't heard a video crowd go that wild in a long time. You've got a chance to score a million points, and I hate to see you throw it away because you're worried about your friend's feelings."
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Café Monet, day. Mr. Kincade and Stan are outside at a table sipping coffee."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"You're gonna love this kid, Stan. He's one of the best Guitar Hero players I've ever seen. Except for you, of course. [sees someone] Ah, Thad! [a boy about Stan's age approaches the table and takes a seat. He wears a controller on his back] Stan Marsh, this is Thad Jarvis."
Guitar Queer-O,Thad,Sup? [an air of superiority is suggested by his tilting his head back]
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"That here has backed up a lot of really great Guitar Hero players. Isn't that right, Thad? [puffs on a cigar]"
Guitar Queer-O,Thad,Yup.
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,He doesn't even need a game system to play on. He can play Guitar Hero acoustically.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Yeah, but can he play Buckethead on Expert Level?"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Go ahead, Thad. Show him what you can do. [Thad stands on his chair, swings his controller around, and puts his right foot on the table.] Check this out. [All that is heard are the clicks of plastic on plastic] Pretty damn good, huh?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Yeah, that's pretty good. But can you play ""John the Fisherman""? [Thad stops and launches into that song]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Stan, with this kid backing you, you're gonna make Guitar Hero history."
Guitar Queer-O,Male Diner,"Ohoh, I love this song. [the other diners seem to understand the song the clicks are supposed to be making and begin to clap]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later. Guitar Hero starts up and the boys are gathered near the couch watching Stan and... Thad. A song comes on and Stan and Thad begin to play. The boys cheer them on as the score nears 500,000"
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,"Wow wee, look at him go!"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"[enters the house] Hey dude, how's it-? [he has his new controller, but he's dismayed at what he sees. The boys look at him and the game is shut off]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"...Kyle. ...I, I thought you were sick."
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,"[into his hands, in a low hoarse voice.] Uh ohhh."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,[walks up to Stan] Who is this?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"This is um, Thad Jarvis."
Guitar Queer-O,Thad,Sup?
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Ahem, wha? What's going on, Stan?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Kyle, I was gonna tell you later. Mr. Kincaid thinks I should play with Thad for a while."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,But it's our game. We bought it together.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"I know, and, and I wanna be fair about it, so, I'll buy you out of your part."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,Buy me out?! What are you saying?! What makes you so high and mighty you can buy me out?!
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Don't put this all on me, Kyle!"
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,Oh my God this is so awesome.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"You were the one that's been blowing off playing after midnight, not playing 'cause you were sick,-"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,I have been sick!
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Look, the point is I'm never gonna break a million points playing with you! You know that's true!"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"[stunned for a few seconds] I guess I didn't realize it was just about the points. [drops his controller next to Stan and walks out of the house, closing the door behind him]"
Guitar Queer-O,Craig,"Dude, this game rules."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Let's just do this, all right? [a new round begins and Stan and Thad resume playing]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,EV Games. Guitar Hero advertising is plastered all over the windows. Stan enters the store. He walks over to the magazine rack and begins browsing
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,Hey! You're the kid I sold the Guitar Hero game to. How are you likin' it?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"It's okay, I guess. But I need some game guides for it. My manager and producer set up this live thing at the video arcade where I'm supposed to break a million in front of everybody and I'm I'm stressing out."
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,"Yeah, Guitar Hero can be pretty stressful. But you know, maybe instead of a game guide, you should just buy another game to kind of ...ease the stress."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,[approaches the counter with a Guitar Hero game guide] Huh?
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,Have you ever heard of... [pulls out a different game from under the counter] Heroin Hero?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Hero-Heroin Hero?
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,It's a way easier game. All you do is run around a magical forest and shoot simulated heroin. You could call it the ultimate first-person shooter.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,And there's no score? No crowds?
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,[his voice gets soft and mellow as he speaks] No man. All you do is run through the pretty forest and chase a big dragon. But you don't ever catch the dragon. You just... keep chasing it.
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. He's playing Heroin Hero, which just consists of his character shooting heroin into his right arm. Each shot moves him forward a few steps, but he's no closer to the dragon."
Guitar Queer-O,The Dragon,Chase me. Come on. This way. Shoot up and then you can catch me. Come on.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"[playing quietly] Dude, this is awesome."
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Gamecraft Arcade, day. Stan and Thad are at the arcade version of Guitar Hero; Stan is showing frustration. The song they're playing to is ""I Wanna Be Sedated"". Mr. Kincaid watches them as the producer approaches"
Guitar Queer-O,Producer,How are they coming?
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"No worries, Mr. Hart. They'll be ready for the big show in a few days"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Hart,"They'd better be. I paid good money to rent this place out. [walks away. On the game screen, Stan's character is missing his notes and flailing about]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Ugh. Damint.
Guitar Queer-O,Thad,"Dude, sup. Did you practice last night?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"[frustrated] Yeah, I practiced last night! Just shut up and play! [misses some more notes] No no, you know what?! Screw this! [the music stops] I'm not playing this song! Why did you pick this stupid song?!"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Stan, it's the song we all agreed you would play."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Yeah? Well I changed my mind! We're changing the song to Cheap Trick!
Guitar Queer-O,Thad,No way. I hate that bubblegum crap.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Yeah? Well you're not the leader, are you, Thad?! We play the music I wanna play!"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Stan, why are you so grumpy-grouchy?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"We're playing what I want, and I'll select a different song!"
Guitar Queer-O,Thad,Yeah? Well how about this one? I quit. [drops his controller] I quit I quit I quit. [turns around and walks away] I quit I quit I quit. I quit. I quit I quit.
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"You know what? That's great with me, Thad, 'cause I don't need you to break a million points! I never did!"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Stan, what is the matter with you?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"I just wanna play alone, alright?! I can't concentrate with all these assholes riding me all the time! [Mr. Kincaid notices that Stan's tote bag is open and looks inside. He pulls out Heroin Hero]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,What is this?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,Man...
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,Are you playing Heroin Hero?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Just, just a little."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"No! [stands up] Nobody plays Heroin Hero just a little! You know, you never catch the dragon!"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"I know, but it mellos me out, okay?!"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"You'd better pull your act together, because now you're gonna have to break a million points and unlock superstardom solo!"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,No problem.
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"A bowling alley, day. The exterior is a bit run-down, with strips of plastic pulling away from the roof. A sign by the street has ""WE HAVE GUITAR HERO"" on it, the R falling off. ""Every Rose Has Its Thorn"" plays. Inside, some people are bowling while others sit at tables being depressed. The camera rests on Kyle playing along on his guitar controller. Two kids walk up to Kyle. The place is called Mick's Lanes"
Guitar Queer-O,Older Boy,"Hey, beat it, kid! We wanna play now!"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,I'm not done yet.
Guitar Queer-O,Younger Boy,"Hey, I know you. You're Kyle Broflovski. Didn't you used to have your own Guitar Hero game system?"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,No. You're thinking of somebody else.
Guitar Queer-O,Younger Boy,"Yeah, sure. He's the kid that scored a hundred thousand points."
Guitar Queer-O,Older Boy,How come you're playing here now?
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Look, just go ahead and play, alright? [gets off the stool and walks away] Leave me alone. [walks up to the bar and takes a seat] Can I get a Fresca, please?"
Guitar Queer-O,Mick,"You're good at that game, Kid. Too good to be playing in a dump like this."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Yeah well, I can't really afford to play anymore anyway. I'm about out of quarters."
Guitar Queer-O,Mick,"Well look, maybe I can use some extra music playing to this thing on weekend nights. You come in, work around here a little and... maybe you can play it for free."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"I appreciate what you're trying to do, Mick, but I ain't a charity case yet."
Guitar Queer-O,Mick,"Ehhh, charity case eh, I'm just trying to help out a kid who's a little... down on his luck is all."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Thanks, Mick."
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Heroin Hero, onscreen at Stan's house, day."
Guitar Queer-O,The Dragon,"Catch me. Come on, catch me. [Stan is passed out on the couch with snacks all around him. Some knocks and the doorbell are heard, but Stan doesn't move] What's wrong? Follow me. Come on. [The door opens and Mr. Kincaid comes in]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Marsh? Stan, you got- [notices Stan passed out] Oh my God! [runs over to him and shakes him hard] Get up, Stan! Wake up!"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Huh? What, uh?"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,You're going on in ten minutes! Everybody's coming to see you!
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,The dragon. Where did it go?
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"[slaps Stan twice across the face] You've gotta pull it together! [shakes him hard again, then sees a glass of water nearby and throws the water at him, them shakes him hard again] Pull it together, Goddammit!"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Gamecraft Arcade, night. The boys are there waiting for Stan to start playing. A couple stands behind them waiting as well."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,Thank you for coming to Gamecraft Arcade to watch Stan Marsh break a million points and unlock superstardom. [the boys cheer Stan on.]
Guitar Queer-O,Token,Go Stan!
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"All right, Stan, you've got it, man!"
Guitar Queer-O,Token,"Yeah, Stan!"
Guitar Queer-O,Craig,"Dude, what's the matter with him?"
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,"He's been up for three days straight playing Heroin Hero. [Stan staggers slowly] Come on, Stan! You got it!"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,"Goddamnit, he's a mess! [Stan is moving around, but he's missing all the notes]"
Guitar Queer-O,Craig,"Oh man, I can't watch this."
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,What are you doing?! The video crowd is starting to boo! [a shot of the video crowd booing]
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"Come on guys. Let's get out of here. [the boys leave, as to the couples and other spectators, leaving Stan alone with Mr. Kincade. Mr. Hart approaches Mr. Kincade.]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Hart,"The next time you bring me some talent, make sure they're talent-ed. [walks away. Stan stumbles and finally falls face first, throwing up]"
Guitar Queer-O,Mr. Kincade,You blew it! You had it all and you blew it! Listen to that video crowd! They hate you! [walks away. More shots of the video crowd booing. Stan looks at the crowd and begins seeing double]
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"EV Games, day. Brett the clerk is reading a magazine. Stan walks in, his head hanging real low, and walks to a game stand"
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,"There he is! So, did you break a million yet?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"No, I didn't break a million points and unlock superstardom, all right? I'm done with that stupid game!"
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,"Aw, come on. Once you start playing Guitar Hero, you can't stop till you reach the top."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,I just wanna find something else to play.
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,"Have you played... [whips out a new game] Rehab Hero? You get chased by a big dragon, but you keep running away from it."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"I just want a nice, simple... driving game. How about that?"
Guitar Queer-O,Brett,Sssure kid. Sure. [brings out a Cross Country Cruiser game]
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. He's now playing Cross Country Cruiser. A radio is next to him, and in it a song ends."
Guitar Queer-O,Radio Host,"All right, that was the Splendifs. And now here's a hit you all remember. It's a song that two local fourth grade boys scored a hundred thousand points to on Guitar Hero. [Stan is startled] Don't know whatever happened to those boys. I Guess... they're not playing the game anymore."
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"""Wayward Son"" begins to play and Stan gets immersed in the game. A shot of Stan and Kyle playing Guitar Hero floats by. Stan then steps on the brake, stopping his video car. He thinks hard about what to do next. After a few seconds, a look of determination shows up and he goes into reverse, looking back over his shoulder as if he were driving a real car."
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Mick's Bowling Lanes, day. The sign now says: KILE BARFFLOSKI ON GUITAR HERO. Inside, Kyle is at the Guitar Hero setup playing along to another song."
Guitar Queer-O,Skid Row,"<ï> ""Woke up to the sound of pouring rain The wind would whisper and I'd think of you And all the tears you cried, that called my name [Stan walks in and approaches Kyle. Kyle sees him and turns his back to him] And when you needed me I came through""</ï>"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Kyle, could I just talk to you for like five minutes?"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"What are you doing here? [""I paint a picture of the days gone by""]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Please, it- it won't take long."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Goddamnit. We're gonna take a short break. Be back in five. [""When love went blind and you would make me see."" Kyle walks over to the bar and serves himself some Fresca]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"I was listening to you for a while. Dude, you've gotten a lot better. [""I'd stare a lifetime into your eyes""]"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Oh, thank you! I was so eagerly awaiting your approval of my abilities! [""So that I knew you were there for me""]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Look, Kyle, the game is still set up at my house and, maybe we could go try playing it again over there."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Oh, so the gallant knight now comes to rescue me from the bowels of mediocrity! Oh, thank you, your royal lordship! [""Time after time you were there for me""]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"That isn't it at all. [""Remember yesterday - walking hand in hand""]"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"You don't get it, Stan! I can play here all I want. I even get free Frescas. I don't need you anymore! [""Love letters in the sand - I remember you""]"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"I know. I need you. [Kyle glances over his shoulder, then turns around to face Stan] I thought I was having a great time because I was getting signed by managers and, going to big sex and coke parties, but, then I realized, I was having fun because I was doing all that... [turns around and face Kyle] ...with my best friend."
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"It was pretty fun, wasn't it?"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,[awkwardly] Yeah.
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Look, I doubt we could break a million together anyway."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,I don't care. I'd just like to play with you again. For the fun of it.
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,I don't really see the fun in... [turns around with fire in his eyes] ...not trying to kick that game's ass once and for all!
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"What, you mean it?"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"I think we can do it, Stan. I've been close to a million a few times by myself."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"[pats Kyle on the shoulder] Then let's go, dude! [walks forward. Kyle follows.]"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"[stops abruptly] Oh wait. Wait, I'm supposed to play here. [turns around and face Mick] Hey, Mick, w-would you mind if I stepped out for a sec?"
Guitar Queer-O,Mick,"Go on, get out of here, kid. Who needs your wailin' and rockin' around here anyways?"
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Thanks, Mick! [turns left and walks out. Stan follows him.]"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan and Kyle walk up to Stan's house. Stan opens the door and they enter the living room"
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"All right, dude, let's do this. [Kyle's jaw drops and Stan is annoyed] What the hell? [what greets them is Randy on the couch in his underwear. Around him are a pizza slice, a bucket of chicken, a case of S'mores Schnapps, and other items. Randy is playing Heroin Hero]"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,"Ahhh, Ahhhhhhh."
Guitar Queer-O,The Dragon,"Come on, come on. You almost got me. Catch me. Come on."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Aw Goddammit! Dad, get off our Xbox!"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,"Hang on, I almost caught the dragon."
Guitar Queer-O,The Dragon,"Hehe, you almost caught me."
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"No, me and Kyle are gonna play Guitar Hero!"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,[sits up] I can get him! Wait! Where's he going now?
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"You don't ever catch the dragon, Dad! [turns off the console]"
Guitar Queer-O,Randy,NOO! NOOO I SAID! I AM YOUR FATHER! PUT IT BACK ON!
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,"Mom, will you get Dad out of here?"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park. Cartman, Kenny, Clyde, Craig, and Token are playing basketball. Craig has the ball and shoots at the basket. The shot is good."
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"Stop cheating, Craig! [pushes Craig from behind]"
Guitar Queer-O,Craig,How was that cheating!
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"'Cause you tricked me, you black asshole!"
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,Fellas! Fellas! They're gonna do it!
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,What?
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,"Stan and Kyle! They're about to break a million on Guitar Hero, and unlock superstardom! [Butters runs back. After some thought, the other boys run after him]"
Guitar Queer-O,The Boys,"Oh, let's go! Cone on, let's go!"
Guitar Queer-O,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan and Kyle are playing again. Kevin, Jimmy, and a third boy are already present. The other boys enter and jimmy makes room for them to see the action"
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,They're gonna do it! [they finally break the million]
Guitar Queer-O,Craig,They did it!
Guitar Queer-O,Jimmy,Oh my sweet J-Jesus!
Guitar Queer-O,M.C.,You have played Guitar Hero enough to reach one million points! Congratulations! You. Are. FAGS. [the video crowd cheers]
Guitar Queer-O,Stan,That's it?
Guitar Queer-O,Kyle,"Goddammit! God dammit! [walks away pissed off. Stan takes off his controller and looks at it, drops it to the floor, and follows after Kyle]"
Guitar Queer-O,Cartman,"Butters, you wanna play me next? [picks up Stan's controller and puts it on]"
Guitar Queer-O,Butters,"Heh, okay, but I get to be the one that betrays you after the sex and drug party. [picks up Kyle's controller and puts it on, and both of them get to playing.]"
The List,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria. It looks like it's been remodeled. At the table at center sit Kyle, Stan, Craig, Kenny, Cartman, Clyde, and Token."
The List,Butters,[runs towards the table breathlessly] Fellas! Fellas! It's- Oh my god! You're not gonna believe this!
The List,Stan,"Dude, Butters, calm down."
The List,Butters,"Okay. [takes a gulp of air and looks around] Okay. I was talking to Pete Wetchney, and he said that Danny Chadwick said that his sister told him that the girls in our class have a list that rates every boy's looks from cutest to ugliest."
The List,Craig,So who do they say is the cutest?
The List,Butters,I dunno.
The List,Token,Who do they say is the ugliest?
The List,Butters,"I don't know. I-it's like a girl thing. They won't let anybody see the list but them. [turns around and looks at them. The other boys look as well. Nearby, the girls chat among themselves, notice the boys, then laugh. Bebe holds up a notebook]"
The List,Cartman,[mad] They can't do that. Who are they to judge us on how we look?
The List,Stan,"Yeah. You think they rate us just for looks, or they take personality into account?"
The List,Clyde,If it's just looks then I think I'm safe.
The List,Kyle,"You guys, who cares if the girls make some stupid list? Girls make dumb lists all the time."
The List,Cartman,"[with a double cheeseburger in his left hand] Yeah, Kyle's right. Screw it; we have better things to worry about."
The List,Craig,You're just saying that because you know you're gonna be very last on the list!
The List,Cartman,"Oh please, I don't think so, Craig! Chicks think I'm way hotter than you!"
The List,Craig,You don't think they put the fat tub of lard at the bottom?
The List,Cartman,"No, because chicks know I'm not fat, I'm buff! They probably put you at the bottom of the list 'cause you have fucked-up teeth! Or Kenny 'cause he's poor."
The List,Kenny,"(They didn't put me at the bottom, did they?)"
The List,Cartman,"Kenny, face it: Girls don't wanna eat Pop Tarts for dinner every night when they get married."
The List,Butters,"You don't think they said I'm the ugliest boy in the class, do ya? Well if they did, my parents will ground me."
The List,Kyle,"You guys, do you really care what a bunch of girls have to say about how you rank in looks?! [the boys look at each other for a few seconds]"
The List,Scene Description,"The hallway, after lunch. Bebe's at her locker. Cartman leads a small group of boys to her."
The List,Cartman,"All right, Bebe, let's see the list."
The List,Bebe,[turns her head to look at him] What?
The List,Cartman,"You know what I'm talking about, bitch! The list where you rate the looks of each boy in the class!"
The List,Bebe,That's not for boys to look at! It's a secret girl list and YOU can't see it!
The List,Cartman,"Craig is on the bottom, right? Or is it Kenny 'cause you'd be eating Pop Tarts for dinner if you married him?"
The List,Bebe,"I'm not... [slams her locker door shut] telling! And anyway, I'm not the list keeper, Nelly is! And Nelly will never let you look at it, so there! [sticks her tongue out and blows a raspberry at him, then walks away]"
The List,Cartman:,"[blows a strong raspberry back and flips her off] Fuck you, Bebe! Fuck it, bitch!"
The List,Butters,"[disappointed] Well, I guess we're never gonna get that list from the girls."
The List,Cartman,"Screw that, dude! We're guys. We can out think them."
The List,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, after school. In his basement, he shares his plan with some of the other fourth grade boys."
The List,Cartman,"All right, here's what we know. That chick Nelly is the one who's in charge of holding the list, right? She apparently keeps it in a purple Pee Chee folder, and we need a plan to get it from her. [points to a chalkboard with his plan on it] This is what I call ""Operation: Cannot Possibly Fail"". [a map with routes of the plan laid out]"
The List,Butters,[happily taking notes] Neat-o!
The List,Cartman,"At 1 PM tomorrow, Nelly will have to walk from Home Ec to Social Studies. That's our best time to strike. As she makes her way through Hallway 3, Craig will be ready with a distraction device here. [upper center part of the map] When she stops and turns to Craig in the hallway, Butters will run up and kick her in the balls."
The List,Butters,[cheerfully] Okay!
The List,Cartman,"Once Butters kicks her in the balls, she'll fall to the floor, dropping the Pee Chee, and Kenny will swoop in from Corridor 3-Delta, and grab the Pee Chee. Are we good?"
The List,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Nelly walks down the hall as the 1 PM bell rings. As she walks, Craig blows through a paper bullhorn. Nelly looks over her right shoulder and Butters runs up and kicks her in the groin."
The List,Nelly,"Ow! What'dja do that for?! [Butters looks down and kicks her in the groin again] Hey, what's your problem, asshole?! [Butters is stunned that his kicks have no effect on her]"
The List,Cartman,"Bail, bail! [he and Kenny take off]"
The List,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, after school. He stands next to his revised plan, ""Operation: Cannot Possibly Fail A Second Time""."
The List,Cartman,"Okay, our mission failed, but we've learned a lot. Primarily that girls do not have balls."
The List,Butters,[shown with a black right eye and his right arm in a sling] They sure don't.
The List,Cartman,"Never mind, because we are going to Plan B, one that I call ""Operation: Cannot Possibly Fail A Second Time"". When Nelly leaves the cafeteria for recess, Kenny will jump in front of her and spit on the ground."
The List,Butters,You think maybe girls keep their balls on the inside of their tummies?
The List,Cartman,"Butters, we're done talkin' about girls' balls right now! Pay attention! [continues]"
The List,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school bell rings. Token is walking down the hall when Kenny, Cartman, Craig and Butters run past him. He and the other kids in the hall look on."
The List,Cartman,We got it! We got it! [next shot is of Stan at his locker as Craig runs by]
The List,Craig,"We got the list from the girls! [the other boys take pursuit: Stan, Token, Jimmy, Clyde, Tweek, Bill, and two others. Two sixth graders and some kindergartners watch from the far end of the hall]"
The List,Nelly,[chasing after the boys] Give that back you dirty buttholes! [the boys run into the boys' room]
The List,Cartman,"Tape it to the wall, Kenny! Jason, watch the door! [Kyle is washing his hands, but he turns to see what's going on]"
The List,Clyde,"All right, hurry! Get it up there! Let's see it!"
The List,A Boy,Hurry hurry!
The List,Craig,"Whoa, what's this thing? Where am I?"
The List,Clyde,What number am I on?
The List,A Boy,Is it set up?
The List,Stan,It's listed in order from cutest to ugliest. Clyde's number one.
The List,Clyde,Me? [smiles] I'm the cutest? [grins]
The List,Stan,"And then Token, and then me."
The List,Token,I'm number two? Wow.
The List,Butters,"[making his way to the front] Come on, let me see! Let me see! [looks at the list and begins to scan it for his own name, then finds it] Oh boy! I'm number 11! Whoopie! Number 11! [runs out of the bathroom as a few boys wonder why he's so happy about it]"
The List,Craig,"Ah! Look at that! I'm hotter than you, fatso! [he's #12 while Cartman is #15]"
The List,Cartman,What?! That's bullcrap! [Kenny moves up past Cartman and looks for his name. He finds himself at #7]
The List,Kenny,(Woohoo!) [moves off]
The List,Kyle,"Oh, so big deal, guys! Do you feel better now? Clyde's the best looking kid in the class. And then Token and Stan, and last is Francis, Cartman, and... [finds himself at #16, the last one on the list. His head drops a little] Me?"
The List,Cartman,"You're last, dude! [laughs heartily]"
The List,Kyle,No way.
The List,Cartman,Yes way! Check it out! [laughs heartily]
The List,Stan,"Cartman, lay off! You're next to last."
The List,Cartman,So? I'm hotter than Kyle. [makes his way through the crowd and out of the bathroom] I'm better looking than Kyyyle! [the other boys join him out except for Stan and Kyle] Yes! I'm hotter than Kyyyle! I'm hotter than Kyyyle!
The List,Kyle,I'm last? Last?
The List,Stan,"Dude, it's just a stupid list, remember?"
The List,Kyle,I got voted the ugliest boy in the whole class?
The List,Stan,"Who cares what dumb girls think, right? [realizes there's no consolation now and walks away. Kyle stays there looking at the list. Alone. All alone. All alone in the boys' room]"
The List,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He makes it home and runs into the kitchen. In the living room are three pairs of snow boots."
The List,Butters,"Mom, Dad! I'm not the ugliest kid in the class! Kyle Broflovski is!"
The List,Stephen,"[holding a smoking pipe with his right hand and reading the Denver Post] Well good for you, Butters."
The List,Linda,"Way to go, champ."
The List,Butters,Whoopie! [flies off to his room]
The List,Stephen,"Well, guess we don't have to ground him."
The List,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, evening. The family's at dinner, but Kyle isn't eating. He's still depressed."
The List,Sheila,"Kyle, what's the matter? You barely touched your knishes."
The List,Kyle,The... girls at school. They made a list and voted me the ugliest boy.
The List,Sheila,What? That's ridiculous. My little bubbeleh is adorable!
The List,Kyle,"Look, I know I'm not the best-looking guy in town, but I-I didn't think I was the very ugliest."
The List,Sheila,"You're not ugly, Kyle. You're my perfect little man. You look just like your father. [Gerald looks at Kyle and flashes a smile]"
The List,Kyle,Oh God! I do?
The List,Gerald,But he has his mother's nose.
The List,Kyle,[slaps both hands on his own nose] Ah!
The List,Sheila,"Kyle, you are very handsome and perfect in every way."
The List,Kyle,"Ike, Ike, you have to be honest. Am I ugly, yes or no? [Ike looks at him, then at their parents, then back at him. Kyle takes this to mean yes, and so leaves his chair] You ALL think I'm ugly. Jesus Christ, the least you could have done is told me!"
The List,Sheila,"Kyle, come back here! [a door slams shut]"
The List,Scene Description,"Kyle's bedroom, night. Kyle is in his pajamas, in his bed, under the covers. He still can't get over the list. He hears a knock at his window and looks over: it's Cartman."
The List,Cartman,"I'm better looking than you! [knocks on the window again] The girls think I'm better looking than you, Kyle! [Kyle sighs, stands on his bed, and pulls on a drawstring to close the curtains. Cartman moves with the curtain until he can no longer see inside Kyle's room] Dude, Kyle! Can you hear me? They totally think I'm hotter than you are! [knocks] Kyle! Kyle, I'm more attractive! [knocks again. The curtain is fully closed and Kyle goes back to sleep] Kyle?"
The List,Scene Description,Clyde's house. He's looking at himself in a full-length mirror in nothing but briefs.
The List,Betsy,"[checking in on Clyde] Clyde, it's time to be getting to bed. [Clyde looks at his mom, who closes the door, then turns back to the mirror]"
The List,Clyde,"[raises his right eyebrow and knits his left one, then strikes a pose] Hey, what's goin' on? [looks at himself from the side] What's goin' on? Hey. [checks out his ass and then strikes another pose] Oh yeah, hey, whassup? What's goin' on? Nice."
The List,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Kyle walks down the hall holding his notebook close. The other kids laugh as he walks by. He stops when he sees Clyde testing his moves."
The List,Clyde,"Hey, what's goin' on?"
The List,Two Girls,Hey Clyde.
The List,Clyde,Hey.
The List,Anne,Hi Clyde.
The List,Clyde,"What's goin' on? [Kyle is dismayed, but he hears Butters running up to him]"
The List,Butters,[laughing] Hey ugly! [runs off. Kyle then walks forward]
The List,Clyde,"[stops him] Hey, Kyle. Look man, it doesn't matter what people think, okay? [Kyle remains sad] You know, Abraham Lincoln was super ugly too, but look what he accomplished. [Kyle is no happier] Chin up, cowboy. [leaves to talk to a girl nearby] Hey, what's goin' on? [the girl smiles]"
The List,Girl,"Oh, not much, just hanging around-"
The List,Butters,"[returns to taunt Kyle some more] Hehehe. Hey, nice... nice ears, haha. Pizza Face! [runs off laughing]"
The List,Clyde,"Butters, that's not cool, man. [takes off after him] He can't help how he looks. [the girl walks away]"
The List,Cartman,"[walks up] Kyle, I was going to suggest that maybe you should... hang out with the other ugly kids in the school. Because if you hang out with them, you won't stand out so much. Right? [Kyle stays mum, as before] Cool. [walks away. A few seconds later, Kyle's eyes pop open]"
The List,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. Three ugly kids are shown eating slowly - two boys and a girl between them. Across from them are a fat ugly girl and another ugly boy. Kyle walks up and sits between these two."
The List,Blonde Boy,Hey.
The List,Kyle,"Hello. [the girl takes a sip of her milk, then lowers the carton]"
The List,Bushy Eyebrows Boy,"[with bushy eyebrows] Are you going to eat your pickle? [Kyle just picks it up and hands it to him. The boy takes it and starts eating it, slowly]"
The List,Scene Description,"The playground, later. As the other kids play various games, the five ugly kids and Kyle sit on the steps by an entrance. Butters runs around in his #11 shirt laughing merrily."
The List,Craig,Could somebody toss the football back? It's over there next to the ugly kids. [the ugly kids just watch quietly. Kyle is more and more depressed]
The List,Big-Eared Boy,I hate coming to this school. It makes me angry.
The List,Kyle,Yeah.
The List,Big-Eared Boy,Sometimes I just want to burn it down. Burn the whole school down to the ground!
The List,Kyle,"[leans away, then stands up] No. You know what? Screw this! We aren't ugly!"
The List,Fat Girl,We're not?
The List,Kyle,"No! Maybe we all just need a little image change, you know? Like a makeover."
The List,Bushy Eyebrows Boy,Hey yeah.
The List,Kyle,"[to the girl wearing glasses] Like you! Maybe you just need to let your hair down. And let's see how you look without those glasses. [removes them, and is met with tiny little eyes. The girl smiles after a few seconds] Let's just... put those back on. [puts them back on the girl, goes back to the steps, sits down and buries his head in his arms with a sigh. A few seconds later, Stan walks by and stops. He looks at the group helplessly. A few seconds later, he walks up to the merry-go-round, where Wendy, Lola, and Red are chatting]"
The List,Lola,"I know, that song is so awesome. [Red notices him]"
The List,Stan,"Uh, Wendy. Could I talk to you?"
The List,Wendy,"Of course, Stan. [the other two girls smile]"
The List,Stan,"Just for a minute. Over here. [takes her aside, to a tree nearby]"
The List,Lola,[to Red] You think he's gonna beg her to come back to him?
The List,Wendy,This is a nice surprise. I thought you were never speaking to me again.
The List,Stan,"Yeah well, I wanna talk to you about this list you girls made."
The List,Wendy,Which one? We make lists all the time.
The List,Stan,"The one where you rated the boys' looks in the class. Look, it really messed Kyle up, okay? How could you vote him the ugliest?"
The List,Wendy,"[walks off a bit] Well, personally, I didn't vote him the ugliest. My vote was for Eric Cartman. But enough of the other girls must have felt he was-"
