Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,"Okay, and Kyle and Stan's team, your main point? [Kyle moves to the podium while Stan remains stunned]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Our main point is that the flag shouldn't offend anyone, because killing has been around since the beginning of time. All animals kill. [an astonished Stan looks as Cartman puts his right hand on the back of Wendy's chair and points at her with his left, winks, then does a victory hand dance. A smiling Wendy remains oblivious to this showing off] And the animals that don't kill are stupid ones, like cows and turtles and stuff. So people should not be so upset about killing. [returns to his seat amid a smattering of applause]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,[stands up] Whoa whoa whooaa! You just missed the point entirely!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,Huh?
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"I'm not mad because the flag shows somebody gettin' killed, It's because it's racist!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle's Team,[minus Stan who's mouth is still hanging open as he stares at Wendy] Racist??
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Children, don't you even know what this argument is about?! That flag is racist because a black man is being hung by white people."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle's Team,[minus Stan still shocked] Ooooooohhh.
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Ooooooohhh?!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,W-we really didn't see it that way.
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,But that's a black man up there!
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Y-yeah, but… the color of someone's skin doesn't matter."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Well of course it matters when- [catches himself] …Oh my God. Wait a minute. You children didn't even see the flag as a black man being hanged by white people, did you?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle's Team,[except stunned Stan] No.
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"[deducing, marveling] Why, that is- that is the most beautiful thing I have ever heard."
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,What?
Chef Goes Nanners,Mr. Wyland,What?
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Don't you see? All this time I thought these little crackers had turned racist, when actually they were so not racist that they didn't even make a separation of black and white to begin with. All they saw when they looked at that flag was five people."
Chef Goes Nanners,A Few People,Awww.
Chef Goes Nanners,Some KKK members,Awww.
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Yeah. [Cartman is still showing off, Wendy remains oblivious, Stan remains shocked]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"I'm sorry, children. I was wrong about you. But I still the flag needs to be changed. But now I realize that I almost let racism turn me into a racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"Yeah. You know, uh I suddenly found myself on the side of Klan members. I've never had anything against blacks, Chef."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,"Oh, I know you don't, Jimbo. I've known you for almost ten years. You're a good man."
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"We've been way too divisive over this, Chef. Maybe we can come up with a- compromise flag—something that everybody can be happy with."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,I think that's a much better start than me tryin' to separate myself from all you wonderful crackers.
Chef Goes Nanners,Audience Members,"[relieved, ad lib] Ooh, huhuh. Oooh [Stan's astonished gaze was fixed on Cartman and Wendy all that time while Cartman continued his happy hand dance.]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"Oh. Sweet, dude. I don't think we have to do this stupid debate now. [waves his hand in front of Stan to get his attention] Stan?"
Chef Goes Nanners,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, day. The Mayor has called a town meeting at City Hall and now stands at her podium with the town gathered before her. Something hangs above her covered by a brown curtain"
Chef Goes Nanners,Mayor,"This has been an interesting week in South Park. We've all done a lot of growing this week. [shot of the crowd, some of them smiling] Everyone was afraid to take a stand on this issue. But now we have learned once again that black, white, yellow, brown, or whatever, we are all just people. And so, I am very excited to unveil our new South Park Flag! [The curtain falls away to reveal the same flag, only with the five people, including the hanged man, holding hands. The crowd cheers. From left to right: a white man, a yellow man, the hanged black man, a red man, and another black man]"
Chef Goes Nanners,Stan,"[recovered, looks at the flag] Wait, I don't get it."
Chef Goes Nanners,Kyle,"No, see? There's people of all colors. And they added a black guy as one of the hangers, too, so it's not racist."
Chef Goes Nanners,Chef,Hooray!
Chef Goes Nanners,Jimbo,"I have to admit it, that is a lot nicer."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,Phew. I'm sure glad that's over with. [the applause begins to die down]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Me, too!"
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"[applause stops, background music plays] I can't believe how right Bebe was about feeling under pressure with somebody. As soon as it was over, all my feelings for you just vanished."
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"[fronting] Oh, huh. Yeah. Yeah, totally huh."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,I'm totally back to normal. See you later. [the crowd disperses behind her as she pats Cartman's shoulder]
Chef Goes Nanners,Cartman,"Yeah. See you later, heh. Ho, [finger points at her] huhuh, he, haha."
Chef Goes Nanners,Wendy,"Hahaha. [looks off to her right] Stan. Stan, wait up! [hurries away to catch up to him. Cartman looks at her, then away, then at her long, then away, than at her quick one last time, then looks down and sighs. He turns to his left and walks away, dejected]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,A large city at night. Klieg lights pierce through the air as a large crowd gathers in front of a large building.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Announcer,"Tonight, Stellar Productions presents the boy band of the decade! [women scream, jump, and shout. Signs reading ""FINGERBANG RULES,"" ""FINGER BANG,"" ""WE LOVE FINGER BANG,"" AND ""FINGER BANG 4EVER"" bob throughout the audience] It's Fingerbang, live from Madison Square Gardens! [the interior is shown, with cheering crowds. A heralding sound effect plays, and spotlights flicker around the stage. A burst of fireworks cues the music and the familiar silhouettes of four boys are shown on stage. A few women faint]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"[the lights go on them, and it's the boys, dressed in white outfits. Their hats are all white, too. A green shirt indicates Kyle, a blue one Stan. Kenny wears an orange visor over his white hood. All wear headsets] Fingerbang! [they each spin towards the audience once, then stop] Bang-bang! Fingerbang-bang! [they spin back to their first positions] Bangbangbang! [all step forward and do their routine] I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright 'Cause I'm the king of fingerbang; let's not fight I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you ever-y night"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[steps forward for a solo bridge as the others sway back and forth] And girl, you know that you're the only girl for me, girl Girl, you're the girl of my fantasy You're my girl, you're my girl"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,"[as Cartman sings] Cartman, I want youuu!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[continues] My... girrrrrrrl... [lifts up his shirt to show off the right breast—um, pec. The others turn to their right while maintaining their gaze and pointing their gun fingers at the audience. The music builds as women scream at the sight]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"[Cartman rejoins the others and all point their gun fingers at the audience, then resume the routine] Fingerbang! Bang... Bang bang bang Fingerbang-bang! Bangbangbang! I'm gonna fingerbang-bang--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's tossing and turning joyfully in his sleep. The song continues playing in his mind: ""--you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright"""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yes! Yes! I'm a star! I'm a star! I'm-- [wakes up, then looks angry] Aaawww, I'm nobody! God-dammit! [suddenly thinks] Wait a minute. Maybe that was a sign from God. That's it, isn't it? You want me to start a boy band so I can make $10 million, don't you? That's it! [rushes out of bed]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, day. Cartman has Stan, Kyle, and Kenny over in the living room."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[pacing back and forth] Gentlemen, thank you for coming. This is the beginning of a great time in our lives. [stops and faces them] God has finally spoken to me, you guys. And he has told me how I can make $10 million."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,...How?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Boy band.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Boy band?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Boy band.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,I'm not being in any [crosses his arms over his chest] faggy boy band!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"There's nothing faggy about $10 million, asshole! This was a message from God!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dude, we don't have any musical talent."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"That didn't stop any of the other boy bands, dumbass! [pulls out a tape from his back pocket] I've got prerecorded music we can sing to, just like they do. All we need to do is practice our choreography over and over and over!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,(That sounds totally fuckin' stupid.)
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Shut up, Kenny. And then, I know I can get us a gig at the South Park Mall. [intense] So everybody get in a straight line, we're gonna listen to a song from the top, and take it--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Wait a minute. There's only four of us.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,So?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"So, all boy bands have five members."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,What?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"'N Sync, Backstreet Boys, New Kids on the Block. All had five members."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,He's right.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[throws down the tape] Dammit! Okay, okay okayokayokay. We'll put off practice for now, and hold auditions for a fifth member. Get the word out that auditions will be tomorrow morning!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, night. The family is gathered for dinner, enjoying ham and turkey"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Did you have fun at Eric's house today, Stanley?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well, I guess."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,What did you do?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well, Cartman wants to start a boy band, so we're gonna rehearse and then try to perform at the South Park Mall. [Randy reacts, and Shelly takes notice]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Oh well, that sounds nice."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[to Sharon, angrily] No, it does NOT sound nice! [to Stan] Stanley, you are gonna have no part in that boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well but, Dad, all my friends are doing it."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[rises] If all your friends jumped off a cliff, [jabs his finger at Stan] would you do that too?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,[voice shaking] Cartman says we can make $10 million.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"You are not gonna be in a boy band, Stanley! AND THAT IS FINAL! [storms out]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Shelly,"Geez, what's up Dad's ass?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman residence, next morning, ""BOY BAND AUDITIONS TODAY!!"" Music begins. Inside, Butters is singing his song in front of the sofa"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Butters,"[holds two fingers on his right hand up to indicate a hopping bunny] Little Bunny Foo-Foo hoppin' through the forest [scoops up imaginary mice, makes two fists, and bops the right one with the left] Scoopin' up the field mice and boppin' 'em on the head [shimmies down with hands outstretched. The auditors look half-asleep] Down came a white angel and she said [the angel (left finger) reprimands the bunny] ""Little Bunny Foo-Foo, I don't wanna see you [the piano player seems familiar. The angle bops the bunny] Scoopin' up the field mice and boppin' 'em on the head"" So now I'm gonna turn you into a worm, mbuh, mBunny Foo-Foo... Eh, beh-POOF [slaps his right hand with his left, and one finger goes down, leaving a worm] Little Wormy Foo-Foo crawlin' through the forest Gettin scooped up by the field mice who mah-m then they bopped 'im on the head [grins, then does a little kick forward]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] Eheh, thank you Butters. We'll let you know."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Butters,"Ah, I can do it again."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] We'll let you know, Butters."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Butters,"Ahah-oo well, alright then. [walks off to his left, unsure]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Pffft! Oh my God, his intonation was so off!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,It was?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dude, I don't think I could sing any better than that."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Guys, if we're gonna impress the mall owner and get that gig, we'd better do it better than that. [into the mic] Next!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"[reads from a list] Uhhh, next is Ike Broflovski."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Kyle's brother?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,I promised my mom I'd let him try. [Ike hops in with some sheet music]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Christ's sake..!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Schroeder,What key?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"[hands him the sheet] G. [hops back to the sofa as the kid plays] Itsy bitsy spider, out the water spout--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[through the mic] Next!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"Oh Danny Boy, the parson's callingClang, clang and clang"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[through the mic] Next audition!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"E F G, H I J K L-M-N-O-P"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] Goddammit, NEXT!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ike,"One on a teacher on a palm tree""G-U-B, When the teacher wanna punch me"""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[through the mic] Not the next song, the next PERSON! [Ike goes for his sheet music, then returns to flip Cartman off.] Aw, man, this is gonna be a long-ass day. [the front door opens and in walks Wendy with her sheet music. She walks to the piano player, gives it to him--] Oh no! Nononononono! Sorry, Wendy, this tryout's for a boy band! [a grinning Wendy suddenly frowns and her head hangs.]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Aw, come on, dude. Let her try."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[moves the mic away] No way!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Come on, Cartman! You haven't liked anybody else!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Okayokay, fine. Wow me."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Wendy,"[cues the player] Miiis-suuus Landers was a health nut; She cooked food in a wok Mr. Harris was her boyfriend, and he had a great big- Cock-a-doodle-doodle, the rooster just won't quit And I don't want my breakfast, because it tastes like- Shih tzus make good house pets; They're cuddly and sweet Monkeys aren't good to have, because they like to beat their- Meeting in the office or meeting in the hall, The boss, he wants to see you so you can suck his Balzac was a writer, he lived with Allen Funt Mrs. Roberts didn't like him, but that's 'cause she's a- Contaminated water can really make you sick Your bladder gets infected, and blood comes out your- Dictate what I'm saying, 'cause it will bring you luck And if you all don't like it, I don't give a flying fuck! [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny applaud]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Thanks, Wendy. Don't call us. We won't call you either, heheh. [Wendy is angered]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, what are you talkin' about? That was awesome!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Dude, she's a chick!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Come on, nobody's gonna notice."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"""Nobody's gonna notice""?! What about her huge freakin' hooters, huh?! [Wendy looks down at her chest]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,She's the best chance we have! I say she's in.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Me too.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,(Me too.)
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, this is a democratic boy band, is it? Alright, fine! She's in until she screws up!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Wendy,[exults] Yeah!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, next morning, early. A rooster crows. Cartman has his band in his room, and they are still drowsy. Stan is about to fall over..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Okaaay! You guys all ready to rehearse?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Cartman, it's six in the morning. Do we have to rehearse this early?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"We have to rehearse all that we can! [moves away] Now, check this out: [returns with a box of clothes and sets it on the floor] My mom made us costumes!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Costumes? [the band gathers around the box]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yeah. [starts handing out the costumes] This one's yours, Stan. This one is Kyle's. This one will cover up Wendy's hooters... [she looks a little embarrassed]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Hey, Cartman, how come your costume has like, nose rings and facial hair?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"'Cause I'm like, you know, the tough one. Every boy band has to have the one member that, you know, is tough."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,[dryly] I wanna be the tough one.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[looks back blankly] ...Kyle, you are the sweet one. Will you please just cooperate and not--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,[determined] I wanna be the tough one!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,You can't be the tough one because you're Jewish!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Jews are tough!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Since when?!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Since Abraham, fatass!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright, fine! Here! [tosses the tough costume at Kyle, knocking him down] Jesus Christ, I wonder if every boy band has to go through this! [moves away. The band dresses. Kenny is a baseball player, Stan is a fighter pilot, Cartman is an Elvis impersonator, Kyle is a tough dude with nose ring and Fu Manchu mustache]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Hey, Cartman, what does ""fingerbang"" mean, anyways?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I heard it on HBO. It means, like, you know, when you... [waves his finger around] pretend to use your finger like a gun or something."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,"[chuckling] (Hm hm, noho, that's not what it means.)"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Kenny says that's not what it means.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[testy] Okay, Kenny, what does ""fingerbang"" mean, then?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,"(It's when you take your finger, and you stick it in a vagina and you stick it in again and again.)"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"...What?! Who the hell would do that?! Jesus Christ! Grow up Kenny, would you?! Alright, boys, let's do it from the top. 1, 2, 3, 4!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, day. South Park is not so small anymore. Two guards on the second floor relax against a glass railing"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"[with a drawl] Now, I know that this is your first day on the job of mall security, rookie. Keepin' the law in a mall is just like any tough city, and especially because they don't let us have guns. It can be very dangerous."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[leading the band members through the mall] Alright, guys. Let's do it like we rehearsed! We need energy! We need to be up!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"[blocking the way to Mall Management] Excuse me, just where do you think you're goin'?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,We're goin' to see the mall manager.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,Do you have the proper clearance?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"[to Kyle] Uh oh, mall cops."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"You have to make an appointment first. Now move along, sir."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[pleading] But we practiced for days. All we want to do is show the guy what we can do, [the veteran guard pulls out a small bottle of pepper spray and shakes it up] so that maybe we'll have a chance to perform in the plaza of the-- [the veteran guard sprays his face all over] Aagh! Aagh! Ooww! Ow! Oh! God-dammit..! [squeezes his eyes shut and rubs them]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, God, I can't see! [rubs his eyes]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, sir. Or I'll do it again. [Cartman walks off and the others join him. Stan retrieves the boom box. Then] You see, you put your life on the line every day."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well, I guess we can't get in to see the mall manager."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[coughs a few times] The hell we can't! I'm not lettin' no washed-up law cops ruin my divine quest! Come on! [all join him down the mall]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The two guards are watching shoppers move along. A blond man with two bags walks by."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,Ey! [the man turns to look at him] What are you doin'?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,Nothin'. Just... shopping.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, sir. [the man leaves and the veteran looks at the rookie] You see, sometimes you gotta just do that. Keeps shoppers on their toes — try it. [the rookie gets determined and a woman and girl walk by]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Rookie guard,Ey! [they turn to look at him] What are you doin'?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,Nothing. Why?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Rookie guard,"Move along, ma'am. [she leaves looking angry]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,That's what being a mall cop is all about. Hyeuup.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Rookie guard,Cool.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[over the PA system] Attention mall shoppers: the next twenty people to buy an orange smoothie will also receive a complimentary Nissan Sentra. Hurry up. [crowds rush off to get their Nissans]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Jesus, they're gonna start a riot! [both cops follow the crowd while Cartman and friends return to the mall manager's office]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright, guys, here we go. [enters the office with the others] Hello, sir!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[a harried man who's speech is nearly emotionless with odd exclamations] What? Hey. Who are you? [the office is a bit unkempt. Stacks of paper here and there, hanging out of cabinet drawers, scraps on the floor and desk...]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,We... are Fingerbang!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,O-o-oh. What? How'd you get in here? Hey.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,We would like to audition for you for a gig in the central plaza of your fine mall.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,What? O-oh. You wanna play at the mall? Like Tiffany?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Sort of like Tiffany, yes. Can we audition?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Oh. Well, I guess. ...What?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright! Let's do it, boys! [moves aside and sets the boom box down, then sets the tape to play. He returns to the group, and they begin. All of them are all off-key, They all sing too ahead of the music and Wendy's voice is squeaky and lags behind the others...]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright I'm goin' to fingerbang-bang you ever-y night"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[goes into his solo, and back into his dream] And girl you know you're cool, you're good, you're so much nicer, girl You're good, You're gonna be--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[cuts him off] Alright, that's enough!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"--you're my fantasy, you fanta--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Thank you.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[backs up into the band] Well, so can we play here?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,What?? ...No.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,No??
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Who?? No!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Why not?!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Well uh, uh, oh... Right now there's a cheese and sausage cart in the plaza. And I would uh, I'd hate to have to move it off to the side for a while. What?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"You don't think we're any good, do you?!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"No. I mean, you're just not as good as sausage and cheese."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Well, come on guys. We gave it our best. [goes to get his boom box]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Wow. That was your best? [Cartman flashes an angry look at him, then walks off in a huff.]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The five are sitting on a bench on the first floor"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Wow. I feel so rejected.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,There you are! You're the hoodlums who got on the intercom and started an orange smoothie riot!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Uh-oh.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,I will now read you your mall rights! You have the right to shop at a variety of malls in all--
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Run for it! [the five bolt and rush out of there]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Go get 'em, rookie! [gives the rookie a stern look; the rookie just looks back]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later. Shelly's eating cereal, Sharon is at the sink. Randy enters"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Where is Stan?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Oh, he's over at Eric's house practicing for his boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,What?! I specifically told him not to do that!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"Now, Randy, calm down. It's just a silly little dream. They're not gonna actually make it."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"And what if they do make it, Sharon? What if they do make it? Are you gonna be the one to tell 'im?! [turns around and walks out]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Shelly,"Mom, what's up Dad's ass?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Sharon,"It's a long story, Shelly. Let's just say your father... has a lot up his ass right now."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,Chef's house. Cartman arrives and rings the bell
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"[opens the door and appears in a towel around his waist] Oh! Oh-h, hello Eric."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[eyes downcast] Problem, Chef. I have m-many problems."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"Wellll, if you uhhh, come back in just a little bit, Eric, I'll see if I can help you out. [a blonde woman comes up behind Chef]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,I just don't know what I'm gonna do. [lets himself in] Sometimes I wonder if God isn't toying with me. [goes to the sofa and pulls out some Cheesy Poofs to eat]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"[sits next to Cartman] Alright, Eric, what's the matter?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Chef, God told me I was to start a boy band and make $10 million. The problem is, it isn't working. I mean, [with feeling] I feel the music burning inside me. But I just can't express it right, you know? [the woman sits on Chef's left side and strokes his arm]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"Well, Eric, I, I think you were just focusin' in on the wrong thing. Boy bands aren't about music, boy bands are created by corporations to make money. They're all based on the Gomlich effect."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,What's the Gomlich effect?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"The law of physics that states, ""If one girl screams for something, it will make other girls scream. And then, it grows exponentiously until all girls within a five-mile radius are screaming."""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,So how do boy bands use that?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"All they do is make videos, showing tons and tons of girls screaming for the boy band. Once you get girls screaming, you can't stop 'em. They're crazy! [the blonde gets cross and scoots away; Chef quickly makes amends] Uh-uh, except for Lilian, of course. [she goes sweet on him again]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Thanks!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,"You're welcome. Now, go away!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Okay. [Chef watches as Cartman drops down and heads for the front door, exits...]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Chef,A-and a cucumber in the pants never hurt either!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[outside] Cucumber in the pants. Got it. [and closes the door]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, day. Nine kids are there: the five band members and the four other girls in class. Cartman is talking to Bebe, Red, Annie, and Milly. He seems to have taken Chef's advice..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Alright, everybody, listen up! This is how this first shot is gonna work: The girls are standing here, and then the members of the band walk by looking cool. When you see us, you girls all scream like, ""Oh my God, it's Fingerbang! Oh my God!"" Okay?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,"Are we gonna get paid now, or after?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I'll pay you afterwards. Promise. Okay, Timmy, roll camera. [Timmy sits in the cameraman's chair]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,Tiimmmaaayyy! [Cartman inches his way to the group sideways]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, what's wrong with your leg?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Huh? Oh, Chef says to put a cucumber down my pants for good luck. [the band walks across the ground in front of the girls]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Girls,[ad lib] Ahhh. Wow. Woohoo. Yay.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Waitwaitwaitwait, cut!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,Huhaaaaah!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Let's go crazier than that! I mean, you have to act like it's freakin' Leonardo DiCaprio!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,We wouldn't give a rat's ass if Leonardo DiCaprio came walking past us.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,"Other Girls (Red, Annie, and Milly)",Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Fine! Who would you go crazy for?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Girls,...Matt Lauer.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"...Okay, fine! Pretend that we're Matt Lauer."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,Oh... Okay. [Cartman positions himself in front of them]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Roll camera!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,Timmuh! [the band tries again]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Girls,"AAAGGGGHHH! [the band scatters away from the screaming. Cartman falls, then gets up]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Jesus Christ!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, playground, later. The band is still shooting the video. Bebe and Red hug Cartman tightly."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,Fingerbang-bang you ever-y night
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Aaand cut! [music stops] Alright, our video's complete. Through the grace of God I can now go back to that mall manager and show him what we've got!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Bebe,"Okay, so where's our money?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh uh, Kyle has it. [the girls move to Kyle. Cartman walks away]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[arrives] Stanley, what the hell are you doing?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,We are making a music video.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,You get in the truck right now! [points at it]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, I was just a--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,[pointing] Get in the truck! [Stan walks to the truck dejected]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"The road, the Marsh truck. Randy drives Stan home."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, I did all my chores. Why can't I play with my friends?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Stanley, it's just that there's better things you could be doing on a Saturday than singing and dancing. You could be watching TV or, laying in bed."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, I like being in a boy band. I think it's interesting."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Well, there's plenty of other interesting you can do. Have you ever tried marijuana?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,No.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Well, maybe it's time."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Dad!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, late morning. The guards relax on the second floor railings. A stooped man with a clear vessel filled with a green substance walks past them"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,Ey! What are you doin'?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Madman,I've got a new strain of anthrax that I will soon unleash upon all of North America!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, sir."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Madman,Wuh? [walks away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Attention, shoppers: There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. There are naked people at the orange smoothie machine. [crowds of mall shoppers head for the orange smoothie machine]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,God dammit! [he and the rookie give chase]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[enters the manager's office] Hello again!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,What? Oh. It's you. I don't like you.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,I know you didn't love our audition. But now we have a video.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Oh. What?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[retrieves a TV cart with VCR and pops the VCR in. The video pops up] If you would, sir, just watch this and prepare to be wowed! [at first, only the boys' hats are seen, near the play elephants. The camera spins right, then down, and the girls' feet are seen. The camera spins up and left, and finally rests on Timmy]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,"Timmiihh! [The camera turns left again and catches a glimpse of the girls, then ends up on Cartman, and zooms in on the cucumber]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Uh, god dammit..! Our camera guy kinda sucks, but this next shot we did was really cool. [the camera gets a glimpse of the four girls, then moves off them a second after Cartman appears]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Timmy,"Haaghh. [waves at the camera, then moves his wheelchair back and dances to the music] Timmih, livin' a lie!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Son of a bitch!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Hey. This video is dumb.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[dead air on tape] You don't understand. Girls were going crazy for it. Please. This is what God want me to do. Ple-ease.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Alright alright. What? Well, I guess I can move the sausage and cheese cart off to one side. [gives a warning face] For a little while."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Really? You will?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Only for twenty minutes, though."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,That's all we need! How about this afternoon at 3 o'clock?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Oh. Okay. [static shows up on the video]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yes! Thank you sir, you will not be disappointed! [a previous recording is shown:]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, Mrs. Cartman, I've been uh very bad. M'kay? [he's handcuffed against a brick wall. Mrs. Cartman appears as a dominatrix]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Liane,"You have been bad, so you're gonna have to drink from this glass. [points to it, then spreads her legs and pisses into it as he watches]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, yeah, that makes me hot, m'kay? [Cartman is shocked at what he sees; the manager is pleased]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Aw, Mom!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Wow. What?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, later. Stan sits on the sofa as Randy paces the floor back and forth"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"It's not fair, Dad! Why can't I be in a boy band?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Because I said so!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Dad, Cartman said we're gonna perform at the mall at 3 o'clock. My friends are gonna be pissed off at me."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Let 'em be pissed off, then!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"I don't understand! Just let me go do this one thing, and I won't ever--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"No!! [walks over to the china cabinet] NOOO!! [smashes his head through its glass doors, causing the dishes to slide out and break up. Stan looks at him with his mouth hanging open in shock, and Randy stands up, ashamed and shocked at his behavior. He walks back to Stan, then turns away defeated]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Dad? What the hell is going on?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"...I was... I was 18 when my high-school men's choir performed at the grand opening of a sporting-goods store in Denver. [a flashback starts. A young Randy is at lower left corner of the choir, and the choir begins this song: ""Everything will wait / Weave all ye little reins...""] I was just one of fifteen members and I had no idea that a record producer was in the audience. [the audience claps. The producer is in the second row of spectators. The choir members split up and the producer rushes up to Randy]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Kid, can I talk to you?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Uh sure.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Heh, you were really great up there. Too good for a pissant choir in a pissant mountain town."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Ohh, thanks."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,Listen: I'm putting together a rock group. A vocal group called the Ghetto Avenue Boys. I think you would make a perfect member.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,What? Me? Do you like my singing that much?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Yeah, I think your mustache is perfect. How would you like to come to New York and start a singing career?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Oh my God, I don't know. I mean, I still have another year of high school, and I--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,"Hey, look, if you don't want it, I'll keep looking--"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[interrupting] No! Wait. I mean, ah-I'll think about it."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,I take it that means yes. Call me in the morning. [slips a business card into Randy's coat pocket and pats it]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,And just like that I left everything. I dropped out of high school...
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,[walks by Denver High] See ya. [walks away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...I said good-bye to my girlfriend...
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"See ya. [waves, turns and walks away, leaving a distraught girl with mouth open]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...And I left my family.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"See ya. [gets into his beat-up pale-yellow car and drives off, leaving his parents at the front door]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"And suddenly there I was, thrown into a group with four other young men who I didn't even know. [the five are recording their first song]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Producer,Take 112!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ghetto Avenue Boys,You've... got... it! You know you've got... it [Randy: Girl] What you've got is it!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"It's obvious to me, girl"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"The songs were terrible. But believe it or not, the country ate them up. The next thing I knew, we were the biggest thing in the world. [the song continues as he speaks, and the scene changes from the studio, to a poster, to a concert as the camera leaves the poster]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Ghetto Avenue Boys,"Shirl! You've... got... it! It... is what you've got, girl! What you've got is it!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Now, give it to me, 'cause..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[more scenes from his glory days] I had everything. A huge house, [the backyard pool: he's resting on an inflatable chaise longue while women surround him] and all the women you can imagine. [nine bikini-clad women are in his bed, and he's rolling back and forth over all of them] And then one day, just as quick as it started..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"[the Ghetto Avenue Boys enter to rehearse, but...] Alright, guys, let's take it from the top."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Hey, Mr. Allens."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,Heh? Woh. Uh... R-Randy.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Who are they? [five new guys are in the recording booth]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"These are the Avenue Ghetto Street Boys, my... new boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"But, w-we're still selling records, right?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"Look, kid, you're just getting a little... old to be in a boy band."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,I'm 19.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,"Get a life, Marsh! [the Ghetto Avenue Boys turn around and walk out the door] Alright, guys, let's take it from the top."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"They said that after all the money we had made we were in debt to the studio, so they towed my car..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Tow Truck Driver,"[wearing a ""Tacos"" hat] See ya. [tows a blue sports car away]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...the women all left...
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Women,See ya. [the women pour out of bed and leave]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,...and they took back my house.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,[gets kicked out of the house] Ugh..! [the producer stands at the French doors]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Mr. Allens,See ya. [Randy gets up and walks away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"The only thing I could do was come back to Colorado, and face everyone that I had abandoned."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,"Hey! Weren't you the guy in that stupid boy band, the Ghetto Avenue Boys?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,"Sure, I remember you! [starts mocking] You got it, baby... You got it, baby [he and the others begin to laugh, and it soon gets overwhelming. Randy looks around, scared. The flashback ends]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[voice full of emotion] And so you see, Stanley, I... do know what I'm talking about."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Jesus Christ. ...I never knew.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"I didn't want you to know. Because now I'm a joke. Ever since then, I've wished every single day that I could go back to that moment when I was offered the job and say, ""No!"" Because all the fame and the money, the women... All it did was build me up, so that I could be knocked down harder than anybody in the world. [Stan is listening] That is what being in a boy band is all about, Stanley. [bitterness creeps in] It's people smothering you and embracing you and loving you and then spitting you out and throwing you away like you were last night's pork chops. Now we wander the Earth in disarray—us, New Kids on the Block, the Osmonds... We're all the same. And that... is why you can't go to the mall. [walks off]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,[left with his thoughts] ...Oh-kay.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, afternoon. Most of Fingerbang is on the plaza stage, peeking out from behind a curtain with the band's name on it. People begin to gather in front of the stage."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Wow. There must be at least 20 people out there. [the band regroups]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Where the hell is Stan?!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,He'll be here. Stan wouldn't douche.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I swear to God, if he ruins this dream of mine I will have his nuts!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[approaches] Hey. Uh, are you gonna do that thing or what?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Yes. Yes, sir, any second—we're just waiting on one more member."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Well hurry up. I can't keep the sausage and cheese cart off this spot much longer. [the cart is shown with Swiss cheese and sausage, and a pissed-off vendor]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Yeah. We'll start right away. [the manager walks away. Cartman turns to Kyle] We'll have to do it without him.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Hell no! I'm not being part of a four-member boy band! We'll look stupid!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, god-dammit!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, later. Randy is sitting at the foot of his bed, reading from an issue of Teen Heat dedicated to the band. The camera zooms out from the magazine cover to Randy reading"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,[enters] Dad?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Huh? Yeah?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Well... I just wanted to tell you... that I don't think you're a joke. I mean, whatever you used to be, you're just my dad. And you're the best dad I've ever had."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[thinks, then lowers the magazine] Come here, Stanley. [Stan approaches and sits next to his dad] Stan, it was wrong of me to try and stop you from joining a boy band without explaining why. I've made some mistakes in my life, and now... I have to let you make your own mistakes."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"You know, in a way, I think I was even jealous of you being in a boy band. Isn't that stupid?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Not really. Not any more stupid than some of the other stuff you've done.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"Well, come on. I'll drive you down to the mall."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Really?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Yeah. I wanna see what you guys can do. And then we'll go buy you a small toy so that you can forget all about this.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Alright! [father and son get up and leave the bedroom. Randy tosses his magazine aside]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, afternoon. Everyone is waiting for Fingerbang to sing"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,What's happening here?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Woman,"I don't know, uh. I guess nothing."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Man,"Hm... Well, let's just walk away then. [man and woman leave]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,God dammit! People are walking away! [drops back behind the curtain]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"[arrives again] Alright, kids, uh, that does it. You're gonna have to move and make way for the sausage and cheese cart."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,Just another minute.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,Sorry. Get out! [the band members walk sullenly away]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[stops and looks up] Well God, I guess you got me again, didn't you? Hyeah, that was a good one, God. Hope it made you laugh, you sick bastard."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Wendy,[rushes up to Cartman and points] What's that? [a grinning Randy and Stan arrive in an elevator]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,It's Stan! [the other members have returned]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Oh, thank you God! Oh, praise his name! [walks off smiling as Stan arrives]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, where the hell have you been?!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"[approaches the manager] Sir! We're all here now! Can we go on, please?"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Who? Well. Okay, I guess. But hurry up."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"We will! [moves to the front of the stage and addresses the audience] Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to witness the next great boy band of the country! Someday you will all be among those who can say, ""I saw Fingerbang when they first performed at some crappy little mall."" [the manager takes offense] And so, without further ado, all five members of the..."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kenny,"[while Cartman talks] (Uff--!) [an elevator crushes him and Cartman stops. Everyone around, including Cartman, is stunned. The doors open and the occupants exit]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Oh my God, they killed Kenny!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,You bastards!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,[traumatized] No! He can't be dead!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Dude, he's pretty dead."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,No! We were so close!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Manager,"Alright, that's it, kids. Get out!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,But we have to perform!
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"We don't have a fifth member, Cartman!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"Oh, yes we do."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. The stage is set, the intro begins"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Thank you all for your patience, and now get ready for Fingerbang!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Fingerbang,"[the new fifth member: Randy] Fingerbang! Bang bang [audience members look at each other] Fingerbang-bang! Bangbangbang [people begin to leave] I'm gonna fingerbang-bang you into my life Girl, you like to fingerbang, and it's alright [Janitors wearing face masks scrape Kenny's remains off the elevator] 'Cause I'm the king of fingerbang; let's not fight [the veteran mall guard swivels his hips around happily as the rookie looks on] I'm goin' tuh fingerbang-bang you ever-y night [Cartman: I'll just...] Fingerbang-bang you ever-y night!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Chuh! [only four shoppers remain to clap for them] Yes! Yes! Thank you, yes!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Scene Description,"South Park Mall, later. Janitors continue cleaning the elevator that crushed Kenny, the sausage and cheese cart is rolled back on stage, and Fingerbang sits on the edge of the stage, dropping pieces of their costumes into the pit below"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,We made two dollars.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,"You were great, Dad."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,Yeah. I guess I still got it in me a little.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Little Girl,Can I get your autograph?
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Ok-Okay, okay."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"[arrives with the rookie and moves the girl aside] Hey, don't hassle the talent, ma'am."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Little Girl,"[looks at the guard] I actually don't really know who they are, I was just getting an autograph and-- [the veteran guard sprays her with pepper] A-a-agg-g-ggh!"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Veteran guard,"Move along, ma'am. [the little girl runs off stage] Eh, that was pretty good, kids. Maybe you can come perform at my Elks Club sometime."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Okay, yeah, maybe. [the mall cops walk away] God..! Now it's like everybody wants a piece of us."
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,Yeah.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"I don't know if I can handle all this fame. I mean, I always thought I'd wanna become famous, but now that I am, I don't know if I like it. I mean, I probably can't even walk through this mall right now without people goin', ""Oh my God, it's the Fingerbang guy! Oh my God!"""
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,...Yeah. That's gonna suck.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,Yeah. I just wanna be a normal kid again. Have a normal life and appreciate what I have.
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Randy,"[looks at Stan and pats him on the back] Well, I think you boys are very smart for your age. Come on. I'll buy you all an orange smoothie. [gets up and moves off the stage]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Stan,I don't think they sell those anymore. [gets up and follows his dad off; Wendy gets up and follows him]
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Kyle,"Hey, Cartman, do you think God's getting mad at you for not making $10 million? [gets up and follows the others off the stage. Cartman gets up and follows him]"
Something You Can Do with Your Finger,Cartman,"Aw, screw God. I'm not scared o' him. He's a pussy. [the stage is empty now, but Cartman returns and looks up] You know I'm just kiddin', right? Heheyeah. [turns and walks off again]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. The congregation is heard singing along with an organ. Inside, the town has assembled for services"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Congregation,"I walk hand-in-hand with Jesus Over at the park by where he lives I tell him all my problems [the cantor is shown at the pulpit] And sometimes he tells me his What a friend I have in Jesus [Stan, Kenny, and Cartman are shown] I can say that honestly [other townsfolk are shown] He's not like all my other friends Who really don't care about me. Amen."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,[to Kenny] Bo-ring.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cantor,"And now Mr. Mackey will read his favorite psalm for us, Psalm 46. [steps out of the way]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, God is our refuge and strength, m'kay. A very present help in trouble, m'kay. [Cartman starts talking to Stan and Kenny] Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea..."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"[as Mackey speaks] Hey, you guys, you wanna know what my favorite psalm is? ""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation. [Stan and Kenny begin to laugh] This sort of penetration will increase the population of the younger generation."" [stops]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Mr. Mackey,"God is in the midst of her, m'kay. She shall not be moved, m'kay. [Stan resumes conversing with the other two] Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, m'kay, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, m'kay. There is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place- [interrupted by the priest]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"[as Mackey speaks] Waiwaiwaiwaiwait. ""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's..."""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's separation [Stan and Kenny begin to laugh] to increase the population of the younger generation."""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,(It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's operation-)
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"No no, no. Separation."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"""It's a man's obligation to stick his boneration in a woman's-"""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,BOYS! You are in CHURCH! [Liane raises her arm and slaps Cartman across the back.]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[falls off the pew and onto the floor] Ugh!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Mr. Mackey,"-m'kay. The God of Jacob is our refuge, m'kay. [walks from the pulpit back to his seat. The priest replaces him]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Thank you, Mr. Mackey. Hello, everyone. Today, we're going to talk about hell. [an organ swells into a dreadful chord. The boys are afraid] Hell is not a very nice place. Burning, searing, flames. Screaming, torture. For eternity. Once you are in hell, you cannot escape. You live forever in horrible pain, in burning agony. All sinners are there in misery, dying over and over and over. [the camera begins to descend through the floor, past the foundation, several layers of dirt, a sewage pipe...] If you be cast down into this black bog of stench, then woe is thou, [...more layers of dirt and some fossils...] for Satan has made it the most miserable place in the universe! [...and finally, an inferno full of skulls] And he will be your ruler! [the camera stops at this sign: ""Welcome to Hell""] Your ruler of pain and agony!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell. Music is heard, and the camera pans right, past this sign: ""Don't Forget! IT'S LUAU SUNDAY!!!"""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Singers:,Are we going to the Hukilau? The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau? [Satan joins them] Are we going to the Hukilau? The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau? [Jerry Garcia is seen] Everybody loves a hukilau-
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Gene Siskel,I do!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Singers,"Where the laulau is the kaukau at the luau [A monster band plays] We throw our nets out into the sea [Satan does throw out a net] And all the ama-ama come swimmin' to me [two demons retrieve the net, with fish in it] Are we going to the Hukilau? The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Hula Dancers,Are we going to the Hukilau?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Men,The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Hula Dancers,"Everybody loves a Hukilau,[a hula dancer's head falls off]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Singers,Where the laulau is the kaukau at the luau[Three other tortured souls watch as Satan and George Burns meet at the spit and Satan roasts the man attached]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,All,"'We throw our nets out into the sea. [Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin motion for the nets to be dropped] And all the ama-ama come a-swimming to me [The demons harvest the catch, Tiny Tim surfs and plays his ukulele] Are we going to the Hukilau? [A three-person band of monsters sings and plays, then a group shot of Satan and others] The Huki Huki Huki Huki Hukilau? Huki... Luki... Lau?... [the camera pulls back to show everyone. An Aloha sign appears above.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Yeah!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Demon,Hennnh! [bites a damned soul]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Man,Aaawwwwwww! [the others laugh]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Gary,"Great luau, Satan."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Thanks. See ya, Gary. Thanks for comin'. Oh- Hi, Marsha."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Walter,"Satan, a few of us are gonna go pound some brews. You wanna join us?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh, I'd love to, Mr. Matthau, but I can't. Chris and I just moved to the west side and we have to unpack."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Walter,"Oh, well, maybe next time. Great luau!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Bye.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, a marina. Boats, yachts, and one big ship are docked on the liquid lava below. A complex of buildings is shown. A woman somewhere screams. At the main entrance the sign reads, ""RIVER STYX CONDOMINIUMS. UNITS STILL AVAILABLE."" Inside his condo, Satan sets up a ceramic doll display and hums a bit"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Chris?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,[off-screen] Yeah?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Did you, uh, see my ""Boy With An Umbrella"" Hummel?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Uuh, no, but there's still some boxes coming from the movers."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh, okay, thanks. [the doorbell rings.] Oh, that must be them now. [goes to answer the door, and opens it] Just put the boxes by the-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Hello, Satan! [opens his arms wide and grins big. He has two suitcases, one on either side of him]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,[stunned] Saddam...
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"[cuddly] Did you miss me, buttercup?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, it can't be! You're dead! I killed you!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Yeah, you killed me. So? Where was I gonna go? Detroit?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh no. [looks up] Oh, God no."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. Priest Maxi finishes his sermon. Fear is shown across the faces of many of the congregants"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"A place of everlasting agony and pain! Hell awaits all sinners and all who do not accept Christ! [Stan grits his teeth, Cartman's jaw drops, Kenny trembles a little] Children in this town have not been attending Sunday school after Mass! And adults have not been coming to Confession! If this does not change, I promise you, you will be going to the black pit of Satan's world! [Cartman grits his teeth] That is all. Peace be with you. [congregants rise and file out of church. Randy and Sharon Marsh are the last two adults out]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Randy,"Well, that was quite an uplifting sermon."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sharon,"Yeah. [Stan, Cartman, and Kenny run up to them from behind]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Mom, wuh we're staying for Sunday school."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sharon,"[she, Liane, and Randy spin around] What?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"We have to go to Sunday school so we don't burn! [turns around, runs to the altar, and turns right. Kenny follows him]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Yeah. I'll see ya later, mom. [runs out after the other two.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Randy,"Oh, now look at that. They're scared to death."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"[comes up behind them] Hell is a very real place, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh. I'm trying to save their souls and the souls of everyone in this town from the wretched lake of fire!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The wretched lake of fire — I mean, Hell, the River Styx Condominiums, Satan's front door. Satan has taken refuge behind the door and peeks out"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Come on, guy. Just let me in so we can talk."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"I don't want to talk to you, Saddam! This isn't what I need in my life right now."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[peeks out from another room] Is that the movers, Satan?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[hides his disdain] Ah. Yeah. Yeah, it's just the movers"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Oh, well, tell them I'm leavin' their check on the counter. [disappears]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Okay, Chris."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Satan, look: I know our relationship wasn't perfect. Okay? I know that. I was too busy tryin' to take over the world to give you what you needed. But I've changed, Satan. [flashes his charm]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[sarcastically] Oh, why, I haven't heard that one before."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"COME ON, can't we just go out for a burrito? [Satan thinks about it. Saddam appears dressed for a fiesta and shakes the maracas around] ¡Me gusta burrito mucho!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"I can't, Saddam. I'm with Chris now."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,Who?? Screw 'im! He can't pound your ass like I can!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Good-bye, Saddam!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Wait. Wait, I'm sorry, heh. But Satan, you can't deny what's between us. [pats his hair] You can try, but you know we belong together."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"My life is good now, Saddam. Chris treats me well. You and I are through. Good-bye. [closes the door, sighs, and walks off to his left, past a window]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"[pops up outside the window] Hey, come on, guy! Give me a break! [Satan looks, then lowers the blinds, and continues walking]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. Sunday school is in session, apparently at the church basement. A nun and eleven children sit around a table. Clockwise: the nun, a blonde girl, Clyde, Butters, Token, Kenny, Stan, Cartman, Pip, Bebe, Tweek, and a blond boy. A Twister game in on one side of the room, a bicycle on the other"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Nun,"Hello, children. I'm Sister Anne. And I'll be teaching you so that you can all receive your First Communion."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,[quite afraid] Are we gonna go to hell?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Well, hopefully not. That's why you're gonna need to receive Communion."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"A- And as long as we get this Communion thing, we're safe?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,What if we haven't really done anything that horribly bad in our lives.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Yeah, what if we haven't?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"It doesn't matter, because we are all born with Original Sin. Now, let me explain how Communion works. [brings out a golden dish with round wafers on it] The priest will give you this round cracker, [lifts up and displays a wafer] and he will say, ""The Body of Christ,"" and then you eat it. [silence]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Jesus was made of crackers?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,No.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,But crackers are his- body.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,Yes.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,"[thinks a while, then] (What?!)"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"In the Book of Mark, Jesus distributed bread and said, ""eat this, for it is my body."""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,So wwe won't go to hell as long as we eat crackers.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,Nononono!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,"Uhwell, uhwhat are we eatin' then?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,The Body of Christ! [confused faces all around]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Nonono, I get it. Jesus wanted us to eat him, but he didn't want us to be cannibals, so he turned himself into crackers, and then told people to eat him."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,No!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,No??
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,Huh-I can't whistle if I eat too many crackers.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Look: all you have to know is that when the priest gives you the cracker, you eat it! Okay?!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,"Kenny, Stan, Cartman",O-kay.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"And then, you will drink a very small amount of wine, for that, is the Blood of Christ."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"[unconvinced, closes his Bible] Aw, come on now, this is just getting silly! [rests his head on his left hand]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Eric, do you wanna go to hell?!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[startled] Nno!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,Then stop questioning me.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"But now we can have Communion and not go to hell, right?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"No. Because before you can take your first Communion, you have to have your first Confession."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Confession? [Kenny snaps to attention, jarring music plays in the background]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"You'll be getting in the Confession box with a priest and confessing all your sins, so that God can forgive you. You kids will all have to go to your first Confession this Tuesday, so I want you all to go home tonight and think long and hard about all your sins, so that you can tell the priest everything. [All the kids look towards Stan Kenny and Cartman, who's faces are stricken with fear]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,"(OH, SHIT!)"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, the River Styx Condominiums, Satan's kitchen. He and Chris are washing dishes. He soaks, Chris rinses"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Those were some great pork chops, Satan."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Yeah.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Hey, you. [puts a dish away] You've been actin' strange all night. What's up?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,[jittery] Nothing. Why?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Well, it's... just that you've washed that same dish seven times now, silly."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[sheepish] Oh, huh. Sorry, huh-huh. [holds a plate in his hands, then gives it to Chris]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[puts it away] Come on, Satan. You know you can tell me anything. What's up?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Well, Chris, Saddam showed up today."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,[stung] Oh. [thinks] Woww! [sighs] I wasn't ready for that.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,He showed up spouting all kinds of things about how he's changed and he still loves me...
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,I thought you... killed him.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Yeah, well, where was he gonna go? Detroit?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,...Do you still love him?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, Chris."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,It's okay of you do.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Well, I mean- [sighs] Of course, there's a part of me that will always love him, I... But I also know how abusive he was—I'm much happier with you."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Well, you know what I think we should do? I think we should all get together and just talk, like adults."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,What?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"We're all grown men here, Satan. I wanna just go meet this guy."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, Chris, you don't understand. Saddam is fucking crazy."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Oh, I know he's got the whole bad-boy thing going. But I think that's what you were attracted to. But I can be a pretty rough tumbler myself. [tosses a plate into the air. It falls onto the floor and breaks up, startling him] Oops! [bends down to pick up the pieces.] Aw, butternuts! [Satan just glances away]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, curbside. Stan, Cartman, and Kenny are seated there. Cartman has pen and notebook in hand"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Okay, let's see. Uuh, oh yeah, there was the time we threw a fish into the busdriver's hair and she didn't find it for seven days."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Oh yeah, okay."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,And thennn there was the time we held that little first-grader down and farted on him for 28 minutes.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Right, I already got that one."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,"[stops by] Hey, dudes. What are you doin'?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,We're trying to remember all our sins. Sister Anne told us we have to confess all our sins or else we're gonna go to hell.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,Uhwuwhat?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,Have you confessed all your sins yet?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,No-o-o-o-o!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Dude, he's Jewish. He doesn't have to confess his sins."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,Oh good. I don't?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"No, you're already going to hell."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,I am not!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"You are, too!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Dude, this lady told us if you don't confess all your sins and you don't eat crackers and drink wine, then you go to hell. Period."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,I'm gonna go ask my mom! [walks away]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Now, let's see. What about the time we set Mr. Garrison's cat on fire?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Alright. That was mostly Kenny's fault.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,(What?)
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,[rushes in with Timmy and Token] Eyou guys! Eyou guys! Uh we just thought of somethin'!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"What, Butters?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,"Uhwell, uh what about the handicapped kid, uh-Timmy?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Timmy,Timmiih!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,What'd we do to Timmy?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,"No! I mean, poor Timmy's gonna go to hell! He can't confess his sins, 'cause all he can say is his name!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Timmy,Timmiih!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Oh yeah, you're right. I guess Timmy's pretty screwed."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Oh man, we can't let Timmy go to hell. We have to do something."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,(What are we gonna do?)
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna do.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,Hell. Satan sits on a boulder with four demons and a small monster off to his left
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[pensive] I don't know what I'm gonna do. I can't deny my feelings for Saddam, but... my life is so much better now with Chris. [the monster gives him some commentary in gibberish] Yeah. It's like Chris is so perfect in every way, but there's just something about Saddam that I'm more attracted to. [the monster makes a suggestion] In what way? [the monster tells him] Yeah, you're right. Saddam would just treat me bad again. I'm just gonna have to not see Saddam. Put him out of my mind and focus on Chris. If I don't see Saddam, then I won't have such strong feelings for him. Thanks guys. [turns right to walk away]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,[arrives] There you are.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[turns right] Oh hi, Chris!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,I've been lookin' all over for you. I have to tell you somethin' that might make you... a little mad.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,What?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Well, I called Saddam Hussein and invited him over for dinner tonight."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,You WHAT?!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,I just think we all need to get this out in the open.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Oh, Chris! Rraarr! [raises his arms in fury and points his right hand away. Lightning comes out from his index finger and scorches a tree.] Rraahh! [points his left hand away. Lightning comes out from his index finger and scorches the aboriginal monster he was talking with earlier.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[walks up to Satan] Come on, Satan. We're all adults here. He was an important person in your life, for better or for worse. So, I wanna know him. If he sees that I'ma real person too, then... well, maybe he'll see how happy we are together."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, Chris! He'll try to kill you is what he'll do!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Satan, we're not in junior high school anymore."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[incredulous] Oh, dear God. [slaps his hand to his face]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church. Stan sits on a bench praying. A confession box stands nearby with two doors, one of which is open. Apparently, he's already confessed his sins."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art though amongst wo-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[approaches] How was it?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Uh- Aw, dude, you screwed me up!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Huh?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,The guy in there said I have to say 54 Hail Marys. Now I can't remember if I was on number seven or eight.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Who's in there?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,I don't know. You can't see him; it's just some anonymous guy.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Well, here goes everything. [walks to the penitent side of the confession box and enters.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The confessional, inside. Cartman sits and faces the partition."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"[hesitantly] Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"[in the confessor's side] Blessed art thou, child. Now, what do you have to confess?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Well, let's see. I'd like to start, if I may, back when I was two and a half. It was a cold April morning, and the dew on the grass was frozen, like tiny beads of glass..."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The church, inside, next to the confessional. Stan continues his prayers"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"...Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Ble-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,"[arrives] (Hey, dude.)"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,God damnit!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,(What??)
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"[notices someone and points] Oh, there's Sister Anne! Come on, we've got to ask her about Timmy. [he and Kenny walk over to her. She's kneeling before a table of candles and a portrait of Jesus] Sister Anne?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Oh, hello, children."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,We have a question.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"[rises] Okay, shoot."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,Where do handicapped people go when they die?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"[thinks a moment, then] The handicapped are just people like you and me, so the same rules apply. They need to be baptized, take Communion, and confess their sins."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"But our friend Timmy can't really talk. All he can do is say his own name, so he can't really confess his sins. So is he goin' to go to hell?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Uugh. This really isn't a question for me, it's for the priest. [begins to hurry away] I'll see if I can find him. Bye. [Stan and Kenny look at each other]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The confessional, inside. Cartman goes through his extensive list of sins"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"And that was about everything from first grade. Then last year, well, you can't tell anybody about this stuff, right?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,Your [clears his throat] con- confession does not leave this box.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Okay, because, last year, I took a sandwich that the priest of this church had been eating."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"[guarded] Oh. Well, Uh arr-I'm sure he would forgive you if he knew."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"No, but I'm not finished yet. I took the sandwich that the priest was eating, took the piece of ham out of it, put it between my butt cheeks, and then put the sandwich back and watched him eat it. [Cartman looks up for a response, but nothing happens]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,[after a pause] I... see.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Yeah, and then this other time, I went pee-pee in the holy water thing, and the priest blessed himself on the forehead with it every day for about a week. [the priest grows more concerned and his jaw drops] And then this one time, I was at the park, and the priest was out walking his dog and I went-... number two on the sidewalk and then told Officer Barbrady that it was the priest's dog. [Priest Maxi's worry has turned to anger he's trying to contain] And so the priest got find like a hundred dollars for not cleaning it up. And then this one time, I put super glue all over the priest's bottle of- [an arm tears through the partition and grabs Cartman by the throat] -eh- Ow! [throttles him back and forth] D'ow! Jesus! Ooww-ah! Ow! [the priest pulls him up into the partition a few times] Eh! Oh! Help. [The confession box rocks back and forth] Oh! Somebody help! God damnit! Let me out of here!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,[arrives and knocks on the priest's door as Cartman screams] Father! I need to talk to you. Father! [an angry Priest Maxi exits the box] I have to ask you a question.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Okayokay, fine! [walks away with Sister Anne]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[the door opens and he falls to the floor] Uh-huh- [Stan and Kenny rush up] Oho! Ohoho.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,What happened??
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"I felt it, you guys. I felt the angry hands of God. [Stan and Kenny get afraid] He is an angry God, you guys. We all have to start taking this very seriously."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, River Styx Condominiums. The doorbell rings at Satan and Chris's condo. Chris walks to the door and opens it"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Oh, hello. You must be Saddam Hussein."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"And you must be Mr. Assface. [cocks his head in an open grin] Just kidding. You're Chris, right? Thanks for inviting me to dinner, guy. [reaches into his coat] Here, I brought you a potato. [hands him a baked potato still wrapped in aluminum foil]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[takes the potato] Oh, thank you."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[sees this and rushes up to Chris] Chris, no! It's a bomb! [takes the potato and chucks it clear of the condo]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Satan, what the heck is wrong with you?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Yeah! Hey, relax, guy. We're all here to act like adults, right? [the potato explodes in a manner that reveals it was a bomb after all] Oh, gee. I guess I must've overcooked it. [chuckles]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Well, come on in. Dinner's just about ready."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day. Sheila and Gerald sit on the living room sofa, and Ike reads from a book between them"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Ike,"behayin' glah, and the he find de eye. [reads from ""Cannery Row"" by John Steinbeck]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Gerald,"Very good, Ike. That's two John Steinbeck books in one day."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Ike,Cookie monstooh.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sheila,"[affectionately] Oh, he's growing up so fast! [a door opens and closes]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,[rushes into the room] Mom! Dad! Am I gong to hell?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sheila,"Why? What did you do, Kyle?!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,"Nothing. But the guys said if I don't confess my sins and eat crackers, I'm gonna go to hell."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sheila,"Oh noooo, that's just Catholics. Us Jews don't believe in hell."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,We don't? But what if we're wrong?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sheila,"Well..., Kyle..., they could be wrong, too."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,"Yeah, but if they're wrong, no big deal. If we're wrong, we burn in hell."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Ike,"Oh, no."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Gerald,"Kyle, it's all about being a good person now! You see, Christians use hell as a way to scare people into believing what they believe. But to believe in something just because you're afraid of the consequences if you don't believe in something is no reason to believe in something. Understand?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Ike,No-o-o.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,"Well, you guys can do what you want! I'm going down to that church to confess my sins and eat crackers! And I'm taking Ike with me! [goes up to him and takes him away towards the front door. The book falls to the floor]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sheila,Kyle!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, River Styx Condominiums. Dinner has been served. Saddam, Satan, and Chris sit at a round table, eating. Satan sits between the other two."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,So Saddam. Satan told me all about how you guys almost took over the world once.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Hn-yeah, those were the days, boy. What the hell is this crap we're eating, anyway?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"It's all vegetarian, Saddam. Chris was a nutritionist before he died."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Oh, isn't that fascinating. So, tell me, Chris. How is it that you died?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Oh, well I, I actually slipped down an escalator, in a mall. Those things can be pretty sketchy."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,An escalator? What kind of pussy way of dying is that?!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"L-look, Saddam, I know that you and Satan had a relationship [Saddam reaches down to stroke Satan's right leg] And I just want you to know [Satan swats Saddam's arm away] that I'm totally okay with you guys staying friends."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,Uh huh.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"I think it's important to stay friends with people you've had relationships with. [Saddam tries twice more with Satan, but Satan keeps swatting Saddam's arm off] And I know that Satan and my relationship is strong enough that it can handle anything. [looks up to Satan] Right? [a tormented Satan looks down at a grinning Saddam, who is still stroking his leg] Right."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The church, day. The rectory. Sister Anne, Stan, Cartman, and Kenny wait for Priest Maxi at his desk. On one side of the desk is a tray with holders that say, ""The LORD Giveth"" and ""The LORD Taketh"""
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Father, the children asked me about their handicapped friend. I wanna explain to them that he's fine."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Well, has your friend ever confessed or been baptized?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,I don't think so.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Then, hell awaits him."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Father, these boys are really worried because they think they have to-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"They SHOULD be worried! Boys, it is your Christian duty to save the souls of your friends!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Yes, but-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,[rushes in with Ike in tow] Mister Father! [Sister Anne looks back at him] We have to ask you something.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Oh. You're the little Jewish boy, right?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,"Yeah. If we're Jewish, are we gonna go to hell?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Well, young man, you can rest assured that according to Matthew 25, when you die you will stand before God and he will will say, ""Depart from me, you cursèd, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels."" Yes! As a Jew, your home will be the lake of fire."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Ike,[hiding behind a frightened Kyle] Oh no.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,Father-
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,I hope to see all of you in church this Sunday.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,"Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Kenny",We will be. [the boys turn and walk out with Ike. Priest Maxi gloats]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"[concerned] Father, I don't know if I agree fully with what you're saying. I think that as long as Jewish people are good, they will get into heaven."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Sister, the Jews crucified our Savior. I mean, if you don't go to hell for crucifying the Savior, then what the hell do you go to hell for?!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"The church, day. The boys stand in front of the candle table Sister Anne prayed at earlier"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,[breathless] Stan! You've got to help us become good Christians. Please.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,Alrightalrightalright. You heard the priest: the first thing we have to do is get you guys all baptized. Come on. [the boys exit]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Timmy, Kyle, and Ike stand in a row as a hose splashes on each one for a few seconds. Cartman is the one doing the spraying while Stan and Kenny watch from the steps"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Okay, you'd better baptize Kyle some more."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[points the hose at Kyle] Halleluyah! Wash away the sin-eh!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kyle,HAAAAH!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Turn around so I can clean out your ass.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,Cartman!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,What?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Dude, you just said ""ass""! That's a sin!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Oh, now you've said it, too!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Oh, shit! [covers his mouth with his gloves.] Oh!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,(Fuck! Oops!) [covers his own mouth]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Aw, dude, we've gotta go back to church and confess again."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,But what about them?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Ugh. Oh, I know. [runs away, but returns with an attachment] We can use Wacky Water Weasel! [sets everything up, and the Weasel sets to work spraying Timmy, Kyle, and Ike.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Timmy,Haaaaah!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Okay, come on. [he, Cartman, and Kenny leave]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Timmy,"Haaa-ay, Timmmiih!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, River Styx Condominiums. Dinner is over. Chris collects the dishes"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Hoof. Well, I don't know about you guys, but all that ginger made me tired."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,Yes. I guess I should be gettin' back. [leaves the table]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Good. I'll show you out.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"Nice to meet you, Saddam! Have a safe walk back!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Yeah. Thanks for the weak grass and twigs and stuff. [Satan shows him out; he faces Satan] Satan, that guy is a pussy!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"He's stable, Saddam!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"Yes, that's what I said! He's a pussy!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Having stability in your life is a great thing! You should try it!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"For some people, maybe. But you like excitement. I know you, Satan. [grins]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,I'm very happy with my life now.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,Here. [slips a key into Satan's hand] I'm at the bargain hotel on Monte Vista. Room 16.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, Saddam! I won't be needing this!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Saddam,"D'oh, I know you won't. But just keep it, just in case. It was good seeing you again, Satan. Goodnight. [to Chris, still inside the condo] Goodnight, pussy! I mean, Chris!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,[off screen] Goodnight [Satan looks torn]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Rome, St. Peter's Square. A phone rings somewhere and someone answers"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Voice,"Hello. Your Excellency? [the scene switches to the church in South Park. The voice is Sister Anne's] This is Sister Anne, the Bleeding Eyes of Jesus, calling from the United States?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Secretary,"Yes, I understand you want to speak-a wit the pope."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Yes. The priest here has been telling the children some pretty radical things, and I just wanted to see what the Church thinks about Jews and the mentally handicapped."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Secretary,"Yes, well the pope is here, but please keep it brief. He is a-very old. [the secretary hands the phone over to the pope, who is seated in a throne inside a tiny temple at one end of the cathedral]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,The Pope,Heh??
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"Hello, His Holiness. I want to ask you about people with mental disabilities."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,The Pope,Heh?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,Do mentally-challenged people go to hell?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,The Pope,"[soft] Ehhhhh, what's that you say? [loud] Heh?!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,[enunciates] Handicap. Mental handicap.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,The Pope,[flaps his lips around with his tongue] Fibibiibibibibiibibih.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,"[waits, then] ...The priest here said that people with mental handicaps might end up in hell. Is that true?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,The Pope,"[snores, then] Eh-bibibiibibibibiibibibih. [Sister Anne says nothing.]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park Avenue, day. Stan, Cartman, and Kenny are at a crosswalk waiting for the light to turn green"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,Come on! This stupid light won't change.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Token,"[arrives, followed by Butters, Clyde, and Bebe] Come on! Hurry up! [sees the other three boys] Hey, what are you guys doin'?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,We're goin' to church. We've sinned and so we have to confess again.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,Uh us too. Uh we saw a picture of a naked lady. We could see her whole beaver.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Clyde,"Yeah. If we died right now, we'd have unclean souls and we'd burn in hell. [the crosswalk light turns green]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Uh, come on, let's go. [the kids begin to cross the street, Kenny first, but...]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Kenny,"(Yow!) [a tour bus slams into Kenny and takes him away. The other kids freeze where they are, petrified]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"[finally reacts, shrilly] ...Oh my God, they've killed Kenny!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,He had sins that he didn't confess!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,And he never took Communion!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,He's doomed.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Clyde,...We've gotta get to that church before we die.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,Yeah. [the kids make their way slowly across the street]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"Hell, River Styx Condominiums, night. Satan and Chris are in bed in the dark. Chris is trying to arouse Satan, but Satan doesn't move"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,[grabbing Satan's privates] Yeah. [moves up to Satan's left shoulder] That's hot. [then to the right one] You take it! [Satan turns on the lights as Chris makes his way down to his crotch] You take it now!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Chris, what are you doing?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"I'm just... I'm just trying to be a little more naughty in bed. I uh... I know that's what you like about sex with Saddam. I'm just... showin' you that I can be that way, too."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,Oh boy.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[resumes his naughtiness] Uh huh. Yeah. You like that, don't you, bitch? [Satan begins to grimace] I'm a bad boy. Yeah. Take that."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Chris, just... don't... don't do that."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,But it turns you on.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"No, it's a- When Saddam did it, yeah, but uh..."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,But what?
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Nothing. I just- I'm just- really tired is all. Can we- just, please go to sleep? [Chris looks let down] Chris, seriously. I'm just tired, okay?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"[closes his eyes] Okay. I love you, Satan."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"I love you too, Saddam."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,"Satan, Chris",[immediately react] Wuh?!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"Waw. Uhuh. I'm sorry, I mean, Chris. [grimaces]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,"It's okay. It's okay. I, uh, I, I understand. ...I do."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,I just need to go get some air. okay? I'll be back... really quick. [gets out of bed and leaves]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Chris,Yeah. Sure. Okay.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, the church, day. The kids race towards the church"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Come on, hurry up! [Stan reaches the door]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,[tries to open it] Oh no! It's locked!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,[moves in and tries to open it] What? No! It shouldn't be locked! We have to confess! We have to confess our sins before we die!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Butters,"Hey, there's a window in the back that's usually open. [the kids go around to the back of the church, find the window, and climb in]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,[sees something off to the side] Confession box is over there! [moves towards it]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"I'm first, I'm first! [trips Token and runs past Stan. Token quickly gets up and walks with the others. Cartman opens the penitent door and sees a woman with her exposed ass up against the partition]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Woman,"Oh, huhuh."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"[closes the door] What the? [opens the priest's door. Priest Maxi, in a sexual act with the woman on the other side, looks out and grins. The kids look back in horror, and his face changes]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,Whoa! [turns and faces the partition while zipping up his pants] Son of a bitch!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Woman,"[flits out of the penitent side] Eh, heheheheheheh."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"[exits] Uhuh. Kids, uh."
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,You're a sinner!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,You're doing unnatural things in the house of God!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,"Oh! Huh huh. Huh huh. [drops to his knees and prays] Oh, forgive me, heavenly Father! I've sinned against you!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Oh, this guy is so gonna burn!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Priest Maxi,M-Mrs. Donovan is a temptress from hell! [begins to weep]
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"Dude, if this guy's goin' to hell, who's gonna save us?"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"Well, it looks like we're gonna have to save Timmy, Kyle, and everyone else in this town from the angry hand of God ourselves!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,Hell. Satan walks down its streets
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Damned Soul,"Oh, the pain! Oh, the pain! [Satan stops and looks at the key Saddam gave him. The handle looks like a coffin]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Satan,"[lowers the key] No, I can't. [in front of him is the Bargain Hotel] What am I doing? I know this is the wrong thing to do. I could lose Chris. I can't do this. [turns around and walks away] I can't do this. [stops and turns back]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A street corner. Cartman holds court on a soapbox. At least 17 other kids surround him. Some adults look at the action from across the street"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"We have-uh repeatedly broken God's commandments-uh! We have lived our lives for ourselves-uh! Totally ignoring the Lord-uh! [Chef and Mr. Garrison arrive] If thy hand offend thee, cut it off! [Stan's parents and the nun are there] It is much better for thee to enter into life maimed-"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Randy,"Oh, what the hell are they doing now?!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Sister Anne,[steps up] Oh no.
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Stan,"[passes out material] Pamphlet. Pamphlet. [from a child's view, the pamphlet is seen. It's called ""Kids Against Hell"" and has a quote from Ezekiel 5:10. It is soon lowered for a good shot at the growing crowd of kids at the street corner]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,There is only one answer! As kids we must abandon this town of sin and start anew!
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Heidi,"I don't wanna to go to hell. [joins the kids, leaving her parents stunned]"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Cartman,"It will be a long road, but at the end of that road is Salvation! And I am going to lead you there!"
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?,Scene Description,End of Do The Handicapped Go To Hell? — To Be Continued...
