Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, night. Stan, Kyle and Cartman are on stage for the next round of elimination."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, everyone, the time has come for us to narrow the list down from ten to six. But first, let us just say that the people who we didn't pick were only not picked because they totally sucked balls. Kyle?"
Professor Chaos,Pip,They're not going to pick me. I just know they're not.
Professor Chaos,Tweek,O-oh Jesus! Aaah I can't take it!
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[as before, holds up a rose for every name] Token."
Professor Chaos,Token,All right! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Timmy.
Professor Chaos,Timmy,Timmay! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Tweek. [Tweek goes for his rose] Pip.
Professor Chaos,Pip,Really? I don't believe it. [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Towelie.
Professor Chaos,Towelie,What?
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Just one more rose, Kyle."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Jimmy.
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,Oh boy! Oh thank God! [goes for his rose]
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, those with roses will move on to the swimsuit and talent competition. The rest of you, get the fudge out! [Craig, Clyde, Jason, and Luigi leave]"
Professor Chaos,Clyde,[turns and looks at Cartman] This whole thing is stupid! You don't pick people you wanna be with by making it into a game!
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Ooooooo, somebody's a sore loser! Clyde, I believe I said, ""get the fudge out!"" Which means, kiss mah fudgin' ass, go fudge yourself, fudge ya, get the fudge out, Clyde!"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"South Park docks, night. Under a red moon, Butters sneaks along the docks, making sure no one sees him. He creeps from box to box and peeks out from behind one. Another face peeks out from behind a box at the other end of the docks. This face is younger, with glasses."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,[steps out] Hey Butters.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[drops his guard and steps out] Oh, hey Dougie. [gets into character] Oh I mean, my name is Professor Chaos."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,I saw you change in the school bathroom. You stole that eraser in your class.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Very well. You called out Professor Chaos, and you also called out, eh your own demise! [pulls out two hamsters from his pockets and sets them down] Go now, my minions. Go and take this, this foolish mortal down! [the hamsters head back towards shore] Aw minions, naw, not that way. He- [turns to see them leave] come back minions."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"I'm, not trying to call you out, Professor Chaos. I want to join you."
Professor Chaos,Butters,Join me?
Professor Chaos,Dougie,Yeah I want to join you in your conquest of destruction.
Professor Chaos,Butters,But why?
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"[approaching] I'm an outcast, too. A frail child cast aside by society. I want to follow you and... whatever you're doing."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Uh very well. You shall be my accomplice in evil. Together, we shall bring the world to its knees! A-and make all those who banished us from society run... red."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"Do I get a neato costume made out of aluminum foil, too?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Well sure you do. Ah I am professor, and you shall be my general. From now on you are General... Disarray."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,General Disarray.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Now let us go look for my minions! [softly] They ran away here, now to find 'em... [the new villainous duo search the docks for the hamsters]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Montage 2 - The Swimsuit And Talent Competition. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman sit on the chairs in the audience. The six remaining candidates are on stage."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,[a shot of him on a sofa] The swimsuit competition really gave us a fresh look at some of the candidates. [a shot of the three boys making comments during judging. Cartman takes notes]
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"[on a sofa] Well, I don't think I did too well in the... bathing suit competition. But I can't wait for the talent show competition. That'll really be my chance to... shine. [cut to Cartman's house den for the competition. Jimmy's doing his comedy routine] Wow, what a terrific audience. So anyway, a guy walks into a buh- ...A guy walks into a b- ...buh... [a shot of the three boys getting bored] A guy walks into a guy walks into a [goes into a sing-song mode] babuh ba-a-a, uh- [next, Towelie playing an electric guitar - ""Stairway To Heaven"" - but messes up]"
Professor Chaos,Towelie,"Okay wait... [starts over, but messes up. The boys are bored again] No, no wait. [tries again]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Next please.
Professor Chaos,Token,"[takes the mic] Well, what am I supposed to do?"
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Anything that'll impress us, Token."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"If you were our friend, how would you keep us entertained?"
Professor Chaos,Token,"Aaaah. Oh, I know. [takes his shirt and ties it into a knot between his breasts, then begins to shake his butt, giving the impression of a hula girl]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Very nice. [takes notes]
Professor Chaos,Stan,I like it. [takes notes]
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"[back to recap] Well Token was a definite winner of the talent show. But then we decided to take everyone to a baseball game, to see how we got along there."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,Coors Field in Denver. The game is underway. A shot of the field.
Professor Chaos,Announcer,"There goes a hit to left field, and Foley's going to score."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"The bleachers. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Pip sit and watch the game."
Professor Chaos,All,Woohoo!
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Yeah! Isn't this great?!
Professor Chaos,Vendor,[making his way down the steps] Drinks! Get your drinks here.
Professor Chaos,Pip,"Eho! Yes. Can I have some tea, please?"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"You don't drink tea at a baseball game, you French piece of crap!"
Professor Chaos,Pip,"Oh, very well. Just some crumpets, then."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"All right, that does it! Pip, get the fudge out! Next! [Pip leaves his seat and Token comes in]"
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Okay, let's try this. [a shot of the field. The Jumbotron at center field loses focus and glimpses of Professor Chaos are seen]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Hey, what's wrong with the Jumbotron?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"People of Earth! Your meaningless lives are about to end! I am Professor Chaos, [Dougie comes into view] and this is my partner ih-in evil, General Disarray! In the past few days I have rained terror down upon the society that shunned me! And now it is time for my final Labor of Loathing! I am going to... flood... the world!"
Professor Chaos,Man 3,Flood the world?
Professor Chaos,Man 4,My God!
Professor Chaos,Woman,"[grabs onto someone] I don't wanna die, [screams] I DON'T WANNA DIE!"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh yes. Every living creature and every sacred building will soon be under leagues and leagues of cold and dark water. And there is nothing you can do to stop me! General Disarray, begin the flooding of Earth! [Dougie goes to the faucet by the porch and turns it on, then brings the hose to Butters. Butters addresses the world] You brought this upon yourselves! You made the outcasts of the world! Now watch! Watch as your precious planet drowns! Watch! [points at the pool of water now forming on the ground. The crowd watches in silence]"
Professor Chaos,Man 5,"Dear Christ, who will save us?"
Professor Chaos,Man 6,"We have very little time to live. How, how shall we spend our last hours on earth? [the crowd stops and reflects...]"
Professor Chaos,Fans,Yeah! All right! [everyone takes off their clothes and celebrates in their underwear]
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Butters and Dougie are in the back yard watching their puddle grow and grow."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Our reign of terror is complete! Our tur- turmoil has now come full circle! [the two of them watch the hose yield its water, seemingly slowly] Hey, is the hose on full, General Disarray? [Dougie goes to look, then returns]"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,It's on all the way.
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh. Alright then. Nothing to do now but watch the world die! [cackles and dances around, then resumes watching the puddle grow. Day fades to night] Boy, this sure is takin' a long time."
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Stan's house, dining room. The three boys sit at the table with pictures of the six candidates. They discuss their findings."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"Okay, so how do we all feel about Towelie as our new friend? [holds up Towelie's picture]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,I think Towelie is awesome.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Towelie is cool, but he gets stoned all the time. You can't really rely on him for anything."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"[weary] Oh, this is giving me a headache."
Professor Chaos,Kyle,"Eh now, [pounds the table with his fist] come on, you guys, we can't take this decision lightly. Whoever we pick is going to be the person we do everything with from now on."
Professor Chaos,Stan,"[acquiescing] You're right. Well now, how about Timmy? [holds up Timmy's picture] He's quiet and he takes direction well. Really the perfect friend."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Yeah, but Timmy can be really self-centered."
Professor Chaos,Stan,How about Token? [holds up Token's picture]
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Token's a smartass.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,So? You're a smartass!
Professor Chaos,Cartman,Yeah. Do we really need another one?
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Good point. [Stan sets the picture down. A door opens]
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,[approaches the table] Hey fellas. I was just in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to s-gif- gift basket.
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"[disgusted] Oh, thanks Jimmy."
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"There's some chocolates and lih-liquorice, and some games and peh- pencils inside."
Professor Chaos,Stan,That's great.
Professor Chaos,Kyle,Cool.
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"Yeah well, I guess I'll be seeing you, you friends later. [leaves]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Alright Jimmy, see ya. [the door closes]"
Professor Chaos,Stan,Suckup.
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Butters' house, next day, backyard. The pool has covered much of the yard. General Disarray jumps in the water as Professor Chaos looks on passively on the porch."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Not long now, General Disarray, and... our horrible plan will be complete."
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"Hey, do you think maybe we should build a boat? You know, like a little raft or something, so that when the world floods you and me and the minions can live?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Oh yeah. I hadn't thought o' that. That's a pretty good idea. I'll go get a hammer. [the sound of vehicles screeching to a stop outside the yard] Hey, who is that? [on the street, two Water Department vans come to a stop. Four men, two from each van, step out and get their tools. They enter the yard and approach the hose]"
Professor Chaos,Worker 1,Is this it?
Professor Chaos,Worker 2,"Yeah, two thirteen, that's the one. [Worker 1 proceeds to close the faucet]"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Heeyyy, what are you doin'? [Worker 1 finishes and the workers leave, climb into their vans, and drive off. Professor Chaos and General Disarray look on in sad disbelief. Suddenly, Butters flares up] Aaaah! You may have won this time! But I will be back!"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,What do we do now?
Professor Chaos,Butters,"[softly, pensive] Well I had another idea of how to kill the world, but I thought it was... almost too horrible to e- to even speak of, but- [with anger growing] but now they have left me with no other choice!"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard, day. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are on stage while the candidates sit in the audience. Pip is missing."
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Well, this is it. We have made our final decision and one of you is who we will be spending our childhood with, as our new friend. [the camera pans across the audience, showing the candidates close-up]"
Professor Chaos,Jimmy,"Oh puh please. Oh, Oh God... please. [Timmy just grins. Kyle draws the last rose from the box.]"
Professor Chaos,Cartman,"Four friends, just one rose. The moment of truth is here. Kyle? Who does the rose go to? [another shot of the candidates]"
Professor Chaos,Scene Description,"A hilltop, later. Butters reaches the top of a hill carrying a box, with a red sky above him. He sets the box down."
Professor Chaos,Butters,"This is it, General Disarray. My final solution. [cut to a view of the town from said hill. ]"
Professor Chaos,Dougie,"[catches up] What evil plot do you have this time, Professor Chaos?"
Professor Chaos,Butters,"Simple, my dear general. We are going to tear down the Earth's precious atmosphere! Oh yes! My latest plan will melt the polar ice caps, a-and burn all the world with the, with the... hu- sun's harmful rays! [reaches into the box and withdraws a spray can] Say goodbye to your... precious ozone and hello to chaos! [begins spraying away. The can empties without discernible effect, and Butters tosses it down] Okay, hand me another one, General Disarray. [Dougie reaches in the box and takes out three cans. He gives one to Butters and keeps the other two. Butters quickly opens the can and sprays away, cackling all the while. Dougie opens his two cans and begins spraying as well, cackling along with Butters. The camera begins to zoom out]"
Professor Chaos,Announcer,"Will Professor Chaos's latest plot succeed and be the final undoing of Earth? [a shot of Stan, Cartman, Kyle, and the fourth boy under a blanket, all in Stan's living room] And which boy has been chosen to be the replacement for Kenny? [six adults are then shown: Chef, Mr. Garrison, Jimbo, Officer Barbrady, Ms. Choksondik, and Mayor McDaniels] And which of these six South Park residents was killed, and will never be seen again? [a question mark appears on screen] The answer to those questions will be answered... right now. [A final shot of Butters and Dougie with ten spent cans and three in use] No. [Stan's living room: the blanket comes off the fourth boy] Tweek. [on the street, in front of a house: Ms. Choksondik is on a gurney as paramedics cover her body with a blanket] Ms. Choksondik."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Stan and Kyle are happily preparing a snowman, which now has twigs, buttons, a hat and scarf. Tweek stands behind Stan holding a carrot."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Okay, now put on the nose, Tweek. [Tweek moves forward, but then backs up. Stan rises and turns to Tweek]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,I can't. [presents the carrot] You do it.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Just stick it on.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,But what if I put it in the wrong place?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Just put it between its eyes.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"GARH. But what if, while I'm putting on the nose, the snowman comes to life and tries to kill me?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Tweek, when has that ever happened, except for that one time?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Yeah.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"[happens by and waves] Hey, fellas."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[flatly] Oh, hey Butters."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,How are things... going with your new best friend?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"[walks up to Tweek] Well, Tweek's okay, but he's certainly no Kenny! [takes the carrot from Tweek's hand]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Arrrr!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, but he's still better than you, Butters."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Yeah.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Well ah, that's good. Good luck being their new friend, Tweek. I hope you'll do better than me. Well, see ya fellas. [takes his leave, screen left. Stan and Kyle resume work on the snowman]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Oh man, that is waaay too much pressure! [Kyle puts the carrot in place]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[off screen. Stan and Kyle look] You guys, you guys! You're not gonna believe it! [excited, he rushes up and stands between then, holding an ad]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Uh oh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Everything's gonna be okay, you guys! Life isn't so crappy after all!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,It's not?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"No! I was looking in this magazine, and I found an ad for little ocean creatures that you can buy and raise in your room!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,No way.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Look! [the boys draw close. The ad is shown] Sea people. You keep them under a big tank of water and they like, build castles and play basketball and stuff."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Nuh uh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Yeah! And look! They ride around on turtles and they play games with fish.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,No way.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[shows irritation] Okay, Kyle, you're being a Negative Nancy. Stop it. Eh, unless you want everyone to call you Negative Nancy from now on. [turns to Stan and Tweek and continues excitedly] Now, what we need is to all chip in four dollars, and we can have them here tomorrow!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Only sixteen dollars? They can't be cool if they're only sixteen dollars. [Cartman's smile vanishes and he shuts his eyes.]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"If Nancy doesn't want to chip in, then it will be $5.35 per person!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Alright, I'll chip in."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Gah! Me too.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"[resigned] Ah, alright."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He reaches his room."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Linda,Butters! Don't forget: dinner is in two hours!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"[in the doorway] Wokay, mom. Ah I'm just gonna be up here, uh doin' my homework. [he enters and closes the door behind him. His evil face shows] Yes. By day he is mild-mannered, sweet, and innocent Butters BUT... [runs to his closet and opens the sliding door, then steps inside] nobody knows that he actually has a dark underside... [slides the door shut and changes clothes. He slides the door open and comes out dressed as] Professor Chaos! Haha! Time to wreak havoc on the world that shunned me! [runs to his window, opens it, and jumps out. He skulks through the woods nearby with an easel. He reaches a clearing and sets up the easel. General Disarray shows up pulling a wagon of firewood]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Professor Chaos!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Ah, my faithful companion in world destruction, General Disarray."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,I have done as you asked and brought the first load of scrap wood.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Excellent, General Disarray! Now we can begin my most horrible evil plan yet to wreak havoc on humanity. [EVIL PLOT #4-B]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,What dastardly deed are we doing now?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Simple, my dear general. [flips the page over to show a drawing of the town with a huge shade over the town, held up by a tall pillar] We are going to block out the sun!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,[looking at the picture] Oh. [turns around]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Oh yes! I have plotted for weeks, and figured that if we build a huge ...wooden shade eighty feet high, a-and fifty feet wide [a hamster peers from the wood and drops back down again], precisely on this hill, South Park ...will forever be cast in a great shadow."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Oh, awesome!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Soon, all people will have to live like moles! They will love only to remember with sorrow how great the sun used to be! [laughs with evil glee]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Cool. It'll be just like on the Simpsons. [Butters stops laughing and freezes in place]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[tilts his head forward] Huh?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,They did that on the Simpsons. I think it was the Mr. Burns character. He tried to block Springfield from the sun.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"He did? Hawww, heck. I thought I was bein' original."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,So how do we build it?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Aww, I don't wanna do it now [drops his hammer], not if they already did it on the Simpsons. [walks off dejected] I have to think of something else. [they walk through the woods] Uh Goddamnit, how come every time I think of something clever, the Simpsons already did it?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The living room light is on. Cartman is sleeping, dreaming..."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Sea people... coming in the mail tomorrow... [bubbles appear as Cartman dreams] Yesss... Yeesss...
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,The dream sequence.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[shown floating down to the briny deep. Two pairs of sea arms catch him. The sea couple rights him and walk with him in the middle] Look at me, livin' free Free and clean amongst the Sea People [the sea couple and he sail by in a tiny pirate ship. They take him into the castle] We look for pirates and search for gold. Life is an adventure with the Sea People [A sea man pitches to Cartman, who bats the ball for a run. As a sea family looks on he blows out the candles on a cake.] They don't ever complain, they don't call me fat. They don't make me do homework or nothin' like that. [he rides a sea horse alongside sea people on horseback and grins at the camera] This is the way life was meant to be. Laughin' and singing, [Shown walking with the sea couple again.] Sea people and me. Sea people and me, you guys."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"The dream ends and the bubbles fade away. Cartman wakes up, smiling."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Woowww. Only three more hours, sea people. [closes his eyes and turns to his left side] Only three hours and you can take me away from this crappy goddamned planet full of hippies. [goes to sleep]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's at his desk with the new kit while Stan, Kyle, and Tweek stand behind him. His dressed as a monarch, in suit, crown and cape."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Okay. I've added the water purifier tablet to the Sea People Kingdom tank. Now it says [slowing down to read] ""Step 2. [grabs a small sack] Add the Sea People eggs to the water; you will see sea life spring instantly."" [smiles, then remembers something. He turns to face the other boys] Okay, let's just run through this one more time: when the sea people arrive I will welcome them to South Park as Ambassador of Earth. Tweek, you give them the key to the city, and we'll all engage them in simple conversation. We've gotta make sea people feel comfortable, okay? Ready?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Ready. Let's see 'em.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[turns to the tank] Hold the sign up, Kyle! [Kyle picks a sign up off the floor and holds it to his chest] Higher, Kyle! [Kyle raises it higher, in front of his face] Okay. [opens the egg sack and whispers] Here we go. [pours the eggs into the tank and taps the bag for good measure. Kyle moves the sign a bit so he could peek. Cartman grins again in anticipation, but it fades. Kyle lowers the sign to his chest. Cartman looks from various angles, then takes out the magnifying glass for a closer look. Two pale shrimp crawl around in the tank. Kyle drops the sign]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Are they playing basketball? [Cartman picks up the box and looks at the front. A close-up of a sea couple. Cartman looks in the tank and sees just shrimp. He looks displeased, Kyle has the sign in hand again]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,What the fuck is this?! [Stan approaches and looks in the tank]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, these are brine shrimp. I used to feed them to my fish."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,I got RIPPED OFF! [pounds the desk and sets the box on the floor to his left]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"I told you, Cartman."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[approaches Kyle and confronts him] Oh, shut up, Kyle!!! Shut your Goddamned Jew mouth!!! You people are why there's war in the Middle East!!! [moves on to Tweek] And you, Tweek!! Why don't you learn to button your shirt right, for once?! You're as bad as Stan with his stupid girlfriend, always spending time with her!! God, I hate you guys!! [his rant ended, he walks across the room] They were supposed to take me away to their underwater kingdom. They were supposed to take me on adventures of the deep."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[shaking] They package brine shrimp and sell them to kids? That's not right, man!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,What are we gonna do with them?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,[at the window] Who cares?! Throw 'em away!!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,[approaches the tank] Hey! Let's pour them in the teacher's coffee tomorrow morning.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, that'd be funny."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[brightly] Heheh, okay, okay."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Next day, Ms. Choksondik's house. The scene from last episode is carried on here, only zoomed out. The paramedics take Ms. Choksondik's corpse into the ambulance as a crowd looks on. The adults murmur amongst themselves. The ambulance pulls away and Cartman pulls the other boys in with some urgency."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Alright, listen to me! We must take a strict vow of silence!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[blurts out] Jesus Christ, we killed her!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[rushes to Tweek and covers his mouth] Shh! Tweek, shut the hell up!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,Dougie's house. He's doing homework on the living room coffee table when a doorbell rings. He goes to answer it. He opens the door and Butters steps in with something under wraps.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"General Disarray, are your parents home?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,No.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Ah, I've done it, General Disarray. I've completed my most horrible deed to date."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,What?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"You know that big statue in the town square of pioneer John Wesley Powell? I snuck over there with a hacksaw and uh, and I cut off his head! [pulls the cover off and laughs maniacally] Hahahahaa, yeah!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Oh, uh..."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Hahaha, and they're probably just realizing that now! Quick! We must turn on the news! [turns on the TV]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"... but Hillary Clinton's ass just keeps getting bigger. [the image in the small box changes from Hillary to that of the decapitated statue] Also in the news tonight, a vandal has apparently cut off and stolen the head of the Powell statue in the South Park Town Square."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Look! Look! I've made the news! I-I've wreaked havoc!
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,The head was taken in the early morning hours and the police have no leads.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"I finally made the world sorry! I've brought sadness, a-and chaos!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"This act, of course, reminded us all of the time that Bart Simpson [a picture of him appears in the box] took the head of the Springfield statue in one of their classic episodes. Here's what some people had to say:"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Man 1,"Well, I, I think whoever took the head was... really just doing an homage to the Simpsons. [laughs] Heh, I think it's great."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,"Yes, it really made me reflect on that episode and laugh."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Man 2,"Well the Simpsons is such a great show, and we need reminders like this to keep us watching."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Oh. Uh-m, son of a bitch."
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"The police say that instead of looking for the missing head, they'd rather leave it off and be reminded of the Simpsons every day."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Well why didn't you tell me the Simpsons already did that?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"You seemed so proud, I didn't wanna bum you out."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[walks away hanging his head] Stupid Simpsons...
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. The boys watch TV on the sofa."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Terrance,"Hello there, Phillip. I brought you something."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Phillip,"Oh, what is it? [Terrance farts and Phillip comments, but the boys talk over him]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"See? We're just watching cartoons, like always. Nothing's changed."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Jesus Christ, she's dead!!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Stop it, Tweek! We're pretending like nothing happened."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Terrance,"Phillip, I think I may have accidentally killed Celine Dion."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Phillip,"[gasps] Killing is never an accident, you dickface! [farts, and the two of them crack up]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Oh jeez, change the channel."
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"And in other news, still no cause of death found for elementary school teacher Diane Choksondik. However, doctors say that during the autopsy they did find semen in her stomach. [there's a pause and the boys look aghast]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"They found the sea men! It's only a matter of time before they find the women, too!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,The autopsy is ongoing and cause of death is yet to be determined.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Oh God!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,We're dead!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Oh Jesus! [moves off the couch] That's it, man! I want nothing more to do with you guys!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Tweek! Where are you going?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"They're gonna find you out! Then when they do I don't wanna be within fifty feet of you! You're gonna fry, man!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, Tweek, you're in this just as much as we are!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,What?! I told you NOT to put the sea people in her coffee! I wasn't even there when you did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Yeah, but you're our new friend and that makes you cul.. p-piable!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"In fact, that makes you the most responsible. Tweek, you might have to take the fall on this one."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Rrrr-hr-hrrr!!!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Chef's house, night. The boys arrive at his house and ring the bell. He opens the door and sees them."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Oh, well, hello there, children."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Chef, we did something kind of bad."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,We don't know who else to talk to.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Ohh, I'm sure your little cracker problems ain't all that bad. Come on in. [the boys enter and Chef leads them to the sofa] Now, just sit down and take a deep breath and tell ol' Chef what's goin' on."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,[pause] We need you to promise not to tell anybody.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Now, children, every problem can be worked out. What was it?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,We... killed our teacher and they found our seamen in her stomach.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"...Oh, children, that's a problem we all have to face at one time or another. Here: let me sing you a little song that might cheer you up. Sometimes you kill your teacher and they find your semen in her stomach, and uh Wait! What the what?!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[beat] So what should we do? [Chef thinks, then goes and pushes the sofa towards the door and onto the entry path]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Wow, I guess this really is a big deal."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"We've only got one option, you guys. We're gonna have to go to that hospital where they're doing the autopsy and get our seamen back ourselves."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Gnaaahahahah! [pulls on his hair and looks at his fist] I pulled out my hair!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Dougie's house, night. In the living room Butters begins to pitch ideas."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Wokay, how about this, Dougie? [backs up to the easel. On it is the schematic to plan #123-D] I-I'm going' to pose as a real-estate agent and con everyone in town into buyin' a monorail. And then skip town with all their money. [Dougie just looks back] No?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,...Simpsons did it. They did it in episode 204.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Wokay [flips to the next page to show #124-A], then I'm goin' to start a Web site to spread vicious ru-rumors about everyone in town! And and then I'll take their-"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[flips to plan #129-E] I'll bury a skeleton wearing angel wings so that the townspeople will think a fallen angel has fallen-
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, night. Cartman leads the other boys into the coroner's office."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,This is it.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Alright, everyone scatter and look for the seamen. Tweek, stay by the door and keep a look out. If you see anybody coming, say the code word: Hammertime."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Hammertime? Can't the code word just be... ""lookout""? I won't remember ""Hammertime""!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[whispers] Ugh. [then] Just remember the song ""Can't Touch This"" and you'll remember the code word!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, stupid."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Oh, God. [the boys split up. Tweek goes to the door ajar and steps out, Kyle to a table to the right, Cartman to a table to the left, Stan to the supply closet. Cartman opens the doors under his table and looks around, then goes to Kyle's table to check out the drawers there.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,[takes a wide covered beaker and look in it] There's nothing here! [puts it back and Stan approaches]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Dude, it's probably still in her stomach. [Kyle approaches the corpse in the middle of the room and pulls back the cover. Ms. Choksondik's chest and abdomen have been cut open right down the front]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Is it her?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Yeah, it's Ms. Choksondik alright."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,What do we do now?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Just reach in there and get the seamen out of her stomach! [the boys look at him, shocked] Oh, God! You guys are such pussies! [starts digging around in the belly] Hemmm..."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,[voices are heard; he rushes back in] Erm! Hff. You gu-guys! Ha... Hamme- [covers his mouth] I can't remember uh-the code word!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Do you see the sea people.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"No, just a bunch of goo."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[hushed tones. Shadows appear down the hall and move towards the room] You guys! Um, dum dumdumdum, dumdum, dumdum. Can't touch this. Dum dumdumdum, dumdum, dumdum. Can't touch this."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Ms. Choksondik stinks inside. [covers his nose]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Yeah.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"[two people come down the hall] ...dumdum, dumdum. Can't touch this. Dum dumdumdum, dumdum, then stop. HAMMERTIME!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Aaah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Quick. Hide. [the boys disperse. Stan runs to the closet he looked in earlier, Kyle to one on the opposite side, Tweek behind the door]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Voice,"[outside] Yeah, well, at least we got Shannon Sharp back. [Cartman burrows his way into Ms. Choksondik's corpse]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Doctor 1,"Alright, let's just leave the semen sample next to the corpse; I wanna run a hair fiber test next. [snips a piece of hair off and turns around. They both walk back out]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Doctor 2,"Hey, do you smell children?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Doctor 1,"No, that's not... [voice fades. The doctors leave and the boys come out of their hiding places. Cartman is still in the corpse]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Got it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Let's go! [He, Kyle, and Tweek head out the door quickly. Cartman pops out of Ms. Choksondik's corpse gasping for air]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Butters house, later that night. Butters presents plan #127-C."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Bring the World Cup to South Park so the... a huge soccer riot can destroy the-
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[flips to plan #125-E] Take all the beer cans in South Park and have them shaken up in a huge mixer at the paint store so that-
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Episode 9F17 entitled ""So It's Come To This!"""
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[seethes for a few seconds] Fine! Then maybe I'll just forget about destroying the town and just run away and join the circus! [sits down next to Dougie]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,...Simpsons did it.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Dwaah!!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. In his room he takes the semen sample and pours it into his tank, tapping the rim of the tank so the semen can start moving. The semen slides into the tank and puts the lid back on."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"There. We just put the sea people back in the tank with the others, and nobody will ever know. [looks at his hands] The blood is washed neatly from our hands. [the door opens and Chef enters with a bunch of stuff.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Alright, children, I got you four tickets to Thailand [in his right hand, with a sports bag] and three hundred dollars cash [inside the suitcase in his left hand]. It's gonna be tough living for a while. You might have to do things for money you never thought of doin' before."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[stopping Chef] It's alright, Chef! We got our sea people out of the teacher's stomach and we put them back in their aquarium!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"[confused] ...Wait, what? Sea people?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,The sea people that we put in the teacher's coffee.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Uhh, maybe you'd better start from the beginning."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,Forty-three seconds later...
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,...and then we put them back in the tank.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"[drops the bag, suitcase, and tickets] Oohhh, children, you misunderstood. Sea people is different from se-men."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,It is?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Yes! That stuff that was in that vial didn't come from you, it came from someone else. [begins to chuckle] I thought you children took turns rapin' and then murdered the teacher. [laughs]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Well if they found somebody else's sea men in her stomach, maybe they'll find our sea people, too."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Relax, children, drinkin' some brine shrimp can't kill you. Your teacher must have died from something else."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Oh, really?? [all four boys let out a sigh of relief]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Egh! I'm so relieved. Gaah-ah-ah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Alright. You children have had a long night. Why don't we all get some rest and on Monday, I'll sing you a song explainin' the difference between semen and sea people. [picks up the stuff. The boys approach] Come on, children. I'll walk you all home. [the boys follow Chef out]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[turns and waves to Cartman] Okay. Goodnight, Cartman. [turns and exits. Kyle follows]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"G'night, guys."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"I'm so glad we're not murderers. [Cartman closes the door behind them, moves to his bed and talkes off his hat and shoes. He places his hat on a corner of the footboard and hops into bed]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[settling in] Ah, so great that everything is finally back to normal. [dozes off. The camera moves to the tank to look at the tank.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. Stan, Kyle, and Tweek stand at the bus station waiting for the bus."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,[rushes up] H'you guys! Come quick! [turns and runs off] You won't believe it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Oh no, what now? [the boys turn left and follow]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. He leads them to his room, to the tank."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Those sea men from the teacher's stomach somehow combined with the remaining sea people we had left in the tank and, ah, well LOOK! [the other three approach the tank. Cartman picks up the magnifying glass for a closer look]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Whoa. [the close-up reveals a budding civilization with sea people building multi-story apartments and reads. The brine shrimp have begun to morph into sea people. Some of them wear clothes]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,How? How did that happen?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"I've been up for hours doing some calculations, and I've come up with my final theory of composite dynamics. [brings out a small chalkboard with an equation written on it and points to the various parts of the equation] Sea people plus sea men equals sea ciety."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Whoa.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,They've already accomplished so much.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"They're like, bacteria. Small organisms live much faster lives and do things at a much faster rate."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"That's right, Tweek. And if my theory is correct, all we need to get is more of the two reacting agents, and we can really see them thrive. Tweek!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Hr!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"You go and send away for more sea people from the magazine ad! Get at least five gallons of them here stat! Stan and Kyle, you go find a bigger fish tank to put them all in."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Well what are you gonna do?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Me? [camera closes in on him] I'm gonna go out on the town and find ten gallons of sea men.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Dougie's room, day. Butters and Dougie are in costume. Between them is a contraption under a white sheet."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"I've done it, General Disarray. I've watched all one hundred and thirty-two episodes of the Simpsons, twice. And I've finally come up with something... tha they have never done! Uh, behold! [pulls the sheet off] This device that I have made will take the cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replace the inside instead, with two-month-old mayonnaise. [grins] People will think that they are gonna get a bite of a sweet, delicious cherry, but, instead, they'll get a mouth full of yuckies, and sticky mayonnaise. Hey! [begins to cackle. Dougie fiddles with the machine] You've never ...seen this on the Simpsons, right?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"No, I think the Simpsons would be more clever than that."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Good! Then l-let us take my machine outside and make society finally pay for sh-shunning us!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Announcer,"[a commercial for Cheesy-Poofs gives way to a Simpsons commercial] Tonight on the Simpsons: It's a laughorama when Bart builds a machine that takes the cherries out of chocolate-covered cherries and replaces them instead, with mayonnaise."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Nnno [turns and faces the TV], uh no, no, it can't be."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Uh oh, Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it! [a shot of the TV]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,No! No! [begins hallucinating]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,[now looking like Bart and no longer in costume] Simpsons did it! Simpsons did it!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Aaaaah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Don't have a cow, man."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Oh sweet Jesus!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Sperm Bank of South Park, day. Cartman hums as he approaches the door. He enters and walks down the hall. The tellers follow him with their eyes."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,Can I help you?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yes, my mommy told me this is where I could find some sea men?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,Your... mom told you?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Do you have them or not?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,"We... sell semen, yes, but not normally to children."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,What's your name?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Woman,Frances Velman.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Frances, let's talk. I don't want a bunch of bullcrap from you and you don't a bunch of bullcrap from me, right? Where does that get us? Nowhere. The truth is, I'm completely certified to handle sea men, and though I may appear young, I'm one of the leading sea men authorities of the Midwest. Up and comer, you know what I'm saying? I'll have my own business soon and I'll need people to run it. I'm talkin' about you, Frances. And I'm talkin' about a six-figure income. How does that sound? [she looks at him and rises, moving off to her left.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,"[goes to a refrigerator and pulls out a sample] Everything we supply here is by a quarter-ounce. [returns to the desk and gives it to Cartman] One donor, certified, on record."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[inspecting the vial] I see, very interesting. [pulls the cap off and pours the semen onto his left hand]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,What are you doing?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Takin' a look here. [pulls out a portable microscope and inspects the semen between his left thumb and index finger. He stretches and squishes the semen. Frances looks on puzzled] Seems like quality stuff you got here, Frances. Yeah, good texture, nice consistency. Sea men must be alive and healthy in there. I'll take five."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,Five? Vials?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"No, gallons."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Frances,Www-we don't have that much here.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Dammit! Give me all you've got, then! [the seminal fluid slides down on his fingers]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"South Park, in town. Butters runs from Dougie, who chases after him."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Aaah! Ah, Ah, Aaah! Nooo! Nooo!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Dougie,"Simpsons did it!! Simpsons did it!! [Butters runs past Tom's Rhinoplasty, but stops to look at the town. It warps into Springfield; Tom's Rhinoplasty becomes Wink-E Mart]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Waaaah! [starts to run again, and the school bus pulls up. Butters hails it down.] Hay! Uh let me on! Let me on! [the door opens and Butters steps on]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Ms. Crabtree,"[looking like Otto the driver, but still with bird in hair] SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[jumps backwards] Haaah! [ends up on his back on the sidewalk as the bus pulls away]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"[looking like Smithers] Butters, have you seen Mr. Hat?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"[looking like Dr. Hibbert] Hello there, children!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[runs back the other way] Aaah! Nooo! [Chef and Garrison look at each other]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,...What the hell's wrong with him?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, later. Stan looks at the aquarium and sees the civilization has developed further. Pyramids now appear. The sound of running water is in the background. Cut to Kyle filling a larger tank with a water hose.."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Look, the sea people have evolved to an Egyptian-like culture."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Soon they'll discover frozen food. Goh-ho.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[entering] That should be enough water, Kyle. You got the new sea-people packets, Tweek?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Uh-uh huh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Well, drop them in! [Tweek opens the packets and drops the contents in]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,And I've got the sea men. [raises a bowl of semen up to the tank and begins scooping the fluid into the tank.]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,"Wow. That's a lot of sea men you've got there, Cartman."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yeah, I bought all that I could at this bank, and then I got the rest from this guy Ralph in an alley."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,That's cool.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yeah, and the sweet thing is, this stupid asshole didn't even charge me money for it. He just made me close my eyes and suck it out of a hose. Heh. [scoops out the last of the semen] There we go. [drops the empty bowl]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"[hands Cartman the smaller tank] Okay, now let's put the sea ciety in its new home. [Cartman takes the tank and turns it over, pouring the sea ciety into the larger tank. Screams are heard from the sea people]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Nothin' to do now but wait.[the boys huddle around the new, larger tank.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,...Close your eyes and suck it out of a hose?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Uh-huh, suck it out of a hose, yeah."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,Hm.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Huh.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, next day. He's asleep, but begins to stir. His eyes open and he grins at what he sees. He hops off the bed and rushes to the tank. He looks here and there and finds a more advanced civilization in the tank."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Oh my God! The tiny underwater civilization has advanced hundreds of years. [grabs his magnifier and looks at the society. It now looks Roman. He begins to speak in wonder] Look! There's a library! A-and a temple! And a- who-? [spots a statue. It's one of him. Hundreds of sea people worship it] Oh. They think I'm God. [throws the magnifier away and rejoices] Yes!!! I am god of the sea people!!! You hear that?! [runs to his window, throws the doors open and screams out] I am god of the sea people!!! I am master of their great sunken empire!!! [his mom opens the door and takes some trash to the trash can next to the driveway] Mo-o-om! I'm god of the sea people!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Liane,"[returning to the house] That's nice, poopie. [enters and closes the door]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's sitting in the living room, which now takes the appearance of the Simpson living room."
The Simpsons Already Did It,News anchor,"[shown as Kent Brockman] And in other South Park News, elementary school teacher Ms. Choksondik's [Simpsonized] autopsy has shown that the semen in her stomach belongs to school counselor, Mr. Mackey. [also Simpsonized] However, the semen apparently did NOT contribute to the death, and so Mr. Mackey's identity is to remain anonymous. [Mackey's image becomes a silhouette and a question mark appears over it. Simpsonized Stan and Kyle enter the room.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,"Stan, Kyle",Hey Butters.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[spots their altered appearance] Haaa!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, what are you doing, man? Cartman says he has something really cool to show everybody. You've gotta come."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,Cartman?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[arrives, shown as Nelson] Ha ha! [Butters is just stunned.]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, whick now looks like a typical Springfield house, day. In Cartman's room, everyone but Butters is shown Simpsons-style. Present are Chef, Mr. Garrison, Liane, Tweek, Timmy, Stan, Kyle, Cartman, Dougie, and Butters. Cartman displays his new sea ciety."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Behold! You all see my tiny minions groveling at my likeness! I am Eric Cartman, god."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Hey. We paid for the sea people too. How come they're not making statues of us? [Butters looks on with some trepidation]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Be you not jealous, Jew. I am creator of all things, yea."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"That is very impressive, Eric. What do you intend to do with your underwater society?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"I'm gonna send a message to my people and tell 'em to develop a great machine that will shrink me down to their size, so I can live amongst them forever."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[sensing a chance to retort] Aha! Ahaha! Ahahahaha!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"What the hell is wrong with you, Butters?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"They did that on the Simpsons! Ha! Treehouse of Horror! Episode 4F02! The Genesis tub. Lisa loses a tooth, and the bacteria on it starts to grow, and makes a little society, and they build a statue of her thinking she's God! Ha! Hahaha!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"[everyone is silent for a few seconds, then] ...So?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,...Yeah. So?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Dude, the Simpsons have done everything already. Who cares?"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Yeah, and they've been on the air for like, thirteen years. Of course they've done everything."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"Every idea's been done, Butters, even before the Simpsons."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,"Yeah. In fact, that episode was a rip-off of a Twilight Zone episode."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,"Really? So I shouldn't care if I come up with an idea, and the Simpsons already did it. It... uh...doesn't... matter. [smiles. Everything before him is back in South Park-style] Everything is back to normal, a, I think... I think I can go back to tryin' to destroy the world again."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Chef,Good for you!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Yeah, that's great Butters. Now get the hell out of my room."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Butters,[heads for the door] I feel like a spring chicken. I'm ready to wreak havoc once again! [runs out of the room. Dougie stays behind]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,"Hey, look everybody! The other side of the aquarium is building another statue! [the others turn around to see. Shown is a statue of Tweek in progress]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Hey! It's Tweek.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,"Me?? Aw, man! I don't wanna be a god. That is waaay too much pressure."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"That is bullcrap! You'd better stop worshiping him, sea people! [small explosions are seen and the tank jumps]"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,What's going on now?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,The sea people from Cartman's side are suicide-bombing the buildings on Tweek's side.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,Gaaa-hah!
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Yeah! Go! [two more explosions are seen]
The Simpsons Already Did It,Tweek,NOW what's happening?
The Simpsons Already Did It,Stan,The sea people on Tweek's side just suicide-bombed the Cartman statue.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,"Oh God-damnit! [two missiles, one from behind each statue, fly towards the surface and back down towards their respective targets. The impacts both missiles create tear the tank apart and the sea people flood out of the tank. Screams are heard as they fall to the ground. Cartman is stunned, he looks and falls on his knees.] Oh no! Oh the humanity!"
The Simpsons Already Did It,Mr. Garrison,"Well it was a nice project while it lasted, boys."
The Simpsons Already Did It,Kyle,Yep. But I guess this proves that war is the natural order of life.
The Simpsons Already Did It,Cartman,Why can't societies just live in peace?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park Catholic Church, day. Organ music plays. Inside, Priest Maxi is at the pulpit speaking to the congregation."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Parents, it's that time of year again when the bishops and priests from around the country are organizing the Young Men's Catholic Retreat. This year, we're taking the boys on a weekend boat trip to discuss Jesus's role as the Navigator of our lives."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,That sounds pretty fun.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[pondering] A Catholic boat trip? [raises his left eyebrow and begins to daydream. He first sees a ship and disco music starts to play. What he imagines is ""The Catholic Boat,"" a television program about cruises on a luxury cruise ship.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Singer,The Catholic Boat's gonna be headin' on out today. The Catholic Boat. Time to throw all of your cares away. Get some hot Christian action; it'll make you-
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"As the song is sung, the show's logo appears: ""The Catholic Boat."" A pink anchor rises and ushers in the next scene: A happy Father Michaels stroking his chin. A second anchor, and Young Boy #1 (Butters) is shown. A third anchor and Father Williams appears. He pulls his shirt up to expose his chest. The fourth anchor, and Young Boy #2 (Tweek) is shown. The fifth anchor, and three priests, Fathers Abraham, Duncan, and Ortiz, are shown partying. Father Abraham falls over laughing. Father Duncan grabs Father Ortiz behind the head and pushes the head down... The sixth anchor, and Young Boy #3 (Stan) is shown. A priest's arm appears, running the index finger all over Stan's face..."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[snapping out of it] Waaah! Waaah! [stops. Everyone in church looks at him, including Priest Maxi] Uyah [coughs a few times and clears his throat] ahem. 'Scuse me."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park Catholic Church, day. Mass ends and the congregants go to their cars. A crowd gathers around Randy. The McCormicks are present."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Look, I just don't think it's the best idea to let our boys to go on a c-cruise with the priests."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"We can let them go, can we?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Linda,There's no way my son's going.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"A black SUV, nearby. Stan, Cartman and Tweek are in the back seat. Cartman looks out the closed window."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What are they talking about?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,I don't know.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Maybe they wanna kill us.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,Back to the crowd.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"With everything that's been in the news, I think it's best to keep our kids... far away from the priests."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stuart,"[dressed in fur-lined denim] Now, come on, everybody, just because a few priests in the country have been corrupted doesn't mean that all priests are child molesters."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"Well, sure, that's easy for you to say; your son's dead. But those of us with alive children need to be sure that Father Maxi's on the up-and-up."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,I've heard about other towns bringing in counselors that know how to find things out from kids without really telling them what's going on.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,It couldn't hurt.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"Uh, Sh-sh. Here he comes, here he comes. [all fall silent, then start whistling as Father Maxi passes by.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[stops to listen] Uh... Good-bye, everyone."
Red Hot Catholic Love,All,"[not all at once] Good-bye, Father. [resume whistling as Father Maxi walks off]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stephen,"Alright, then, it's settled. Tomorrow we'll find an outside counselor and... find out the truth."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, next day. The boys are chattering when a woman comes in and stands before them."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"Hi boys. My name is Ms. Gorache and I need to ask you a few questions about your priest, okaaay?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Boys,Okay.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,Okay. Would you say that Father Maxi is... nice? Or mean?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Boys,[separately] Nice.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"Um, cool."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"Okaaay, what words would you use to describe your church's priest? [long pause]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Butters,Compassionate.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"Okay. And did Father Maxi, at any time, ever try to put something in your butt? [long pause]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Ih... in our... butt?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"You don't need to be ashamed or embarrassed. Just, did he ever try to put anything in your butt?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,...Like ...money? What?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Butters,"You mean, like a goldfish?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Counselor,"No, no. Did he ever try to put anything that belonged to him in your butt?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Boys,[in unison] No.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"The Community Center, hallway. The parents wait for the counselor to finish talking with the boys."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Thomas,"This is ridiculous, havin' to sit out here waitin' to find out if our priest molested our kids."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Roger,"Yeah, what has Catholicism come to anyway?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[rising. The others on his bench rise with him] You know, I think we've just had it with the Church. All the horrible things they've done to kids, I... I think I'm gonna become an atheist!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,That's a good idea. I'm gonna be an atheist too.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Linda,Let's all be atheists!
Red Hot Catholic Love,All,"Yeah, yeah, alright."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Roger,"If there was a god, why would he let our kids be molested in the first place?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stephen,"Yeah, let's kill God, yeah!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Well uh, let's, let's just be atheists."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stephen,"[thinks a bit, then looks at Randy] ...Same thing."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,Yeah! [all clamor and charge out of the center]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park proper, on the curb. Stan, Cartman, and Tweek sit and think about stuff..."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What would the priest ...possibly want to put in our butts? [silence. Only birds are heard]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,[thinking] Maybe... No.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,[stopping by] Hey dudes.
Red Hot Catholic Love,"Stan, Cartman",Hey.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Arr!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,What are you guys doin'?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"We had to go meet with this counselor lady, and she asked us if the priest ever put anything in our butts."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,In your butts?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Yeah, isn't that the damnedest thing?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,Why would he put anything in your butts?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,We don't know. We're- that's what we're tryin' to figure out.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Hm.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,[joins them on the curb] Hm. [long pause]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Chef,"[stopping by] Hello there, children!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,Chef! What would a priest want to stick up my butt?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Chef,Good-bah! [leaves quickly]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Rrrh. Nobody is going to tell us. This is going to drive me insane!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"Calm down, Tweek. There has to be a rational explanation."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Aw, dude, I think I might have it."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[gets up and starts pacing] It makes perfect sense. Okay, w-work with me on this: if you eat food, you crap out your butt, right?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,Yeah.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Alright, now keep working with me here, it's getting a little complicated. If you eat food and crap out your butt, then maybe, if you stuck food in your butt, you crap out your mouth. [long pause] Hm?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"Cartman, that's the dumbest thing you've ever said - this week!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"What, that's not dumb. Think about it: food goes in the mouth, comes out the butt. Food goes in the butt, comes out the mouth. That's not dumb, that's genius."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,It wouldn't work!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Have you ever tried it?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,I don't need to. It wouldn't work.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,I bet you twenty bucks it'll work!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"You're on, fat boy!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Okay, let's go, Jew! [Cartman rushes off and Kyle follow. Stan and Tweek remain seated on the curb.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Parents,"[pass by in a crowd screaming] Yeah, yeah! Down with God! Down with God!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Stan, you're an atheist now!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"You too, Tweek!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Parents,"[moving on] Yeah, yeah! Down with God! Down with God!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,I'm a what??
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Diocesan headquarters, day. Sixteen priests are present in the boardroom, with Father Maxi presiding."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Fathers, I want to thank you all for coming."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 1,"[African-American] No, thank you for finally organizing an all-priests meeting, Father Maxi. I think we all agree something has to be done, quickly. [the other priests concur]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Elderly priest,"Well, I don't know how it's been for all of you, but attendance at my church in Fort Rawlins is down sixty-three percent! [pounds on the table for emphasis]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 2,I'm down almost seventy in Greenleaf.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Uh-yes, uh, I'm afraid if things keep going the way they are, we could lose our entire religion."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Elderly priest,"Yes, we've gotta stop these boys from goin' to the public!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Fat priest,They've gotta know to keep their mouths shut!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Other priests,"That's right, yeah."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Right, and so... wa- wait a minute. What?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 1,"Yes, but we've got to find out why these children are suddenly finding it necessary to report that they're being molested. Stop the problem at its source."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 2,"Yes, but how?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 3,[amid discussion] Something has to be done.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 4,We've got to stop this-
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[rising] Whoa, whoa, hold on a second! The problem is that children are being molested, not that they're reporting it! [all fall silent]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Elderly priest,How do you mean?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Well, I mean, obviously, what we need to put a stop to is all the sexual misconduct that is allowed to take place in our churches, and not just tell the children not to tell anybody about it. I mean, right?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 1,Well did any of the children you've molested come forward?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,No.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 1,"Well, that's good."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"No, I mean! I've never molested any of the children in my church!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Elderly priest,"Hih-it's okay, Father Maxi. We're all priests here; the doors are closed."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Oh for the love of God! Are you all saying that you've engaged in inappropriate relations with your altar boys? We are here to bring the light of God, not harm the innocent! [the other priests look at him and laugh] I'm serious!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest 2,"Father, uh, having sex with boys is part of the Catholic priest's way of life."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Other priests,"Yeah. [they continue to talk, but Father Maxi isn't listening...]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,Dear God. This problem is much more severe than I could have possibly imagined. I have to go to the Vatican and get help.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School, boys' bathroom, day. A group of fourth-grade boys gather around a toilet as Cartman stands before it trying to crap into it... with his mouth."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"Well, Cartman?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[turns to look at Kyle] Hold on! [turns back to the task at hand] God, let a man crap!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Craig,[entering] What's going on?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,Cartman shoved food up his ass and now he's tryin' to crap out his mouth.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Craig,Oh. [leaves]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"Well, go on, smartass, and do it!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"I'm doin' it already!! God, give me a minute!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"You've had five, dude!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[looking at the boys] I can't-, I can't do it with you guys watching. Turn around."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,No! Because you'll just crap out your butt and then say it came out of your mouth!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Ugh! Do you really think I'd be that deceitful, you guys?! [the other boys fix their gaze at him] Ugh, goddammit you guys, this is so seriously. [tries again. A few spasms later and a big log of crap comes out his mouth and into the toilet. All the boys are stunned, even Cartman.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,Get the fuck out of here!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[excited] Yes!! Yes, I DID IT!! I crapped out my mouth! [starts chanting] I crapped out my mo-outh! [walks over to Kyle] You owe me twenty bucks, dickface!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Vatican City, Italy. Father Maxi has made it to St. Peter's Square. He exits a taxi cab."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[to the driver] Well, there you go. Um, grazie. [the driver leaves, Father Maxi turns to walk to the Vatican] Wow, I'm actually here. Vatican City! [looks at the fountains on either side of the square. Inside the Vatican a choir sings softly in the background as Father Maxi awaits the pope. The room is full or prelates. The pope, hunched over and frail, approaches the altar with a group of bishops]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Your Holiness, this is Father Maxi from America. He has brought this all to our attention."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[kneels before the pope] Your Holiness. [kisses the ring and the pope moans a bit in pain. The cardinal helps the pope up to his chair, then turns and approaches the pulpit.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Adoramus te, Christe."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Other Cardinals,Et dominus...
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Cardinals, bishops, and priests, an American priest by the name of-a Maxi has brought to our attention the most troubling of news. All over his-a country there are reports of children being molested by men of the Church. If things continue this way, we'll never be able to have sex with young boys again! [the prelates react immediately, protesting the report]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,That's right-wait. What?
Red Hot Catholic Love,French cardinal,In France as well we are finding it harder and harder to... make love to our boys.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Moroccan cardinal,In Morocco they have arrested five of my priests. It's only a matter of time before they get the rest of us.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Father Maxi, what do you suggest we do to not get caught."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Not get caught? NO!! I, I think what we should do is not have sex with boys! [the prelates protest again]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,It is not written anywhere in the Holy Document of Vatican Law that sex with-a boys is wrong..
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Well, maybe we need to change the Holy Document of Vatican Law. [the prelates protest even louder]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,British cardinal,"Speaking on behalf of the British Catholics, it is obvious that the priest doesn't realize that the Holy Document of Vatican Law can not be changed!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,The Clergy,[more protests] Yeah! It cannot be changed! Yeah!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Gelgamek cardinal,"Yes, and speaking on behalf of the Gelgamek Catholics, I believe we should move on to other solutions to this problem. [the prelates protest even louder]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,Gelgameks?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Cartman walks alone to the front door and rings the doorbell. Kyle comes to answer it. He opens the door..."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Kyle, could you help me out? I need some advice. [puts his hands behind his back oh so modestly]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,What? [appears genuinely concerned]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"It's just that... I can't decide what to buy with your twenty dollars! [Kyle gets upset] I was thinking of getting this mega-man racer for $19.95, or I could get two Broncos trading packs for ten apiece. And then I thought- [Kyle shuts the door on him, looks, then turns around and walks away from the door. Cartman pops up outside a window waving the bill at him. Kyle turns, goes to the window, and lowers the blinds, then walks off]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Stan's house, dinner time. Sharon brings out hamburgers from the kitchen."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Oh boy, now that we're atheists we don't have to pray for our food."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,"That's right, everyone just dig in. [Grandpa takes a bite from his burger] So, kids, anything fun happen with your whole Sunday off?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"Uh, Cartman shoved his lunch up his ass and crapped out his mouth."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,Stanley! [Shelly isn't too pleased to hear that]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,What? He did.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Noho, it doesn't work that way, son."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,Yeah it does.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,No it doesn't.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"[firmly] Yeah. It does. [Randy looks at him angrily, then wonders if it could be...]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Stan's house, bedtime. Randy is in his pajamas kneeling before the toilet. He's now trying to crap out his mouth. After much effort, a log of crap comes out his mouth and into the toilet. Randy is stunned."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Honey! Honey, come quick!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"St. Peter's Square, day. Father Maxi is trying to get his point across."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Look, people! I'm just trying to say that if we don't change the Holy Document of Vatican Law, then we might lose everyone to atheism!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,French cardinal,"What exactly do you suggest we change, Father Maxi."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Well, for one, no sex with boys. [the prelates protest even louder]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Another cardinal,"The Holy Document of Vatican Law states that a priest, bishop, or cardinal cannot get married, so where are we to get our sex?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Uh well then, perhaps we could change the Holy Document of Vatican Law to say that... it's okay for a priest or bishop or cardinal to have sex... with women. [the prelates protest even louder]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,French cardinal,Women?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Gelgamek cardinal,The Gelgamek vagina is three feet wide and filled with razor-sharp teeth. Do you really expect us to have sex with them?!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Wuh- okay, m-maybe we just need to forget about the Gelgameks for a second and focus-"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Gelgamek cardinal,Forget about the Gelgameks?! [the other Gelgamek clergy protest loudly]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"I'm just saying, what works on planet Gelgamek isn't necessarily goin' ta work for the rest of us here, on Earth. You see? That's the problem we're having here."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,But-a the Holy Document of Vatican Law cannot be changed!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,Why not?!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Another cardinal,Because we don't know where it is.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"You see, Father, the Holy Document of Vatican Law has been hidden away deep in the Catacombs of-a St. Peter's below us. Hidden away so that it can never be changed."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,But if we locate it we can make changes to it?
Red Hot Catholic Love,A Bishop,"HA! Good luck, father! The document is guarded by water lizards, rattlesnakes and sand traps! The fools who have tried before to recover it met their deaths!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,Well we have to try. Our religion is dying!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Stan's house. He, Kyle, and Tweek watch television. The front door closes off screen."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[arriving] You guys! You guys! Look! [he's dressed in a bathrobe, swim trunks, and sandals]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Tweek,Harrr!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,I went down to the bank and got Kyle's twenty-dollar bill turned into twenty single-dollar bills.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,So?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"So? So now I can do this! [takes off his robe, throws the bills in the air, and rolls around in the floating bills.] Yeess! Yeess, Kyle's money! Mmmm, Kyle's money!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"[simmers quietly, then] Go fuck yourself, Cartman!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[luxuriating in the bills] Oh, it feels so good on my skin! Mmmm."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"[gets off the couch and confronts Cartman] Get up, fat boy! I'm gonna kick your ass!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"Gee Kyle, don't be a sore loser. It's over, okay? I won. Let it go."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,So you crapped out of your mouth! Good for you! It's still stupid and immature! [a news bulletin's music is heard]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,"Dude, look."
Red Hot Catholic Love,News anchor,"[the News 4 set is shown] Our top story tonight, the age-old question has been answered: if I put food up my ass, will I crap out my mouth? All over the country, people are discovering that, yes, in fact, you will. [a new picture pops up] The Surgeon General had this to say:"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Surgeon General,"And the uh immediate research shows that the act is not only amusing, but in fact much healthier for our bodies than the old way of eating. [stands next to a cut-away graphic of the human torso] You see, food entering through the anus has the benefit of being broken down on its way to the stomach rather than afterward. And therefore I believe that interorectogestion would actually put a stop to high cholesterol and most kinds of stomach cancers. And I base that on absolutely nothing."
Red Hot Catholic Love,News anchor,The Surgeon-General's response has made Americans change their eating habits almost instantly.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[with a solid retort] That's stupid and immature, Cartman!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"[moves closer to Cartman] It is stupid and immature! So you got people to crap out of their mouths! What do you want, a freakin' medal?!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,News anchor,"The Mayor of South Park has announced that for first discovering this healthy way of eating, young citizen [Cartman's picture appears] Eric Cartman will be given... a freaking medal."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"A kitchen set in a studio, day. An attractive woman is busy preparing a dish on the stove."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Announcer,"[a show logo appears...] Now, with more on ""Martha Stewart's Living"" [the logo disappears and the camera zooms in]."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Martha Stewart,"In the past few days we've all heard of the healthy benefits of interorectogestion, and so making food that can easily be inserted into the ass is essential. [begins to move to her left] Now, everyone knows that some foods are simple to shove up the ass - puddings, soups, raisins... this is a nice raisin pudding right here - but we can also still eat our favorite foods. What we're gonna do today is prepare a Thanksgiving turkey for interorecto. [reaches the turkey and stops] Now, the key to shoving a turkey up your ass is first wrapping it in string, keeping the pointy wings neatly at the side. [starts wrapping the turkey. Two FBI agents show up at the rear of the set]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,FBI agent,"Ms. Stewart, we have some questions."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Martha Stewart,"[starts wrapping faster] Not right now, I just wanna focus on my turkey, [softly] right now. [the agents withdraw. She finishes and lays the turkey down on a platter] Now, we're going to baste the turkey with lubricating gel rather than with juice - this'll help smooth the insertion later on. We still bake at four hundred degrees for twenty minutes a pound. [leaves that turkey alone and moves further left to a turkey fresh from the oven] When it's done we'll get something like this. [grins] So now we're ready to go. Looks delicious. Let's try it out. [takes the cooked turkey, moves to a clear area onstage, sets the platter down, stands the turkey up, moves into position, and sits on the turkey. Slowly, with grunts every few seconds, she eats the turkey with her butt] Aaaaa-... Yeah, get it up there. Yeah. AAAA. Yeeaahhhh. [one final heavy grunt, and a sigh of relief, then she stands up] Phew. And that is how you eat a turkey. [grins] We'll be right back with more. [grins, and exit music plays]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"The Catacombs under St. Peter's Basilica. Father Maxi, with torch in hand, walks down a hall past walls with writing on them. He descends some stairs and crosses a large room, stopping at a door behind which there is a brightly-lit room."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Old monk,[appears out of nowhere] Beoo!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[jumps back] Ahh, hello. Uh- My name is Father Maxi, from the United States."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Old monk,"What do you seek, Father?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,I... I'm trying to find the Holy Document of Vatican Law. ...So that we can make revisions to it.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Old monk,That Gospel... [turns around and faces the door] lies somewhere beyond this door. [turns around] But... many trials await thee inside! Only he whose heart truly belongs to the Lord shalla make it through.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"I have to try. Our religion is in trouble, and... and that scroll may be our only hope!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Old monk,"Then, prepare yourself. The time of trials begins. [turns and says to the door] Adoramus te, Christe! [the door becomes two doors, and they part to show the brilliant room. The old monk approaches Father Maxi] I wish you luck, Father. [moves to Father's left side and coaches him] Use all the strength, agility, and faith that you have."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Very well. Here we go. [enters and finds himself in a video game environment. He jumps over a hole in one screen, jumps on the heads of three alligators gingerly in the next screen, grabs at a rope and swings over a lake to the other side in the third screen. He reaches the fourth screen. A snake appears in the underground passageway beneath him] Hmmm, there's a ladder up here. [climbs down the ladder and sees the snake] Oh my God, a rattlesnake! [turns and runs past the ladder to the next screen, where another ladder awaits] A way back up! [climbs up and rushes out of there. He enters a secret chapel, having survived all the obstacles to get there. He's quite beaten up. The document sits on a lectern and is well-lit. Father Maxi sighs] I've made it! Praise be to God! He hath shown me the way! [approaches the document] This must be it. The Holy Document of Vatican Law. [picks it up and blows any dust from it.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Six sets of parents sit around the living room coffee table. Randy sits on the sofa with the Stotches. Above them hangs a banner with red letters on white fabric: ""SOUTHPARK ATHEISTS' CLUB""."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Well, Sharon and I are havin' a great time bein' atheist. I for one can't believe I used to live my life by what a very old and very fictional book used to say. [all laugh]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Linda,"Well it's true. I mean, what do a bunch of stories about people in robes slaughtering goats have to do with today's world?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,Atheism has definitely made our lives better.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,"[arrives with fresh food and a basket] I made some quesadillas, if anybody wants some."
Red Hot Catholic Love,All,Ooohh.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,"And if anybody needs to potty, there's a potty basket right here. [sets it down next to the coffee table]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"Oh thanks, Sharon."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Roger,"You know, for Martha and I, we're, we're worried we might have a hard time raising our son atheist. I mean- [the quesadillas appear, and he takes one] whoa, thank you -I mean, [rises and unzips his pants] it could end up being very difficult raising an atheist child in such a Christian society. [puts the quesadilla up to his butt and begins eating it. This causes him to grunt at times. Martha looks away] I feel that everywhere my poor son goes he's being persecuted for his beliefs. [finishes eating and zips up]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"That's true. If I'm gonna raise my son to be atheist, I don't want him saying ""under God"" every day at school. That could really damage him. ""Under God"" should be taken out of the- uh, 'scuse me. [turns aside, looks down, and opens his mouth] Moowwaaagh. [faces the group again and brushes off any remaining crap with his sweater sleeve] ""Under God"" should be taken out of the Pledge of Allegiance."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[amid the chatter] That's right, I agree. [the others quiet down] And it should be taken off of money as well. [gets angry] The religious right in this country is trying to force our children to believe what they bel- [reaches for the basket and craps into it] Bwwaaaagh [finishes and sets the basket down] And we can't let the religious right corrupt our kids."
Red Hot Catholic Love,All,"That's right, that's right."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"St. Peter's Basilica, day."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Cardinals, bishops and priests! Father Maxi has returned! And he has the Holy Document of-a Vatican Law! [the clergy ooohs and aaahs]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,British cardinal,How did he make it past the water lizards?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"[lifts the parchment over his head for all to see] Yes, I have returned with the Holy Document of Vatican Law, so can we PLEASE, change it now to say, ""It's NOT okay to have sex with boys""? [a shot of the clergy as the tapping of a staff is heard. It's the pope striking the ground with it.]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Wait wait-a, the pope-a wants-a to say something. [the cardinal approaches the pope and has words with him, then returns to the pulpit] The pope-a says we shall ask the highest source. [the clergy ooohs and aaahs. They begin to sway and chant, and the windows above brighten as beams of light flood in]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,[taken aback] Oh my. [a large screen-size area appears and a large creature rises from the depths]
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"The holy one! [arachnid legs appear] Behold the great Queen Spider! [sure enough, a spider some twenty feet tall appears]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,The clergy,Hail Queen Spider!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,[looking at the Italian cardinal] Queen Spider?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"O great Queen Spider, we seek a-your guidance."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Queen Spider,What do you ask of me?
Red Hot Catholic Love,British cardinal,"Great Queen Spider, we wish to change one of the Vatican rules."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Queen Spider,The Vatican rules cannot be changed. So saith the Spider.
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,"Go on, Priest Maxi. See if you can convince her."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Alright, that does it!!! I've had enough!!! You people have completely lost touch with the outside world! You sit in this big room with your Gelgameks and your Queen Spider, and none of it applies to what being a Catholic is all about!!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,A bishop,But the Holy Document of Vatican Law states that-
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"To hell with the Holy Document of Vatican Law!! [tears it in two, and the clergy gasps. The basilica begins to tremble and fall apart and the clergy start screaming in fear. Outside, the square itself begins to crumble]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The boys stand in front of Stan's house."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[rushes up] You guys, you guys! [drags a small inflatable wading pool behind him] I took Kyle's twenty dollars down to the bank again, and I got it changed into quarters!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,[irritated] So?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"So now I can dump them into this little pool and swim in them all day long! [picks up the bag of quarters and prepares to pour them in] Yeessss. Kyle's monneey. [the quarters start pouring in, and Cartman gloats]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"[approaches Cartman and tries a different tack] Cartman, there's something I need to tell you."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"O-hoo, what's that, Kyle?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"You were totally, one hundred percent right."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,Heh... [the smile vanishes] what?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Kyle,"You won the bet. You were totally accurate about being able to crap out your mouth, and I've just been frustrated because I didn't think of it first. I want you to enjoy that money because... you really impressed me with your insight and... I'm... proud to have you as a friend."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Cartman,"[taking time to figure out what that means...] You sonofabitch, Kyle!! I hate you!! [kicks the pool and it deflates. He walks away angry. Stan and Kyle grin at each other - they planned this change in tactics. The parents arrive cheering and hollering]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,A Man,"Yeah, the pope is gone!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Great news, Stan! The Vatican is burning down!"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Linda,Score one for us atheists!
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"Come on, Tweek! We're gonna watch it on TV! [the parents resume clamoring and move off]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Vatican City, day. The clergy mill around in the ruins of the Vatican."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Italian cardinal,Gone! It's all gone!
Red Hot Catholic Love,British cardinal,"Well, thanks a lot, Father Maxi. You've killed our religion."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"No I didn't! All that's dead are your stupid laws and rules! [the scene is being telecast] You've forgotten what being a Catholic is all about. [raises a Bible] This... book. You see, these are just stories. [the Marshes are gathered on the sofa to watch this. Grandpa is asleep in his wheelchair] Stories that are meant to help guide people in the right direction. Love your neighbor. Be a good person. [the Williams are watching] That's it! And when you start turning the stories into literal translations of hierarchies and power, well... Well, you end up with this. [shows off the ruins, and then the Queen Spider, then the Gelgameks] People are losing faith because they don't see how what you've turned the religion into applies to them! They've lost touch with any idea of any kind of religion, and when they have no mythology to try and live their lives by, well, they just start spewing a bunch of crap out of their mouths! [The Tweeks are watching. Richard seems to have crapped out of his mouth]"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Richard,"[pause, then looks up] ...What was that last bit?"
Red Hot Catholic Love,Priest Maxi,"Look, I, I'm proud to be a Catholic. But I'm a Catholic in the real world. In today's world! It's time for you all to do that, too. It is time... for change."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Scene Description,"Stan's house, after the telecast."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"[after a moment of reflection] He's right, Sharon. We don't have to believe every word of the Bible. They're just stories to help us to live by. We shouldn't toss away the lessons of the Bible just because some assholes in Italy screwed it up."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Sharon,"O Randy, I don't wanna put food up my butt anymore."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"Gang, I think maybe we, owe God an apology."
Red Hot Catholic Love,Stan,Does this mean we have to go to church on Sundays again?
Red Hot Catholic Love,Randy,"No. It means we get to, son. It means... we get to. [all of a sudden, one more piece of crap comes out his mouth]"
Free Hat,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day, inside. The four boys are seated in the front row in the nearly empty theater. A couple sits near the back, just three rows behind."
Free Hat,Stan,"Oh, cool. A preview. [the curtain goes up and the preview, for a PG-rated film, airs]"
Free Hat,Announcer,"Coming this summer [those words seem to approach the viewer], it's the classic film that changed America. E.T.: The Extraterrestrial, the new, redone version for 2002. [First, the classic shot of the kids flying across the sky with the moon in the background, then a shot of the kids taking off from the road. The police who are there to stop the kids have walkie-talkies in hand instead of guns.] All the E.T. effects have been digitally upgraded. [a shot of E.T. dressed in drag walking across a room] All the guns have been digitally changed to walkie-talkies. And the word ""TERRORIST"" has been changed to ""HIPPIE."""
Free Hat,Stan,"Aw, dude, why would they do that?"
Free Hat,Cartman,"Yeah, hippies and terrorists are the same thing."
Free Hat,Kyle,"No, dude. Spielberg changed ""terrorist"" to ""hippie"" to make E.T. more P.C."
Free Hat,Stan,That's gay. [next trailer airs. No rating seen]
Free Hat,Announcer,"Coming this summer, it's the motion picture that changed America. Saving Private Ryan, the RE-RE-RELEASE, where the word ""NAZI"" has been changed to ""PERSONS WITH POLITICAL DIFFERENCES,"" and all their guns have been replaced by walkie-talkies. [a shot of the landing at Normandy, in all its bloody glory, but all the guns are indeed walkie-talkies]"
Free Hat,Stan,Why the hell do these directors keep updating their movies?
Free Hat,Announcer,"And now, for your feature presentation: the classic RE-RE-RE-RELEASE of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back."
Free Hat,The Boys,Woohoo!
Free Hat,Announcer,"In this version, the word ""WOOKIE"" has been changed to ""HAIR CHALLENGED ANIMAL"" and the entire cast has been digitally replaced by Ewoks."
Free Hat,The Boys,"[first express shock, then anger] AWWWW!!! [they leave their seats.]"
Free Hat,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day, outside. The boys exit the theater."
Free Hat,Stan,"Goddamnit, that pisses me off!"
Free Hat,Cartman,"[they reach the ticket booth] Yeah, we want our money back!"
Free Hat,Ticket Operator,"Sorry, suckers! [quickly rolls the blinds down. The boys turn around]"
Free Hat,Cartman,You asshole! [turns around and catches up with the other boys]
Free Hat,Kyle,Why don't they leave those movies alone? We liked them the way they were!
Free Hat,Tweek,"Don't you see what this means? All our favorite movies are going to be changed, and updated, until we can't even recognize them anymore."
Free Hat,Stan,"Tweek is right. It isn't fair for those asshole directors to keep changing their movies and making them different! Movies are art, and art shouldn't be modified!"
Free Hat,Kyle,"Yeah, what if they had modified the Roman Coliseum every year? It would just be another big douchey stadium now."
Free Hat,Stan,We have to do something. Let's form a club.
Free Hat,Cartman,Yeah! We can form a club that takes food stamps from poor people and then sells them back to the government for a profit.
Free Hat,Stan,"No, fatass! I mean a club to protect films from their directors, so they can't be messed with!"
Free Hat,Kyle,"Yeah. We'll be the ""Save Films From Their Own Directors"" club."
Free Hat,"Cartman, Stan",Yeah.
Free Hat,Tweek,"NO! Nono, ah I don't wanna form a club! That's too much pressure! Look, ah-I'm supposed to take it easy; just, watch the clouds, sit on the grass. And, if we form a club there'll be responsibilites. Commitments!"
Free Hat,Cartman,"Tweek, now Goddamnit, we picked you to be our new friend to replace Kenny because we thought you were a team player!"
Free Hat,Tweek,I'm not! I'm not a team player!
Free Hat,Cartman,"Now, either you stop with these faggotronics or we'll find someone to replace YOU!"
Free Hat,Tweek,[giving in] D'oh-ho! Oh Jesus!
Free Hat,Scene Description,"South Park, later. The boys stand next to a phone pole and Stan nails a sign onto it. He finishes and backs up to have a good look at it."
Free Hat,Cartman,"Dude, that sign sucks! Nobody's gonna show up!"
Free Hat,Stan,Well what's wrong with it?
Free Hat,Cartman,"Look at it, dude. You're not offering any fabulous prizes. You have to offer fabulous prizes if you want people to show up for your stupid crap. Here. [takes the marker and adds the words ""FRee HAT"" at the very end.]"
Free Hat,Kyle,"""Free hat?"""
Free Hat,Cartman,"Yeah, if you offer free hats, m-maybe people will show up."
Free Hat,Tweek,But we don't have hats!
Free Hat,Cartman,Well we can just make them out of paper.
Free Hat,Tweek,Aahh!
Free Hat,Cartman,"It's not hard, it's just a stupid little paper hat. People just need free stuff - don't you guys know anything?!"
Free Hat,Tweek,"You see?? First we were just forming a club, now we have to make hats! When does it end??"
Free Hat,Stan,"Alright, let's go get the gymnasium ready. Tweek, you go make fifty hats. [walks off with Cartman and Kyle screen right]"
Free Hat,Tweek,Fifty hats? Oh Jesus! [runs off screen left]
Free Hat,Scene Description,"Tweek's house, later. He's at his desk in his room frantically making paper hats. His mug of coffee sits off to his left."
Free Hat,Tweek,Ah! I'll never make it! I'll never make it! [his father happens by and notices the commotion]
Free Hat,Richard,[approaching with his own mug] Tweek!
Free Hat,Tweek,[shrieks] Hrrr!
Free Hat,Richard,"Calm down, son. Remember what Dr. Norris told you. Find your center."
Free Hat,Tweek,"My center. My... center. [closes his eyes and cups his chest] Calm. [enters a state of meditation. Richard turns and leaves, his cup stays] Puppies. [he finds himself sitting in the Lotus position by the side of a serene stream in a lovely meadow. All kinds of animals frolic around him, and a small Buddhist temple sits in the background]"
Free Hat,Cartman,[enormous face appearing over the clouds] Tweek! [brushes the clouds away with his hands] TWEEK!! [Tweek opens his eyes] TWEEK!!
Free Hat,Tweek,[comes out of his meditation] Gaaaaah!
Free Hat,Cartman,How many hats have you made?
Free Hat,Tweek,Oh God!
Free Hat,Cartman,We only have until 10 a.m. tomorrow! [slaps him hard across the back.] Get the lead out!
Free Hat,Tweek,"Aaaah! Oh God! [Cartman turns and walks out, a rattled Tweek resumes making the hats.]"
Free Hat,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gymnasium, next day. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman stand outside the doors waiting for Tweek, who rushes up to them with a box of hats. A poster behind them seems to have fallen off the wall."
Free Hat,Tweek,"You guys, we have a big problem!"
Free Hat,Stan,What?
Free Hat,Tweek,"I was up, all night, making hats. I only slept for an hour, ...and then I dreamt about making hats, but I only made fifteen!"
Free Hat,Kyle,"Calm down, Tweek. Fifteen might be enough."
Free Hat,Stan,"Yeah, let's see if anyone has even shown up yet. [turns and opens the door, then peeks in. The place is packed. All the bleachers are filled, and there are five rows of people standing on the gym floor. He backs out, closes the door, and turns to his friends] Dude, there's like a thousand people in there!"
Free Hat,Tweek,A thousand? [freaks out] Oh Jesus man! I don't have nearly a thousand hats!
Free Hat,Cartman,"They're gonna kick your ass, Tweek!"
Free Hat,Tweek,Goohoo!
Free Hat,Kyle,"[steps forward] Tweek! It's okay. Look, maybe these people all turned out because they believe in saving films. Maybe they don't even care about the free hats."
Free Hat,Crowd,"[from inside the gym] Free hat! [Kyle turns right, then left, not believing what he's hearing. Tweek's jaw drops] Free hat! Free hat!"
Free Hat,Tweek,"[""Free hat!""] Oh God!"
Free Hat,Cartman,"[""Free hat! Free hat! Free hat! Free hat!""] I told you guys: never underestimate the power of a free hat."
Free Hat,Crowd,Free hat! Free hat!
Free Hat,Tweek,"I gotta move away, you guys!"
Free Hat,Stan,"Relax, Tweek, we're just gonna have to go in there and explain what happened. There are more important things right now than free hats."
Free Hat,Scene Description,"The school gym, inside. The crowd jumps up and cheers as the four boys enter and climb onstage. Some of the signs they hold read ""FREE HAT,"" ""FREEDOM FOR HAT NOW!,"" and ""HAT DIDN'T DO IT""."
Free Hat,Stan,"[takes the mic] Okay, uh, we wanna thank you all for coming. We're really happy to see such enthusiasm for our cause."
Free Hat,Crowd,Yeah! Yeah!
Free Hat,Stan,"Uh, one thing before I continue. Unfortunately we don't have enough of the... free hats for everyone. [the cheering dies down and a voice pipes up]"
Free Hat,Skeeter,Eh- Excuse me?
Free Hat,Cartman,"[takes the mic] Yes, we apologize, but our friend Tweek here didn't make enough of them."
Free Hat,Tweek,Oh! Jesus! Don't tell them it was me!
Free Hat,Woman,[a blonde] We don't care about that.
Free Hat,Tweek,You don't?
Free Hat,Stan,"You mean, you just came because you believe in our cause?"
Free Hat,Skeeter,Yeah. Free Hat.
Free Hat,Tweek,What?
Free Hat,Man,"Hat McCullough. He was sent to prison in '82, and we believe he should be released!"
Free Hat,Man 2,Yeah!
Free Hat,Crowd,Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat!
Free Hat,Stan,"Aaaah, [""Free Ha-""], okay apparently there's been a bit of a misunderstanding. This is a rally to save films from their directors? [the crowd stops moving]"
Free Hat,Man,To do what?
Free Hat,Kyle,We believe that films are pieces of art that must be preserved from the perverse hands of their agent filmmakers...
Free Hat,Skeeter,"Oh. Sorry. Um, come on, everyone, guess we're in the wrong place. [the crowd breaks up and exits]"
Free Hat,Crowd,Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat!
Free Hat,Stan,"Waitwaitwaitwait! [the crowd stops] Don't you see what's happening out there? The films you all grew up with, that touched YOUR lives and are part of YOUR soul are now being updated and changed. Join us and we CAN be a group that makes a difference!"
Free Hat,Skeeter,Can't we also work towards freeing Hat?
Free Hat,Stan,"Uh, sure, and we'll also try to free Hat."
Free Hat,Some people,Oh yeeaahhh!! Raaaaah!! Woohoo!!
Free Hat,Crowd,Free Hat! Free Hat! Free Hat!
Free Hat,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman sit at the dining room table, with Stan counting the sign-ups."
Free Hat,Stan,"...212, 213, 214 members!"
Free Hat,Tweek,"[barges in through the front door] You guys! You guys! Oh God! Um, I've got terrible news!"
Free Hat,Kyle,What?
Free Hat,Tweek,Ted Koppel wants us to appear on Nightline to talk about our cause.
Free Hat,Stan,Really? That's great.
Free Hat,Kyle,Yah.
Free Hat,Tweek,"No it isn't, man! Thahat's waaay too much pressure!"
Free Hat,Stan,"If we go on Nightline, the whole country can hear about what's happening to our classic films."
Free Hat,Cartman,But just remember that I do all the talking.
Free Hat,Kyle,You?? Why?
