Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Fine, Kyle! You asked for it! Hee-at! [closes his eyes and starts making sound effects and hand motions. The boys behind Kyle except Stan and Kenny scatter, and the detectives spot him as they enter the school.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"There he is! Hey, Eric! Eric! [they approach him, he turns around] We've got a little problem."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,What?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"While the ice-cream store owner was in jail, another murder was committed."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,This body also had a missing hand and a bowl of corn flakes next to it!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Which can only mean one thing!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,Ha! You see?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,That a copycat killer is on the loose! We need your psychic abilities to catch this new guy right away!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,What?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,We'll pay you up front this time! We've gotta catch this new guy before he kills again.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,I'm afraid that my powers... are not for sale. ...And by that I mean they absolutely are for sale. Let's go!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,Field report.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Chris Swollenballs,"Tom, I'm standing in a meadow just outside of town, where police have discovered the first victim of the serial copycat killer. Child wunderkind Eric Cartman is now arriving on the scene. [Cartman approaches the body, which is covered with a red blanket]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,The crime scene.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,This is fuckin' ridiculous!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Lou,"Whattaya got, wunderkind? Are ya seeing anything?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,No. Nothing.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 5,Maybe his powers have left him.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 6,Yeah.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Wait a minute. [his right arm twitches and he sees a bucket of chicken, then sees some chicken served next to the powdered doughnuts he saw earlier. His eyes are squeezed tight.] Fried chicken! It's tender and it's fresh! [sees some syrup poured onto the chicken] There's maple syrup... Maple syrup's being put on the chicken!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,What the hell is wrong with these people?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"[in robe and cap] They're never gonna catch the serial killer. He's too smart. Do you want to see my cotton panties? [whips open his robe to reveal himself dressed in a yellow bikini. The boys look on, a little afraid]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,Hey! What about this guy?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Quiet! He's havin' a vision!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"It is fried chicken! [first he sees a plate of fried chicken, then the maple syrup, then some whipped cream, then some chocolate syrup, then a cherry on top...] Oh my God. It's a fried chicken sundae."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Weird Man,"[brings out a mannequin torso and head and strikes up a conversation with it] ""Junior, what are you doing out?"" I'm sorry, Mother. ""You come home right now and have sex with me!"" No, Mommy! [goes away]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"Hey, uh, does anyone know who that guy is?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Lou,"I said quiet, you little brat, or I'll have you arrested for interfering with the law!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,The News 4 logo and screen come up on a TV.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Announcer,"This is Park County News 4, with your host, Jim Brown-ish"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Jim Brown-ish,"The copycat killer of the cut-off-the-left-hand killer has been arrested. Police used the help of Eric Cartman, a wunderkind psychic detective. At the crime scene, the young psychic had visions flash before his mind, and the police immediately arrested the owner of Kentucky Fried Chicken. The young man's visions were so astounding that other police departments have sought out his help."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's in his room counting the money he's made from his psychic work."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"If I'm happy and I know it, clap my hands. If I'm happy and I know it, clap my hands. [someone knocks on his door, then the door opens]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Eric, sweetie, there's um, some people here to see you."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"More people need to make use of my phenomenal gifts, huh? Ahhh, it's so very tiring."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Ah, no, these people claim that they are the ""real"" psychic detectives. [Cartman stops counting money and freezes]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Living room, moments later. Liane and Cartman enter."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,"So, you are the little boy who's been taking all our work?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Oooh, I'll go make some tea."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Male Psychic 1,"Kid, we have a problem. You didn't go through the proper channels to become a psychic detective like we all did."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Other psychics,Yeah!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,Proper channels?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Male Psychic 2,You were supposed to fill out the form on the back of the comic book and pay the twenty five dollar fee for the degree from the Psychic Detective School. [shows the ad in question. Looks nice]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,I was given my gift from a tragic accident. I didn't need to go to Psychic Detective School.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Male Psychic 1,"Well you just can't say you're a psychic detective, you have to use the ad in the comic book!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,You must pay the twenty five dollar fee and give us ten percent of your earnings!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"[laughs at them] Ten percent, my balls, get lost!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,"Very well, then you give us no choice. Roger?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Roger steps out from behind the sofa and prepares to battle Cartman psychically. Cartman simply observes, then responds. He and Roger ""battle"" with sound effects and hand gestures."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,"All right, everyone! [the rest of the psychics join in the battle against Cartman. Liane returns with the tea.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,"Oh, goodness! What's going on?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Stand back, mother! We're having a telekinetic battle of minds!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,O-o-o-o-oh! [prostrates herself]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,Enough! [one male psychic is slow to respond] We are ...obviously quite evenly matched. I guess this will have to be settled in court.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,In court?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,We brought a class-action lawsuit against you! We'll see you before the judge tomorrow! [the psychics turn and walk out]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Liane,Is it over? [the front door closes after the last psychic leaves]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"A camera shutter is heard and a picture of Ms. Crabtree appears, with blood next to her left cheek. Her left hand is missing. A detective continues taking pictures."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"[reading from a fact sheet] Her name is... Veronica Crabtree, bus driver for the elementary school. She was considered an ancillary character, one the fans wouldn't miss much."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Jesus Christ! Cause of death?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"Same M.O., sir. Multiple stab wounds, left hand cut off and missing."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"So you're telling me somebody new is now copying the crimes of the copycat killer?! Jesus! Where will it end?! [goes to a nearby tree to think] Every time I put a killer behind bars, another guy just steps in and takes his place! What am I doing wrong?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"[arriving with Stan and Kenny] Excuse me, sir? I think I know who did this. We saw this guy at the last crime scene, and, and you know how serial killers sometimes return to the scene of the crime? Well, I followed this guy to his house, and when he left again, I collected some fingerprints and did a blood-sample analysis. [holds out his findings] I'm pretty sure he's your man."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Lou,[coolly] How do you know?! Are you psychic?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,No.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Lou,"Look, kid, don't waste my time with your blood-sampling fingerprinty hocus-pocus! I have to find this new killer now! I owe it to that victim over there! I know she hadn't been in any recent episodes, but dammit she deserved better than this! Come on, Murph, we've gotta talk to Eric Cartman again! [leaves with Murphy]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,Why won't anybody listen to me?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kenny,"[pats Kyle on the shoulder] (Don't take it personally, Kyle.)"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"[shrugs Kenny off] I am taking it personally because Cartman is a retard! Just because he hit his head and went into a coma doesn't mean he's a- Wait, that's it. If I want people to listen to me, I just have to be as stupid as Cartman."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, later. Kyle is standing at the edge of the roof at the side of his house, sporting his own cardboard wings."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,"Dude, I really don't think that's a good idea!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Token,There has to be another way!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,Be sure to take me to the same hospital!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Butters,"Now Kyle, don't fly too close to the sun, or it'll burn your wings, an- and you'll crash into the ocean."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,"[under his breath] Butters, Goddammit."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"All right, here we go. [spreads his wings] Since the days of Copernicus, man has dreamed of flight. On this historic day we remem- aw, screw it! [jumps off and lands on the ground below]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Stan,"[a few moments later, sighs] Call an ambulance."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Channel 4 News. A picture of handcuffs is shown, with ""ARRESTS MADE"" above it."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Jim Brown-ish,"Multiple arrests were made today for the murder of Hillary Neals. Police raided the South Park Motel 6 at 4 a.m., where seven psychic detectives were staying. [footage of the arrests is shown. Two of them are beaten, a third is slammed against a squad car until the side of her head begins to bleed, and a fourth holds police at bay. He tries to fight them with his powers, but they simply open fire and kill him where he stands] The psychic detectives' horrible crime was found out by psychic detective Eric Cartman, [shown in dramatic pose with psychic waves emanating from his forehead] who is now the only psychic not behind bars. What an amazing coincidence."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,Cartman watches the news from the sofa in the living room at his house.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Cool. [the doorbell rings and Cartman concentrates] Ah, Kyle is at the door. Come in, Kyle! [the door opens and the weird man from the crime scenes enters and approaches Cartman] Who are you?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"You. You give everyone else credit for my work, because you fail to see my greatness."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,... 'Kay. Sweet.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"Because of you, nobody knows the extent of my deeds."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Oh yeah. Awesome. Hold on, just a second. [hops off the sofa, walks away a bit, and calls out] Mom, there's some homeless guy here. Make him go away. [the weird man quickly advances and smothers Cartman's face with a cloth, making Cartman inhale chloroform. Cartman passes out.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,Next scene is an unknown place. Cartman is strapped down to a wheelchair. He awakens and struggles a bit.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Hey. Hey, what's goin' on?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,You are obviously a big fan of my work.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,I don't even know you dude!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,But I am the serial killer! The one whose rightful place in history you have smirched!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"And now you will have a place of honor, as my nineteenth victim."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"No! No, you don't wanna kill me. Please, I'll give you anything you want!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"Before you die, let me show you the things that I've done, so you will understand the breadth of my transformation! [starts up a slideshow projector] This... is me at the grand canyon. [shows a shot of him there] Do you see? This is me at Mount Rushmore [the next picture is shown, with him looking lovingly at the faces there] Do you see?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,[nervously] Heheh.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,Do you see?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Yes yes, I see! [another Mount Rushmore picture is shown, with the man looking at the camera this time]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"Here I am at the Alamo in San Antonio. [this time he looks psychotic, with his hands ready to grab something] This was just outside of the gift shop. Do you see?!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,AAAAAAAH!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,[hangs up the phone] Dammit! Dammit all to hell! They just found another body! That means a fifth copycat killer is on the loose! Where's my psychic?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female Detective,"Sorry, Sarge, the psychic's mom says her son hasn't been home for a couple of hours."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Officer 7,"Sir! Dr. Kels just called from the hospital! He says another little boy just awoke from a coma, and is having psychic visions!"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,[grabs his hat] Let's go! [other officers follow]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, later. Dr. Doctor leads them into the recovery room."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,"This is the young man here. He was in a coma for over sixteen hours. [a shot of Kyle with a bandage around his head. He too has a face warmer on, but no black eye like Cartman had]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Doctor, could you remove his face warmer? We'd like to speak with him."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Dr. Doctor,Of course. Nurse? [a brunette approaches and removes the warmer. Sgt. Lou and Det. Murphy approach the bed]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Young man, the doctor said you've had some... visions about our newest murder?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"I see... a man... with a baseball cap. [Sgt. Lou snaps his fingers and Det. Murphy whips out a notepad and pen and starts taking notes. Kyle concentrates] He's killing now... Oh! I'm seeing it all flash before my eyes! The guy's name is Michael Deets, and he lives at 621 Castillo Street. He's usually there between seven and eleven p.m."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"What do you think, Mitch?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"I don't know. How do we know this kid is really psychic? I mean, this boy is certainly no Eric Cartman. [Kyle clenches his teeth in rage]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"All right, we'll check this Deets guy out. But let's use that one thing that we never use."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,...Sir?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"You know, what's that one thing that starts with an R that we never use?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,...Restraint?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Yeah, yeah, restraint. We'll check this guy out, but let's use some restraint. [they leave]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,Michael Deets' basement. He's still showing Cartman his slides.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,Look! Look at the things I've done! Here I am at Yellowstone National Park! [shows off the picture] Do you see?! Here are pictures of my trip to Cheyenne for Frontier Days. Do you see?!
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Oh, God! I'm so bored! Somebody help me! [the doorbell is heard. The two detectives are outside, Yates ringing the doorbell. Michael Deets opens the door]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Good evening, sir. We're Park County detectives. We were just wondering if we could take a quick look around your house, Misterrr..."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,God.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Well, Mr. God, it won't take but a second; it might help us with an investigation. [he shows them in. The house is dark, with stacks of paper everywhere. Pictures of his victims line the walls. Downstairs, Cartman tries to get attention.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,(Hey! Come over here!)
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"I see you like cutting the eyes out of photos of women. My son is a big fan of that, too."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Sarge! In here! [Lou runs into the next room. They both face a wall of left hands nailed in place]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Jesus H.... That boy was right! Arrest that guy! [Murphy gets right on it. Yates thinks about the hands] Whoa-whoa-wait-wait-hey-wait-wait-yo! Oh, wait a minute, no ah, I'm wrong."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Sir?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,This isn't the guy. The serial killer always cuts off the victims' left hands.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Right.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Well those aren't left hands. [holds up his own left hand, palm in] See, on your left hand, the thumb faces to the left. Those are all right hands."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Ohhh. [they return to the living room]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Nope, this isn't our man. [they turn to leave the house and see Michael Deets in the shadows] We're sorry, Mr. God. It appears we've wasted your time. [they head out]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"[in the basement] (Hey! Help!) [upstairs, Mr. Deets closes the front door]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"Heh, pretty amazing coincidence that guy had a bunch of hands on his wall. Heh, no wonder that boy thought he was a killer."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,[stops and thinks] Yeah... Amazing coincidence...
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,[backs up] Heh- sir?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Call it police intuition, but somethin' in there just didn't feel right. [thinks for several seconds] Wait a minute."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Sarge... [Lou slowly raises his hand palm in and analyzes it. Then he turns his hand over slowly until the palm is out and is jolted with recognition] What is it?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,I'm not sure. I'm gonna have to run some tests. [runs off to do just that]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, night. Montage. Yates types away at his computer, then analyzes his left hand again, then returns to the keyboard. He then goes to the lab and looks over his notes. Next to him are two hands, one right and one left. He rotates the right hand so both thumbs point to the left, from his POV, then takes more notes. He develops some pictures in the darkroom and finds matching hands. He works with a 3D model drawing with another computer, then traces his left hand on a wall and takes measurements. He returns to the lab and works with some chemicals. Next he chops some firewood into smaller chunks. Next he's at a gym jumping rope. Next he's at a beach far from South Park playing volleyball with some women. Next he's repairing the body of a car with a welding torch..."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"[back at the station, looks in on Murphy] Murphy, do you remember what I was supposed to be doing?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,"Oh. Uhhh... Oh. Something about hands, sir? Uh, for the serial killer?"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,[snaps his fingers] Oh right! The hands! Right! [the montage resumes]
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Again he goes to his computer and types away then he's back at the lab taking pictures of the two fake hands there, then makes silhouettes of a dog, then models another hand in the computer and gets a match."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,Oh my God. Murphy! [Murphy appears quickly.] You're not gonna believe this.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Michael Deets house, basement. Michael Deets has resumed showing his pictures to Cartman. A picture of him at Ocean World's Splash Zone is shown, then a blank. He turns the projector off."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,"That's it, no more pictures. [walks in front of Cartman and faces him, then pulls out a sharp knife] Time to die."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"No, please! I'm sorry I gave other people credit for your killings. Ahah, it was, it was very wrong for me to lie about the other psychics and get them arrested."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Michael Deets,Your hand will be one with the others.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,"Please just let me go! Ah, I'm gonna tell everyone I'm not really psychic! I've learned my lesson! Please, I don't wanna- [spots the detectives descend the stairs and approach the room] I don't wanna have to use my psychic mind missile on you! [begins to concentrate and make noises]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Hold it right there, killer! [Michael Deets turns and rushes at them with the knife. Yates fires three shots into him, killing him. The detectives advance, and Yates fires a forth shot into the body, looks around, and fires a fifth shot, getting blood splattered on himself]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,You got here just in time. He was gonna kill me because he was insanely jealous of my incredible psychic ability.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. The detectives, the psychics, Mr. Johansen, Dr. Docter, Cartman, Stan, and Kenny are present."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"Well young man, you did an amazing thing. Not only did your psychic visions help us catch the killer, but a lot of innocent people are out of jail."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Tom Johansen,"Yes, thank you very much, Kyle."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,"Yes, thanks."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,You're certainly a better psychic then Eric.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"No, don't you see? Cartman never had psychic visions. And neither do these people. The plain simple truth is that nobody is psychic. There's a logical explanation for every psychic story you've ever heard."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Murphy,Do you think that's true?
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Yates,"It must be true. The kid is psychic. [thinks a moment] But I don't suppose it really matters much. Because in the end, the way I caught the killer was with... good old-fashioned police work. Come on, Murphy. [they leave the room and then the hospital]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Female psychic,"[addressing Cartman] Well young man, I guess that just leaves one score to settle."
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Cartman,You can't hurt me.
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Male psychic,"Then let this be our final battle! [the psychics face Cartman once again and battle him with their power. Nothing happens, but there's a lot of noise.]"
Cartman's Incredible Gift,Kyle,"[irritated] Just stop it! [at the top of his lungs] Stoop iiit!! [the lights go out as the bulbs shatter, then the shelf above his bed falls and everything on it hits the floor. The psychics and Cartman stop their battle and witness all this] There's a logical explanation for that."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"A panoramic view of South Park, day. Holiday music is heard in the background, and the scenes are played out as the narrator mentions them."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"Way up in the mountains in a small little town, The Main Street was being decorated all up and down. People stood in long lines, sometimes waiting hours or more, Because Christmas needs to be bought in a store. But out in the forest, not too far away..."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,A nearby forest. The camera pans down from the sky and rest upon a Christmas tree. Forest animals gather round and decorate it.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,...The little woodland critters were also preparing for their Christmas Day.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Woodland Critters,"It's almost time when the time is here, The time that's only once a year. We can hardly wait, 'cause it's so near. A Woodland Critter Christmas!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"The little critters worked hard as they happily sang, And each one of them had a quite interesting name. There was Squirrely the squirrel, Rabbity the rabbit, Beavery the beaver, and Beary the bear. Porcupiney the porcupine, Skunky the skunk, Foxy the fox, and Deery the deer. Woodpeckery the woodpecker, Mousey the mouse, and Chickadee-y the chickadee, all made the forest their house. And on that magical day, stumbling upon all of that, was a surprised little boy, in a red poofball hat."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,[walks by with a sled] What the hell?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Singer,Christmastime is once a year Every critter holds it dear Every animal big or small Christmas means so much to us all
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The forest. The critters approach Stan.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Rabbity,"Well, hello there. Welcome to our forest."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,How do you like our Christmas tree?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,It's... nice.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"Why, it's the most perfect tree in the forest! [the others cheer]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,"Oh no, I see a problem."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,"What is it, Mousey?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,Our Christmas tree doesn't have a star!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Awww.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,We can't have a tree with no star on it.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Rabbity,What are we gonna do?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"Now don't be down, y'all. Maybe our new friend can help us find a star."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,[among other things] Can you really? Oh would you please? Could you help us?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Okay, okay."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,[cheering] Yay!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"And so, using some paper and working with glee, the boy in the red poofball hat made a star for the tree."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Ohhhh!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,It's the nicest star I ever saw.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,The little critters cheered and Beavery said with a smile...
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,How would you like to sing and dance with us for a while?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,The boy in the red poofball hat smiled and said...
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[doesn't smile] Uh, no thanks, I'm gonna go home. [turns around, picks up the reins on his sled and walks off]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,Goo- goodbye Stanny!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"Goodbye, Stanny! Bye! Cya! I'll buy your hat!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Woof.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's bedroom, night. He's asleep in bed, but wakes up, turns over, and turns on his light."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"Hi, Stanny!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Oh, whatta? [squeezes his eyelids shut]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,His friends were all there! What a wonderful surprise! The little boy smiled with joy in his eyes!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[irritated, grabs his clock] What time is it?!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"You aren't gonna believe what happened, Stanny. It's the most magical Christmas gift ever!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,Porcupiney is pregnant!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[sighs] You guys, I have to go to school tomorrow."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,I deduce the man-boy doesn't understand the seriousness of the fertilization.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,"Porcupiney is a virgin, Stanny. Her conception was immaculate."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Foxy,She's gonna give birth to our Lord and Savior.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,...What?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Porcupiney,It has been foretold unto me that I would give birth on Christmas Day.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,So soon!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,How delightful!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Woodpeckery,Our souls are saved!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,"Finally the critters are gonna have a Savior of their very own, of their very own! [they all cheer]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,[hops onto Stan's bed] There's just one problem: We don't have a manger for our Savior to be born in.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Awwww.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,But we got to have a manger.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Rabbity,"Can you do it, Stan. Can you build us a manger? Huh?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,(Cheers)
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"""Of course I'll build you a little manger!"" the little boy cried, and he winked at his critter friends and leapt to their side!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The forest. Stan has built the manger and is hammering the last few nails in place.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"And out in the woods the boy steamed right ahead, making a place for the critter babe to lay its sweet head."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Rabbity,"Gee whiz, if it isn't the nicest manger I ever saw."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,"I deduce it shall serve as a perfectly suitable resting place, for the Son of our Lord."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Raccoony,Does this mean we can go to sleep now?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Porcupiney,My son will have the nicest bed in all the forest.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Woodpeckery,Fit for a king!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,This is going to be the best critter Christmas ever!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Woodland Critters,"It's almost time when the time is here, The time that's only once a year. We can hardly wait, 'cause it's so near --"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[as they sing] All right, I'm going now. [He ambles off. A roar is heard nearby. All stop and look. The critters scream.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"The mountain lion! Hide! [They scatter, leaving Stan to face the lion alone. The lion peers out from behind a tree.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Go away! Shoo! [The lion moves off and the critters return.]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,Is it gone?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,I deduce it is.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,[behind a low tree] I'm not c-c-comin' out.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Foxy,"Well, this is the end. The mountain lion obviously knows Porcupiney is pregnant, and he's gonna kill it again."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Again?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,Every Christmas the mountain lion comes down and eats the virgin critter impregnated with the Son of our Lord.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Porcupiney,"Oh dear, I'm so very afraid."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,[climbs onto a stump and sits up] Let's face it. The mountain lion will never let our Savior be born.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Awwww! [some of them sob]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"Hey, we shouldn't be upset this Christmas. We've got Stanny!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Raccoony,"Of course! Stanny can do anything! If he can build a manger, he can stop that mean ol' mountain lion!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Porcupiney,Christmas is saved! [the critters cheer]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The camera looks up from the woods to a mountain in the distance. Dramatic music plays.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"High up in the forest on a dark, craggy peak, the horrid mountain lion and preyed on the weak. For the critters to be saved, someone had to stop that nasty old cat..."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Goddammit, this is fucking ridiculous!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,Said the little boy in the red poofball hat.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"Killing a mountain lion was no easy task, But he thought of a plan, and he thought of it fast."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[gesturing] Grrr! Grrr! Come on out! [The lion is heard roaring from inside the cave, and it roars. It approaches the entrance.] Come on, critter killer! Your days of slaughtering innocent little animals are over! Rawrrrrr! [Anticipating the lion's leap, he runs off. The lion lunges at him, but misses. Stan moves to the side of the peak and turns, gesturing.] Rawrrrrr! [Stan runs up the side of the peak, and the lion follows. Stan reaches the peak and turns to face the lion. The lion lunges at Stan again. Stan drops out of the way and the lion goes over the peak and onto its death below, at the cave entrance.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"In a flash, it was over! A victorious blow! The mountain lion lay slain on the cold ground below."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The cave entrance. Stan sees that the mountain lion is motionless and approaches.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Okay, there. [three lion cubs approach the entrance]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 1,"Mommy? Mommy! [they rush up to her body] W... wake up, Mommy, wake up!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 2,"Don't leave us, Mommy. [Stan realizes that this dangerous mountain lion was a mom, so his jaw drops. The pale cub approaches him.] Man-boy, why? Why did you kill our mommy? Why?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[at a loss for words] I... the... critters. Their... bir-birth of a Savior? [The cubs snuggle close to their mom's body, sobbing.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"The tiny cubs all gathered together and cried, All alone in the world because their mother had died."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,[turns away and squeezes his eyes shut] Aw- awww!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The forest floor, night. The critters have set up a campfire close to the manger and are keeping warm by it."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Porcupiney,[feeling a kick] Oooo.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,"You all right, Lady Porcupiney?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Porcupiney,"Oh yes, just felt a little kick is all."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"Well, it's been much too long now. Uh I'm afraid our helpful friend Stanny must be very dead."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Foxy,"Yep, the mountain lion probably swallowed him whole."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Rabbity,I guess that means our Savior is gonna be made into Savior stew.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Awwww.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,"[flitting straight up into the air] Wait a minute, look! [the animals turn to see Stan approaching them]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Stanny! [they gather in front of him]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,"Stanny, you're alive."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,"But, does that mean you killed the mountain lion?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,It's dead.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,For real and for true?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,Are you sure?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,I'm sure. It won't be hurting you anymore.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,He did it! Now our Critter Christmas can finally happen! Hail Satan!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Hail Satan!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Wait, wha-what?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"You've done us a huge favor, Stanny! Without the mountain lion around, the Lady Porcupiney can give birth to the Antichrist!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Yaaay!! [they head over to the manger]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Wai-wait, the Antichrist?? You said she was giving birth to your savior!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"Yeah, to the Son of our Lord, Satan, Prince of Darkness."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,But I thought you meant the Son of God!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,"Well, think about it: You really think God would have sex with a porcupine?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,"No way! Only Satan, Prince of Darkness and King of all Evil would do that! Yay!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Foxy,This just calls for a celebration! Let's sacrifice Rabbity and eat his flesh!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Rabbity,Yay! Sacrifice me to the Devil!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The other critters cheer. Stan is frozen stunned as Beary pulls up a Satanic altar on a small wagon with a little help from Squirrely. The other animals bring Rabbity up to the altar. Rabbity is propped up on the altar and Beary tears him apart with a sacrificial blade. The other animals crowd in, tear away pieces of the body, and eat them raw."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,Drink his blood! Drink his blood!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,[jumps into a puddle of blood] Blood orgy!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"Yay, blood orgy! Blood orgy, yay!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The critters drench themselves in Rabbity's blood and begin the orgy. Beavery mounts Raccoony, Skunky mounts Porcupiney, Mousey mounts foxy, and Beary mounts Deery. Squirrely hops onto Deery's left ear and mounts that. Chickadee-y and Woodpeckery start flitting around. In the background is heard ""Sting, so true!"" Stan stares, traumatized."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"What special time and special day, It's Woodland Critter Christmas."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,[a circular window opens and he pops up] Hail Satan.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The forest floor, night. The critters return to the manger and decorate it with Satanic symbols, including (what is presumably) Rabbity's skull. As the narrator speaks, the following takes place. The star atop the manger is turned so it points down. Owls bring flowers to the mountain lion's corpse. The lion cubs are shown, then the mountain peak, then Stan is shown with his head buried into his arms at his desk in his room."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"In the gentle forest clearing on Christmas Eve morn, The little forest critters prepared for the Antichrist to be born. The noble mountain lion had stopped evil in all the years past, But now the good protector lay dead as the good owls amassed. And meanwhile, three lion cubs were crying away. For them, there would certainly be no Christmas Day. And soon the forest would suffer from the offspring Satan begat. All of this because of the little boy in the red poofball hat."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Ugh.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"Now that he'd killed the noble lion queen, there was nobody to stop the Apocalypse, it seemed."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Uuugh!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"""I know!"" he said with a new happy grin, ""I'll go back to the forest and speak with those critters again!"""
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[waves the narrator away and leaves his desk] No, no-no-no."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"He ran out the living room, turned out the light, and went back to the forest to set everything right! [Stan enters the living room, hops on the sofa, and turns on the TV. ""The Jeffersons"" theme song is heard.] And went back to the forest to set everything right! [Stan ignores the narrator and continues to watch the TV.] He tried to forget all about it by watching TV, But his conscience caught up with him and to the forest he did flee... [He turns the volume up to drown out the narrator, but to no avail.] He thought he could hide from his problems - not true! [Stan rolls his eyes] He knew in his heart the thing he had to do!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Leave me alone!!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,He knew that only by going to the forest could he --
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"All right, all right, all right! God! [He turns off the TV, hops off the sofa and walks out the door, leaving the remote control on the floor.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The manger at the forest clearing, day. The animals continue decorating."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"[looks around] Hey, look everyone! It's our old pal, Stanny. [the other critters turn and look]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Woodpeckery,"Oh boy, Stanny. You came just in time!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,Yeah. We've got a big problem.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"The Great Satan has commanded that when the Antichrist is born, we must find a human host body to transfer it into."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,That way he could take over the whole world! The whole world!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mousey,The human must be non-baptized and heathenistic against Christ.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,We figured you'd be perfect!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Yay!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,I'm not a heathen! I was baptized and my family's Christian!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Awwwww.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,But we got to have a human host body for the Antichrist.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,"Oh dear, maybe we won't have a critter C-Christmas after all."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"Now don't be down, y'all. Stanny can help us find non-baptized heathen human."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,"Will you really, Stanny?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,No! I'm not doing you anymore favors and I'm not letting you give birth to the Antichrist! [walks off] I came here to put a stop to all this!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,To stop us?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,"But gee whiz, Stan, if you try to stop us, we'd have to use our evil Satanic powers on ya."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Right, whatever. [turns around] I'm taking down the manger I built. [Beary's eyes turn red and brighten. A wall of hellfire appears before Stan.] Ah! [The wall gets higher.] Aaaah! [All the critters' eyes are flashing a bright red. Black crows swoop down and attack Stan.] Aagh! Aaaahh! [A two-headed demon dog appears snarling at him; he runs off in terror.] AAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAH! [The critters' eyes revert back to normal.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,Oh boy! Our Satanic powers sure did the trick!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Chickadee-y,Our powers get stronger every day! Get stronger every day!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"Sorry Stanny, but you see, nothing can stop the birth of the Antichrist, except for a mountain lion."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,And you got rid of her.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Yay!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,The boy shook with anger! He broke a sweat and fell ill. Then he remembered there were three mountain cubs still alive on the hill!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Oh yeah.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The mountain peak, day. Stan climbs up to the cave again."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Hello? Anybody in there? [the three cubs appear at the entrance of the cave]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,"Oh no, it's the man-boy who killed Mommy!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 1,He's come to kill us now!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 2,It's okay. I died inside when Mommy was killed anyways.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,"Yeah, better this than the slow death we'd face without a mother around."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Look, I'm sorry I killed your mom. The, the squirrel told me she was evil."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 1,"You got tricked by a squirrel? Gee, you're not too smart, are you, mister?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"I'm trying to make this all right again, but the only thing that can stop devil-worshiping critters is a mountain lion!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,"Yeah, and you killed her."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Well, you're mountain lions."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 2,"Us? No, we're just kids. We still have our baby teeth."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 1,And our baby claws.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,And a dead mom.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,There still has to be a way for you to kill the porcupine's baby.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,What? You mean like in an abortion?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 2,Yeah. An abortion. That can work.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 1,"But, we don't know how to give abortions."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,"Do you know some place we can learn, mister?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"""Where can they learn that?"" the boy said with a frown. ""I know! The abortion clinic just outside of town."""
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,[cross] What?!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,So he picked up the cubs and down the mountain he stormed. And took them to where abortions are performed.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"No, he didn't."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"Yes, he did."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"No, he didn't!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"Yes, he did."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"No, he didn't!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,Yes... he... [Next scene has Stan holding the cubs at the abortion clinic as the doctor there prepares to abort a baby.] did!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Oh, Goddammit! [the doctor and patient are startled]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"Said the boy in the red poofball hat! ""We've made it already, little cubs! Fancy that!"""
Woodland Critter Christmas,Doctor,"[walks over] Excuse me, what are you doing here?!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,The abortion doctor inquired.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Doctor,"If you wanna be in the OR, a pass is required!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"I don't know, I- I'm supposed to show these mountain lions how an abortion is performed or something, I... I know, it's ridiculous."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Doctor,"Well, you're in luck, I'm happy to inform! It's only three days until Christmas, so I have lots of abortions to perform! Gather around my table, cute little lions, I'll teach you to do abortions without even tryin'!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"And so the little boy and the cubs gathered around the chair base, And all day watched abortion after abortion take place."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"Montage. The doctor puts on his gloves and the cubs peer into the patient's vagina. Stan peers in as well, from a distance. The doctor works away happily and cleans up well. The patient leaves, and the next one is worked on. Lion cub 2 is on a desk next to a bottled fetus. He hops off, knocking the bottle off as well. The bottle pops open and the fetus falls out. Everyone turns and sees the fetus on the floor, and laugh about it. The doctor works on the next patient and Lion cub 3 brings him some forceps. The doctor smiles and strokes the cub's head. The other two cubs snuggle up to the patient on her shoulders, and she smiles at them."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Singer,"Christmas time is once a year. Every critter holds it dear. Every animal big or small, Christmas means so much to us all. It's once a year, it's Christmastime! And it happens once a year. It's once a year, it's Christmastime! When we hear about how Christmas only comes Once a year."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"This better have a point, dude. This really better have a point."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The forest floor. The critters walk along singing their Christmas tune.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"It's almost time when the time is here, The time that's only once a year."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,Oh look. That little feller is all alone.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,"Gee, he looks sad. [Kyle is seen kneeling next to his sled, looking sad.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Hi there!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,[gets up and turns around] What the hell?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,How come you're all alone on Christmas Eve.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,My... family doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Raccoony,"Aww, but why?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"Well, because, we don't really... believe in Jesus."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,[cheering] Yay!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,But does that mean you aren't baptized?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,No. I'm Jewish.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,[exulting] Yay! Yay! [they gather around Kyle]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,You've got to come with us!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Deery,You're perfect! Just pu-perfect!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,Huh?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,[taking him away] Yay! Woohoo! Woohoohoo!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"What special time and special day, It's Woodland Critter Christmas."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,[a circular window opens and he pops up] Hail Satan.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The woods, night. The camera pans along to reveal a glowing red pentacle in the starry sky."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"'Twas the night before Christmas, and above the woods, way up high, a new bright shiny star hung in the sky. For the world to be saved there was only one shot, A little boy with three clubs and an abortion plot."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Okay, come on, the critters are over this way. You mountain lions ready to stop the Antichrist from being born?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Lion cub 3,Sure. We know how to give abortions now.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"He arrived at the critter forest ready to fight, but then gasped when he saw a most dreadful sight."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The critters are standing around the manger. A grotesque creature lies in the cradle.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"Gosh, we did it!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Squirrely,"The critter Antichrist is born, bringin' a thousand years of darkness to the forest. [The Antichrist growls and throws little fits.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"The Antichrist had been born, sealing the world's fate. The boy in the red poofball hat... was too late."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Too late?! The hell is that?!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"Oh. Hiya, Stanny!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"[now tied to the altar, frightened] Stan! Stan, what the hell is going on?!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"It's Critter Christmas, dude! It sucks ass!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,Now all we have to do is put the Antichrist into our human host.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,Let's go! All right! Woohoo!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[turns to the lion cubs] That's it?! Ten thousand years of darkness and I don't even have a Merry Christmas?! [Skunky, Squirrely, Beary, and Chickadee-y walk over to get Kyle. Santa's sleigh appears in the sky.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"When up in the sky the sound of sleigh bells were heard, And a jolly red sleigh flew down to the earth like a bird!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beavery,"Wow, look, there's Santy Claus!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,[cheering] Yay!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Raccoony,Let's eat his flesh! [the sleigh lands and rolls to a stop]
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"[hops out] All right, what the hell is going on?! Why is there a red star glowing in the sky?!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Raccoony,"We finally did it, Santa! We brought forth the Antichrist with help from our good friend, Stanny."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Skunky,Death and pain await all living things.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"Little boy, you should be ashamed!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"I mean, I didn't mean to help them, I... I tried to stop them!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"Well good going, stupid! There's only one way to stop devil-worshiping critters! [He reaches back and whips out a long shotgun. He fires, and the top half of Beavery's head is gone.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Critters,"Aaaaah! [They scatter. Santa fires again, and Deery goes down. Two more shots and the tops of Raccoony's and Skunky's heads come off.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Dude, what the- ? [Squirrely activates his demon power with the red glow from his eyes and a wall of hellfire appears before Santa.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Singers,"Hold steady, Santa."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"Santa simply hops over it, gets into position, and fires at Squirrely, blowing him to smithereens."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[goes to untie Kyle from the altar] Come on, dude. [Santa continues firing at the remaining critters. Porcupiney is blown apart, then Foxy.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Beary,"Gee whiz, Santa, you're not gonna kill me, are you- [His head is blown off and he goes down.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Dark Cub,"But Santa, what do we do about the Antichrist? [Stan and Kyle join Santa and the cubs.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"Don't worry, boys. The Antichrist cannot survive without a human host body to go into."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"[looks down] No. [walks towards the manger] No, I want to have the Antichrist inside me!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,What?! Kyle?!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"[now in the manger, behind the trough] With his power, I can finally make the earth a better place for the Jews!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"Don't do it, Kyle! [Grinning evilly, Kyle holds the little Antichrist in his left hand. A glow emanates from the Antichrist and its spirit floats out of its body and into Kyle's chest.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,Dude!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"[returns to the altar, climbs up, and exults] Yes, yes! Now the Jews shall take control of Christmas once and for all! HAHA! HAAA!!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"[voice-over] Oh, stop it, Cartman! [the spell is broken]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's class, day. All the students are seated, and it turns out they're taking turns telling Christmas stories. Cartman is telling his now."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,Just stop it! That's enough! You aren't reading another sentence of your stupid story!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Cartman,"I don't believe anyone interrupted you when you read your Christmas story aloud, Kyle. [behind him on the board is written ""Write Your Own Christmas Story Day""]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,This whole time your stupid story was just a way to rip on me for being Jewish at Christmas again!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Cartman,"Mr. Garrison, could you do something, please?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mr. Garrison,"Sorry, Eric, but if Kyle feels discriminated against, you'll have to stop or else I'll get a call from his mother."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Cartman,"[closes his booklet] All right, fine! Forget it! [He drops off the stool and heads for his desk.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Butters,"Well but, but what happened?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Token,Yeah. Did Kyle bring a thousand years of darkness or not?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Clyde,What happens to the lion cubs?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Cartman,"Well, I guess we'll never know, because Kyle doesn't wanna hear how it ends."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"No, it all worked out, right? The world was saved and I went home for Christmas dinner."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"Dude, why do you care?!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Well, after all that, I at least wanna know if I had a merry Christmas or if darkness rules the Earth."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,Oh come on! It's obvious what happens! I get killed by Santa Claus so that Christmas is saved!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Cartman,That's not at all what happens.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Butters,"Aw well, come on. Let him read us the end."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Clyde,"Yeah yeah, come on! [the other kids chime in]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"All right, fine!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Cartman,"[He returns to the stool and resumes the story. He clears his throat.] ""Oh dear, my best friend is possessed! How about that?"" said the little boy in the red poofball hat."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,The spell is restored. Kyle is back on the altar exulting.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"HAHAHAA! Now I shall rule the -- [feels something...] Aww. Uuugh. God it burns! AAAH! My soul is on fire! Whoa! Oh, I don't like this! [hops off the altar] I didn't know it would feel so... dark and evil!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Well what did you expect, dude? It's the son of the Devil."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"Oh God, what have I done?! [sits down] I'm sorry. Please, I don't wanna be the vessel for the Antichrist."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"[with his shotgun at the ready] I'm sorry, but it's too late, Kyle! Santa's gonna have to kill you! [pumps the shotgun]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"No Santa, don't!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"We don't have a choice. In a few hours, the dark creature inside him will consume his soul."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"The little boy fretted. He almost started to bawl, But that's when he came up with the best idea of all."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,The lion cubs!
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"The little boy quickly begun,"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,I took them to see how abortions are done.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,What?
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"Now cubs, do like they showed you. Hurry up fast! Get the Antichrist out of my friend Kyle's ass!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"And in the twinkling starlight, each little cub did their portion. They remembered all they had learned and gave Kyle an abortion."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The lion cub 3 is deep in Kyle's ass, retrieving the Antichrist with his teeth. He succeeds and takes it to Santa quickly. Santa takes it and sets it down on a tree stump. Santa grabs a large sledgehammer next to the stump, raises it over his head, and bring it down upon the Antichrist, smashing it to bits with a loud THUD."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"Thanks, everybody. I'm sorry I got a little crazy there."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Santa,"Well little boy, it seems that you [points to Stan] have really been through a lot. Is there any special present you would like this year?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[smiles] Yeah. Yeah, there is."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"The lions' cave. Santa arrives at the corpse of the mountain lioness and moves his hand over it, releasing some magic dust and watching it settle. The lioness stirs."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Mother lion,"Wha -- Oh my, what happened?"
Woodland Critter Christmas,One of the cubs,[the three of them run up to greet her] Mommy?
Woodland Critter Christmas,The cubs,"Yay! You're back! We missed you, Mommy!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Stan,"[relieved] Oh, good."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"Stan's house. He runs into his parents' arms as Shelly and Grandpa look on. Next, they're all seated at table, eating. Next, Stan and Shelly are opening their gifts."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"And back home, there were presents, and lots of food to get fat. And it was the best Christmas ever for the boy in the red poofball hat."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,"A shot of the town, receding from view."
Woodland Critter Christmas,Narrator,"And they all lived happily ever after. Except for Kyle, who died of AIDS two weeks later. [Q shot of Kyle back in the hospital, dying.]"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Kyle,"[voice-over] Goddammit, Cartman!"
Woodland Critter Christmas,Scene Description,End of Woodland Critter Christmas.
Woodland Critter Christmas,Singers,"[as credits roll] Christmastime is once a year, Every creature holds it dear, Every animal big or small, Christmas means the world to us all, It's once a year, it's Christmastime, When we hear about how Christmas only comes Once a year."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Trinidad Medical Center, day. A very modern, futuristic-looking building is seen behind the sign. Inside, a doctor approaches a patient"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,"Hello, Mr. Garrison, I'm Dr. Biber. I'll be performing your surgery today."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,"[on the hospital bed, his legs in stirrups] God bless you, Doctor. I know you'll make me well again."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Now, you're absolutely sure you want a vaginoplasty?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,My whole life I've been a woman trapped in a man's body. A sex-change operation is my last chance at happiness.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"All right, then let's begin. [POV changes to Mr. Garrison looking down past his groin. A nurse hands Dr. Biber a scalpel] Just relax, Mr. Garrison. I think if more people could just see a sex-change operation, they would know how perfectly natural it is. The first thing I'm going to do is slice your balls. [bends down to slice open Mr. Garrison's nutsack - a live slice is shown]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,"Ough, ergh. Eww. [his eyes remain shut for the duration of the operation]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"With the scrotum open, I can now discard of your testicles."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,"So long, balls. [the vas deferens is shown being cut in two, severing the testicle from the rest of the body. A nurse dabs Dr. Biber's forehead with a towel to remove any sweat there]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Now, I'll just continue the incision up the shaft of the penis. [real-life footage is shown]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,"Oh, that stings."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,Now I'll just... turn your... penis inside out.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,OH! Oh jeez.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,All we need to do now is ...stuff the ...unskinned penis inside your... pelvis... And now I'll use the skin from your penis to make vaginal lips.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Garrison,Do I look like a woman?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"[reviewing the results, then holds up his left thumb] Pretty much."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, day. All-State Basketball Tryouts are being held there. TODAY! Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny show up courtside through entrance 51A. Kyle, #4, is in South Park Elementary's basketball uniform."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Dude, don't be nervous."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,How can I not be nervous? Trying out for the All-State team has been my dream for years.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"You're the best player at our school, dude. You'll make the team for sure."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Cartman,This is ridiculous. Jews can't play basketball.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"[points right at Cartman] I beat out YOUR fat ass, Cartman! [a referee's whistle is heard]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Lead referee,All students trying out for the All-State team to center court! [Kyle heads for center court]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Good luck. [Kyle reaches center court and is flanked by tall black players on either side. He looks around, seeing how much taller these players are than he. Two of them have basketballs; Kyle has his own ball]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"All right boys, now you're all here because you're the best of the best. [the camera pans from left to right, showing all the players - and Kyle's head from the nose up] I know that you've all worked really hard to make it this far, so let's get out there and [throws a basketball at someone] SHOW ME WHAT YOU'VE GOT! [play begins, and the taller players keep the ball away from Kyle, then drive toward one of the baskets. Number 32 slams the ball through the hoop. They drive to the opposite basket. Kyle has the ball and shoots, but his shot is rejected. The players head back to the first basket] Uh, uh excuse me, Brof-Broflovski, is it?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Yeah?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"Can we talk to you for a minute? [Kyle leaves the court and reaches the coach] You uh... You're the best player in your school, are ya?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Yep! I love basketball. I wanna play for the Denver Nuggets one day.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"Yeah. Uh, look, kid, you've got great skills and a great attitude. But you're just not physically ...built for the game."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Oo whataya mean?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"Well, it's just that... Jew's can't play basketball. [blows his whistle and returns to the other players] Awright, kids, we've gotta work on that shooting! Come on!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Kyle heads out through 56A but puts his head against a wall, deeply saddened. Kenny, Stan and Cartman enter 56A from the concession stands and head towards Kyle"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Dude, you were awesome, Kyle. [no response. Stan looks at Kenny, then looks back at Kyle] Look, y-you gave it your best shot, right? That's all you could do. [looks at Kenny, shrugs, and walks away. Kenny walks over, puts his hand on Kyle's shoulder for consolation, then walks away. Cartman looks a bit concerned, walks over to Kyle... and taunts him!]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Cartman,"Nyanyanyanyanyaaanyaaa! You-hoo-hoo-hoo loh-ost! Hahahahahaaahaaa! [No response. Cartman can't get a rise out of Kyle] Kyle, I'm totally ripping on you at a totally inappropriate time."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,I know. I deserve it.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Cartman,"Yeah, you know why? Because Jews can't play basketball!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"You're right. [this disarms Cartman completely, and he walks away]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Cartman,"Jesus, that's no fun."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Henry's Supermarket, day. A normal shopping day until..."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Man,"[bursts through the main entrance] Hey everybody, you're not gonna believe it!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Randy,Believe what?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Man,"It's Mr. Garrison! Only it ISN'T Mr. Garrison! He- He's a woman now! [the doors open again and Mr. Garrison struts in with a new womanly body and purse. He strikes a pose to show off his womanly ass. From here on, he's Mrs. Garrison]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Hello everybody! [everyone is shocked. She goes further into the store and approaches two female shoppers] Can you believe it ladies? I'm one of YOU now! [hugs them, then heads to the Feminine Hygiene aisle] Wow, just look at all these tampons! Regular, heavy flow- Oh boy, I can't wait till I get my first period! [trots off.]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"The ladies' restroom, moments later. Mrs. Garrison enters humming and takes an empty spot along the sinks."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Hi gals! [opens her purse and begins putting on makeup] Oh boy, can you believe the sales they're havin' out there? Well, I'm about to pee out my vagina for the first time. [hugs them] Give us a hug. Girls' Club! [lets them go and goes into a stall, closes the door, drops her pants and sits down. She urinates. The two ladies at the sink look at one another, then towards the stall] Oh wow! This is great! Look at that, I'm peeing sittin' down like a dainty dignified little woman! [begins to fart and poop. The women's jaws drop] Sany, any of you ladies wanna go see a sad movie together? [The women present leave the restroom one by one: the blonde first, then the one with light brown hair, then the one exiting the stall left of Mrs. Garrison holding her nose, then the one exiting the stall right of Mrs. Garrison holding her nose. The farting and pooping is just too much] You guys try those new wings tampons? Do those work well?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A South Park Charter Transit bus stops and lets Stan and his friends off. Kyle walks ahead of them in gloomy silence"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Kyle, you have to cheer up, dude. So you aren't built right for basketball."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,But I feel like a basketball player. That's all I wanna do. [Mrs. Garrison appears before them]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Hello, boys! It's me, your teacher! Mrs. Garrison! [her fingers are fanned out and she strikes that pose again. The boys are stunned]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Cartman,"You guys, Mr. Garrison has titties."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,[moving her hands over her body as if shedding a layer of skin] I had a sex-change operation. My penis is now a vagina and I'm experiencing womanhood for the first time in my life! See ya in class! [saunters off]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, dinner time. The family is at table eating"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Mom? Dad? What's a sex-change operation?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"[taken aback] What? Th'um, nuh-nothing. I- I'll explain it to you when you're a little older."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"But our teacher, Mr. Garrison? He just had his penis made into a vagina. How come?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Ike,Penis!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,Your teacher had a sex change?? Oh my God! [buries his face in his hands]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Ike,Vagina!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,That does it! I'm taking you boys OUT OF THAT SCHOOL! [sweeps his left arm across the table]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"Gerald, that is very closed-minded of you! You shouldn't judge people who want to change."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,He's a teacher! How are we supposed to explain this to our children?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"[walks over and stands behind Kyle] It's very simple. [addresses Kyle] You see, Kyle, sometimes a person' outside doesn't reflect who they are on the inside."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Yeah. That's right.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"They feel like they're somebody trapped in another person's body. And so, they can have a surgery [Kyle smiles and passes his hands over parts of his body he'd change] that makes them more into the person they see themselves as. Do you understand?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Totally! I totally understand!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"There. You see, Gerald? He totally understands."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Trinidad Medical Center, day. Dr. Biber sits behind his desk"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"So, I hear you're interested in reconstructive surgery."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Yeah. My school teacher wanted to be a woman, and you made him into one."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Oh yes, Mr. Garrison. Uh yes, he had a vaginoplasty. Mhm."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Well, do you also do other surgeries like that?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,Sure. You see sometimes a woman wants to be a man. That procedure is called a peniplasty.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"No, no, uh I wanna be tall and black."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,...You what?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,I hate being small and Jewish. I feel like a tall black man.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"[tries to make sense of this in his mind, then] Ohhhhh! You want a negroplasty!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Yeah! [big grin]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,Wha-a-a negroplasty??
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"It's a fairly common procedure, really, just the reverse of a caucasioplasty just like Michael Jackson had. Let's take a look here. [Kyle follows Dr. Biber. Stan tails along. Dr. Biber stops and bends down towards Kyle, taking off his hat] What we do is slice your face and peel it back so we can insert now pigment producing cells inside. [draws a line along Kyle's forehead and left temple. Stan can't believe what he's seeing] We break the arm bones in several places and put braces to make them longer. [draws lines around the wrists] Now, the knees we need to snap off and fill with small round objects that can cause better movement. [draws two circles around the kneecaps] And we finish it off with a nice peniplasty to enhance the genitalia. [draws a circle around the crotch of Kyle's briefs] Negroplasty takes about seven hours and costs roughly three thousand dollars."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Uh excuse me, is this really a good idea?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Well, it's a good idea if you wanna be tall and black. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Mrs. Garrison's house, night. Mrs. Garrison enters the kitchen carrying groceries. Mr. Slave is at the breakfast table moping"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Hello, Mr. Slave. [sets them down on the counter] Boy have I been busy. A woman's work is never done. [begins taking the groceries out of the bags] I got some tampons. I should be getting my period really soon. I hope I don't get too emotional and drive you crazy with my PMS. [walks over to Mr. Slave hiding something behind her back, and says seductively] Mr. Slave, I got something for us, too. [brings forth a red negligéйe] Would you like to take this beautiful woman to bed?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Slave,No thanks.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"[taken aback] Nu- no thanks? Come on, Mr. Slave, I wanna try out my new snootch."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Slave,I can't believe you just went ahead and had that surgery without even asking me what I thought.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Well, I ASSUMED you supported me. It's still me; I just have a vagina instead of a penis."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Slave,But I'm gay! I don't like vaginas!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,Don't you even care that I was suffering? I wasn't happy the way I was!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Slave,"It's great that you feel better, but you never stopped to think about how other people around you would feel!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Look, we can still be together. All you have to do is stop being gay!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Slave,How can you say that?! You're gay too!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,I'm not gay! I'm a woman!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mr. Slave,"Oh, Jesus Christ! [turns around and heads for the front door]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Oh, so is that it?! [Mr. Slave opens the front door and walks out, leaving it open] You're just gonna walk out?! You men are all alike! Go ahead and find somebody who doesn't have a vagina, you fag! [slams his door shut]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, morning. Kyle runs into the living room with a paper in hand and faces his parents, who are sitting on the sofa. They're both reading the newspaper."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Mom! Dad! I have awesome news! The doctor who gave Mr. Garrison his sex change said he can make me tall and black. [they look up. On Gerald's T-shirt is a picture of two dolphins jumping in the air]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,What??
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Dr. Biber said he can give me a negroplasty so I can finally look the way I've always wanted. He even took my picture and then did computer imaging to show what I would look like after the surgery. [shows the paper, which is a picture of ]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"Oh, just great! You see, Sheila?! This is what your transgender progressive thinking gets you! Now your son wants to be transracial!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"[quite excited] Can I have three thousand dollars, Mom and Dad, huh?? Can I??"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"Absolutely not, Kyle!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,[let down] But why not? You said sometimes people need surgery to make them feel better about themselves.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"Yes, but Kyle-"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Well, all my life I felt I was black! I've listened to hip-hop, I watch UPN and I love playing basketball! My body doesn't reflect who I am inside."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"Kyle, you have to accept your body the way it is."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,Why? Why do I have to accept it when I can change it?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"The answer is NO, Kyle! You're NOT going to have negroplasty!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,But Jews can't play basketball! [this sets Gerald off and making him furious]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"KYLE, YOU'D BETTER STOP BEING ANTI-SEMITIC RIGHT NOW, MISTER!!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"[leaves the room and goes up the stairs, stopping halfway] I'm never speaking to either of you ever again! [continues up the stairs and goes to his room. His door is heard being shut. Gerald looks on as all this happens]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"[rises and leaves the sofa] Oh, that does it!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,Where are you going?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"[stops by the coat rack next to the front door, grabs his coat and puts it on] That Dr. Biber is about to get his ass bitten off! [goes out the front door and slams it shut]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Trinidad Medical Center, day. Gerald approaches it with a file in hand. He enters Dr. Biber's office and closes the door. The doctor is setting behind his desk"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,Who the hell do you think you are?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,Dr. Biber.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,What kind of nutjob would agree to surgically alter my son into a tall African-American?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"[leaves his chair and approaches Gerald] Oh, you're Kyle's father."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"Huh that's right! And I also happen to be a lawyer! And I'm gonna have you sued for malpractice, and your clinic shut down!!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,What is that on your shirt?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"What th- Look, they're- They're dolphins! Why?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Ahhh you like dolphins, hm? [puts his hands together in an affectionate way]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"A b--uh I love dolphins, Ever since I was a child I dreamt of... Huh b-b-b- But that has hardly any bearing on what I'm hear to-"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,I can make you one.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,...What?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Invert the back, move the esophagus to the top of the head. Yes, a full dolphinoplasty could be achieved relatively simply..."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,[steps aside a little] Make me a... dolphin? [begins to daydream about life as a dolphin.]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Singer,"If I could swim with the dolphins, the soft and gentle dolphins...Why can't I swim with the dolphins?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"...No. [heads for the door] No, no, it's crazy."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,There's nothing crazy about a person wanting to look on the outside the way they feel on the inside.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Girls Gone Wild commercial. In the background is a crowd of men, in the foreground, willing women"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Announcer,"It's Girls Gone Wild! [two women stand there looking at the camera, then lift their blouses all of a sudden and giggle. The words ""Real Girls!"" flash over their breasts] These girls will do anything! [another woman looks around, then flashes her breasts. The word ""Wild!!"" flashes over them. Two other women flash their boos. ""Out of Control!"" flashes over one woman, ""Real Girls!"" over the other. Mrs. Garrison sees an opportunity and comes forward to stand next to the women]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Oh jeez, should I do it?! Should I do it?! Oh what the hell! [flashes her boobs, which are not bleeped. They're set rather far apart. The other women look at the breasts and leave in disgust] Wooo! Huhuh, wooo!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Men,Awww!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Look, I'll giggle and make them bounce up and down! [jumps up and down] Heeheeheeheehee, heeheeheeheeheeheehee."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Later, at a bar after the video shoot..."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"[walks up to the bar, which has three women seated at it. One of them is a redhead with short, wavy hair] Oh boy, men will do just about anything to get a look at our tits, won't they? Men are all the same. My boyfriend walked out on me! Turns out he was a fag. But I've been livin' it up ever since, havin' sex with all kinds of different guys! Girl power! [approaches the redhead] You know, the strange thing is, I haven't gotten my period yet. Is there a reason a woman might miss her period?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Redhead,"Well, normally, if a woman misses her period, it means she's pregnant."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"...Pregnant? [turns away and walks a bit] Oh my God. Of course. [the women at the bar glance back at him] I haven't gotten to experience a period because... one of those truckers I slept with got me knocked up. [turns around and shouts] I'm pregnant, everybody! Hoh boy, now I can have an abortion! [leaves the bar]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Gerald returns home with a walker and a highly altered appearance. He now makes dolphin sounds and has a blowhole and dorsal fin on his back, and his legs have been joined together to make a flipper. His hands have been altered to look like ventral fins. He walks in the front door. His eyes are black from the alterations and his nose has been elongated."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,[seeing the new Gerald] Gerald! What happened to you?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"That doctor is a miracle worker, Sheila. Iiii'm the happiest I've ever been. [approaches Ike] Look, Ike! You're daddy's a dolphin! [Ike just looks at him]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,A dolphin?!?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"[turns around slowly to face her] Sheila, ih-it was wrong of us to be so judgmental of Kyle. If he isn't happy with who he is, then who are we to deny hm surgery that will make him feel better about himself? [his left eye twitches twice, each time accompanied by dolphin calls]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Sheila,"[distraught] Gerald, this is crazy!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"I used to think I was crazy. But Dr, Biber told me that there are a lot of other people out there who are transspecies. All I did is change my appearance to look the way I felt... [places his right ventral fin to his heart] here. And I'm telling you now that if we don't let Kyle do the same, he may never be happy. Ever! We owe him more than that, Sheila. We owe him understanding! [his blowhole goes off]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"The school bus stop, day. Stan, Kenny, and Cartman work on building a snowman. Butters runs up..."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Butters,"Fellas! Hey fellas, you gotta come see!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,What?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Butters,"Uhh, it's Kyle! Huh, he's a Negro! [runs off. The others follow.]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, later. Kyle, now tall and black, stands in the front lawn. Around him are Kevin, Clyde, Jason, Tweek, and Craig"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Jason,Wow.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Craig,Can't believe it.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Clyde,Did it hurt?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Yeah, but it was totally worth it. [Butters arrives with the other boys]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Jesus Christ, dude!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Look, Stan, I'm finally whole! My dad is even gonna take me back down to the all-star game to see if I can try out for the team again!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"[at the front door] Come on, Kyle, we should get going!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Alright, Dad! [trots off]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Dude, is Kyle's- dad a- dolphin?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Cartman,He's a Jewish dolphin. A Jewphin.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Planned Parenthood, day. In the reception area Mrs. Garrison reads magazines, but sees a woman seated near her."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"You here for an abortion too? [she blinks] Yeah, I discovered a few days ago I wasn't bleedin' out my coo, so I guess I'm knocked up. Is this doctor any good?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Nurse,Mrs... Garrison?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Oh, that's me. [rises and follows the nurse in]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,Planned Parenthood OR.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Hello doctor, looks like I need an abortion. [sits on the chair and puts his feet on the stirrups]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,...an abortion?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Yeah, I've got one growing inside me. Now, are you gonna scramble its brains or just vacuum it out? [a nurse arrives and her jaw drops] ...If you want you can just scramble it and I'll queef it out myself."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,Mmister Garrison-
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,[correcting him] Mrs. Garrison.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,"Mmrs. Garrison, you can't have an abortion."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Don't you tell me what I can and can't do with my body! [gets up, goes to the nurse, and hugs her] A woman has a right to choose!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,"No, I mean you're physically unable to have an abortion, because you can't get pregnant."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,But I missed my period.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,"You can't have periods either. [Mrs. Garrison looks surprised] You had a sex change, Mr. Garrison, but you don't have ovaries or a womb. You don't produce eggs."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"[sits down] You mean, I'll never know what it feels like to have a baby growing inside me and then scramble its brains and vacuum it out?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,N-that's right.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"But I paid five thousand dollars to be a woman. This would mean I I'm not really a woman. Ih, I'm just a... a I'm just a guy with a mutilated penis!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Doctor,"Basically, yes."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"...Oh boy, do I feel like a jackass."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Trinidad Medical Center, day. Mrs. Garrison enters the OR as Dr. Biber operates on a woman"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,Hey asshole!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Excuse me, I'm performing an operation here!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,You told me you were going to make me into a woman!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,I gave you a sex change.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,Yeah?! Well what kind of woman can't have abortions and bleed out her snatch once a month?! You made me into a FREAK is what you did! And I want you to change me back!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Patient,Am I a man yet?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Mr. Garrison, I can't reattach your organs."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,Why the hell not?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,Because I've already used your testicles to fashion new knees for a little boy who wanted to be tall and black.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,You WHAT?!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,And your scrotum has been made into a dorsal fin for a man who wanted to look more like a dolphin.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Oh you! You're comin' with me right now to find my balls and scrotum right now, Mr. Man! [pulls him out the door by the ear]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, night. ""All-State Playoffs. Colorado vs. Wyoming"" People crowd into the center. Inside, the two teams are practicing their shots on the court"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Announcer,Welcome to the All-State Basketball Playoffs between the best fourth-grade players from Colorado and the best fourth-grade players from Wyoming. [cheers go up and Kyle arrives just in time]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"[panting] Coach! Coach, I'm all better. I'm ready to play."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,Who are you?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"Ih it's me, Kyle Broflovski. I had a negroplasty. Can I play in the All-State team now?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"Well, you're tall and black enough. All right, Broflovski, suit up!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"All right! [turns around and looks up the bleachers] Dad, I can play! [Gerald is on the steps with his walker]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"Alright Kyle! [tries to find a place to sit. An usher walks by] Excuse me, where do you have special seating for dolphins?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"The school bus stop, day. Stan, Cartman and Kenny are almost finished with their snow man. A car pulls up. Mrs. Garrison and Dr. Biber jump out of the car."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Boys, have you seen Kyle?! He's not at home."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"[points down the road] Kyle went down to play in the basketball game, Mrs. Garrison."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,He's going to play basketball? Oh my God.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,What?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Well, ah I only made him look like he could play basketball. If he actually does it, the testicle in his knees will explode! [Mrs. Garrison realizes instantly where her former testicles are]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,What?! But you made him into a basketball player.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"No, I just made him look more like one. We have to stop him from playing! Those testicles in his knees are ticking time balls!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Oh Jesus! Come on, boys! We've gotta get to my balls before Kyle hurts himself! [everyone gets into the car, and the car peels off]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, night. The Star-Spangled Banner is being sung"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Singer,...and the home of the... brave! [the lights come up and everyone cheers. The teams take the floor for the jump ball. The referee tosses the ball up and Colorado #32 taps the ball to his team]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"Broflovski, be ready to take over for Owens."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,"I'm a hundred percent ready, coach! [The stitches along his upper chest, arms, and cheeks are seen. The camera pans down to show the bandages on his elbows and knees and the stitches along his legs]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, by the restrooms in the hall. An usher stands nearby"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"Eh excuse me, where, where is the bathroom for dolphins?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Usher,We don't... have one.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,Well where the hell am I supposed to go to the bathroom? I I need a large tank with salt water.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Usher,Ahhh- Too bad?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"Damnit you people have to make special arrangements for transspecies people like me! I may be a dolphin, but I'm also a lawyer!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Usher,You're a lawphin?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, outside, by the entrance. Mrs. Garrison, Dr. Biber and the boys approach the doors"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Usher,Tickets please.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,We don't have tickets!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Security guard,"[appearing next to the usher] Sorry ma'am, no tickets, no entry."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Look, there's a boy with my balls in his knees and he's in serious danger!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Usher,What?
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,[looks past the men and points] My scrotum! [he sees Gerald talking to the usher by the restrooms] That dolphin has my scrotum! Now let us in!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Security guard,"You can't go in, ma'am! [Mrs. Garrison delivers a right hook to the guard and the guard goes down. Mrs. Garrison and the others rush in. The guard gets up and calls for help on his walkie-talkie] We have unauthorized entry on level one!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, courtside. The Colorado team drives to the opposite basket. The coach addresses Kyle"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Coach,"All right. Broflovski, you're going in next possession."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,All right! [stands and feels pain in his knees. He soothes them] Ow. Hm. [goes to the locker room]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, by the restrooms. Mrs. Garrison and the others approach Gerald"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Gerald, where's Kyle?!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,What? Why??
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,My balls are in his knees. If he jumps with them they'll explode!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,Oh my God! [Security guards swarm nearby]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Security guard,"There they are, next to that dolphin!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Come on, we've gotta get to those balls! [The group rushes into the arena; the guards chase them and open fire]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Security guard,[the one who tried to stop them at the door] Stop them! They didn't pay the two-dollar entry fee!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, courtside. Kyle has suited up and now enters the game."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Announcer,"Now substituting for Colorado, number 4, Kyle Broflovski. [Kyle goes in for #11, Owens. Stan and the others run down the steps towards the court, pursued by the guards.]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Oh Jesus, he's about to play! [Three of the guards get into position at the top of the stariway aisle and start shooting at them. Down by the court Dr. Biber takes a steel trash can and bashes one guard with it]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"[wrestles another guard over his walker] Mrs. Garrison, grab Kyle!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"Which one is he?? [camera zooms out to show Colorado taking the ball and driving to the other basket. Kyle isn't seen in the shot. At the other end, Mrs. Garrison tackles a Wyoming player. The crowd gasps]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Wyoming Coach,"Hey, what the hell?!"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,Stop the game! [jumps high into the air and mows down a bunch of player upon landing. More gasps from the crowd. The loose ball ends up in Kyle's hands]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,I got it! I got the ball. [runs to his basket]
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Kyle, NO! [Kyle dribbles and then jumps up towards the basket]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Announcer,Broflovski goes for the dunk!
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"NO! [the dunk is shown in smooth slow-motion, as is his next statement] My baaaallllssss. [the ball goes in, Kyle lands back on the floor, his knees bulge, then blow out, spraying testicles matter everywhere. His legs split in two at the knee and he falls backwards. Players on both teams and some of the spectators are hit by bits of testicle. Kyle is unconscious and the Colorado coach screams and runs off]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Scene Description,"Denver Convention Center, outside. The police and paramedics have arrived and Kyle is sitting up on the gurney"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Officer,So let me get this straight. That woman over there was trying to get to her balls which were in the knees of a black child whose father is a dolphin.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Stan,"Yeah, that's basically it."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Officer,"Sounds like an open and shut case. All right, let's head 'em out! [the police leave]"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"I'm sorry, Kyle, I should have told you the surgery was cosmetic only."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Gerald,"So, does this mean I'm not really a dolphin?"
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Dr. Biber,"Let's get you two up to the clinic and I'll change you back, for a nominal fee."
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Kyle,But what about Mr. Garrison? He can't go back.
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina,Mrs. Garrison,"[thinks about that for a long moment] You know what? I'm okay. Even though I'm not truly a woman, I think I still like the new me. I'd rather be a woman who can't have periods than a fag. [newly confident] Hey guys! This girl is staying a woman! Who wants to pound my vadge! Girl power!"
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,"An elderly woman's home. Cartman rings her doorbell, and she answers it. Cartman is dressed in an orange hazmat suit and is carrying a tank of something on his back"
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"Hello, ma'am. I'm working to clean up the neighborhood from parasites. Do you mind if I take a quick look around your house? I'm afraid you may have hippies."
"Die Hippie, Die",Elderly woman,Hippies?
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"[walks in and begins to rap the walls with his fist] Yeah, they've been poppin' up all over the neighborhood lately. Ms. Nelson next door had seven hippies in her basement; they usually live in colonies. [raps on the wall and the pitch changes] Hm, I don't like the sound of that. Could I take a look in your attic?"
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,"The attic. He opens the door and looks in. He gets out a flashlight, turns it on, and looks around again. He stops after a few seconds."
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"Oh yeah, boy. Take a look at this, ma'am. [she climbs up until her eyes are level with his] See that? Hippies. [five hippies are sitting in a clearing in the attic, smoking and laughing.]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Elderly woman,Oh my.
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"These are what we call the uh giggling stoners. Pretty common form of hippie, usually found in the attics. Problem is, if you see one hippie, there's probably a whole lot more you're not seein'. Uh, whe-where's the backyard."
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,The backyard. The elderly lady opens the door and Cartman walks out onto the back porch
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"Yep, that's what I thought. See that? You've got a drum circle in your backyard. [eight hippies are seen seated around a small campfire drumming away. Logs are scattered around them]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Elderly woman,"Oh, well they showed up a few days ago, but I didn't think they were hurting anything."
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"Yeah. You know, I had a guy in Jackson County. He had a little drum circle in his backyard. It turned into a drum circle four miles in diameter. You get a few hippies playing drums and next thing you know, you got yourself a colony."
"Die Hippie, Die",Elderly woman,Oh dear.
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,back inside the house
"Die Hippie, Die",Elderly woman,"Oh, well, so, so what do I do?"
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"[goes back to rapping the walls, then stops] Well, your attic could be so we can fumigate with polymarethane. The drum circle we're gonna have to gas. [raps again. The wall begins to crack and he steps aside. A hippie breaks through and falls to the floor. Cartman says under his breath] God dammit! [pulls out a fire extinguisher from his backpack]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 1,"[dazed and confused, coughing] Whoa, how did I get here? Man, I'm so high."
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,God damn hippie! [opens fire. Foam spews out from the extinguisher]
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 1,"Whoa, dude!"
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,Get out of here!
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 1,Not cool! [stands up and looks at Cartman] What's up?! [runs off]
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"Ma'am, I need to clear out your giggling stoners and your drum-circle hippies RIGHT NOW, or soon they're gonna attract something much worse!"
"Die Hippie, Die",Elderly woman,Ooooo...what's that?
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,The college know-it-all hippies.
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,"The neighborhood, day. A red car pulls up to the curb. On the back window is a decal which says ""University of Colorado at Boulder"" Three men and three women step out of the car"
"Die Hippie, Die",Driver,"[wearing green jacket] Wow, my friend Brittany was right. This is a really laid-back place."
"Die Hippie, Die",Woman 1,"[wearing tan jacket] Yeah, this will be a great place to spend spring break. [Stan, Kyle, and Kenny approach them]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Kyle,"Hey, let's ask them. [the boys are wearing shoulder totes with magazines peeking out from them.]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Stan,"All right. [the two parties meet] 'Scuse me. [holds out a clipboard] Hello, we are selling magazine subscriptions for our community youth program. Would you like to help young people like us by purchasing a subscription of your choice?"
"Die Hippie, Die",Driver,"Oh wow, you guys shouldn't be doing that. Don't you know what you're doing to the world?"
"Die Hippie, Die",Kyle,Wha- whataya mean?
"Die Hippie, Die",Man 1,"[wearing a guitar over his back] You're playing into the corporate game! See, the corporations are trying to turn you into little Eichmann's so that they can make money. [the other man is busily eating chips]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Stan,Who are the corporations?
"Die Hippie, Die",Woman 2,[a blonde with a psychedelic fish on her shirt] The corporations run the entire world. And now they fooled you into working for them.
"Die Hippie, Die",Stan,Are you serious? We never heard that.
"Die Hippie, Die",Driver,We just spent our first semester at college. Our professors opened our eyes. The government is using its corporate ties to make you sell magazines so they can get rich.
"Die Hippie, Die",Kyle,Ugh! Those dirty liars!
"Die Hippie, Die",Kenny,(Sonofabitch!) [throws down his shoulder tote]
"Die Hippie, Die",Man 2,[has finished his chips] This is a really nice town you have here. That's why the corporations are trying to use you to take it down.
"Die Hippie, Die",Stan,Well... Well what do we do?
"Die Hippie, Die",Driver,Just hang with us for a bit. We'll fill you in on everything you haven't been told. [Man 2 resumes eating chips]
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,Cartman's basement. He's gathered a bunch of hippies in there and one of them pounds the door to get out
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 2,[wearing a headband] It is time to let us out! I'm sending your names! Open this door right now!
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"[opens the door real quick and tosses another hippie down the stairs] All right, in you go."
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 2,"What are you doing, man?!"
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 3,[wearing a V-neck sweater] Let us out! [the throng advances up the stairs]
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,Get back. Get back or you're all gonna get maced! [the throng backs down]
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 2,"What's up, man?! You can't keep us down here like this!"
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 4,[with straight long hair] What's wrong with you?!
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,What's wrong is that there's more of you showing up every day and I need to find out why!
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 5,[wearing a thin headband] What makes you think you could tell us where to live?!
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 6,"This is a free country, man!"
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"Brah, I'm not gonna argue with you, all right? Just go with it."
"Die Hippie, Die",Hippie 3,Just go with it? We've been down here for days!
"Die Hippie, Die",Cartman,"And you're gonna be here a little longer, brah, all right? Here, here's some joints [tosses a bunch of joints down to the hippies], and a guitar! [tosses that down as well and shuts the door. He then locks it and sets a large beam across the door, then walks away. The hippies are left there, coughing. One of them takes the guitar and sings]"
"Die Hippie, Die",Singer,What's goin' on in this world o'mine?There's a whole lot of killin' in this world o'mine. Somebody's gotta help this world o'mine...
"Die Hippie, Die",Scene Description,"Stan's house, at about the same time. He's sitting at the edge of the porch playing a guitar quietly. On his cap he wears a peace sign"
