Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Ohh, Scott, uh, I-it's sort of after hours, m'kay?"
Skank Hunt,Scott,They all laugh at me. They won't be laughing when I do it! I'll show them!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Hah, alright Scott. Come on inside. Huumm..."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"He unlocks the office door, then goes inside with Scott."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In the woods, at night, the boys finally reach the cabin."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Oh, dude, is this it? This is cool. So isolated. [Camera shows a hole and shovel in the ground] Check it out, there's a shovel next to a hole dug in the ground."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Inside the cabin, Cartman eagerly goes over to the table at the far end and puts his items on it, while the boys form behind him."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Dude, is this where we're gonna play? I call dibs on this side! What's the wifi called? Is there a password?"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Kyle closes the cabin door. Everybody takes out a weapon, except for Cartman."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"I don't see it - I don't see it coming up on my laptop. I don't know, I think maybe the wifi's not working. Where's the box? [Cartman picks up his devices]"
Skank Hunt,Cartman,You gotta unplug it and plug it back in. [Turning around] You guys? You guys...? There's...no wifi...
Skank Hunt,Clyde,The girls are gonna do something drastic to us. We have to take matters into our own hands.
Skank Hunt,Cartman,What are you...What are you guys talking about - What-
Skank Hunt,Stan,"You brought this on yourself, Cartman. We're sorry."
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Oh my God. Oh my God, you guys are gonna break all my stuff so I can't get online!"
Skank Hunt,Kyle,Just put your stuff on the table and step back.
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Please! Please don't break my stuff you guys! This is like, 2 Christmases and a birthday worth of stuff! You guys can't do this! Please!"
Skank Hunt,Token,Let's just get it over with!
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"No, don't-get-it-over-with! Don't break my stuff! I'm not SkankHunt, I'm not! You guys, you guys, you don't have to do this! You-don't-have-to-do-this! We can still just play Counter-Strike, and forget everything! Oh-my-God, there's no wifi - We can use my phone, to make a hotspot and we can still play Counter-Strike! And it'll be sweet! You guys, come on, please! Please, you can't!"
Skank Hunt,Clyde,I can't listen to this!
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"Please, Clyde! Clyde, you're my friend! Please, y-you know how much - I - need - my - stuff!"
Skank Hunt,Craig,Let's just get it over with! [Walks up to Cartman]
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"No please! If I can't get online, I won't-how would I-I- Mumbling."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,Craig stabs Cartman's laptop with his knife. The rest of the boys start advancing forward.
Skank Hunt,Cartman,"No, God! No! Don't! Don't!! Don't!! Oh my God!!"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Cartman's electronics are knocked onto the table, and subsequently destroyed by the boys"
Skank Hunt,Cartman,Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Oh my God!! Aahh!! Niah!! Niaah!! Iaahh!! Iaahh!! Niaaahhhh!!!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Cartman passes out. Outside the cabin after some time, the hole is filled up, and Token pats the soil with the shovel. The boys look horrified."
Skank Hunt,Stan,What have we done?
Skank Hunt,Kyle,What we had to do.
Skank Hunt,Cartman,[Off screen.] Iaahh!!
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In his bedroom, with the lights off, Mr. Mackey is sleeping when his phone starts ringing. Mr. Mackey jolts up from the ringing, puts his glasses on and sees the caller is Scott Malkinson."
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, Goddammit. You've got to be kidding me. [Sighs, then answers phone.] This is Counselor Mackey. What's going on Scott?"
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Scott is on his phone while off his bed, grabbing onto a pillow."
Skank Hunt,Scott,I swear to God I'm gonna do it this time.
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Okay Scott, just try to calm down. You don't want to quit Twitter."
Skank Hunt,Scott,Why does it matter? People would be happier if I just did it!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"That's not true, no one would be happier. [Brings the phone away from his face.]"
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"This fucking kid, oh my god... [Brings the phone back to his ear.] Everybody thinks you're a great kid, Scott."
Skank Hunt,Scott,"I-I talked to my dad. He said, ""I don't have the guts to do it!"". Well, if I'd quit Twitter, he'd be sorry!"
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, umm, how 'bout this, just umm, promise me you won't quit Twitter tonight, and we can - we can talk all day tomorrow, okay? M'kay?"
Skank Hunt,Scott,I don't know if I'll make it through the night!
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"[off phone] Oh, for fuck's sake..."
Skank Hunt,Scott,"I just feel like I'm at the edge of a cliff, you know, and being chased by hate. And the only way out is to jump!"
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"[on phone] Uh-huh, okay, go on with that."
Skank Hunt,Scott,"I keep thinking about what the kids at school would do, when they find out I left all my social media. Like they would finally see all the damage they've done."
Skank Hunt,Mr. Mackey,"[off phone] Goddammit, just do it already..."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At home, at night, Gerald is again trolling online with Smokin' by Boston playing. However, just before leaving, his computer screen lights up with a Google alert, notifying Gerald that he was mentioned on CNN. Gerald clicks on the video link."
Skank Hunt,CNN reporter,"Another internet troll is wreaking havoc on message boards, this time attacking a Danish website for women with breast cancer."
Skank Hunt,Gerald,I made the news...
Skank Hunt,CNN reporter,"The troll, who goes by the name ""SkankHunt42"", ..."
Skank Hunt,Gerald,[He claps his hands.] Yes!
Skank Hunt,CNN reporter,"...caused the website to temporarily shutdown. Danish Olympic Gold Medalist Freja Ollegard, who started the website, spoke out about the incident. [The inset video of Freja Ollegard zooms in.]"
Skank Hunt,Freja Ollegard,I am not shocked. I am not sad. I am not giving this pitiful person the satisfaction of being anything. [Gerald listens intently].
Skank Hunt,Freja Ollegard,This little troll can have his fun. I am going to be the bigger person. I am going to show the people of Denmark are not so easily broken down.
Skank Hunt,Gerald,Hmm...Game on whore. Game on.
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Gerald starts furiously typing on his computer, and a shadow appears on his wall by the computer screen's illumination. The camera pans to the shadow."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At South Park Elementary the next day, Kyle walks through the hallway again, but this time the girls are angrily slamming their lockers before walking away. He meets Stan and Clyde again."
Skank Hunt,Kyle,What's going on?
Skank Hunt,Stan,You didn't hear?
Skank Hunt,Kyle,Hear what?
Skank Hunt,Stan,"The troll, SkankHunt, Kyle. He was all over the internet last night!"
Skank Hunt,Kyle,"No, that's impossible!"
Skank Hunt,Stan,It wasn't him Kyle! We took Cartman out for no reason. [Cartman walks past looking down] We can't undo what we've done.
Skank Hunt,Kyle,Oh my God. Oh my God...
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Inside Bebe's room, the girls are gathered. Wendy looks unsure."
Skank Hunt,Nelly,"The time has come. We said if the trolling didn't stop, there would be severe consequences. Get the word out to every girl in school. It goes down tomorrow!"
Skank Hunt,Wendy,Oh my God...I don't know if I can go through with this.
Skank Hunt,Nichole,"We all have to be on-board Wendy. Every girl in school, or it means nothing."
Skank Hunt,Annie,"Don't forget what you said Wendy: ""For too long girls here have taken the backseat! Things have to change!"". Now they'll have to listen."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"At South Park Elementary, the following day, Gortoz a Ran by Denez Prigant plays in the background. Annie hides behind some hallway lockers till her boyfriend passes by. She catches up and gives a note to him, then leaves. The note reads: ""I'm breaking up with you forever. Annie."". The boy falls to his knees, drops the note and yells as tears stream down his cheeks, 'No!' in slow motion."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Kevin receives a note too from Red, as well as all the boys with girlfriends. Girls run down the hallway holding notes like a deadly mob. The library. Clyde, clutching his hair, cries alone at a table with a note in front of him, tears streaming down his face."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"Kindergarten couples also break up too, as a girl gives a boy a note that reads: ""I brake up."". This results in the boy face planting into his toy blocks construction. Token also receives a note from Nichole at the basketball court that reads: ""I break up. Goodbye. Don't call. Nichole"". Token falls to his knees, broken."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In the Boy's Restroom, 2 boys who received notes resort to hugging each other for comfort. Playground. Kyle is sitting alone on the swings with his class picture in hand, and his eye starts tearing up when he sees Cartman fade from the picture."
Skank Hunt,Scene Description,"In the hallway, any boys are crying in corners, notes strewn and crumpled. Stan walks down the hallway, glancing at the boys before encountering Wendy. Wendy regrettably holds out the note in her hand. Stan hesitantly takes the note, and reads: ""This is goodbye forever, Stan. I can't fix you. Wendy"". When Stan looks up, Wendy is gone from view"
The Damned,Scene Description,Simply Heidi. Her guest is Freja Ollegard
The Damned,Simply Heidi,"We are back again with the brave Olympic gold medalist from Denmark, Freja Øllengård. Freja, you've talked about being trolled on the Internet and its consequences."
The Damned,Freja Ollegard,"Yes, Heidi. I believe trolling has a tragic effect on innocent people."
The Damned,Simply Heidi,"You have been the victim of horrific degrading attacks, spearheaded by a troll called [puts on her glasses] skankhunt42."
The Damned,Gerald,"[watching on his computer, holding a glass of wine] Nice."
The Damned,Freja Ollegard,"I've tried to just ignore the trolls, but that only seems to make them attack me more."
The Damned,Simply Heidi,It must be so awful for you to create a Web site for women like yourself who are breat-cancer survivors and these... monsters get on and somehow make light of it. Even going as far as... ridiculing masdectomies.
The Damned,Freja Ollegard,"Yes, it's very disgusting, but I still try very hard to believe in the goodness of humanity. [cheers from the studio audience.]"
The Damned,Simply Heidi,"I can tell you that the support for you on our Web site has been overwhelming. We'd like to share some comments we've received, many from doctors who believe your Web site is saving lives. The first is a comment from a physician in Spain: ""You go girl. You are doing great things. Don't let trolling stop you."" And that is from Dr. Juerdior Titsgo [Freja is alarmed at the name], in Spain."
The Damned,Gerald,"[exults at his coup] He shoots, he scores! [Freja knows she's been trolled again and puts her face in her palm]"
The Damned,Simply Heidi,"And there's this one: ""Believe in yourself and don't listen to the haters. You're an inspiration."" That's from Hungarian physician Dr. Cootsier Boobsoff."
The Damned,Audience Member,Oh no...
The Damned,Gerald,HA! [throws an air ball] From the 3-point line!
The Damned,Simply Heidi,"I'm sorry, am I missing something?"
The Damned,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day. Police cars are in front and a couple of officers are at the door. Officer Barkley rings the bell"
The Damned,Gerald,Oh! Police! [sheepishly] Yes?
The Damned,Officer,"Hello, sir, we're conducting an investigation."
The Damned,Gerald,Uh... regarding... uh regarding what?
The Damned,Barkley,Do you happen to know this child? [shows him Cartman's picture from Photo Day]
The Damned,Gerald,"[relieved] Hoooh. Sure, that's one of my son's friends."
The Damned,Barkley,"Well, I'm afraid he's... quit Twitter."
The Damned,Gerald,"Hooo... another one, huh?"
The Damned,Barkley,"Yeah, but this one's different. The events surrounding his quitting Twitter were very suspicious. Most people that quit Twitter leave at least three paragraphs stating that they're quitting Twitter before they quit Twitter. This child just stopped using it."
The Damned,Gerald,Kyle! [looks up the stairs]
The Damned,Barkley,We're simply trying to gather information on whether this was a Twitter suicide or a Twitter homicide. [Kyle appears at the top of the stairs]
The Damned,Gerald,"Kyle, have you seen your friend Eric online?"
The Damned,Kyle,"[panics a bit] No. Uh, he quit."
The Damned,Barkley,"D'ya happen to know why, son?"
The Damned,Kyle,He probably got fed up with all the negativity and decided to end it. [shrugs] I don't know.
The Damned,Barkley,"Without tweeting a goodbye? People don't just quit social media. They post long drawn-out messages on social media, explaining why they're leaving social media."
The Damned,Gerald,"Look, officers, why don't you just go ask him why he quit Twitter?"
The Damned,Barkley,"At where, sir? At where?"
The Damned,Scene Description,"Kyle's room, moments later. Kyle runs in and closes the door frantically, then whips out his phone to talk to some people"
The Damned,Kyle,"Okay, that was the cops! The cops were here!"
The Damned,Clyde,The cops? For what?
The Damned,Token,"You know for what! You know what we did to Cartman! [he's video-chatting with the other boys on his computer, in several windows]"
The Damned,Craig,We did what we had to do.
The Damned,Kyle,But we were wrong!
The Damned,Butters,"[under his bed covers] It's not the police we have to worry about, it's Eric. He's gonna get us."
The Damned,Jimmy,"Hey. W-we all just have to stay cool, okay?"
The Damned,Butters,It doesn't matter. He's comin'. He's comin' to get us.
The Damned,Scene Description,Stan's room. He's not part of the conversation. He sits on his bed looking at selfies of Wendy on his phone. Wendy on her bed reading a book and smiling at the camera. Another selfie of her in the sun. A selfie of her sitting at a counter. A selfie of her at a beach making a victory sign with her right index and middle fingers. A picture of Cartman licking the ass of a life-sized picture of him. That picture has him looking at a phone which has a picture of him looking at a phone...
The Damned,Randy,"Stan? [Stan's door is open, so Randy walks in] You can't just stay in your room all day."
The Damned,Stan,"What happened, Dad? [Randy walks up to the bed] Everything's upside down. [Randy sits] Everyone's taking sides and splitting into groups. [thoughtfully] Everything sucks."
The Damned,Randy,"[rubs the back of his neck] Yeah, everything sucks. [lowers his hand] Everyone's divided. Nobody's getting along. And there's people like your MOTHER who are thinking of voting for a DOUCHE because she doesn't have a BRAIN."
The Damned,Sharon,"[off screen] Go to hell, Randy!"
The Damned,Randy,I don't know what's wrong with people in this town. More and more are agreeing with your mother. I tried getting on community message boards and swaying people's minds but... it always ends up with some asshole talking about vaginas and photoshopping a dick in my mouth. That's where we're at today. Everything sucks.
The Damned,Scene Description,Clinton campaign headquarters. She and her staff prepare for the debate
The Damned,Aide 1,"Here's everything to prepare you for the debates, ma'am. Just try and stay focused no matter what your opponent says."
The Damned,Aide 2,"Don't let him rattle you. He's gonna do whatever he can to try and mess with your head. Don't buy into it. Whatever he says, just respond with ""My opponent is a liar, and he cannot be trusted."""
The Damned,Clinton,Got it.
The Damned,Scene Description,The Presidential Debate
The Damned,Announcer,"Decision 2016. The first Presidential debate, with moderator Lester Holt."
The Damned,Lester Holt,"Okay, let's get right into it. Our first question is for you, sir. How will you deal with ground troops in Syria?"
The Damned,Garrison,"Everyone, I need to just speak from the heart here. Uhm, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. I've gotta come clean. Uh, I had no idea I would get this far, [Holt looks confused] but the fact of the matter is, I should not be President. Okay? [Clinton's aides watch from a back room] I will fuck this country up beyond repair. [Clinton's aides smile at this admission] I'm a sick, angry little man. Please, if you care at all about the future of our country, vote for her. Okay? She's the one who at least has some experience. She, she's not as bad as you think, I promise. And unlike me, she's actually capable of running this country."
The Damned,Clinton,...My opponent is a liar and he cannot be trusted.
The Damned,Aide 1,NOOO!
The Damned,Aide 2,"Oh my God, she's such a turd sandwich."
The Damned,Clinton,What he is saying is simply not true. Do not... believe it.
The Damned,Garrison,"[throws his hands up and then faces Clinton] I am giving you this, lady. I AM GIVING you this! What the fuck are you doing?! [faces the audience again] Okay, look, look, just, vote for her, she... she knows politics. She really wants to put this country first."
The Damned,Clinton,My opponent is a liar-
The Damned,Garrison,Would you just please shut up?
The Damned,Clinton,-And he cannot be-
The Damned,Garrison,Get out of your own way.
The Damned,Clinton,-cannot be trusted.
The Damned,Garrison,"[in exasperation] Okay, okay, look. [stands up again] She doesn't mean what she's saying. She just doesn't know how to take this because... it's very weird and her advisers probably t-"
The Damned,Clinton,"My opponent is a liar and he cannot be trusted. [as she says this, he throws his hands up and turns his back to the camera]"
The Damned,Garrison,"Fuck, oh fuck, why the fuck does it have to be her? I am so fucked."
The Damned,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Four of the seven boys who destroyed Cartman's electronics are in PC Principal's office."
The Damned,PC Principal,"Alright boys, I've had just about enough of playing games. [before him are Kyle, Stan, Butters, and Token] The four of you were good friends with Eric Cartman, and yet none of you seem to know why he left social media. [Butters fidgets a bit] Nobody's got anything to say? Well I have a theory. I think... that Eric Cartman... was somehow forced to leave social media as a retaliation for Heidi Turner quitting social media! Now, because of the actions of one sexist, bogoted, racist troll! [sweeps his hand across his desk and knocks a stack of papers to the floor]"
The Damned,Butters,[lets out a] Eeeaaaahhhh!
The Damned,PC Principal,"We have a gender war on our hands! Make no mistake, gentlemen! Our community is under attack! And if we don't get to the bottom of it... there's gonna be more students like Eric Cartman... wandering the hallways with no connection to the rest of the world."
The Damned,Scene Description,"The school hallways, later. Cartman walks down the hallway dejected. The kids around him are looking at their phones or talking on them as they go about their usual business. Cartman sees Kevin on his phone and sighs, then continues walking."
The Damned,Voice,[gruff whisper] Eric. [he looks up. By some exit doors is Heidi]
The Damned,Cartman,Heidi? Heidi Turner?
The Damned,Heidi,Come with me.
The Damned,Cartman,Where? [she turns and walks off to her left]
The Damned,Scene Description,"[The neighborhood streets. Heidi walks, then stops and waits for Cartman]'"
The Damned,Heidi,Join us. [points to a park] here.
The Damned,Cartman,The park?
The Damned,Heidi,"I know how you feel, Eric. I know how hard it is when school gets out. With no phone, no human contact."
The Damned,Cartman,[begins to cry] I miss my stuff.
The Damned,Heidi,Come on. There are others like us here. [guides him into the park. A car appears and slows down]
The Damned,Driver,"Look at them, Martha. Do you see them?"
The Damned,Martha,What are they?
The Damned,Driver,Lost souls who have quit Twitter. Damned to just wander the earth and hang out and stuff.
The Damned,Martha,They seem so lonely. [they both look at their phones]
The Damned,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, night. The doors open and Randy rushes in"
The Damned,Randy,"Okay, what?! The fuck?! Is wrong with you people?! I just saw a new poll that says more and more of you are thinking about voting for that douche!"
The Damned,Stephen,"Some are. A lot of people like what he has to say, alright?"
The Damned,Randy,"You're tellin' me that after that debate, you still wanna vote for that guy?!"
The Damned,Stephen,More than ever.
The Damned,Ryan Valmer,Yyyup.
The Damned,Randy,Did you see the same debate I saw?!
The Damned,Stephen,"Don't you get it, Randy? There's people in this country who are sick and tired. Tired of hearing all the rhetoric. Tired of Washington failing us while they pat their own backs. Finally someone comes along and says what he feels. That's why people like him. You can say what you want, at least he doesn't sound like another politician."
The Damned,Scene Description,[Douche 2016 campaign rally at Pepsi Center. Garrison is speaking]'
The Damned,Garrison,"America, please listen to me. I have no idea how to be President. I am a complete jackass, and I have made a giant mistake here. [the crowd cheers his honesty, which stuns him] Nononono, nononono, why are you clapping? I'm not a good person for the White House. I am not a good person, period."
The Damned,Man,"Finally, someone who doesn't talk like a politician."
The Damned,Garrison,"I am peeing my pants... at the thought of being President, okay? [more cheers go up] No! Shut up! Listen to me! [the crowd quiets down] You don't want a guy like me in the White House! You don't even wanna know the shit I've done!"
The Damned,Random Person,Wooohooo!
The Damned,Garrison,I have scissored with another woman when I had a sex change!
The Damned,Man 2,He's so honest!
The Damned,Garrison,"No, no! I'm not the guy you want going to Russia to negotiate with Putin. I'll probably end up gettin' drunk and tryin' to suck his dick. [more cheering. He turns away from the mic] OHHHH JEEEZ"
The Damned,Scene Description,"[Ike's room, day. Gerald peeks in and sees him at the computer.]'"
The Damned,Gerald,"Ike, got a minute? [enters and sits on Ike's bed] Let's talk, buddy. [Ike pauses his game and goes to his bed] You know, the school really wants us to keep talking to our kids about trolling on the Internet and how serious it is. I guess the troll from the school message boards is now harassing a famous Olympic athlete from Denmark, heh. Have you seen this? Have you heard about this? Yeah well, she kinda called him out and said he could never get her to quit social media, and you know, you might say she's askin' for it. But uh, now this troll is being copied by other trolls who are all dog piling to see if they can get her to quit and, well God only knows what they're gonna do tonight. Well, goodnight, pal. You be sure to let your mom know we talked more about the horrific consequences of trolling. [steps outside, then leans back and smiles at Ike, then leaves and closes the door]"
The Damned,Scene Description,"The park, day. Heidi and Cartman are sitting on a bench while a duck stands on the ground before them."
The Damned,Heidi,I want to tell you... that I'm sorry.
The Damned,Cartman,For what?
The Damned,Heidi,When women first started getting trolled on the school message boards. I was sure it was you. I was wrong.
The Damned,Cartman,You weren't the only one. I guess I didn't deserve a second chance. I really tried to make changes. I really tried to become a better person. To sh-show that I was trying to listen.
The Damned,Heidi,"So when you held the assembly that woman were just as funny as men, you... you weren't being sarcastic?"
The Damned,Cartman,"[earnestly] Women are funny, Heidi. Get over it. Every time Amy Schumer talks about her vagina, I lose my fuckin' mind."
The Damned,Heidi,Do you miss your friends?
The Damned,Cartman,I don't have any friends. I don't know if I ever did.
The Damned,Heidi,You do now. [smiles at him]
The Damned,Cartman,Kewl.
The Damned,Scene Description,[Douche 2016 campaign rally at Pepsi Center. Garrison is speaking]'
The Damned,Newt Gingrich,Hello Florida! Please put your hands together and welcome the next President of the United States! [makes way for Mr. Garrison]
The Damned,Garrison,I hate all of you so much.
The Damned,Random Person,Yeah!
The Damned,Garrison,I seriously hold so much contempt for each and every one of you pieces of shit. [cheers] If you vote me in as President I'll seriously throw up and have lost all faith in humanity. [more cheers]
The Damned,Randy,[watching on TV] I agree.
The Damned,Garrison,"I don't wanna be here. Please just let me go. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know anything. I'm scared. I'm completely clueless how to proceed. I just... spew bullshit and cry myself to sleep at night. Stop thinking that I'm anything more than a douche in over his head. For fuck's sake, please."
The Damned,Randy,"Shit, I'm startin' to really like this guy."
The Damned,Scene Description,"Skeeter's Wine Bar, day."
The Damned,CNN Anchor,"And after stating that he was not fit to be President, Secretary Clinton responded with ""My opponent is a liar and he cannot be trusted."""
The Damned,Patron,I am so confused.
The Damned,CNN Anchor,"In other news tonight, Danish gold medalist Freja Øllengård is the apparent victim of extreme trolling once again. [Gerald walks into the bar and watches the report]"
The Damned,Gerald,"Oh. Eh hey, can you turn that up?"
The Damned,CNN Anchor,The athlete from Denmark has been the target of relentless online attacks that began with the troll skankhunt42. [Gerald smiles and looks around to see if anyone has figured out it was him who's the troll] Last night the trolling took a vicious turn when Freja Øllengård finally succumbed to the pressure and committed suicide. [Gerald's smile vanishes.]
The Damned,Field Reporter,"Paul, Danish women's volleyball champion Freja Øllengård has been pronounced dead outside her apartment in Copenhagen. [there's fear in Gerald's face] The four-time girls' medal winner took her own life after jumping 17 floors off the balcony of her building. [footage is shown of her doing this, with a klieg light focused on her all the way down. She lands on a car and shatters, blood going all over the place. The car's alarm turns on]"
The Damned,Paul,"Freja Øllengård, dead at the age of 38. [Quickly, Gerald runs to the restroom and into a stall. A patron watches him enter and continues doing so until the scene ends]"
The Damned,Gerald,[on the toilet seat] Oh my God! Oh shit! Oh shit oh my God! Oh God oh no-oohh!
The Damned,Scene Description,[The Stotch house. Someone knocks on the door and Stephen goes to answer it.]'
The Damned,Randy,"I was wrong, Stephen, I'm votin' for your guy."
The Damned,Stephen,[surprised] What?
The Damned,Randy,"It's just... [walks in] I see what you mean. He talks like an ordinary person. And he has a lot of the same emotions I do, you know? He's got my vote."
The Damned,Stephen,Are you out of your fuckin' mind?
The Damned,Randy,[turns around] What?
The Damned,Stephen,You wanna vote for that douche?! He'll ruin this country!
The Damned,Randy,You were just voting for him yesterday!
The Damned,Stephen,"Yeah, but not anymore!"
The Damned,Randy,What happened??
The Damned,Stephen,I don't know.
The Damned,Randy,What the hell is wrong with people?! You just don't flip back and forth like that?!
The Damned,Stephen,You just did.
The Damned,Randy,"[processes that reply] ...I did. What's going on, Stephen? Why does everything suck this hard?"
The Damned,Stephen,I don't know. Nobody knows what to think anymore.
The Damned,Randy,But how did we get here? Completely confused and with shit for choices? It's like... it's like there are other forces at work.
The Damned,Stephen,"I'm just tired of thinkin' about it. Come on, let's relax and' have some member berry pie."
The Damned,Randy,"[thinks a moment] Member berry pie... [drops the thought] Okay, I love member berries. [follows Stephen to the dining room table]"
The Damned,Scene Description,At the table. Randy has served himself a slice of member berry pie.
The Damned,Berries,"'Member Tattooine? 'Member the torture droid? I 'member? Hi, 'member Goonies? I loooved Goonies. 'Member Chunk? 'Member? 'Member the trash compactor? Oh, the trash compactor."
The Damned,Randy,"[picks some berries up with a spoon, but stops] Wait a minute... [a camera pans away from the Stotch house into space, then moves east to Europe, then zooms in on Denmark.]"
The Damned,Scene Description,"Copenhagen, Denmark, at Rosenborg Park. Someone speaks over loudspeakers at Freja Øllengård's funeral outside the cathedral."
The Damned,Troll Hunter,"[in a Danish accent] Citizens of Denmark, we are under attack. As our ancestors did in days long ago, we must rise to defend our families. [Freja's casket is slowly brought to the altar outside the cathedral] A troll has come into our village and taken from us a beloved princess. He then returned to his secret hiding place, crawled back to his little cave, thinking the Danes would simply cry and run. [a mourner sobs] No. What this troll doesn't realize is that we have been planning our own attack. I'm announcing here and to the world that a plan to destroy the troll is underway. For in Denmark there is one thing we have known for centuries. To get the troll to come out of hiding, you must say its name."
The Damned,Scene Description,"Community park in South Park, day. Heidi sits on the bench alone, waiting. Cartman walks up and sits next to her"
The Damned,Heidi,Hey.
The Damned,Cartman,Hey. [long pause] I was thinking again. About how women are just as funny as men. And then I realized... that the only way to really be sure is to see if African-Americans think they're funny.
The Damned,Heidi,Why is that?
The Damned,Cartman,"Because, black laughs matter."
The Damned,Heidi,...Is that a joke?
The Damned,Cartman,"Yes, it is."
The Damned,Heidi,I don't get it.
The Damned,Cartman,"Yes, you do. [Heidi just looks downward] Heidi, does it ever get any easier? Living in this world?"
The Damned,Heidi,The hardest part is not having any followers. I used to go places just to show them where I was.
The Damned,Cartman,You wanna go somewhere? I'll follow you. [Heidi smiles]
The Damned,Scene Description,"Hillvale Farm, day. Organic fruits and vegetable. Pick your own! YES! We Have Member Berries! Randy drives in and reaches the farm house, then steps out of the car."
The Damned,Jud,Mornin'. How can I help ya?
The Damned,Randy,"Yeah, I have some questions about uh member berries?"
The Damned,Jud,"Yeah'. Everyone wants member berries these days. [turns left and walks off] Right over heah. [Randy joins him] Don't know what makes them so popular. I've had to get rid of all mah pumpkins, mah onions and mah peppahs, just to make room for more membah berries. [the voices of member berries get louder as they approach the berry grove. There are berries as far as the eye can see.]"
The Damned,Randy,"Oh my God, there's this many?"
The Damned,Berries,"'Member the 80s? Oh, 'member the 90s? Yeah yeah, but 'member the 80s though? Nonono, 'member the 90s?"
The Damned,Scene Description,"The supermarket, which is not a Whole Foods Market, day. Gerald walks out with his groceries looking at his phone. He approaches his car, which has a note under a windshield wiper. Gerald notices is, takes it from the wiper, and reads it. ""Gerald Broflovski."" He opens it, and reads the message inside, written in red marker: ""I know who you are."" Panicked, Gerald looks around and gets paranoid. He gets into his car quickly."
The Damned,Gerald,"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Protocol Zero. No evidence, clear history. E-mails! delete, delete, delete, erase, erase, trash, trash. [reaches into his glove compartment and pulls out a hammer called ""Protocol Zero."" He leaves the car with phone and hammer in tow. An elderly woman draw near as he smashes the phone to bits on the roof of his car. Once he's destroyed the phone, he gets into his car and peels out. He rushes home and runs up to his office. He turns on his computer and begins to delete stuff in the Gerald folder he has on there. After that he opens up the computer and pulls out the hard drive. He takes the computer apart, puts it all in a duffel bag and drives to Stark's Pond, where he sets up a portable foot-operated catapult and launches the duffel bag into the pond. He quickly rushes home again and sites next to Sheila on the couch. Sheila just glances at him]"
The Damned,Shelia,I saw Nancy Morris today. She has a different hair color. Again. I swear she doesn't think anyone even notices. Her natural hair color must be clear.
The Damned,Gerald,[rushed] Our computer's broke.
The Damned,Shelia,...What?
The Damned,Gerald,It broke and I had to throw it away.
The Damned,Shelia,"I thought if a computer isn't working, you try and get it fixed."
The Damned,Gerald,No now you just throw it away.
The Damned,Shelia,You had all my recipes on that FileMaker program on your computer.
The Damned,Gerald,"I'll get us a new computer tomorrow. Then I can see if we can pull your recipes up from Ike's computer, and that way we- Ike's computer! Shit! [runs upstairs]"
The Damned,Scene Description,"[Ike's room, moments later. Gerald runs in and towards the computer]'"
The Damned,Gerald,"Move move move! [pushes Ike out of the way and gets to work] My computer is off the network, and, and this computer didn't mirror that computer, but they did share the same Time Machine schedule, so then, would any of my files be accessible? No, because they didn't know each other's IP addresses. What if you can access my e-mail account from this computer through iCloud? If I go to iCloud, my e-mails are deleted. Good. Except there's a new e-mail. [It's from unknown] That shouldn't have come in. Why would an e-mail to me have come in if I deleted everything? [he reads the e-mail. It says the same thing the note did] ""I know who you are."" [spins around and points at Ike] You? Do you know who I am? Do you know who I am, Ike?"
The Damned,Ike,"No, but I want to, Dad."
The Damned,Gerald,"[thinks of the Biblical sense] Not like that, smartass! [turns back to the computer and works on his account] Delete! Delete the account, not the e-mails! [gets an e-mail: ""You have a Google alert!"" He clicks OK and reads] ""meet me under the freemont bridge. 9 am tomorrow."" [panics] Oh God..."
The Damned,Scene Description,"M burgers, day. Cartman and Heidi are eating lunch there."
The Damned,Heidi,You dip your French fries in the sweet & sour sauce?
The Damned,Cartman,"Yeah. It's the best, dude. Try it."
The Damned,Heidi,"[tries it and eats] Wow, that's really good. I'm starting to feel like life isn't gonna be so bad."
The Damned,Cartman,"Yeah. I think I am too. Heidi, can I ask you something?"
The Damned,Heidi,"Yeah, of course."
The Damned,Cartman,Do girls... not have balls?
The Damned,Heidi,"Girls do not have balls, no"
The Damned,Cartman,"So when a girl goes to scratch her balls, how does that work? [she wonders why he's asking] I just don't understand what's at the bottom of a vagina."
The Damned,Heidi,[munches on a fry] Do you want me to show you?
The Damned,Cartman,...Holy shiiit.
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The camera runs through the mountains.
Wieners Out,Narrator,"Long ago, in the deep and frozen lands of Scandinavia, there were creatures who wreaked havoc on humanity. [A troll is seen] The Troll. They dwell in rocks, in caves, isolated from civilization. The creatures were ugly, fat and slow-witted, but some could look and behave like human beings. These are the most dangerous. Now, the creatures have returned, this time, a thousand miles across the sea. [Earth is seen as it rotates. It zooms in on America, and an internet troll is seen] Today, the monsters believe they can go undetected, [Different trolls are seen] free to attack and then retreat to the darkness. But in Denmark, we have dealt with the trolls before, and now and now, we shall deal with them... again."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,"The Broflovski living room. Gerald looks at the note, reading 'I know who you are'. Kyle comes up."
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Dad, can I talk to you?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Sure, Kyle."
Wieners Out,Kyle,"All the girls at school are really mad. It's like, one guy gets online and says terrible things about girls and it reflects badly on all of us."
Wieners Out,Gerald,Uh huh.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Everyone's sad, everyone's depressed and nobody knows how to move forward."
Wieners Out,Gerald,Good.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"I guess what I'm saying is, I'm starting to feel a lot of guilt, just for being a boy. How do I not feel that?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Sorry Kyle, I have to meet someone. Talk to your mother. [gets off the couch] I love you! [walks away]"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Butters' bedroom. Butters Skypes with Charlotte while she is in her room.
Wieners Out,Butters,"It's been a rough few weeks, Baby. The girls are still mad about being trolled on the school message board, parents are all freaking out about the election and, and I tell you... you are glad to not be living in this country right now."
Wieners Out,Charlotte,"Butters, I'm sorry, but I told you not to Skype me anymore, right?"
Wieners Out,Butters,"[becomes shocked] But Baby, I love you! I need you! You can't break up with me!"
Wieners Out,Charlotte,I have to stand with my girlfriends.
Wieners Out,Butters,"Oh my god, I can't believe they got to you. [starts shouting] Those sneaky snakes in the grass!"
Wieners Out,Charlotte,Who?!
Wieners Out,Butters,"Well you know who, the girls in my school! They all broke up with their boyfriends and now they got you to go along with them!"
Wieners Out,Charlotte,This is a time when women and girls have to stick together.
Wieners Out,Butters,So then it's true! You're all snakes in the grass! Every [slams the keyboard] last one of you!
Wieners Out,Charlotte,[ends the call]
Wieners Out,Butters,Oh Charlotte? [presses on the mouse] Are you there? [presses on the mouse] Honey?
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Gerald walks under the Freemont Bridge incognito and meets with Dick. Dick blows a puff of smoke at him.
Wieners Out,Gerald,[takes off his sunglasses] I don't know why you are harassing me. I don't even own a computer.
Wieners Out,Dick,My name is Dick.
Wieners Out,Gerald,Are you with the NSA or Homeland Security?
Wieners Out,Dick,No! I'm a colleague.
Wieners Out,Gerald,A colleague?
Wieners Out,Dick,"You probably know me as ""Dildo Shwaggins""."
Wieners Out,Gerald,Dildo Shwaggins from Pussystores.org?!
Wieners Out,Dick,We need to talk.
Wieners Out,Gerald,"You're just a troll?! [turns to his left, raises his arms, and looks up] Oh thank god!"
Wieners Out,Dick,"We're on the same team, Skankhunt."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[lowers his hand] Wait, but that means I went ""Protocol Zero"" for nothing. Oh shit [throws his cup of coffee]!"
Wieners Out,Dick,"What's ""Protocol Zero""?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[circles around and then sits] Everything's gone! I destroyed my computers, my phone! [looks at Dick] Why couldn't you just say, ""I know who you are. I'm a troll too,""? Why do you have to be so fucking cryptic?!"
Wieners Out,Dick,Us trolls have to be careful. You know that.
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Look, I'm not really a troll, okay? I just started as a Yelp reviewer and got sick of how everyone's stupid comments sounded. I just like messing with people 'cause it was funny. I got carried away!"
Wieners Out,Dick,"These are really dangerous times, Skankhunt. There are there are things happening in the world and trolls have to come together."
Wieners Out,Gerald,For what?
Wieners Out,Dick,Someone is trying to wipe us out! Our way of life is in danger.
Wieners Out,Gerald,It's not a way of life! I was just doing it for the LOLs.
Wieners Out,Dick,That's not true. I've studied your work. You're one of the best trolls I have ever seen.
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[stands up] No, no! I am done with this crap. I thought my wife was going to find out, [grabs his sunglasses] but that was too spooky. [puts on his sunglasses and walks away]."
Wieners Out,Dick,"Gerald, we need each other. The Danish [raises his arms] are planning something horrible against us."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[stops and faces Dick] I'm not one of you, okay? I just need to stop. [tries to climb up the steep dirt, but falls down]."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park Elementary School Playground. A group of boys come together and form a semi-circle around Kyle.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"[talks while pacing back and forth] Guys, I've been thinking this over a lot and ... we need to be more active in showing the girls that we respect them. There's a big girl-volleyball game tonight and we should all go and show our support."
Wieners Out,Stan,You really think that's gonna make a difference?
Wieners Out,Kyle,I do. We need to show the girls that not all boys aren't the same and that we are willing to change. [stops pacing]
Wieners Out,Butters,"Well why don't you just shut the fuck up, Kyle? [talks while walking] All I've been hearing in a few weeks is how [stops walking]this is our fault, how boys need to change. Well I'm getting pretty sick of it. Everyone else seems to be proud about who they are, but not us; and then we get Uncle Kyle here telling us that the girls are right!"
Wieners Out,Kyle,Butters?
Wieners Out,Butters,"[turns towards and points at him] This is a war [walks from Kyle] on all of us. You want to listen to Uncle Kyle, we'll go ahead. Pretty soon [stops walking, and faces Tweek and Craig] they'll be locking us all up. And don't think you're safe either, Tweek and Craig. Just 'cause you're gay does not mean that you aren't looked down upon for being boys! [turns to his left] The world wants us all to feel shame just because we were all born with [points downwards] wieners!"
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Butters, you need to calm down."
Wieners Out,Butters,"No! [walks towards Kyle] We tried doing it your way, Kyle. We tried doing what the girls wanted us to do and where did it get us?"
Wieners Out,Clyde,Nowhere.
Wieners Out,Butters,"[turns around] Right! It turned us against one of our own match, that's what it did! What happened to Eric Cartman is the girl's fault, not ours!"
Wieners Out,Token,That's true!
Wieners Out,Butters,"I'm done feeling guilt. I'm a boy, dang nab it! And you know what? I'm proud of my little wiener. Mark my words, the moment is coming when you all need to decide; are you with your kind, [points at Kyle] or are you with Uncle Kyle."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The Broflovski living room. Gerald taps his fingers with boredom on the dinner table. Sheila then checks on her husband.
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Gerald, you've been sitting at the table for three hours now. You okay?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,[stops tapping] I'm great! Totally good. Just sitting down and ... doing nothing. Is there a problem with that? Is there a problem with just wanting to sit and just be? Is that illegal now?
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Not at all, Gerald. I'm sorry."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"I'm totally happy. I'm happy. I don't need to do anything to make me happy, fuck."
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Well! I know you said your computer was broken. So, I went ahead and got you something. [takes out iPad from a bag] Here, it's your own iPad."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[gets frightened, stands up and tries walking away from Sheila] Ah! Ah ah, ah! No, no! I'm good. Get that away from me."
Wieners Out,Sheila,[turns to her husband] You don't like it?
Wieners Out,Gerald,"No, sorry! I love it! I'm just swearing off electronics for a little bit. [leans closer to the iPad and speaks softer in a harsh tone] Or maybe I can just get on a couple of message boards. [backs away and speaks normally] No, I'm good! I don't need it!"
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Gerald, [walks closer to Gerald] what's going on?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Nothing, Sheila. I'm fine. [turns so his body faces the table] I'm just trying to make some changes and less electronics is part of it. I'm sorry, Honey. Everything is okay. Promise."
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Okay, Gerald. I'll make us some lunch. [walks to the kitchen] Oh uh, did that guy outside talk to you?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[faces the front window] What guy outside? [walks towards the window and sees Dick on the other side of the road from his house] What the fuck? [checks on Sheila and then whispers to Dick] Go away, go! [waves his arms sideways] Go! Go away! Go go!"
Wieners Out,Dick,"[shows a note to Gerald that says ""WE REALLY HAVE TO TALK"", then drops the paper to show the other note saying ""IT'S IMPORTANT""]"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[whispers quickly, closes the blind and curtains of the window, and then walks away]"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park Elementary gymnasium. A large crowd of people watch the girls volleyball game.
Wieners Out,Sports Commentator,Welcome students and parents to tonight's matchup between the South Park Cows and the Bona Festa Demons.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Dude, this is awesome! Did you see how many of the boys I've got to come out tonight?!"
Wieners Out,Stan,Yeah! This is a pretty sweet turnout!
Wieners Out,Wendy,[smiles at Stan]
Wieners Out,Kyle,This is exactly what we needed. Thank god people listen to me.
Wieners Out,Referee,[blows whistle]
Wieners Out,Sports Commentator,"And now please sit, stand, or kneel for the National Anthem."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,National Anthem plays
Wieners Out,Butters,"[takes off his pants and underwear, pulls his shirt, and raises his fist causing people to be shocked]"
Wieners Out,Jason,"Holy crap, dude. Look at Butters."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,"other boys gradually start to follow Butters' actions except for adults, Kyle, and Stan"
Wieners Out,Kyle,Oh [hits his face] no!
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park.
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[walks through town depressed and then quickly dodges a bicyclist] Son a bitch! Ahhh! [walks near the Community Center, reads a sign about addiction problems, and checks the group]"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park Community Center. A group of guys are in a social group hosted by Randy.
Wieners Out,Randy,"Gerald. Hey come on in. You're not alone, bud. We're all facing the same struggles and trying to do something about it. Anyways please continue, Richard."
Wieners Out,Gerald,[sits on the available chair to the right of Randy]
Wieners Out,Richard,"Well like I was saying, I've been addicted to memberberries for the past two months now."
Wieners Out,Randy,"It's okay, man. You're not alone."
Wieners Out,Richard,"It's just, you know, 'membering is more fun than thinking. I want so bad to go back to when things were good. When I was a kid, you know like, the 80s and the 90s, and things made sense."
Wieners Out,Randy,And that's how we got here to this very memberberry election.
Wieners Out,Gerald,What is this?!
Wieners Out,Randy,"What have been your struggles with memberberries, Gerald?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"I, I don't even know what a member--."
Wieners Out,Berries,"[muffled from Michael's pocket] 'Member the Dagobah? Yeah, I remember the Dagobah. That's where Yoda lives. 'Member Yoda?! Oh, I 'member!"
Wieners Out,Randy,"[coughs] Michael, are there memberberries in your pocket?"
Wieners Out,Berries,"Oh, 'member Corellian Corvette?! I remember Corellian Corvette!"
Wieners Out,Michael,[sqishes the memberberries] Nope!
Wieners Out,Randy,"Anyway, Gerald, what has your experience been?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,I don't even know what memberberries are.
Wieners Out,Stephen,"Gerald, come on. The first step towards healing is admitting you've got a problem."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Yeah. [stands up and points at Stephen] Well you've got a fat pussy, and you should go and fucking kill yourself! [calms down] Sorry, I think I'm in the wrong place. [walks away]"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary: Principal's Office. PC Principal talks with Wendy, Bebe, Annie Knitts, and Nichole."
Wieners Out,PC Principal,"Make no mistake! I want to be very upset. However, as a community, we have all decided that people have the right to protest the National Anthem."
Wieners Out,Wendy,They took their wieners out!
Wieners Out,PC Principal,[points upwards] Correct! [lowers his arms] But they did so peacefully and without malice towards others.
Wieners Out,Wendy,This was an attack on us. This is exactly why we sat out the National Anthem in the first place!
Wieners Out,PC Principal,"I want you to understand something, ladies. [positions his hands parallel from each other] I am in a PC Pretzel here because if I say [moves his hands to his right] they can't protest even though [moves his hands to the left of him] you protested [moves his hand back towards the middle] and the only difference is that their protest included physical gestures, then I'm body shaming!"
Wieners Out,Bebe,So you're just gonna let the boys take their wieners out whenever they want?
Wieners Out,PC Principal,That's what happens when you sit out the National Anthem.
Wieners Out,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary: hallways. Stan and Kyle put their stuff in their lockers. While hearing Butters, they face him in shock."
Wieners Out,Butters,[speaks through a microphone while rallying a group of boys with their pants pulled out] We walk together in peace! We walk together in peace! We're not poor for feeling ashamed in who we are! We're not gonna feel guilt for the way we were born! Wieners out!
Wieners Out,Wieners Out boys (except Butters),Wieners out!
Wieners Out,Butters,"Don't let anyone tell you you are somehow nice because you're a boy! Don't let anyone tell you to not think with your wiener, as if your wiener is a bad thing!"
Wieners Out,Wieners Out boys (except Butters),Yeah!
Wieners Out,Butters,"What makes us different makes us beautiful! No more shame, no more doubt, no more bigotry!"
Wieners Out,Wendy,[runs away from the rally]
Wieners Out,Wieners Out boys (except Butters),Wieners out!
Wieners Out,Butters,Don't be an Uncle Kyle! Be proud of who you are!
Wieners Out,Stan,[pulls down his pants and joins the rally]
Wieners Out,Butters,You are either with us or against us! It's really that simple!
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The Broflovski master bedroom. Gerald brushes his teeth when he suddenly hears a flute playing. He checks the window and sees Dick playing on a tree branch.
Wieners Out,Gerald,[whispers] Damn it! [waves his arms away from the window] I live here! Stop that! [shuts the curtains and lies on the bed next to Sheila]
Wieners Out,Sheila,[stops reading and faces Gerald] You don't have to work tonight?
Wieners Out,Gerald,"No, nothing!"
Wieners Out,Sheila,Wow! I don't remember the last time you were able to get in bed the same time as me.
Wieners Out,Gerald,Got all caught up with work!
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Hey, I'm not complaining. [closes her book] It feels good to have you here."
Wieners Out,Gerald,[gets off the bed and runs away] I'm going on a run!
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park. Gerald is going for a run.
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[gets surprised by the car honking at him] Ah! [raises his fist] Fuck you! [""flips"" his index fingers] Fuck you!"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The Broflovski master bedroom at 2:43 a.m. Sheila is sleeping.
Wieners Out,Gerald,[talks from the master bathroom] Yeah!
Wieners Out,Sheila,[fully wakes up]
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Screw you, Skank! You fat little bitch! Go kill yourself, whore!"
Wieners Out,Shiela,[gets off bed and walks near the master bathroom].
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Yeah, fuck you, bitch! Fuck you! [chuckles]"
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Gerald? [opens the door, gets scared of the Gerald's creepy face, screams, and runs away]"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[lays iPad in the sink and chases Sheila] Oh, sorry, Hun! Sorry!"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The Broflovski hallway. Kyle notices Sheila screaming and exits his room.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Everyone all right, guys?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Everything's fine, Kyle. Go back to bed."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The Broflovski kitchen. Gerald and Sheila sit down on the table to have talk.
Wieners Out,Sheila,"[wipes her eyes with tissue] One night you, you say all of our computer stuff is broken and you, you hide everything and then you show up with all of this new equipment and now this! Please, tell me what's going on!"
Wieners Out,Gerald,Nothing is going on!
Wieners Out,Sheila,"[points at Gerald] You hissed at me! You went [faces to her right, hisses, and then faces back at him]."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Okay, okay. I'm going to tell you the truth, Sheila. I watch porn on the Internet. I'm sorry. I'll try to stop."
Wieners Out,Sheila,"But I know you watch porn. You told me you watched porn and I told you that I don't care, Gerald."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"Oh yeah! But uh, it's uh, but this is different."
Wieners Out,Sheila,Why?! Because it's not normal porn?
Wieners Out,Gerald,Right!
Wieners Out,Sheila,Like something really embarrassing?
Wieners Out,Gerald,It's really embarrassing.
Wieners Out,Sheila,Tell me!
Wieners Out,Gerald,"It's... porn! It's... uh, piss! Porn! Piss porn!"
Wieners Out,Sheila,Piss porn? Like people peeing on each other?
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[stands up] See?! [walks closer to Sheila] It's so embarrassing! No wonder I hid it, right?! [wipes his forehead] Whew! [moves closer to Sheila] I'm sorry! It's good to get it out in the open though. [walks to bed]"
Wieners Out,Sheila,Do you want me to pee on you?
Wieners Out,Gerald,[stops and turns around] No!
Wieners Out,Sheila,You only like watching other women pee?
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[walks closer to Sheila] Oh no, no! It's not like that."
Wieners Out,Sheila,[turns around] Because they're pretty? You have to watch around a video because I'm overweight and old?
Wieners Out,Gerald,"No! I, I, I want you to! I just couldn't ask."
Wieners Out,Sheila,"You do, promise? [faces Gerald]"
Wieners Out,Gerald,[in complete shock] Yes?
Wieners Out,Scene Description,"The Broflovski master bedroom. Gerald lies on the bed with his top off. Romantic music plays as Sheila walks out of the master bathroom and onto the bed over Gerald's head, while wearing a sex outfit and peeing on him. Gerald gnarls moving his head back and forth."
Wieners Out,Sheila,"Am I doing it right, Gerald?"
Wieners Out,Gerald,Yep! [gnarls]
Wieners Out,Ike,[watches Gerald and Sheila from the hallway]
Wieners Out,Gerald,"So hot, I mean [gnarls] warm! [gnarls some more]"
Wieners Out,Kyle,[walks behind Ike and gets shocked by Gerald and Sheila's actions]
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park Elementary: hallways. Eric Cartman sits on the stairs sewing a necklace and Kyle approaches him.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Hi, Cartman."
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[looks at Kyle] Hey, Kyle."
Wieners Out,Kyle,"I'm so sorry, what we did to you. This Internet troll has everyone going crazy. We shouldn't have assumed it was you. We shouldn't have broke all of your stuff."
Wieners Out,Cartman,Cool. That's cool.
Wieners Out,Kyle,No! I know it's not cool. I know you're figuring out how to get back at us.
Wieners Out,Cartman,"I saw a vagina, Kyle."
Wieners Out,Kyle,What?!
Wieners Out,Cartman,I'm not holding a grudge. I'm happier now. I have purpose.
Wieners Out,Kyle,You saw who's vagina?
Wieners Out,Cartman,"My girlfriend's. She stood six feet away and flashed it really fast. But in that instant, you know what I saw? I saw that humankind can colonize Mars. I saw the potential of our species to terraform other planets and reach the infinite."
Wieners Out,Kyle,"[lays his hand on his forehead] Yeah right, okay. [lowers his hand] I'm being serious, Cartman. Butters needs to be taken down a notch and you're the best at that."
Wieners Out,Heidi,"[overlaps Kyle's last few words and approaches Eric] Eric, hey! I got us both chocolate milks."
Wieners Out,Cartman,[stands up and talks to Heidi] Of course you did 'cause you're amazing. Look at what I made you.
Wieners Out,Heidi,The pink and blue one?!
Wieners Out,Cartman,That's what my baby wanted.
Wieners Out,Heidi,"[raises her arms and cheers] Yay, [lowers her arms] put it on me!"
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[puts the necklace on Heidi and faces Kyle] Oh sorry. Heidi, you know Kyle?"
Wieners Out,Heidi,"[faces Kyle] Oh yeah. Hey, Kyle. [talks to Eric while they hold hands] The show's on at five tonight if you want to watch it at your house or my house."
Wieners Out,Cartman,"Oh either way, we totally can. I, I guess Kyle has something to talk to us something about first, um. [talks to Kyle] Go ahead, Kyle."
Wieners Out,Kyle,"[in complete shock] The, the school is in trouble and, um our friends are..."
Wieners Out,Cartman,He said something about us working together to take down Butters.
Wieners Out,Heidi,"Why? What's going on, Boo?"
Wieners Out,Cartman,"I'm not sure, Boo. [faces Kyle] Could you start from the beginning, Kyle? [faces Heidi] Heidi is amazing at figuring stuff out."
Wieners Out,Kyle,[pauses in complete shock]
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park park. Gerald sits on a bench and starts gnarling after seeing a dog pee on a tree. Dick sits down next to Gerald.
Wieners Out,Gerald,"It wasn't suppose to be like this. I just thought it was funny making people get wild up. It was just stupid-harmless-lock-room humor, till I made that lady kill herself."
Wieners Out,Dick,"[sighs] You can't deny who you are, Skankhunt."
Wieners Out,Gerald,[speaks softer and faces Dick] Don't call me that here! Why can't you just go away?!
Wieners Out,Dick,Because we're all in danger. Didn't you see the video I sent you?
Wieners Out,Gerald,"No! Don't you get it?! I went ""Protocol Zero""! I broke my phone, I delete all my email accounts so that nobody can trace me [faces away from the bench] ever again!"
Wieners Out,Dick,"They will be able to, [faces Gerald] everyone. You need to see this video, Skankhunt. The whole world is about to change."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Sizzler. Kyle sits with Cartman and Heidi next to each other.
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[talks to Kyle] You want to know what's really going on? I'll tell you what's going on. Even though women have made great gains in the last century, there are still a part of men who aren't comfortable with women having power. It really just comes down to that, and then you have social media which allows men to anonymously say horrific things like ""Women aren't funny,"" even though Heidi's like the funniest person I'be ever met."
Wieners Out,Heidi,Shut up.
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[talks to Heidi] No, it's true. Get over yourself."
Wieners Out,Kyle,[starts to get bored]
Wieners Out,Heidi,I don't even try to be funny.
Wieners Out,Cartman,I know. You don't have to 'cause you're awesome.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"Cartman, will you just help me mess with Butters to stop his little agroclub from getting any bigger?"
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[talks to Kyle] Like mess with Butters how? [lifts mug] What do you mean ""mess with Butters""? [drinks from mug]"
Wieners Out,Kyle,You know what I mean. Come on! We need the old Cartman back!
Wieners Out,Cartman,[gets mad] Oh I see! You have a problem with Heidi.
Wieners Out,Heidi,What?
Wieners Out,Cartman,You're threatened by her because she actually has interesting things to say and she is funnier than you.
Wieners Out,Kyle,That's not true at all!
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[talks sarcastically] Oh she's not funnier than you, [speaks with anger] or is she just not funny because she's a girl?"
Wieners Out,Heidi,"Babe, stop. I don't think he meant anything by it."
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[talks to Heidi] Sorry, babe. It just really ruffles my feathers."
Wieners Out,Heidi,"[talks to Kyle] Look, Kyle, I think it's great you're trying to patch things up with everyone, but the truth is Eric and I are just kind of out of it now."
Wieners Out,Cartman,"[talks to Kyle] Look, Kyle, we're just out of it now."
Wieners Out,Heidi,We gave up social media and the ugliness that goes along with it and we're in a better place.
Wieners Out,Cartman,Humans on Mars.
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park park. Dick and Gerald are sitting together on a bench.
Wieners Out,Dick,"I'm warning you, Skankhunt, [takes out his laptop and types] this video is really gonna rock your world."
Wieners Out,Gerald,"[talks softer] Can you please call me ""Gerald""?!"
Wieners Out,Dick,"[gives Gerald his laptop] It's very obscure news story from the BBC in England. Hardly anyone has seen it over here. [presses a button and faces away from the bench] This is why we all have to come together, Skank."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Internet video is played.
Wieners Out,BBC reporter,"Since the dawn of the Internet, message boards and chat rooms have lit up with people who insight and insult for no apparent reason. They're called [picture of guy with an actual troll behind him is shown] trolls, and a controversial company in Denmark is working to make them a thing of the pass. ""The days of trolls hiding behind nicknames and message boards are over!"" the Danish claim. [Danish music is played] As a new website, [Troll Trace headquarters is shown] Trolltrace.com will soon be up and running. In less than a month, the servers will become active. Anyone can take any troll comment and send it through the Danish service where a real name and real physical address will be attached."
Wieners Out,Bedrager,"[World spinning with the word ""STIMULATION"" is shown] Every message, every comment [comment is scan, world stops spinning, and a tracer is shown] ever made by trolls will retroactively be given a tag [troll's true identity is shown] with the author's name, location, and [police barge into the troll's house] whole Internet history."
Wieners Out,Gerald,[in complete shock] Fffffuuuuuccckkk!
Wieners Out,Dick,I told you.
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Interview is shown
Wieners Out,BBC reporter,And this is the man who has masterminded it all.
Wieners Out,Bedrager,"What this will allow people to do is trace back harmful and hateful postings or emails. You see, the troll hides behind a protective layer if you will that Internet enmity provides. We intend to strip them of that protection so that everyone will know who they are."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Gerald wipes his forehead of sweat.
Wieners Out,BBC reporter,And what about people who will use this to spy on others who aren't trolls?
Wieners Out,Bedrager,"Uh, what do you mean?"
Wieners Out,BBC reporter,"Once your servers become active, anyone can trace anything onto the Internet back to whoever wrote it. How do you stop that from happening?"
Wieners Out,Bedrager,"Oh oh, right. [coughs and faces the camera] This service is only for tracing the identity of trolls. Thank you. Kom ud trold, komme ud og dø."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The video ends.
Wieners Out,Dick,"I Google Translated the last part. He said ""Come out troll, come out and die""."
Wieners Out,Gerald,This can't be happening.
Wieners Out,Dick,"By next week, everything everyone has ever done online is going to be available to the public."
Wieners Out,Gerald,[closes laptop] Then it's over. I'm dead.
Wieners Out,Dick,"[faces Gerald] You're not dead, Skankhunt. There's still hope."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,South Park Elementary cafeteria.
Wieners Out,Kyle,"[shouts] Everyone, can I have your attention please?! [everyone has his attention] I know the past few weeks have been very difficult, for all of us. I know now more than ever that something has to change. I thought a lot about this the past few days. I've seen a lot of things I never thought I would have see. These are all complex issues we're all having to face, and now that I know that after you break it down, there's really only one answer. [pulls off his pants, holds his shirt, and raises his arm]"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,The girls get upset
Wieners Out,Boys,"Yeah! [one of them says ""That's right."" as they all gradually pull off their pants]"
Wieners Out,Butters,"Good for you, Uncle Kyle!"
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Some of the girls leave while some of the boys lift Kyle up.
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Secret room. Dick drags Gerald who is wearing a bandana over his eyes.
Wieners Out,Dick,"[takes off the bandana and crumples it in his shirt] Fellow trolls, let me introduce you to Skankhunt42."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Ten other trolls are seen in the meeting.
Wieners Out,Gerald,I'm not necessarily Skankhunt42.
Wieners Out,Troll #1,"It's okay, Skank. You're with your kind."
Wieners Out,Scene Description,Gerald is in shock and Dick closes the door of the room.
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,South Park Elementary playground. The boys and girls are yelling at each other as Nelly and Butters are about to fight each other.
Douche and a Danish,Jason,Hit her!
Douche and a Danish,Random Boy,"Hit her, man!"
Douche and a Danish,Annie,"Kick his ass, Nelly!"
Douche and a Danish,Red,All boys should die!
Douche and a Danish,Lola,Take him out!
Douche and a Danish,Nelly,"I don't care if you're a boy, I'm gonna kick your ass!"
Douche and a Danish,Butters,"[is seen with his pants put down and shirt pulled up] Anytime anywhere, skank."
Douche and a Danish,Boys (except Butters),Yeah!
Douche and a Danish,Boys (except Butters),Yeah!
Douche and a Danish,Nelly,Pull up your stupid pants first.
Douche and a Danish,Butters,Why? You're afraid to fight me like a man?
Douche and a Danish,Clyde,"Kick her ass, Butters. She called you stupid."
Douche and a Danish,Wendy,He is stupid! Look at him!
Douche and a Danish,Jimmy,At least he's not a zzzzitty-faced ggirl.
Douche and a Danish,Boys (expect Butters and Jimmy),Yeah!
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"[walks from the girls side of the fight to the in between Nelly and Butters and spreads his arms] Hey hey hey! Whoa, guys! Guys! [crowd stops yelling] Hasn't this gone on long enough? Aren't we tired of being so divided at skewl?"
Douche and a Danish,Annie,"Get out of here, Cartman; nobody's buying it."
Douche and a Danish,Red,"Yeah, everyone knows you're the worst!"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"Hey, leave him alone! [walks from the boys side of the fight to near Cartman] Eric tries to help [spreads her arms] and you call him names?! [talks to Cartman] Sorry, babe, I had to step in."
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"It's cool, Baby."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,[Heidi and Cartman kiss each other and causing the others to be flabbergasted]
Douche and a Danish,Wendy,Heidi?!
Douche and a Danish,Annie,[faints]
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Heidi has been really hurt by all of this, you guys. And I think it's time for us to all try to come together, as a skewl."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,Presidential speech break room. Publicist speaks with Garrison.
Douche and a Danish,Advisor #1,"All right sir [gives Garrison his lines], don't be nervous for your speech; I know we're down a bit in the polls, but there's still a great chance we can win the Swing States."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"There's [flips through pages] still a chance, are you serious?!"
Douche and a Danish,Publicist #1,"Just one thing sir, be a little careful of what you say about women. Uh, seems like that might be losing us some votes. [walks away]"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,[puts his hand under his chin] Oh you don't say?
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"A campaign rally, later. ""Make America Great Again."" Chris Christie is at the podium]''"
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,"Ladies and gentlemen, out country's divided like never before. And we all know that only one man has the guts to say what we're all thinking. Please, welcome the man who with your help will soon be the next President of the United States! [Mr. Garrison comes out to great fanfare and takes the mic.]"
Douche and a Danish,Crowd Members,Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! Douche! [somewhere in there a man shrieks. Garrison lights up a cigarette and starts pacing]
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"So I'm standin' in line at the airport, waitin' in security 'cause of all the freakin' Muslims. [cheers and applause]"
Douche and a Danish,Supporter,Ow!
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"And the TSA security people all look like black thugs from the inner city; I'm like ""Oh good, you're gonna protect us?"" [laughter] Well maybe it's good they're all gang members. At least they can tell the difference between Muslims and Mexicans, 'cause God knows I can't. [applause] You know, I'm standin' there in line and you know what I do? I stick my finger in this chick's asshole, [applause and laughter] and she turns to me and says, ""Hey, aren't you that guy that's running for President?"" I say Yeah. She says ""Why you got your finger in my ass?"" I say ""I'm just keeping it warm, honey, 'cause that chick next to you is way hotter and I'm gonna stick it in her clam."" [the men are clapping, the women just look at him now] Yeah, let's make America great again. No dude wants his finger in some ugly bitch's ass. [the men laugh] You gotta be careful though, it's only about half an inch away, you know, that asshole and that clam, so you gotta be careful. Right dudes? [A woman gets up and makes her way to the aisle] Oh. Oh, where are you goin'? Are you leavin? [the woman turns right to leave the rally] I'm sorry, did I offend you? Where did I lose you, honey? You've been okay with the ""fuck everyone to death,"" all the Muslim and Mexican shit, but fingers in the ass did it for ya? [she reaches the door and exits] Cool, just wanted to see where your line was! [some more women get up, one of them leaves with her husband] Oh yeah, look, I guess some more broads are leavin'. Oh Jeez you were so on board, I can't believe I let that little offensive mark slip. Poor girls. Did you get your feelings hurt after ""Fuck all the immigrants"" and?"" Jeez, I'm sorry. Jeez."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"Trolltrace.com, day. A camera zooms into it. Lennart Bedrager dances into view."
Douche and a Danish,Bedrager,"[in a weird accent] Hello. Are you tired of hate speech? Are you sick of sexism and-a bigotry? Then please, help the Danish put an end to trolls."
Douche and a Danish,Danes,Tjing tjang tjing nutillej.
Douche and a Danish,Bedrager,"Right now, the people of Denmark are working on a biometric computer superstructure which will allow people all around the world to identify the trolls in their communities."
Douche and a Danish,Danes,Tjing tjang tjing nutillej.
Douche and a Danish,Bedrager,"But to make this dream into a reality, we still need your donations. We are just a few million kroners away, so please donate via the social media of your choice."
Douche and a Danish,Danes,[four windows open and some Danes sing out] Tjing tjang tjing nutillej.
Douche and a Danish,Bedrager,"Just imagine it, knowing who said what on the Internet."
Douche and a Danish,Dane 1,The whole world will be-a peaceful and happy.
Douche and a Danish,Dane 2,"Like-a here, in Denmark."
Douche and a Danish,Dane 3,Help fund our project on social media today!
Douche and a Danish,Danes,"Together, we will rid the world of trolls. Tjing tjang lu, Tjing tjang lu, Tjing tjang tjing nutillej!"
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,The darkened room from last episode. The trolls are gathered there again to plan their next move.
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"Fellow trolls, we have gathered together because our anonymity is being threatened. Individually, we are some of the most notorious trolls in Colorado. We must now find a way to unite. Each one of us has the power to make message boards go haywire, The power to make individuals buckle and fall. Imagine if we use those skills against a common enemy."
Douche and a Danish,Troll #2,They have an entire government at their disposal.
Douche and a Danish,Dick,And we... have Skankhunt42.
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,[sighs] It's Gerald. Alright?
Douche and a Danish,Dick,I believe that he... is the key to stopping all this.
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. PC Principal is holding an assembly"
Douche and a Danish,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. This school is falling apart, and it needs to stop. Boys are harassing girls, and girls are stereotyping boys as- Not now, Mr. Stotch! Put it away!"
Douche and a Danish,Butters,[with his pants down and dick out] Well okay. [pulls his pants back up.]
Douche and a Danish,PC Principal,"Now I've asked for some ideas and a couple of students wanna try and help. Please welcome Heidi and Eric. [they come up wearing matching shirts: ""COME TOGETHER as a school""]"
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,Hey you guys?
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,What's up? [the other kids stay silent]
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Guys, we have a lot of problems facing our skewl. I don't know if many of you know Heidi but she's really smart and really funny."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"Eheh, stop, Eric."
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"You are. And she's come up with a pretty cool idea. Tell 'em, baby."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"Thanks, babe. I don't know if you guys have heard, but right now, Denmark is trying to make trolling a thing of the past. They're asking for help, and I thought ""why not a school fundraiser?"""
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Yeah, but the way you said it was actually way funnier, remember?"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,What? How did I say it? [from here their voices get softer and softer until they're whispering to each other]
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Remember, you were like ""Oh, what if we had a fundraiser?"" in uh, what was it? [they hold hands] Remember, you- it was like uh-"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,When was this? Were we at Denny's?
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Yeah, we were having uhh, that dessert thing. What was that, that-?"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"[giggling] Oh, and you kept spilling it and everything?"
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Yeah, yeah, remember? Remember that there was that, that guy that had that, what was it"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,He had that weird haircut and you kept saying that it looked like he had a dick on his head.
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Yeah yeah yeah, that's when you said that- don't let anybody- [they get lost in the moment for a few seconds whispering to each other. The other kids lean forward trying to understand what they're discussing. Cartman notices, then] Oh hey guys. Wha-what's up? Oh right. A school fundraiser. Tomorrow, we'll be going to each individual class with more information. And after that..."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,Then we should all come together [mimicking Cartman] as a skewl. [Cartman giggles and sighs happily. Bebe throws up involuntarily]
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,Campaign headquarters. Garrison's advisers are exasperated after his disastrous rally. Caitlyn is polishing her nails
Douche and a Danish,Advisor #1,"Sir, what were you thinking? We said to be careful how you talked about women."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"[satisfied with himself] Yeah I don't know, I guess I just kind of screwed the pooch on that one. [checks for any Pabst Blue Ribbon cans with beer left in them]"
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,We are way down in the polls. I don't know how we recover from this.
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,Oh really? Jeez that's too bad. [dusts off his pants and checks his shoes]
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,A lot of us have staked our lives on backing you! You can't just go bonkers like this!
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Hey, sorry. I didn't realize women were racists."
Douche and a Danish,Advisor 2,You have... millions of supporters who are looking to you to lead! They're gonna wanna know what you're gonna do about this!
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"I mean, I don't know. Nothin'. Whatever."
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,You wanna tell them that? They're outside. [Garrison is horrified.]
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"Campaign headquarters, outside. a crowd of people wait to hear from Garrison. He cracks the door open and looks out"
Douche and a Danish,Supporter 1,What's goin' on?!
Douche and a Danish,Supporter 2,What are ya doin?!
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"[steps outside] Oh, uh hey everybody. Uh, looks like we're tanking in the polls, but you know what? It's fixed. I was never gonna win in the first place. I knew it from the beginning. And on November 8th, when I lose, I'll be able to say ""I told you so!"" [grins. The crowd is not amused.]"
Douche and a Danish,Supporter 2,This son of a bitch pulled a fast one on us!
Douche and a Danish,Supporter 3,It's like he's not even trying!
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Oh no, I'm I'm trying. I just-"
Douche and a Danish,Supporter 2,Get him!
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Shiiit! [he runs off, and the crowd gives chase] Ohhh Jeeez! [people in the crowd come armed with shovels, pitchforks, bats, axes, knives, guns... One person even has a chainsaw he has trouble starting up.]"
Douche and a Danish,Supporters,Kill him! Tear his head off! Don't let him get away!
Douche and a Danish,Supporter 4,[ginally gets that chainsaw going] Yeah haw!
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"The Airport Hilton. A concierge walks the hallways, humming to himself, and stops by a private conference: ""Rape Victims Anonymous"""
Douche and a Danish,Andrew,[knocks on the door]
Douche and a Danish,Anonymous821,What do you want? Go away.
Douche and a Danish,Andrew,"Hey, just checking to see if you needed any more refreshments for the conference room?"
Douche and a Danish,Anyomous821,We're fine. We don't need anything.
Douche and a Danish,A Troll,[within the room] Some more creamer?
Douche and a Danish,Anonymous821,Just some more creamer.
Douche and a Danish,Andrew,"Alright, well, I just wanna say ""thanks for choosing the-"" [the troll shuts the door]"
Douche and a Danish,Anonymous821,"Okay, we're clear again."
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"You were saying, Skankhunt?"
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Alright, look. How do you troll somebody?"
Douche and a Danish,Troll 4,Say really fucked up shit and make them quit social media?
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"No, no, no, it's not about one person. It's about pushing people's buttons so that they'll react in a way that pushes other people's buttons. Look, you don't just troll a woman with cancer to get a reaction from her, it's all about the group of people that are gonna come to her defense. They're gonna be so self-righteous that another group of people will eventually find those people totally annoying. You're just setting them against each other. It's like the fission reaction that sets off the fusion explosion. The Internet does it all, and you just sit back with your glass of wine and laugh."
Douche and a Danish,Anonymous821,Wow... that seems kind of... mean.
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,It's not mean if it's hilarious.
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"If we all worked with you, Skank, could we do it? Could we troll an entire country?"
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,If we all worked together? Maybe. [makes a fist with his left hand] Maybe.
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Mrs. Nelson has a lesson on mammals on the board, but Heidi is talking to the class about something else."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"Hey guys. Today we're gonna start our school fundraiser. It's an idea I came up with called ""Danishes for Denmark."""
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,[almost whispering] It's awesome. You're doing awesome.
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"We need everyone to do their part, so later on in the cafeteria, we are all gonna need to- [the classroom door opens and Heidi looks to see who opened it. Mr. Garrison rushes in and gets to work immediately]"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"[frantic] Okay children, let's take our seats! Let's uh, get back to our lessons on grammar, shall we?"
Douche and a Danish,Stan,Mr. Garrison?
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Okay, does anybody, uh, remember where we left off? No? Alright, uh, who can tell me what an adjective is? [to Mrs. Nelson] You can go now, I'm back. [to the class] Who can t-who can tell me what an adjective is?"
Douche and a Danish,Token,"Uh, aren't you running for President?"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Adjectives usually come before what? They come before nouns, that's right."
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,"[clears his throat] Mr. Garrison, you can't just act like nothing happened! You're spiraling out of control, and you have to answer to the people!"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"I don't know what you're talking about! I am a teacher! [back to the board] Okay, adjectives describe nouns, and there are several types of them-"
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,Mr. Garrison.
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"What are some examples of adjectives you can give me for this sentence? Anybody? [writes ""Jack threw the ball."" on the board.]"
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,"You sold people a line, Mr. Garrison, and you have to make good on it!"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"The yellow ball. That's a good one. Or we can say ""the slippery ball,"" can't we?"
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,Come on. [his advisers come in.]
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"What else about the ball? No, please! [The advisers gather around him and carry him off] What else can we say about the ball, children? No, please! Leave me alone!"
Douche and a Danish,Butters,The bouncy ball?
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"[grabs a chalk stick and scratches it against the blackboard] No! No, I'm not going back! Please! They're gonna kill me, children! Please! Help me, children! Help me! [Chris Christie shuts the door]"
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"[The Broflovski house, day. Gerald and Dick arrive and go inside. They carry with them keyboards, computers, cables...]'"
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Okay, come on. Office is upstairs. [they run into Sheila] Oh, hi honey."
Douche and a Danish,Sheila,"Gerald, you're back from your convention?"
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Yeah, it went really well. This is uh, my IT guy. Gonna help me get my office computers set back up."
Douche and a Danish,Sheila,"Well, can I make you guys somethin' to eat?"
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Don't worry about us, hon. Lots of work to do. Love you so much! [he and Dick go on upstairs.] Ike, no Internet tonight. We need all the bandwidth we can get. Say hi to Dildo Shwaggins."
Douche and a Danish,Dick,Hello. [Gerald closes the door]
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,[Gerald's home office. Gerald and Dick sit on the floor putting the computers back in place.]'
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"I gotta hand it to you, Gerald. You have a really nice home, nice family."
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,Yeah? Well now you see I have a lot to lose if they find out who I am.
Douche and a Danish,Dick,And who is that?
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,What?
Douche and a Danish,Dick,I've studied your work. You're so good at lashing out at the system. Bringing people down off their high horses. Why do you do it?
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"I told you, it's just funny to me. I do it for the lulz."
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"I don't believe that. I think there's more to Skankhunt. When I was in school, kids teased me. Called me ""midget,"" even though I'm not. My mother was a little person, but she actually married a guy who had gigantism syndrome. She thought, if she was a little person and had a baby with a giant, I would come out normal. [Gerald stifles a laugh] We can't let these Danish pricks take our online lives, Skank. For some of us... it's all we have."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. A banner over the kitchen entrance reads ""SCHOOL FUNDRAISER. LET'S ALL WORK TOGETHER."" All the kids are making Danishes and PC Principal supervises it all."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi and Cartman,Let's come together as a skewl.
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,We can work together hand in hand to make the whole world understand that
Douche and a Danish,Heidi and Cartman,We came together as a skewl.
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Put our difference aside, feeling hope now feeling pride. No more fighting, it's time for something new."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi and Cartman,Let's come together as a skewl.
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"During the song, the following things are seen: Two kids come up to get some trays with freshly backed Danishes on them, two other kids hand them the trays. Stan, Wendy, and Millie spread frosting on the Danishes. Butters and Nelly do the same at another table. Red passes by. Nichole and Token prepare the batter, as do Tweek and a girl. Clyde and Bebe pack the Danishes up and hand them to Nelly, then move on to the next box. By the time the song ends, the kids look tired. Annie, Kyle, Kevin, and another girl are putting frosting on their Danishes."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"I really feel like this is the start of something new! We're gonna help Denmark, and Denmark is gonna put an end to trolls."
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,And then maybe everyone can finally be as happy as we are.
Douche and a Danish,Heidi and Cartman,Let's come together as a skewl.
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,Terraform Mars.
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"Shi Tpa Town, day. Mr. Garrison rans past City Wok"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Oooooohhh. [stops to catch his breath, then sees his advisers and runs again] Oohh!"
Douche and a Danish,Adviser,He went this way!
Douche and a Danish,Chris Christie,Get back here! You're acting like an idiot! [Behind the advisers is the crowd of supporters with their weapons]
Douche and a Danish,Supporters,"Get him! String him up! We put our faith in you, asshole!"
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,The trolls are in their own homes now.
Douche and a Danish,Dick,Test test 1 2. This is Dildo Shwaggins. We are ready to commence the trashing of Denmark. All trolls report in.
Douche and a Danish,PurpleheadedQueeflicker,PurpleheadedQueeflicker standing by.
Douche and a Danish,Che Gamorrah,[voice over] Che Gamorrah standing by.
Douche and a Danish,MLKKK,MLKKK and I'm ready.
Douche and a Danish,Anonymous821,Anonymous821 signed in to multiple accounts and standing by.
Douche and a Danish,URFATANDDUM,[voice over] URFATANDDUM standing by.
Douche and a Danish,SuperSexyLisa18,SuperSexyLisa18 standing by.
Douche and a Danish,YourMomsTits,[voice over] YourMomsTits standing by.
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,Skankhunt42 standing by.
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"Okay. everyone follow Skankhunt's lead. Don't get distracted, we are only trolling Denmark."
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Alright, engaging Twitter... now! Prepare for overreaction on my mark. 3... 2... Mark."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Sleet falls to the ground as the wind howls through town. Thunder rolls by. Garrison, dripping wet from the sleet, finds a door and steps inside - it's the South Park Community Center. He sees the members of Member Berries Anonymous seated around a circle, with an empty chair waiting for the random walk-in. Garrison's spray tan is washing off."
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"Hey, Mr. Garrison. Come on in, bud. Have a seat, you're not alone."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"You, you're not gonna try and lynch me too?"
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"No lynchings here, little cowboy. Take a seat. [Garrison takes the seat] You wanna share with us what you're goin' through?"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"[crying softly] It's all my fault. I just wanted to get rid of all the immigrants, you know? [takes out a napkin and blows his nose with it] I just- I thought we could fuck them all to death, and everyone started listening to me. Next thing I know I actually get the nomination from the Republicans!"
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"It's not your fault, little guy."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"It is my fault! I told people I could make the country great again, but I didn't have a plan!"
Douche and a Danish,Randy,Not your fault.
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"I got caught up in people cheerin' for me, bein' in the media every day. I, I led this entire election down the shitter."
Douche and a Danish,Randy,You've gotta stop blaming yourself.
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"Well then, whose fault is it?!"
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"Here, catch. [tosses a member berry at him]"
Douche and a Danish,Member Berry,Member Lando Calrissian? Member tauntauns? Member? Member feeling safe?
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,What the fuck is this?
Douche and a Danish,Randy,That... is why millions of Americans want you to be President. But there's more...
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house. Gerald is in bed, sleeping. Dick knocks on his bedroom door and Gerald wakes up. He checks for Sheila, but she's not in bed. He gets up to answer the door, and Dick shows him the latest headline: DENMARK IN TURMOIL!"
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"It's started! [smiles. Gerald smiles back, then grins.]"
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,The living room. Gerald and Dick run down to the sofa and take seats
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,Did they pick it up on Yahoo?
Douche and a Danish,Dick,"Don't know, but Google has it as the number one story."
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Oh, shit! Go to, go to Huffington!"
Douche and a Danish,Bill Keegan,Millions of people took to the Internet last night after shocking claims were made about the Danish company LEGO and their ties to ISIS.
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,Oh yes! This is CNN front page right now.
Douche and a Danish,CNN Anchor,It now appears the country of Denmark was the victim of a massive troll. The country is still reeling from the LEGO hoax story.
Douche and a Danish,Bill Keegan,"Tom, by the time the hoax was revealed the damage had already been done. Millions of people got on the anti-Denmark bandwagon, and when millions more came in to support Denmark, hundreds of millions more got on the anti-Denmark bandwagon."
Douche and a Danish,Dick,We did it! We did it! [Kyle appears at the top of the stairs]
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Oh, Kyle! Ahh, hey, I didn't think you'd be leaving yet."
Douche and a Danish,Kyle,I have a fundraiser at school.
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Well, did you see what was all over the Internet? Everyone's ripping on LEGOs."
Douche and a Danish,Kyle,What?
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Yeah, now the whole world is blowing up with Danish jokes. It's hilarious."
Douche and a Danish,Dick,The Guardian has a bunch of stories up about how the Denmark government isn't responding to even interview requests.
Douche and a Danish,Gerald,"Wow, fuck Denmark, huh Kyle? That's gotta be what just about everyone is thinking now. Fuck Denmark. [Dick grins]"
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"Trolltrace.com, day. Its executives run inside the building for an emergency meeting."
Douche and a Danish,Dane 2,"Sir, public opinion of Denmark is-a very very shit."
Douche and a Danish,Dane 3,All our social media pages are-a filled with million and millions of-a horrible comments.
Douche and a Danish,Dane 4,And our crowd-funding sites are taken over too.
Douche and a Danish,Dane 5,Everyone is making fun of us like we were goofballs.
Douche and a Danish,Dane 6,How could-a this-a happen?
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,"Because that's what trolls DO! I should have known that once they got wind of our little plan, they would start trolling us!"
Douche and a Danish,Dane 7,So then Denmark isn't funding ISIS?
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,Of course not!
Douche and a Danish,Dane 1,But-a how do we prove that to the rest of-a the world?
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,"We can't respond, it will only make the trolls stronger! Our only choice is to go offline"
Douche and a Danish,Dane 5,You mean we have to quit Twitter?
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,"Everything, you ignoramus! The only way to stop the bleeding is for Denmark to get off social media! Pokkers Du Trold!"
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. In front of the school, the kids have set up their Danishes for Denmark stand. Some of the kids are dressed in what appears to be Danish outfits]''"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,Hello. [a car rolls by] Buy a Danish to help stop trolling? How come nobody's stopping? Maybe this was a terrible idea.
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"It was a great idea. [spots another car driving by] Hey! Hey, buy a Danish for Denmark?"
Douche and a Danish,Driver,"Heheh, fuck Denmark"
Douche and a Danish,Butters,[runs up with his boxes and throws then down] That's it! I am through with your stupid crap! Every house I've been to just rips on me and and says Denmark is stupid!
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,What?
Douche and a Danish,Kyle,[arriving] It's true. Denmark got trolled last night. They left social media.
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"Then, all of this was... for nothing."
Douche and a Danish,Butters,I told you fellas! This is what you get for working with a bunch of stupid girls!
Douche and a Danish,Wendy,How is this our fault?! At least we actually did the work!
Douche and a Danish,Clyde,Oh yeah? You guys fucked up all the frosting!
Douche and a Danish,Annie,You assholes overcooked them! [the kids begin to argue with each other]
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,Oh no! This was a terrible idea! [leaves the booth]
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,Heidi! [follows her]
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,"[the side of the school, moments later. Heidi reaches a tree and sobs on it a little. Cartman catches up to her]'"
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,I'm so stupid!
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,Don't say that.
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,Why did I even think I could bring the boys and girls together again?
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"Because you're smart and funny, that's why. It was a great idea, Heidi. [puts his hand on her shoulder] I think that somehow... trolling is playing a bigger part in this than anyone even realizes."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,The member berry anonymous meeting. Mr. Garrison is still there
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"Every great empire reaches a point where going backward can seem more appealing than forward. When the world is changing so fast it makes us yearn for the old ways, when life seemed simpler. But it doesn't mean those old ideas are good for us now. We have to face one hard reality as a country. [stands by an easel with a Star Wars poster on it] The new Star Wars was not as good as everyone thought it was. It may seem fun to go back and recycle the past we loved, but we end up with no sustenance."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,I thought you were gonna explain why people want a guy like me to be President.
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"Well, that's important too, I guess, but, it's just a symptom of the same thing. See, when a civilization has become so big it starts to get lazy, then that's [removes the Star Wars poster to reveal a picture of a member berry orchard] when you get member berries. They're noting new. They date back all the way to the Roman Empire. [shows a painting of a woman giving her lover some member berries.] Once too many Romans ate the member berries there was no more growth. They rested on their laurels just eating and 'membering all the good stuff."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,I think those are just grapes.
Douche and a Danish,Randy,Thought so too till I zoomed in. [removes the painting to show a closeup of just the berries]
Douche and a Danish,Member Berries,Member?
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"You see, we all wanna go back to when we were kids. Simple ideas like a big man to protect us, keep us safe. Instead of a fresh new Star Wars we want the old, just recycled and plopped in our tummies."
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,You almost make it sound like J.J. Abrams is responsible for this entire election.
Douche and a Danish,Randy,"Does this look familiar? [removes the closeup to show J.J. Abrams wearing a cap on which is written ""MAKE STAR WARS GREAT AGAIN.""]"
Douche and a Danish,Garrison,"[takes a good look at the picture, then stands up] Ohh Jeeez."
Douche and a Danish,Scene Description,Trolltrace.com. Lennart Bedrager sits in the conference room alone
Douche and a Danish,Dane 2,Sir! We got a message from overseas. You really should see it.
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,A message how? We're completely offline.
Douche and a Danish,Dane 2,This was sent on VHS. Whoever sent it is-a completely offline too.
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,Put it on the screen. [a video pops up with Cartman and Heidi on it.]
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"People of Denmark, we know that you've been the victim of trolling. So have we. Maybe we can help. I'm not sure if you know my girlfriend Heidi but... She's really smart and really funny."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,"Stop baby, no I'm not."
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"[whispers] You are, babe. Stop it."
Douche and a Danish,Lennart,Who the hell are these people?
Douche and a Danish,Dane 2,Just listen.
Douche and a Danish,Cartman,"[whispers] Go on, babe, just tell them. Tell them."
Douche and a Danish,Heidi,I have an idea. I might be able to figure out the source of who trolled you last night.
