Cancelled,Announcer,Attention universe! Be sure to tune in next week for another exciting episode of... Earth! The Asians [crowd scene] are reeeally steamed at the Russians [crossing a bridge]. The zebras try to get along with the buffalo. [composite shot] And Americans [walking the dog] and Iraqis [dancing] have an all-out brawl. [Saddam is shown] It's outrageous fun and it's all new! Earth! On Fognl.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Now showing at the South Park Community Theatre. Fanfare begins with a drumroll, a spotlight hits its mark on stage and an announcer speaks"
Krazy Kripples,Announcer,"Ladies and Gentlemen, give it up for JIMMY! [the curtains part and Jimmy walks forward wearing a tuxedo] Thank you! Wow. What a terrific audience. [the curtains close behind him] I know what most of you are thinking. ""Hey, uh-that guy stole my show..."" [long pause] Wow, what a great audience. And how about this Michael Jackson guy, huh? I mean, come on... [long pause] Wow, what a great audience. [the soft sound of one person clapping is heard] Uh... l... lights, please? [the house lights click on and only one person is seen in the seats: Butters]"
Krazy Kripples,Butters,Hey Jimmy.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Butters, w-where is everybody?"
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"Oh yeah, well, about that... Christopher Reeve came to town to do some kind of show, and everyone went to see him."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Christopher Reeve? Christopher Reeve?!
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"You know, Christopher Reeve, the guy who played Superman."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,I know who he is! But why is everyone ditching my comedy show to see him?!
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"Ww-well, because he got crippled, but now he can move his finger. He is an inspiration to us all. That's why everyone ditched on your show."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"So then, how come you came?"
Krazy Kripples,Butters,"Well, because I said I would. Oh, I'm a dork, huh? [Jimmy stews on stage]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square. Mayor McDaniels is on stage with her aides. Above them a banner reads ""STEM CELL RESEARCH."" A crowd of people has formed in front of the stage"
Krazy Kripples,Mayor McDaniels,"And so without further ado, here's the most courageous, most amazing man on the planet, Christopher Reeve. [everyone claps and the curtains open. The mayor and her aides step aside. Christopher Reeve rolls out towards the mic. Jimmy shows up to watch.]"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Thank you, thank you, wow, what a great audience. [stops to catch his breath with a fixed smile in place] I just flew into South Park. [catches his breath] Used to be I didn't need an airplane."
Krazy Kripples,Townspeople,Awwwww. [a smattering of applause]
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"As most of you know, [catches his breath] I am a strong supporter of stem-cell research."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Say, fellas! Thanks a lot for goin' to my ...c-comedy show! [""It is a proven fact that stem-cell research""]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,We didn't go to your comedy show.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I know that, I was being f-f-f-fa...cetious! [""can add many years to the lives of people who have been disabled by accidents""]"
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Look, dude. Christopher Reeve, dude. [""or other ways.""]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Ooh, Christopher Reeve! Whoop-de-freakin-do!"
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,"Dude, that's not cool. You shouldn't make fun of Christopher Reeve."
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Yeah dude, not cool."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Though it is controversial, [catches his breath] stem cell research is critical [catches his breath] in the quest for helping [catches his breath] the disabled."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,I put together a comedy show and I was crippled from BIRTH! [waddles off in a huff]
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Uh, hoo. Guys, I think we'd better stay out of this one."
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,"Yeah, this is starting to look like something we shouldn't be any part of. Let's go play with trucks or something. [they turn right and trot off]"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Ha-a-aaa-haaa-a.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[approaching] Can you believe this asswipe, Timmy?"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmeh!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Why is a celebrity who became crippled more important than us that were born that way, very much."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Rrruh Timmeh!
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,In the coming days [catches his breath] I will prove to the world [catches his breath] that stem-cell research is a miracle.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"The bus stop, day. The boys are on the snow playing with their trucks.]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,"Beep beep beep. Move it, Kenny! Beep."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Hey there fellas.
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Oh hey Jimmy, hey Timmy."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Say, would you guys like to join our club? Oh, I'm sorry. You can't. You aren't crippled. [start laughing. The boys go back to playing with their trucks.]"
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,What?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"To be in our club, not only do you have to be c-c-crippled, but you have to have been born that way. Do you know what that means? No butthole Superman asswipe Christopher Reeve!"
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"That's nice, guys. We're just gonna stay out of this one. [Jimmy and Timmy turn and walk away]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,"[jumps up and catches up to them] Hey, wait a minute! [Timmy and Jimmy stop] You guys can't just start a club and tell me I can't be in it!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Sorry, able-bodied, you can't join."
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,Can too!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[turns to Timmy] Hey Timmy. How many able-bodied people does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. [begins to laugh. Timmy begins to laugh as well] You know what you call an able-bodied guy on the doorstep? Whatever his name is. [Jimmy and Timmy laugh, and walk away laughing]"
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,Oh God-damnit!!
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,"Cartman, just stay out of it."
Krazy Kripples,Cartman,But they say I can't be in their club!!
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Cartman, trust me. [Kenny pushes his own truck away] We don't want any part in this one."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"""The T-shirt Factory"", later. Timmy and Jimmy walk up to it and enter"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Hello, Mr. McGillicuuhuhuhh... Mr. McGillicuddy. [Timmy has a box on his lap]"
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Hello, boys. What can I do for you?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[takes the box from Timmy] Timmy and I made a ...T-shirt design for our new club. [Timmy beams with delight] We just came up with a name this morning. [McGillicuddy opens the box, pulls out the shirt, and his jaw drops. The shirt reads, ""THE CRIPS""]"
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Uh... boys, I don't think you wanna wear these shirts"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Why not?
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Well, because there already is a group that calls themselves the Crips, and I don't think they'd like it too much."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[stunned] ...There's already a Crips?!
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"Well, sure, they're all over at Five Points area in Denver. You've never heard of them?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"No, we never have. Are they crippled from birth or are they cripple wannabes like Christopher Reeve?"
Krazy Kripples,McGillicuddy,"...Oh, I am stayin' out of this one. [leaves the counter]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"""The T-shirt Factory"", outside. The doors open and Jimmy and Timmy exit"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Can you believe it, Timmy? All this time there was a group for truly crippled people like ourselves, and we didn't know it."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,[excited] Timmmeh!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Come on. We have to take the bus to Five Points in Denver.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"The Larry King Show on HNN, on air."
Krazy Kripples,King,"My guest tonight is the brilliant star of stage and screen, Mr. Christopher Reeve, who, with the help of stem-cell research, is now able to move his arms."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Thanks for having me on again, Larry."
Krazy Kripples,King,"All right. Chris, the whole world is waiting. Why don't you show us what stem-cell research has done for you. [with that fixed grin, Reeve strains to lift his right arm a few inches, then sets it down again.] Amazing. Isn't that amazing, folks? Now, Chris, there're some people who say stem-cell research is wrong, that taking cells from a fetus is... unethical."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Well, it just proves that the public needs to be educated [catches his breath] about stem-cell research. See, the stem cells from a fetus like this one [pulls a dead fetus up from an unseen container] can form into whatever cells of the body are damaged. They are the most powerful thing on the planet."
Krazy Kripples,King,"And how does someone like yourself make use of the stem cells, Chris?"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Well, it's very simple. [takes the fetus and cracks it open like a coconut, then sucks out its contents and tosses it aside] And now you can see, my arms have better movement."
Krazy Kripples,King,Wow. [begins clapping] Wow.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Five Points, Denver. A bum pushes a cart full of his belongings past Denver Meat Packing, a rundown warehouse. Sirens, gunshots, and a woman's screams are heard."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Excuse me, sir. [the bum stops, startled] we're looking for a group of people called the Crips."
Krazy Kripples,Bum,You are?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Do you know where they meet? We've already tried the rec center and the library.
Krazy Kripples,Bum,"The Crips hang out at that old warehouse down there, [points to the building he just passed] but ...nobody goes in there."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[moves forward] Oh, it's okay. We're Crips ourselves. Come on, Tim-Tim."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmmih! [follows]
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Meat Packing, inside. The music is thumping, there's gambling and general conversation going on. Jimmy and Timmy walks in."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well hello everyone. [music abruptly stops] I'm Jim Swanson, and this is my friend Timmy."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,"Timmmih! [awkward silence, then softly] Tih... ti-timmih."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[to a friend at left, as he points to the duo] Well, let us tell you a little bit about ourselves. Timmy and I are both true Crips, born and raised. We're the only Crips in South Park, where we live, and we would love to join your fa-fa-fabtasitc Denver chapter."
Krazy Kripples,Large Crip,"Is they for real, manh?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"We just have one question before we join your c-club. Do you think it's better to be born a Crip, or to become a Crip later by accident?"
Krazy Kripples,Braided Crip,"The only Crips is born Crips, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Tall Crip,"Yeah, you can't become a Crip by accident, fool!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I agree. I mean, it's like [enunciates] ""come on""! Why do these people who become crippled later in life think they're such great pot-potatuhs?"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [silence]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well, we're glad you see it our way, fellas. So can we join your g... group?"
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,"All right, you wanna thug with the Five Point Crips? Bitches, all you gotta do is pop some punk-ass Bloods."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well, sure. Tim and I would love to pop some punk-ass Bloods. We're terrific at it."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[turns and answers softly] I don't know, Timmy, just play along."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Uh-tu-Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,So you sayin' yuh down?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Down like a clown, Charlie Br... Down like a clown, Charlie B-broooowww... Down like a clown, Charlie Browh... Bro-uh-own. Down like a clown, Charlie Br-Brown. [music starts up again, and Timmy and Jimmy leave. As they walk down the street a rap song plays]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Say Timmy, did you notice that all the crippled people in that club are negros?"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"That's an amm-mmazing coincidence. I mean, there's not one crippled colored person in South Park. [as they walk, a police car rolls up and the passenger-side officer calls out]"
Krazy Kripples,Officer,Hey you kids.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[stops and looks] Well hello, officers."
Krazy Kripples,Officer,What the hell do you think you're doin'?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,We're goin' to pop some punk-ass Bloods.
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [the officers simply look at each other and drive off.]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[sees something] Look, Timmy. There's a convenience store. [""Ribs N Gass."" A lot of gang members are milling around in front of the store] That must be what the fellas meant by ""pop some punk-ass Bloods."" They want us to get them some soda pop and treats. [the gang members notice them coming and stop to look. They cross the street] Let's buy them ginger ale and marshmallows. Then they'll let us in the club for sure."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,"Oh, Timmih. [a truck appears in the distance and comes up fast.]"
Krazy Kripples,Driver,[noticing almost too late] Oh shit! [swerves to avoid the duo and slams into the convenience store they were trying to reach. The store and truck go up in a ball of flames while Jimmy and Timmy stop in their tracks]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Suh, suh, suh, suh, Sssunday driver!"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Back at Denver Meat Packing, night. Jimmy and Timmy are back at the warehouse."
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,"Yo yo, listen up y'all! Let me tell you about my little Gs, Roller and 4 Legs here. They just smoked thirteen Bloods in one night!"
Krazy Kripples,Crip 1,One night?
Krazy Kripples,Crip 2,You're kiddin'? You're kiddin'? One night?
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,That ain't never been done before!
Krazy Kripples,58 Crip,And they got us marshmallows and ginger ale.
Krazy Kripples,Crips,[chattering] Uh huh. Cool. He's right.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,So does that mean we can join the c-c...club?
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,"You're not just in, you're the baddest mofo Crips in town! Cipac! [a Crip steps forward] Turn up the beat so we can celebrate our new Gs Five-Points style!"
Krazy Kripples,Cipac,All right. [hobbles off]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Wow, these guys really are crippled. [the music starts up and the Crips start dancing] Timmy, I have a feeling that this is the start of something b-b-b-b...b-b-brilliant."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,Jimmy's home. A car drives up and drops off Timmy and Jimmy. The occupants are Crips.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Thanks for the ride home, fellas. We sure had a ...terrific time."
Krazy Kripples,Cipac,"Alrighty. Keep it real, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"You dawgs keep it real, too. [Cipac flashes the Crips signs for ""West Coast Crips"" and the boys return the gesture]"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [the Crips drive off]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Well, that sure was a terrific time. Let's go all around tomorrow and show everyone our new outfits, Timmy."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [Jimmy goes on home as Timmy rolls off]
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, inside. His parents sit before the TV, his mom worried."
Krazy Kripples,Mom,"[jumps up] There you are, Jimmy!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Whatup, Mazie? Ye-yo, Pops?"
Krazy Kripples,Pops,"Jimmy, your mother was gettin' worried about you."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,No need to worry about me. I'm cool like a fool in a swimming ppp-ppp-pp-pp-pool. [turns and hobbles off]
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Outside, somewhere, day. A reporter begins speaking to the camera."
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing out front of the Stem Cell Research Facility with terrific news. Christopher Reeve, who was once paralyzed, claims that he can now stand."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"[flanked by two doctors, one of them carrying a medical organ cooler] Thank you everyone. [pulls out a fetus from the cooler and holds it in his left hand] To most people, this is just an ordinary fetus. But to people like me, [lifts it into the air] it's hope. [snaps it open as before and sucks out its juices.]"
Krazy Kripples,Crowd,Uugh.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Reeve tosses the carcass away, then he drops his feet to the floor, then he slowly rises from his wheelchair and raises his arms in victory. The crowd oooos and ahhhs."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Garrison,[arm around Mr. Slave] What an inspiration.
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, many celebrities have spoken out in protest of stem-cell research, but, after seeing this, how can they protest now? [Reeve takes out another fetus and sucks it dry. Stan and the boys walk by]"
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"[admonishing] Stay clear, guys, stay clear."
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,Yup. I'm not seeing anything.
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"City Wok, day. Mr. Kim is wiping the counter down. Timmy and Jimmy enter dressed in their Crip outfits."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"Hey [studies the boys before him, then holds up his arms] Hey, I don't want no trouble!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Hello. We'd like two orders of Kung... Pao Chicken, please."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,I don't want no trouble! You just... take what you want and leave!
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"[as if Timmy had barked an order] OH! Okay, okay! [steps to the cash register and opens it] I open register"
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"What's that? Oh, and one medium lemonade, please."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih.
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"[pulls out a stack of bills and sets them on the counter, then holds his arms up again] Here. Here one hundred twelve dorrar! It's all I have. Yeh take!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[confused] Huh?
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,You take! Uh one hundred twelve dorrar!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Ah- are you sure?
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,I no want no trouble. Just take it and leave!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[approaches the counter. Mr. Kim goes about preparing the food order] Well gee, that's really nice of you, Mr. ...Chinese person. [gets the money and shows it to Timmy] Look Tim-Tim, we got a cash prize. We must be the ...one hundredth customer or something."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"Here! Here two order of Kung Pao Chicken, and small ice tea!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Actually, it was a regular lemonade."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,"[mortified at his error] AAAAAGH-agh!! [bows] I sorry! I sorry! I no want no trouble. [reaches for a cup and prepares a regular lemonade] Here. Remonade. [sets it on the counter. Jimmy reaches for it] Now go, just go!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Gee, thanks a lot. See you next time."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,[smiles] Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Kim,[soon lowers his arms and places a call] Hello! Police? I've just been robbed by two gang members!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, later. His parents are standing by the kitchen's breakfast nook sipping coffee. A door opens in the living room, then closes."
Krazy Kripples,Pops,"Jimmy? Jimmy, could you come into the kitchen please?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[enters] Yo, Mamsie. What's up, Pops?"
Krazy Kripples,Pops,"Uh have a seat, Jim. Your mother and I need to talk to you. [Jimmy approaches a chair and struggles to climb up on it. He gets no help from his parents. He succeeds in climbing the chair, then in sitting upright. He settles down.] Son, your mother and I have noticed a change in your behavior. And... we're worried that you might be involved in a gang."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"A what? Oh, you mean the fellas. Well sure. But I can't talk about the club on account of its sssuper secret, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Mamsie,"Then it's true! Oh, Ryan, it's true! [buries her face in Ryan's chest and sobs uncontrollably]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Why you be trippin', Mom? I mean [enunciates the nest two words] come on. I'm finally a part of something, very much."
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,"Jimmy, those people you're hanging out with are no good."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Yo, don't be dissing my n***as, dawg. They're my f-friends."
Krazy Kripples,Mamsie,"And what about your standup comedy, Jim, huh? Are you just giving up on that, too?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[now naturally] Nobody cared about my standup comedy! All that hard work just to be outshined by C-Christopher Reeve the super b-butthole!
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,"Uh Jimmy, we've told you before. God made you the way he did for a reason!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Right. Because you and Mom used to make fun of crippled kids in high school.
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,"That's right. You were sent here through the vengeful and angry hand of God to teach your mother and I a lesson. And that's a big responsibility, son."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Look! My gang, which I can't talk about because it's super secret, is the most important thing to me now! And if you two don't like it, you can just pass the blunt to the n***a on your left. [hops off the chair and ambles off. His mom sobs again. Ryan holds her]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"A darkened lab. Christopher Reeve is pacing back and forth, having a headache."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,Where's that delivery of new fetuses?! Feeling weak again.
Krazy Kripples,Aide,"[rushes in with a fresh delivery] Here's the new shipment, sir. [Reeve lunges for the box and rips it out of the aide's hands, pushing the aide away] Hey! [Reeve tears into the box, opens the cooler, grabs a fetus, and starts sucking its juices out. A few seconds later, a door at the far wall opens]"
Krazy Kripples,Man,"Hello there, Christopher. [Reeve is upset that he's been disturbed, but turns around and turns pleasant]"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Well, well, Gene Hackman, my nemesis from the movies. How are you?"
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,I'm good. You?
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,I am better with each passing day. [turns around and pulls out another fetus] Stronger and more agile. [sucks its juices out as Hackman looks on]
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"Christopher, I've come to ask you to stop what you're doing?"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,[with fetus still on his lips] What?
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,Using stem cells is like playing God. You should leave nature alone.
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"And go back to the way I was? Is that what you're saying, Hackman?"
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"I'm saying that sometimes you need to just live with the cards you're dealt, Christopher."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"[raises his arms in a fit of rage, then turns away] Stop calling me Christopher! That name no longer has meaning to me! Christopher was someone who lived in a wheelchair! Always being pushed around by others! The old Christopher Reeve is dead! From now on, I am... [looks back menacingly] Chris!"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, night, living room. He sits on the floor between the couch and the coffee table working on a jigsaw puzzle."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Sixty-five... bottles of... beer on the wall. Six- [outside, a car rolls up to the house slowly. Four Bloods look at the house, all of them with masks on]"
Krazy Kripples,Blood,"[front passenger side] Payback time, mothafucka! [the Bloods starts spraying the house with bullets]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[looks around as the bullets tear up the windows] Jesus Christ! [dives to the floor and crawls to the other side of the table, then rises up.] Holy G...guacamole! [the bullets start tearing up the couch and the front door. Jimmy dives to the floor, then rises up a few seconds later.] Freakin' Frijoles! [dives to the floor again. The front door is gone and the couch's stuffing is all over the place. Its springs pop out. The right-side portrait next to the door falls. The bullets stop, and Jimmy rises once again] Leapin' L-langosta. [the left-side portrait falls]"
Krazy Kripples,Blood,"East Side Bloods! [the Bloods drop back into their car and peel off. Some time later, Officer Barbrady and his men show up to take reports and check out the crime scene. Timmy has returned to be with Jimmy. Two people walk up to the Swansons]"
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,We're Detectives Hyde and Richardson from the Special Gang unit in Denver.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Any word on who shot up me and Timmy's houses, officer?"
Krazy Kripples,Richardson,Word on the street is it was a retaliation hit by the Bloods.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,The... B-Bloods?
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,"You know, smart-mouth! Your rival gang! The Bloods are at war with the Crips, they kill each other all the time!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,The-they do??
Krazy Kripples,Richardson,"Don't act like you don't know, you lil' punk! The Crips and Bloods hate each other, and if you stay in that gang, you're gonna end up dead too."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,But... but why do they hate each other?
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,"Look kid, I used to be a Crip myself, but I'm not anymore!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Oh, so you used ssstemm cells like Christopher Reeve?"
Krazy Kripples,Hyde,[realizes this conversation is fruitless] Come on. The only way these kids are gonna get out of their gang is get killed. [the detectives leave. Jim's mom begins to sob and then runs into the house.]
Krazy Kripples,Ryan,[follows her in] Sarah!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"[begins to pace before Timmy] Oh boy, Timmy, we should have never started a gang for people crippled from birth. Now they're at war with the people who are crippled from an accident. Boy were we wrong."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,[agreeing] Tim-mih.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Wow, w-we've got to do something, Timmy. We've gotta get the Crips and Bloods to s-stop fighting. I bet if we could just get them together... but how? Wu-wait a minute! I've got it! A lock-in at the rec center! We did it for our church once. All we do is rent out the rec center overnight. They lock the doors so nobody can leave, and then everyone has the whole night to play in the swimming pool and laugh and talk."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"You get all the Crips you can to the rec center tomorrow night, Timmy. And I'll try to get all the ...Bloods there."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,This is gonna be t-terrific!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"South Park, next day, in front of Tom's Rhinoplasty."
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"[same as before] Tom, several years ago, actor Christopher Reeve had a horrible accident and was paralyzed. The irony, of course, is that the man who played Superman could no longer walk. America watched in wonder as he managed to move one of his fingers, then his arms. And now, seen for the first time on HBC, Christopher Reeve is going to lift a truck up over his head. [Christopher walks over to a green truck and lifts the front end up over his head. The crowd oohs and claps for him]"
Krazy Kripples,Randy,"Oh, what a fighter."
Krazy Kripples,Gerald,"That brave, brave man."
Krazy Kripples,Liane,He's an inspiration to us all.
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, the irony is even more irony-y as it appears that the stem cells have given Christopher Reeve almost superhuman strength."
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"[appears with a crowd of people] Chris, that's enough!"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"[looks at Hackman and drops the truck] Hello, Gene! So good to see you!"
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"You're cured, Chris. It's time to stop using stem cells."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,Stem-cell research has made me stronger than I ever thought possible! Why stop now?!
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Uh Tom, apparently, Gene Hackman, the man who played Superman's enemy Lex Luthor in the movies, has now shown up as a celebrity protester of stem-cell research. If that isn't ironic, Tom, I don't know what is."
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"They're affecting your mind, Chris. If you won't stop using stem cells, then we'll stop you!"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"Stop me?! Stop me?! HA!! [reaches over, picks up the truck clear over his head, and throws it at Hackman. Hackman and his crowd jump clear of the truck's path, screaming. The truck lands upside down where the crown stood. Reeve then runs down the street and onto a car] You won't stop me, Hack Man! [runs off the truck and jumps away maniacally] Ha HA! Ha HA! Ha haa haa! [jumps higher and higher until he clears buildings with each jump] Ya ha ha! Yaa haha!"
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, if irony were made of strawberries, we'd all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Recreation Center, night. Gang members file through the doors. Jimmy and Timmy greet everyone at the door. Timmy is disguised as Groucho Marx, Jimmy wears a ten-gallon hat."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Come on in, everybody. Lots of su-surprises and t-treats inside. [the last of the guests enter] Great to see you all. What a terrific audience."
Krazy Kripples,Janitor,"[an elderly man soon exits] Are you sure you got everything you need, young man?"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"We sure do. Thanks, Mr. Apple...b-by."
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Appleby,Just remember to make sure the kids play safe in the pool area.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,You bet. [he and Timmy move around him and into the center]
Krazy Kripples,Mr. Appleby,I'll be back at seven to let you out. You kids have a good time.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Oh, we will. [Mr. Appleby closes the door and locks it.]"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Recreation Center, inside. A group of Bloods enter the gym and stop in their tracks. At the other end of the gym is a group of Crips, seated on some bleachers behind a basketball hoop. The Crips stand in reply."
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,The Bloods!
Krazy Kripples,Blood 1,Oh shit! It's a trap!
Krazy Kripples,Blood 2,Muthafuckin Crips tryin' to smoke us all out!
Krazy Kripples,Crip,What the hell is goin' on here? [Jimmy and Timmy step into the middle ground between the two gangs]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"It's called a lock-in at the rec center. We can use all the rec center facilities. We can play basketball, go swimming, or even just kick it in the lounge area with some games and ...p-puzzles."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih!
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"But nobody can leave until it's seven a.m., so if you wanna have a good time, you're all just gonna have to learn to get along. [immediately, both sides draw weapons and aim them at each other. Once all the weapons are out...] Theeerrre's pizzaaa."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Nighttime, near the city. The reporter stands next to a man-made lake."
Krazy Kripples,Reporter,"Tom, over five years ago, doctors told Christopher Reeve that he would never walk again, but the resilient actor fought back, struggled against all odds, and has now built his very own Legion of Doom! [Its headquarters now appears behind him] The once immobile Mr. Reeve's new organization will be committed to world domination and evil. What an inspirational story, Tom."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Legion of Doom Headquarters, inside. Christopher Reeve is standing before a group of villains, both real and imagined."
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"I have chosen each member of this elite group of supervillains for their outstanding treachery, [Osama bin Laden and Dr. Doom are shown, then Blank Manta and Saddam Hussein] Their desire for world conquest, [Cheetah, Kim Jong-il, and David Blaine are shown] and their hatred of all things good! [Professor Chaos is shown] And I've assembled this group for one purpose! To once and for all find a way to... [the picture behind him changes from a fist smashing Earth to a picture of Gene Hackman] get rid of Hack Man!! [laughs maniacally for effect, but no other villain moves]"
Krazy Kripples,Dr. Doom,"Uhhh, how about domination of the world?"
Krazy Kripples,Saddam Hussein,"Yeah. Or uh, death to the infidels?"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,Silence! OUR job is to see to it that Hack Man is put out of commission.
Krazy Kripples,Professor Chaos,"Oh boy, General Disarray, may- maybe we just oughtta stay outta this one."
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,"[bursts through the doors with his supporters] Not so fast, Chris!"
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,[sucking on yet another fetus] Hack Man!
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,We just helped pass a ban on stem-cell research. Your fetus-sucking days are over!
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,No... [grabs his head in frustration] NOOOO!
Krazy Kripples,Hackman,And now we're going to put you somewhere where you can never touch another fetus again!
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"Denver Recreation Center, inside. The Bloods and Crips challenge each other."
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,You stupid mofos are dead!
Krazy Kripples,Blood 3,"Make the first shot, punk!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Hold it! Don't you see? It doesn't matter if we were crippled from birth, or crippled in an accident. We're all brothers."
Krazy Kripples,Blood 4,"Save it, fool! Crips ain't our brothers! [the atmosphere grows tense]"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Look, we have the whole rec room to ourselves. Can't we all just try having some fun together?"
Krazy Kripples,58 Crip,"You talkin' crazy, dawg."
Krazy Kripples,Blood 5,"Yeah, we ain't playin', sucka!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"Why don't we at least give it a chance? I mean, [enunciates] Come on! [several tense seconds pass]"
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,Wait a minute. What did you say?
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I said, ""I mean, [enunciates] Come on!"""
Krazy Kripples,Blood 4,"You know, maybe he's right. I mean, [enunciates] Come on!"
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,[enunciates] Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,I guess we could at least give havin' fun together a try. It's like [enunciates] Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Blood 6,Yeah. Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Crip 2,"Yeah, that's right. Come on."
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,Come on.
Krazy Kripples,Someone,Come on.
Krazy Kripples,All,"[in agreement] Yeah, that's right. Come on. [moments later rap music is playing, gang members gather in the pool and one prepares for a dive. In the gym gang members play basketball without arguing. One of them dances along the foul line. In another room gang members play pool. The camera stops at Jimmy and three members - two Crips and one Blood]"
Krazy Kripples,Buff Crip,I've gotta give you two dawgs props for puttin' an end to all this hate.
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I told you, lock-ins at the rec center always work. And you know, I've learned something, too. I was player-hatin' Christopher Butthole Reeve because he got more attention than me. But just like... y-you guys, I need to learn to control my a... anger."
Krazy Kripples,Blood,Right on!
Krazy Kripples,Crip,"[walks up to Timmy] Hey little roller, try some of this chronic shit."
Krazy Kripples,Timmy,Timmih! [takes a hit. Both Crips and Bloods laugh]
Krazy Kripples,Jimmy,"I guess we all learned that trying to get along is way better than p... player hatin'. [a song begins, and Jimmy approaches the camera] The gang wrote a song about it. Why don't we listen in?"
Krazy Kripples,Gang Members,"It used to be that Crips and Bloods didn't get along, But now we're all a family, so we wrote this song. Naaa na naaa, Crips and Bloods. Naaa na naaa, hope and love. Naaa na naaa, friendly thugs."
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,Outer space. Christopher Reeve is flung into space in a pane of glass.
Krazy Kripples,Reeve,"You haven't seen the last of me, Hack Man! I will be back!!"
Krazy Kripples,Scene Description,"The woods near South Park, night. Stan and friends watch the celestial spectacle."
Krazy Kripples,Stan,"Dude, I am so glad we stayed out of that one."
Krazy Kripples,Kyle,Me too.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. A new classroom. As the camera follows a new teacher around, the following kids are seen working with clay. Clyde presses the pottery wheel pedal as Bebe molds a vase on the wheel. Wendy watches. Tweek, Red, and Pip work on clay on the table near the wall. In the foreground, Token presses the pottery wheel pedal as Annie molds a vase. Butters, Kevin, and Francis work on their own projects. Kenny, Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are laughing at their project, which didn't require the use of the pottery wheel."
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"[walks through the class] Okay. Good, children, good. Remember to feel the clay. Be one with the clay. Nice. Uh huh. [the boys still laugh at their monument]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,[laughing] Put more clay on the balls.
Toilet Paper,Teacher,[noticing] Boys! [they stop laughing as she points] What is that?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,A reindeer?
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"You know, I've had it! You four boys never take art class seriously!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[retorts] What a crime. [the three others chuckle, then laugh out loud]"
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"[displeased, with arms crossed] You think art is not important?"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Weelll, art is just kinda... for gaywads."
Toilet Paper,Butters,[pipes up] I love art class!
Toilet Paper,Stan,See?
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"[reaches for their creation and grabs it by the shaft] Do you think this is funny?! [shakes it around for effect] Do you think this is funny, huh?! [ends up looking at the head, as if she's about to suck on it. The boys cover their mouths to hold their laughter, knowing how she looks with their creation like that, but soon they burst out laughing. The teacher now cradles the project] Well, you four can just spend your afternoon after school here making new pottery! [the laughter stops and the boys' jaws drop.]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,You can't do that!
Toilet Paper,Teacher,I certainly can! I'm your teacher!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,You're an art teacher!
Toilet Paper,Teacher,Make it two hours!
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,Cut to after school. The art teacher sits at her desk watching the boys work on a proper vase on the pottery wheel. Kyle is pressing the pedal. The boys are angry at their teacher
Toilet Paper,Stan,Mrs. Streibel thinks she's so cool!
Toilet Paper,Kyle,How dare she talk to us like that?!
Toilet Paper,Kenny,"(Yeah, how the fuck is that?!)"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,We can't let her get away with this! [voicing dropping to almost a whisper] I think tonight we need to do something drastic.
Toilet Paper,Stan,Like what?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Like find out where Mrs. Streibel lives, and go over there, and... TP her house."
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Toilet Paper,Kyle,TP her house?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Toilet paper! Cover her house in toilet paper.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Oh.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[sensing Kyle's reluctance] What's the matter, Kyle? You chicken? [begins strutting like a chicken and making chicken noises. Kyle kicks Cartman in the balls in anger] Ugh! [drops to his knees, then gets one leg up]"
Toilet Paper,Teacher,"Quiet, boys. This isn't playtime, you're being punished!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"[glares back at her, then softly] Fine! But we'll have the last laugh tonight, artwhore!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[in pain] Yeah! Payback time, you ugly skank!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Henry's Supermarket, day. A woman watches her son ride in a coin-operated ride outside the store. Inside, the four boys approach checkout line 3 with two carts stacked high with packages of Kush Tush toilet paper."
Toilet Paper,Stan,D'you think that's enough?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Should be fine.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Don't you guys think this is a little suspicious? We should buy something else so it doesn't look obvious.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Okay. [reaches behind the other boys and grabs something] Here we go, pack of chewing gum. [tosses it into the first cart. They approach the cash register]"
Toilet Paper,Cashier,Hello boys. Find everything you need?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Yep. All set.
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"[begins scanning the packages] Mkay', let's see here. Toilet paper [""beep"" $1.50 for a four-pack] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] So, what are you kids up to tonight? [""beep""]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Oh, we're just gonna watch some TV, maybe play a board game."
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"Nice relaxing night at home, huh? Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Aaand toilet paper [""beep."" He picks up the gum] Eh, hey. [holds up the gum] Now you kids be careful with this chewing gum. Don't go sticking it under tables."
Toilet Paper,Stan,Okay
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"Okay. Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep.""] You know, son, I remember you comin' in last week and buying this much toilet paper. [""beep""]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Heh yeah, that that's right."
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"... Toilet paper [""beep""] Toilet paper [""beep""]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"You TP'ed a house last week, Cartman?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,No. Last Thursday night was fajitas night.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Oh. [flashes disgust] Uuugh.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Mrs. Streibel's house, later, that night. The boys walk up to the house carrying black trash bags of toilet paper."
Toilet Paper,Stan,Is this the right house?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"It's the right address-wait! Look there! [the teacher prepares the dining-room table] There's Mrs. Streibel! This is the place. [loosens the drawstring on his back and lets the sides fall away. In the dining room, a boy and girl arrive and sit at table]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Oh wait, wait, there's kids inside."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,So?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,So we're not TP'ing a house with kids inside it!
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Kyle, we all agreed to do this!"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"We didn't say nothin' about no kids, man!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Kyle, you're being an asshole! Now let's do this thing and get out of m'yeah. [takes out a roll and advances a bit] Here's what I think of your art class, you God-damned bitch! [unleashes the first roll]"
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Yeah! Fuck you!)
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Majestic music plays as Kenny unleashes his roll. Stan unleashes a roll. Cartman tosses off another one and grins. More rolls of paper fly onto the roof. Kyle tosses up a roll, unsure of doing so. Stan unleashes another one, and his glee is unabashed. Kenny tosses off another one. More and more rolls fly over the roof. Kyle freezes in awe of their vandalism. Toilet paper covers the house, the garage, and the trees around the house. The boys head for the sidewalk."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Come on, let's go! [he and Kenny cross the road and drop down to a ditch on the other side. Stan follows]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,What have we done? [Stan looks back and gets Kyle]
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Let's go, Kyle! [drags him off. Kyle is transfixed for a bit, then turns to follow Stan. A last shot of the house, and then the boys reach their bus stop gasping for air.]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,The bus stop
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"We're, we're in trouble. We're in sooo much trouble."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Aw man, that was sooo awesome! [smiles]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,How can you say that? Did you see what we did to their house?! It'll take them days to clean that up!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Who cares??
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Well, YOU don't, because you're a non-caring asshole, Cartman!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Me?? [takes a couple steps forward] There's toilet paper on your hands, too, Kyle. [Kyle blanches]"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Cartman's right, Kyle. We're all in this together."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, after bedtime. Kyle's room. He is asleep, but begins to have nightmares."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Noo! No. [visions of flying toilet paper fill his head.] Noo! [an image of Mrs. Streibel's house being vandalized further, then of Mrs. Streibel running in horror.]"
Toilet Paper,Mrs. Streibel,AAAAAAAAA!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Honey, what is it?? Oh, Jesus no! Our house!"
Toilet Paper,Streibel daughters,[crying] Mommy! Mommy!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,[with her family around her] Whyyy? Whyyy?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"[wakes up, startled] Ah! Oh God! Oh God!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. The kids are in their regular classroom chatting, waiting for class to begin."
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Hey, uh, you guys here what happened last night? Mrs. Streibel's house got covered with toilet paper."
Toilet Paper,Clyde,Yeah. They say it's gonna take three weeks to get it all down.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Yeah? Well, Ol' Mrs. Streibel probably had it comin' to her."
Toilet Paper,Butters,I don't know. I don't think anybody deserves that kind of brutality.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Well, I understand the people who did it weren't caught, so-o... Looks like nobody will ever know the geniuses who masterminded that perfect crime. [the bell rings and Mr. Garrison enters with some books.]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Garrison,"Okay children, let's take our seats. Oh, uh, Stan, Kyle, Eric, and Kenny, the counselor wants to see you in his office, now."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,[snaps his fingers] Damn!
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Oh God!
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,Outside the counselor's office. The boys sit on chairs next to the door - the bench is gone. Kyle looks around nervously.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,How the hell did they find out it was us that TP'ed that house?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Will you relax, Kyle?! They have nothing on us! As long as we all stick to our story, we'll be fine."
Toilet Paper,Stan,We'd better go over our story again so we don't screw it up.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Okay. Last night, all four of us were at the bowling alley until about 7:30, at which time we noticed Ally Sheedy, the Goth chick from the Breakfast Club, was bowling in the lane next to us, and we asked her for her autograph, but she didn't have a pen, so we followed her out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,I'm confused. Did Ally Sheedy take that personality
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Yes, dude!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Kyle, it's very simple: we followed Ally Sheedy out to her car, but on the way we were accosted by five Scientologists who wanted to give us all personality tests, which were administered at the Scientology Center in Denver until 10:45, at which time we accidentally boarded the wrong bus home and ended up in Rancho de Burritos Rojos, south of Castle Rock, and finally got a ride home with a man who was missing his left index finger, named Gary Bushwell, arriving home at 11:46, you got it??"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Ah, Ah I, ah I thought..."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[exasperated] Oh, for Christ's sake!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Look, Kyle, just let Cartman do all the talking, okay? He's better at being in trouble than anybody."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Thank you, Stan. [the doorknow begins to turn] Sh sh, here they come, here they come. [the door opens and Mr. Mackey appears] ""And so I said, 'That's a terrific joke, Wendy. Tell us another one.'"" Oh, hello, Mr. Mackey. Are you ready to see us now?"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"We're gonna talk to you one at a time, boys, m'kay? Kenny, will you step into my office, please?"
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Me??)
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"Come on, Kenny, let's go, 'k? [Kenny hops off and enters the office, and Mr. Mackey closes the door. The other boys' jaws drop a bit.]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Touchй, Mr. Mackey, touchй."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Why are they doing us one at a time?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"They want to see if we mix the story up, and see if someone will rat out the other three for a better deal."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,[brightens up] I can get a better deal?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Kyle, so help me God, if you Jew us out on this one, I will fucking kill you!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,The Streibel house. Mr. Streibel is removing the toilet paper from the trees and house with a broom. He's already filled two trash bags of toilet paper and is filling a third.
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"There we go. That should be about the last of it. [Officer Barbrady passes by with police tape, stretching it out from tree to tree. The camera pulls back to show the house is also covered in police tape] Ex- excuse me, uh, wha-what are you doing?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Crime scene investigation! [pulls out a small tape recorder and starts speaking into it] There are several footprints in the snow. Perhaps more than one perpetrator? [turns it off]
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Ah... look, we really don't wanna make a big deal out of this."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,[noticing the trash bags] Is that the toilet paper there? I'll need to take those bags as evidence.
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Look it's just not that big a deal, I mean, I toilet-papered houses myself when I was a kid."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,You?! So where were you last night at around 9?!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,I was here.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Aha!! Got you!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Officer, why would I TP my own house?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Insurance?
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"It wasn't me, okay? Now, if you don't mind, I just wanna get my yard back to normal."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,[grabs him by the collar] Now you listen to me! Whoever TP'ed your house is still out there roaming the streets. It's only a matter of time before another house and another family is victimized! I have to stop that from happening.
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"You really have nothing better to do, do you?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,No I do not.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, after bedtime. Kyle's room. He is asleep, but the nightmares return."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Noo! No. [visions of flying toilet paper fill his head.] Noo! [an image of Mrs. Streibel's house being vandalized further, then of Mrs. Streibel running in horror.]"
Toilet Paper,Mrs. Streibel,AAAAAAAAA!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Streibel,"Oh, Jesus no! Our house!"
Toilet Paper,Streibel daughters,[crying] Mommy! Mommy!
Toilet Paper,Nancy Kerrigan,[being treated on the ice rink] Whyyy? Whyyy? Whyyy?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"[wakes up, startled] Oh God! Oh God! I have to tell the truth! [hops off the bed and runs to the bedroom door] Mooooomm! [opens the door and finds Cartman in the hallway]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[in rave tones] Hello, Kyle. Going somewhere?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,I was... I was just going to get a drink of water.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,No need. I have one for you right here. [presents a glass of water to him]
Toilet Paper,Kyle,[takes the glass] Oh. Okay. Thanks.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Is there anything else I can get for you?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Noo, I'll just... be... going back to bed now."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"You do that. Goodnight, Kyle. [closes the door]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Park County Juvenile Hall, day. Inside, the warden leads Officer Barbrady to Cell Block 4."
Toilet Paper,Warden,Josh Meyers TP'ed over six hundred houses in less than a year. [fumbles for his keys.] He's a real monster.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,I just need to talk to someone who knows how toilet paperers think.
Toilet Paper,Warden,Just remember: he'd toilet-paper you in a second if he had the chance. [finally opens the door] He's the last cell on your left. [Barbrady enters and finds himself in an old part of the Hall. He walks past the prisoners and arrives at Josh's cell. It is a brick cell with a thick glass wall where prison bars would normally be. Holes in the glass allow for conversation. Josh has paintings of toilet paper around the cell.]
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Hello, Josh. My name is Officer Barbrady. I'm with the South Park police."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[affecting a Hopkins accent] That's a terrible cologne you're wearing, officer. You should try something more... casual."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,I was hoping you could help me solve a toilet-papering case?
Toilet Paper,Josh,And why would I do that? Because I'm such a charming fella?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Uh please, I need your help. What would you want in return?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,[turns away] Due to the harsh nature of my crimes they don't allow me to have toilet paper in my cell. You can imagine how bothersome that becomes.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"You... know I can't give you toilet paper, Josh."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[turns back] No, but it was worth a try, wasn't it? [a closeup of Josh's face] Tell me something, officer: why is it that you police such a small town. You must have had larger inspirations. What happened to those... big-city dreams?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"[reflecting] Well, that's kind of personal."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[extreme closeup] Quid pro quo, officer. Tell me what I want to know. And I'll help you catch whoever toilet-papered that house."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Look kid, I have very little time to catch whoever toilet-papered that house. Tell me what you know."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Are those the crime scene photos? Let me see them. [approaches the drop slot as Barbrady slides the packet of photos in, then walks back and takes them out for review.] Yes. Yes. Not bad work, not bad at all. These toilet-paperers are professionals...at least one of them is."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,So you think there was more than one. Why?
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[puts the photos behind his back] Tell me something first. When you went to the academy you had something to prove. You wanted to protect and serve, but mostly you wanted to protect yourself. Who were you protecting yourself from, Officer Barbrady?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Oh all right, all right, my uncle Charles used to hit me with a belt! [cries uncontrollably]"
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[closes his eyes, satisfied.] Thank you. Your toilet-paperers are most like males between the ages of 8 and 10 and probably virgins. Parents notice that much toilet paper missing, so they would have to have bought it themselves. Find out where the toilet paper came from, officer, and you just might catch your man."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Kids are moving towards their classes, passing each other in the process. Stan and Kenny are talking with Clyde, Craig, and Kevin."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Stan, Kenny, can I talk to you guys for a second? [Stan waves bye to Clyde, Craig, and Kevin, and they leave. He and Kenny approach Cartman talks in hushed tones] I think we have the counselor and the principal fooled, but we need to talk about Kyle."
Toilet Paper,Stan,What about him?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Come on, you know. He's losing it. He's gonna crack."
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(I think so too.)
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Kyle can't take the heat; he's gonna sing like a canary. Then we're all gonna take the fall for what we did.
Toilet Paper,Butters,[walks up] Ha-ey fellas. [Cartman and Kenny avoid eye contact with Butters]
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Butters. [looks down, then away, then sniffs, then clears his throat. After a while, Butters just walks off]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[a few seconds later] Look you guys, all it takes is for one of us to crack, and we all know who the weakest link is!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,So what should we do?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,We have no choice. We have to kill Kyle.
Toilet Paper,Stan,"[just looks at Cartman] ... Dude, we're not killing Kyle!"
Toilet Paper,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Why not?
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Kyle's not gonna say anything, alright?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"He almost spilled the beans in the counselor's office! He can't even keep the story straight! I'm telling you guys, he's weak. He's weak, and he'll be the end of all of us. [walks off]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,South Park Police Department.
Toilet Paper,Cashier,"You wanted to see me, Officer Barbrady?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Yes, thanks for coming, Mr. Bell. A house was TP'ed in South Park and I need to see if you can identify the toilet paper I recovered from the scene. [walks up to a body bag] I'm... sorry I have to do this. [unzips the bag and recoils with Bell at the apparent foul odor. They both cough]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,Oh my God.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Is this toilet paper from your store?
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,"It's... difficult to tell, it's... so decayed, I... wait a minute, yes. Yes, I recognize the floral pattern now."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"[takes out the tape recorder, turns it on, and speaks into it] Positive ID on the toilet paper. [turns it off and puts it away]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,Who would... do this to toilet paper? Who?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Mr. Bell, do you remember anyone suspicious buying toilet paper in the last few days?"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,Suspicious like how?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Well, like someone who was black or Mexican or Middle Eastern."
Toilet Paper,Mr. Bell,"Nnoo, the only Mexican guy I recall bought toasted tarts and chips and... we don't allow Middle Eastern people in the store. [arrives at a realization] Oh my God! [vomits]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Stark's Pond, night. A low fog moves over the surface of the water."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"What's this all about, Cartman?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I just wanted to see how you're doing, Kyle. Why don't we go out for a little boat ride?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,A boat ride?
Toilet Paper,Cartman,I just thought we should find a private place to... talk.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Well, okay."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Could you help me put this cement block and chain in the boat? [Kyle walks over and helps Cartman load the block and chain onto the boat. Kyle then hops in. Cartman retrieves a bat, loads it onto the boat, and hops in. The boat begins to float away from the shore.] Okay, let's go. [starts to row. The boat heads for the middle of the pond, and eerie music plays] So how are things, Kyle?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Terrible. Every time I close my eyes I see the house we TP'ed. I see the tears of our art teacher and hear the screams of her daughters.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,And you feel like you have to confess.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"I don't know what to do. [Cartman reaches for the bat while Kyle has his back to him] Part of me feels like I wanna end it all now. [Cartman takes aim] Tell people what heppened. You know, I never knew how beautiful this pond was before. [Cartman moves the bat around, measuring Kyle] So cold. The world can feel like that. [Cartman moves forward, ready to whack him] So calm on the outside, as if nothing bad ever happens. [Cartman takes a whack at Kyle's head, but all Kyle does is blink] Ow. [rubs his head and turns around] What the hell are you doing, Cartman?!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I'm killing you. But unfortunately I could only afford a wiffle ball bat, so it's gonna take a while. [whacks him again]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Cartman!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Don't fight it, Kyle, it will only take longer. Just slip into sweet unconsciousness. [whacks him twice more]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"You wanna kill me?! Fine! [turns around and crosses his arms] I can't live like this anymore! Go ahead! Do it! [Cartman lowers the bat and thinks a bit, then resumes whacking Kyle. Once. Then eight more times.]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Won't be long, Kyle. [whacks him three more times.]"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Juvenile Hall, day. Barbrady returns to Cell Block 4."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Josh, I need your help."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"The answer is right in front of you, but you can't see it."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,How do you mean?
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Tell me, the toilet paper. Was it quilted?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Yes.
Toilet Paper,Josh,Single-sheet?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"No, two-ply. [Josh closes his eyes and thinks hard] What? What does that tell you?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,Why does one toilet-paper houses
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,To get revenge.
Toilet Paper,Josh,"No, that is incidental. Your toilet-paperers wanted to transform the art teacher's house, thus transforming her entire occupation."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,What do you mean?
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Your uncle, who hit you with a belt. Was he a large man?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"I don't have time for this, kid."
Toilet Paper,Josh,Did he stink like bayer when he came home from work all powoor from playin' down at the pool house?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Alright alright my dad dressed me up like a little girl on poker nights and he made me sit on all my uncles' laps! [cries uncontrollably]
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Whoa. Uh, oh. Thank you. Your toilet-paperers are most likely students in the art teacher's class, students who aren't very good at art."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Oh. Of course! One of her students!
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Fly along now, Officer Barbrady. You've got some arrests to make. [turns around and whispers to himself] Fly fly flyyy. Fly fly flyyy."
Toilet Paper,Warden,"[arrives at Josh's cell] Josh, [the smile vanishes from Josh's face] were you doing the silly voice for the policeman again?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[normal voice] No, sir."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Stark's pond, night. Cartman is still whacking away at Kyle, in vain. Stan and Kenny come up in a pedal-powered boat. Both of them are pedaling. Stan looks over."
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Cartman, what are you doing?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,I'm getting rid of our problem. Kyle will be dead in a matter of hours.
Toilet Paper,Stan,"You don't have to kill Kyle, dude. The police made an arrest. And the person confessed!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,They did?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,They did?
Toilet Paper,Stan,They say they got the guy that did it down at the police station.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Who confessed? That doesn't make any sense.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,But can I still kill Kyyyle?
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Police Department, day. The boys head for the station and enter."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Hello boys. How are you?
Toilet Paper,Stan,We heard that you have the person who TP'ed the art teacher's house? Is that true?
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,It sure is!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Uh, can we see them-him-her?"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Right over here. [takes the boys over to the one jail cell] Yeah, we interrogated the suspect for over forty hours, and he finally cracked. [the boys turn right to see the suspect]"
Toilet Paper,Butters,Hey fellas!
Toilet Paper,Stan,Butters?
Toilet Paper,Butters,Yep. I'm in jail.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,You con-fessed?
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Uh huh. Unh, they said I TP'ed the art teacher's house. [thoughtful] I don't seem to remember it, [normal] but they're pretty sure it was me. [approaches the bars and grabs them] I just can't get my behavior under control!"
Toilet Paper,!Officer Barbrady,His parents are on their way down now.
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Yeah. And boy, are they gonna uh let me have it! Just wait till my father gets here!"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"[turns away, and the other boys huddle around him] You guys, we can't let him do this!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,What are you talking about? This is a gift from God. An early Easter present all wrapped up in a pretty ribbon from Jesus Christ himself!
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Well I'm just a little asshole, is what I am. When God made me, he must have not been payin' very close attention, 'cause I turned out wrong! Just plain wrong!"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Officer Barbrady, Butters didn't TP that house."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Why do you say that?
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Because it was-
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[rushes up and intervenes] Wiffle ball, anyone? [glares at Kyle] Anyone care for a nice game of Wiffle ball?"
Toilet Paper,Butters,"You know, it's not my parents I'm worried about. It's my girlfriend, Carrie. Why, she lives in Michigan. But when she finds out about this, woooo smokey, is she gonna be sore! She might even break up with me. And it would serve me right, too."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"All right, boys, visiting time is over. Thanks for stopping by."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Police Department, outside. The boys leave the station."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"You see guys, it all worked itself out. Tadow, tadow, how you like me now? Feel a little silly now, Kyle? Tadow, how you like me now?"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"I still feel bad, Cartman"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,What? Hu- How can you feel bad? Somebody else is gonna pay for our crime.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Yeah. That makes it even worse.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Bu... ...eh... Kyle, you don't seem to understand. We're we're not gonna get punished for this. Ever."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,I know.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"So... so then, how can you feel bad?"
Toilet Paper,Stan,He feels guilty for doing it and for letting someone else pay for it.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,...But he's not gonna get in trouble.
Toilet Paper,Stan,"It doesn't matter if you get in trouble of not, you can still feel bad. [to Kyle] I think you're right, Kyle. Maybe we should confess."
Toilet Paper,Kenny,"(Yeah, maybe we should.)"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"What?? Eh... [tries to be upbeat] hey you guys! There's nothing to feel bad about! We're, we're off scot-free!"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,We feel bad for other people.
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"[looks at the other boys in disbelief] For oth-er... [winces] Uh. Oww. ...Ih ...Ih, ih, is it that ...you think you might get in trouble later?"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Tomorrow in school we'll all tell the teacher it was us, and let her decide what to do. [points an accusing finger at Cartman] And Cartman, if you had any thread of a conscience at all, you'll do the same! [He, Kyle, and Kenny leave]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Eh buh... eh... eh... Freakin' weirdos, man!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,South Park Police Department. The Stotches arrive at the police station and charge in.
Toilet Paper,Stephen,Well well well! I had to see it to believe it! [approaches the jail cell]
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Hi, Dad."
Toilet Paper,Stephen,"Don't you ""Hi, Dad"" me! Look at you! Standing behind prison bars! Again!"
Toilet Paper,Butters,Yeah.
Toilet Paper,Linda,"What fibs have you been telling this policeman, Butters?! You know damn well you didn't toilet-paper that house!"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Huh??
Toilet Paper,Stephen,"Butters was with us all night, Officer Barbrady."
Toilet Paper,Linda,"Butters, what have we told you about confessing to crimes you didn't commit?! We have had it, mister!"
Toilet Paper,Butters,"Well, he kept accusin' me for hours, and then he shot me up with sodium pentathol."
Toilet Paper,Stephen,And that's your excuse?!
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Well, looks like I made a mistake. I... guess I'd better let you out now. [goes to the cell door and opens it]"
Toilet Paper,Stephen,"Just wait till we get you home, you little fibber!"
Toilet Paper,Butters,"[steps back from the door] Officer, can I stay in jail, please?"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"The woods near Stark's Pond, evening. Eric appears and calls out to people behind him."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"Come on, you guys! Hurry! [steps forward and looks back to his friends] Guys, hurry!"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"[appears] What is it, Cartman? [Kyle and Kenny trail Stan]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,It's over this way! Come on!
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Stark's Pond, later. Cartman rows the small boat to the middle of the lake, as he did before with Kyle. Lonely music plays, as before."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"So how are things, guys?"
Toilet Paper,Stan,"Cartman, we're confessing tomorrow in school, and that's final."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,I'm afraid I can't let that happen.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"You can't kill all three of us, Cartman!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Can't I? [pulls out the Wiffle ball bat and starts whacking the other three. They just look at each other.]
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. Officer Barbrady enters the principal's office."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Excuse me, everyone. [Mr. Mackey and Mrs. Streibel turn around. Principal Victoria sits at her desk] I have someone with me who can tell us all who toilet-papered the art teacher's house! [the door opens and Josh is rolled in tied up to a dolly by a policeman. He quickly looks to his left] Josh insisted he be able to tell you the names of the toilet paperers in person. [on top of a file cabinet near the door is a roll of toilet paper. Josh smiles]"
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, that's nice, Officer Barbrady, but we actually don't need to know-"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"[rushes in] Hold it! [Stan and Kenny rush in behind him] Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, Mrs. Streibel. We have something we need to tell you."
Toilet Paper,Principal Victoria,"All right. Will you people stop barging into my office, please?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,"What's the matter, Principal Victoria? Was your mother abusive? Did she spank your thighs with cold cuts and stick umbrellas up your ass?"
Toilet Paper,Principal Victoria,[pointing] Get him out of here!
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Uh, Policeman Brown, will you take Josh outside, please?"
Toilet Paper,Josh,"[being rolled out] Ooh, Policeman Brown, never quite made officer. Why is that, Policeman Brown? [the roll of toilet paper is now gone...]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,We have to confess that we were the ones that-
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"It's too late, boys, m'kay? We already know everything."
Toilet Paper,Stan,"You, you do? How?"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,[steps forward from the back of the room] Hi guys.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,Cartman??
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I told them everything, you guys. It's over."
Toilet Paper,Principal Victoria,"Luckily for us, one of you had enough of a conscience to come forward."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,My consciences just caught up with me.
Toilet Paper,Kyle,That's not fair!
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"You all get two weeks of detention, except Eric, who gets one week for being brave."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"But, but he's lying! He doesn't have a conscience!"
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Well, I guess my work here is done. After all this, I'm gonna need a long vacation. [turns and exits the room]"
Toilet Paper,Kyle,This was supposed to be my story! My coming to terms with a guilty conscience! This isn't fair!
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway outside the principal's office."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Okay, Josh, time to go back to the... [sees Policeman Brown covered in toilet paper and Josh's dolly empty] Oh no!"
Toilet Paper,Policeman Brown,He... He was too fast for me. He ran out the door!
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Couldn't you have gone after him?
Toilet Paper,Policeman Brown,"Well, ah I'm covered in toilet paper. I'd look silly."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary cafeteria, after school. Mr. Mackey addresses the detained. The boys are there, as well as two of the sixth graders, and Craig and Bebe."
Toilet Paper,Mr. Mackey,"Welcome to detention. You will be here till five o'clock, so make good study use of your time. M'kay?"
Toilet Paper,Stan,Wugh! Two weeks of this!
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Yeah. But I have to say, I feel a lot better now."
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I know what you mean, Kyle. I realize now that even though you might not get caught doing something bad, you can still get caught later."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Oh Jesus! [buries his face in his hands, then raises it as Cartman talks]"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,"I didn't feel bad before, but now I just feel terrible."
Toilet Paper,Kyle,You just feel bad for yourself that you're in detention!
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Right. I guess I learned today that sometimes you-
Toilet Paper,Kyle,"Oh, stop it, Cartman! You didn't learn anything! Not a God-damned thing!"
Toilet Paper,Cartman,Hm.
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"South Park Police Department, afternoon. Barbrady stands at his desk. The phone rings and he answers it."
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,Police station.
Toilet Paper,Josh,[over the earpiece] Hello Officer Barbrady.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Josh? Josh, where are you?!"
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"An undisclosed location, day."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"I'm afraid that giving away my location might be harmful to my freedom, officer. I just wanted to thank you for helping me get out of that dingy cell."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,South Park Police Department.
Toilet Paper,Officer Barbrady,"Josh, you have to go back to Juvenile Hall. You only have a three-week sentence."
Toilet Paper,Scene Description,"Washington DC, day."
Toilet Paper,Josh,"Sorry, officer, gotta run. There's something I've been meaning to do for quite some time. Ciao. [hangs up. Next to him are two boxes full of toilet paper. He picks them up and leaves the phone. The camera zooms out to reveal the location to be a park across the street from the White House. Josh heads for the White House, but stops at the curb to gaze at it.]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The bell rings. The fourth graders are still chatting as Mr. Garrison enters."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, children, let's take our seats. Did you take attendance, Mr. Slave?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Slave,[at his own little desk off to the side] All donesy wunsy. [has a clipboard to prove it]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Garrison,"Okay, let's all take out our math homework and go over the problem."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[searching his notebook] Math homework, Math homework. Where did I file that?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Garrison,"[about to write on the board, but turns around] Oh, and by the way, children, there's a walkout scheduled today to protest the war in Iraq. So, uh, if you're against the war, run along outside, and if you're for the war, uh, stay here and we'll do math problems. [the kids quickly stare at each other]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front entrance. The door open and all the kids run out. A cloud of paper signals their exit. Some of them twirl with delight. The boys come out singing."
I'm a Little Bit Country,The Boys,We got out of schoo-l! No more school toda-ay!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,What should we do?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Let's go see a movie! [they stop in their tracks as they hear ""No war! No war!""]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,No war! No war! [a sea of them mill around on South Park Avenue waving various signs around] No war! No war! [One man wields an American flag. He lowers it while another reaches for a lighter and set the flag aflame.] No war! No war! [three men break into Tele's through its large window and steal various TVs] No war! No war! No war!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,"[walks up to the boys with several signs in his hands] No war, m'kay?! No war, m'kay?! Oh uh, here you go, boys. [hands each of them a sign] These will help you protest. It's good to see that you care about peace, boys, m'kay? No war, m'kay?!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,A voice,"Excuse me, boys. [the boys look and the adult is shown] Tom Stansel, HBC news. Can you kids tell me why you marched out of school today? [behind him is the cameraman and an assistant, and behind her, the news van]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,[pause] Uh... war?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Tom,Right. What about the war?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,[pause] Ih ih ih-t's g-gay?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Tom,"Uh huh, and what aspect of it do you think is most gay?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"[looks at his sign] Uuuh, n-no blood for oil."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,Yeah. [the mic moves back to him as he looks at his sign] War is not my voice.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,[reading Kenny's sign] Bush is a Naizi
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"[arrives with a crowd] Hey all you un-American bastards! If you don't like America, why don't you git out?! [moves his right thumb in front of his shoulder and to his right. With him are Jimbo, Ned, Stuart, and Craig's father Tom]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,Don't you call us un-American! This country was founded on the right to protest! M'kay?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,Yeah! Right!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,"If the Founding Fathers saw you burning your flag an' callin' the President a Nazi, they'd roll over in their grave!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Supporters,Yeah! Right!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,The Founding Fathers would agree with our right to protest!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,Foundin' Fathers would kick all your asses!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Tom,"Boys, what do you think the Founding Fathers would say?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"...Eh the... Founding who? [seconds later, both sides rush each other and attack]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's classroom. He stares at the children angrily, his arms crossed."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Garrison,"[drops his arm, putting his right hand on his hip] Well, I hope you little Commies are pretty pleased with yourselves! [crosses his arms again] Going out there and protesting America, and then saying on national television that you don't even know who the Founding Fathers are! You kids don't know squat about America, do you?!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Butters,"Mmuh well, not really, no."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Garrison,"Well that's just jingles! Because I'm assigning all you little flag-burners a full report on seventeen seventy-siyix, and the Founding Fathers!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Class,Awwwwww!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Garrison,"SHUT UP! I want you all in your study groups of four, and if you can't give an outstanding report on what the Founding Fathers would have to say about all this protesting, then it's Fs for you! [walks off]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's classroom, moments later. The class has separated in groups of four and five. Group 1: Jimmy, Red, Clyde, Bebe, Wendy. Group 2: Butters, Jordan, Kevin, Token. Group 3: Cartman, Kenny, Stan, Kyle. Group 4: Tweek, Pip, blond boy, Craig, another boy. All are studying quietly. Camera angle moves from the front of the room to the side of the room opposite the door."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[beginning to slack off] Ugh. Ughuh. [tries to resume studying, but his eyes grow heavy. He panics] I can't do it! This is waaay too much material for a nine-year-old! [yawns loudly and promptly sleeps on his book]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"[smacks Cartman] Oh no you don't, Cartman! Every time we get put in a study group, you sit on your ass while the rest of us do all the work!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,But you guys are such better studiers than me. I know you can pull it off.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,[pointing] You're gonna read this stuff and study like the rest of us!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Maaaa. M-maaaa.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,[annoyed] SHUT UP AND STUDY!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Maaaa. Mah mah mh. [reluctantly returns to reading. He begins to fidget, then reads more, then fidgets again, turns the page, fidgets once more, then just thinks] Hmmm, 1776. When our Founding Fathers created America. I wonder what it used to be like in those days? [repeats the question, his voice fading at each repetition] In those days? In those days? In those days?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,[noticing] What are you doing?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,I'm trying to have a flashback.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kenny,(A what?)
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"You know. If I have a flashback, then I can see what 1776 was like first-hand!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"No, you just have to study."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"No. I've seen this work before. Just give me a second. [thinks] Oh okay, okay. How about this: Say guys, 1776 was so long ago. I wonder what life would have been like back then? [repeats the last two words, his voice fading at each repetition] Back then? Back then? Back then? [nothing happens. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny look at him] Um... Oh waitwait, I know, I know! Heheh, you know guys, I don't even care about 1776. It was so long ago, that I don't think it has anything to do with me. [his voice begins to fade and he begins moving his hands around like a pantomime. The camera closes in] With me. With... anything to do with me. With me."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"That isn't gonna work, dumbass!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Slave,"Kids, let's keep it down for study group, or else Mr. Garrison is going to punish me."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"[from behind his book] Just face it, Cartman. You're gonna have to study!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[throws a fit] Maaaaa. Meh mameh, Maaaaa!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,South Park Avenue. The opposing groups face each other in front of the tallest building in town. Skeeter paints a line across the span of the street and looks up.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"There! All finished. From now on, this is the pro-war side of town, and that's the unpatriotic side. [the war supporters begin to clamor]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"How about we call this the rational side of town, and that the redneck side?!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,"Hahahaha, yeah."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jimbo,You just keep all your flag burnin' and your hippie-rock protest songs on YOUR side of the town!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protester,"Hey wait a minute, your side of town has the post office."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,Well your side has the grocery store.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jimbo,Well you can come to our side of town to use the post office and we can go to your side to use the grocery store.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Gerald,"Aaah, can we cross the line to take our kids to school?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jimbo,"W-hell, naturally you could cross the line for that. Just like ...we could cross the line for hardware, supplies, gas, and pharmaceutical needs."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Townsfolk,"Yup, yes sir, yeah, right, uh huh."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"Hey everybody, this is never going to work. Don't you see? All this dividin' up the town, it's just ridiculous. What we really should be doing, is just beatin' the hell out of each other like we were."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"He's right. [looks at Sheila] Boy, do I feel like a fool. [moments later, both sides attack each other again. Among the skirmishes: Kenny's mom attacks Gerald, Sheila attacks Ned]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, upstairs. The boys walk down the hallway and reach Cartman's room. He's rigged up a way to ... knock himself out. Three pulley wheels and a nail guide a string tied to the door across the entrance, up the wall, and back to the top of the door entrance. At the other end of the string is a big rock."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"Cartman, what the hell are you doing?! You're supposed to be studying! [the boys stop at the entrance to Cartman's room]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,That's what I'm doing. I'm about to find out all about what happened back in 1776. [tests the tautness of the string]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,How?!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"All I have to do is be thinking about American history when I walk through this doorway. I'll trip the rope, causing the rock to fall on my head. And then I will have a flashback to the times of our Founding Fathers!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"Cartman, you are hereby declared a full-fledged retard!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Haha, make fun of me all you want, Kyle! But I will have the last laugh. Gentlemen, if you will clear the doorway, please? [Stan and Kyle look at each other, Kenny looks at them. They clear the doorway. Kyle stands on one side, Stan and Kenny on the other. Cartman backs up, clears his throat, then begins to walk with purpose] Oh Gee. I wonder what it used to be like in the year 1776. [trips the string. The rock immediately falls on his head, knocking him out. He moans a few times.]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,Cartman? Cartman?? [the boys gather around Cartman. Kyle turns him over.]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Benjamin Franklin?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"No, turdpants, it's Kyle!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[touches Kyle, then in a weak raspy voice] Kyle! Get out of my flashback, you God-damned Jew!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"City Hall, day. Both sides of the war issue are in the office."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Townsfolk,Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mayor McDaniels,"Okay, people. What are we rambling about now?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"[steps forward] Mayor, our peace rally has always been set for this Saturday! Now, these pro-war bastards are suddenly trying to say they get the town square."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"[steps forward, past a few war supporters] That's bullcrap, Mayor! Our rally to support the war was set up months ago!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Gerald,There was no war months ago!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,"Hey, if you don't like America, then you can git out!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"Look, nobody wants to hear a bunch of twangy country music propaganda!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,Well nobody wants to hear a bunch o' rock protest songs! [both side begin to clamor again]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,"Well up yours, rednecks!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Townsfolk,Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble! Rabble!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mayor McDaniels,"Quiet people! The town square is public space. That means if neither group will nicely and maturely move the day of its rally, I'll just have to give the town square to both groups."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jimbo,"All right, that's fine! Because our war support songs will be a thousand times better!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"Oh, you think so? Bring the shizzle!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,We'll trizzle the shizzle all over the hizzle!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Gerald,"Yeah?! See you Saturday, makizzer shanna sharilla shaz biuznatch gazizzah!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night. The front door opens and in walk the boys."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,Cartman?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"Cartman? You'd better be studying, God-damnit! [there's debris all over the living room. The boys arrive at Cartman hanging from a candy-cane colored swing set with the swings removed. Beneath him is a tub of water. Cartman has it rigged so that he pulls a string, which releases him and at the same time triggers a sledgehammer, which hits a box, which is supposed to land in the tub with him.]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Ah, Stan, Kyle, Kenny, you're just in time."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,Oh no...
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Oh yes! I am just about to flash back to the days of our Founding Fathers!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"Cartman, you're supposed to be studying! What the hell is all this?!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"I have programmed TiVo to record over fifty hours of the History channel. When TiVo is full, both TiVo and I will be dropped into the water, combining our electrowhatever fields and sending me into a flashback of history!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Uh Cartman, I think that's a really bad idea."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Or a really sweet one. [a bell is heard]
I'm a Little Bit Country,TV OH,Your Tivo is full.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Whoa, here it goes! [triggers the sledgehammer as he falls. Both he and the TiVo land in the tub, and the house shorts out. Cartman is electrocuted as he lands in the water. The boys spend a few seconds in the darkness looking at Cartman, wondering if he'll come to. Kenny turns and walks away slowly]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,Cartman? [no response] Cartman??
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,Aww crap.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"The flashback. Cartman is seen in period dress, face down on a dirt road. He comes to, looks up, sits up and looks around, then notices his clothes. He quickly rises and looks at Philadelphia in the distance."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Ohhh awesome!!! [a horse-drawn carriage approaches, driven by a teenage boy.]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,"Worthy young lad, are you all right?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Yeah yeah. Can you tell me what year it is?
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,"This year? Why it's 1776, it is."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Oho yes! I did it I did it!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,"Would you like a ride into town? I'm on my way to Master Thomas Jefferson's house to get a very important document, I am."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Oho kick fucking ass, dude! [approaches the carriage and climbs up to sit alongside the driver]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,"Never seen you around here, friend. Might you be from up North?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"No, I'm not from here at all. I'm having a flashback."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,"A flashback? Why, what is that?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Well you know, it's a... [points at something] H-ho, awesome! [they've entered the town and Cartman begins to sing.] Look at me, I'm back in time, in 1776. With gaslight corners, cobblestone streets, and humble houses made of bricks. What a special magic time, and it's all alive for me I'm so glad Stan and Kyle aren't here. I hate those guys, seriously. Seriously hate those guys. Hate Stan and Kyle."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day, Cartman's recovery room. Cartman's mom sits by his bed as Stan and Kyle look on. Dr. Doctor enters."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Liane,"[jumps up worried] Is he going to be all right, doctor??"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Dr. Doctor,Your son tried to kill himself in a ritualistic fashion I've never seen before. His chances of surviving are very slim. I'm so sorry.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Liane,"[quickly returns to embrace him, with emotion in her voice.] Oh baby baby, you can't die."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"Yeah. We have a report to do, asshole! Get up! Get up!! [shakes him hard]"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Liane,"Whoa. Easy, Kyle."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"But it's not fair! We have to do a full report on the Founding Fathers, and Cartman got out of helping us again!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"I guess we're just gonna have to do it with the three of us! Come on, guys!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Liane,"I know you're in a very dark place now, sweetie. But you must come toward the light! Come toward the light!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Flashback, night. The driver and Cartman approach Jefferson's house."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,"Here we are, then. The current residence of Master Thomas Jefferson."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,Super neato! [both driver and Cartman disboard and walk towards the door]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,[stops and turns] I'm afraid you'll have to wait here.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"But, I need to talk to the Founding Fathers to do my report."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Official messenger boy,Sorry. Only the official messenger boy is allowed to talk to Mister Jefferson
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"Oh, okay.I guess I understand. [the driver walks off. Cartman notices some firewood and picks up a log of it, then follows the driver while singing to himself] I don't wanna wait for our life to be over...[he quickly assaults the driver and beats him with the log, then drags the body away and returns to the Jefferson residence, knocking on the door] I don't wanna wait for our life to be over..."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jefferson,Hello. I am Thomas Jefferson.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"And I am the official messenger boy, I am."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jefferson,[holding a document] Very well. Take this document to the Continental Congress. [hands it to Cartman]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"[beholding it] Wow, the Declaration of Independence Day."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jefferson,Some favor going to war with England and others want to avoid war at all cost.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Cartman,"It's a bitch, ain't it?"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Jefferson,"Perhaps this document will make the reasons for war obvious to all. Good luck, young messenger! [Cartman turns and heads for the carriage] Now make haste!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Kyle, Stan, and Kenny study at the coffee table in the living room."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Okay, so Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, then the Continental Congress-"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protesters,"[first heard, then seen as they enter from screen left] No war! No war! No war!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,"Oh, Jesus..."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,"Uh, boys, would you mind clearing the living room. We have to practice our big war protest song."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Dad, we have to study. Mr. Garrison is making us do a presentation on what the Founding Fathers would say about the war."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Mr. Mackey,Hey... That's a terrific idea!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Gerald,Yeah! We could have the boys do their presentation as part of our peace rally on Saturday!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Oh, no, nononono."
I'm a Little Bit Country,Supporters,"[first heard, then they enter through the front door] Support our troops! Support our troops! Support our troops!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,See? I told you they had your son.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,Kenny. What are you doing over here with all these un-American traitors?!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kenny,(I'm doing my homework.)
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,The boys are going to give a presentation at our rally about how the Founding Fathers would agree with our right to protest! [the war supporters clamor against Randy]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"Actually, we hadn't really come to a decision-"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,"Look! My son is a patriot and LOVES his country! [grabs Kenny's jacket] Come on, Kenny!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kenny,"(But Dad, I-)"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stuart,NOW!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Skeeter,Yeah!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Supporters,Support our troops! Support our troops! Support our troops! Support our troops! [they walk out the front door. Kenny follows his dad out. Stan follows him ]
I'm a Little Bit Country,Stan,"[stops at the open door] Kenny, no- ohhh! Awww. [turns around and returns to the table] Awww, now we lost two in our study group!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,[shoves his book off the table] God damnit!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Randy,Can you believe those hick sons of bitches? Manipulating those kids to be on their side.
I'm a Little Bit Country,Gerald,"Disgraceful! Stan and Kyle, it's up to you to show all those war-mongerers that the Founding Fathers agree with us!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protester 1,"Yeah, that's right!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protester 2,"Come on, guys!"
I'm a Little Bit Country,Protester 3,Get back to work!
I'm a Little Bit Country,Kyle,Do you think kids in every town have to deal with this crap?
