Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,South Park Town Square. The town is assembled yet again.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"Ladies and gentlemen, on this fourth day of Conjoined Twin Myslexia Week, all our prayers are with our little South Park Cows now playing their hearts out in China."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The town cheers.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"Now, join me in saluting our Cows and help make Nurse Gollum not feel like an outcast with our first official Conjoined Twin Myslexia hats!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,One of her aides passes out the hats as an organ plays. Nurse Gollum just watches.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Meanwhile, in China, at the Temple, Chef is tending to his injured players. Kyle is hooked up to an IV. The other players are bandaged up according to the severity of their injuries."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,And there is-a only a one South Park prayer left.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Pip stands alone on the court, Kenny is still plastered to the wall behind him."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,Still all Chinese prayer. This should be over veerry shortly.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese kid,Come on! Throw ball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Hey, you wanna hear my impersonation of American?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Yeah, yeah!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Ah, okay."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Tom puts his hands to his eyelids and opens them wide to simulate American eyes, and talks in a deep voice."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Hey, I really, really want that. That looks good."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,They have a good laugh.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,"Hey, hey. Let me try, let me try."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,He sets up with a deep voice.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,I'll use my credit card.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"They laugh harder, and he resumes."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,Eh-eh-uh... Do you have any non-dairy creamer?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,They both laugh.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Tom,"Yes yes! [Laughs.] Y'all come a-back now, you hear?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,They laugh so hard they fall from their chairs.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"[Crestfallen.] Oh, what have I done?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Cartman comes over and sits next to him.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"You know, Eric, I just realized something. I have been obsessed, and obsession isn't good."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Cartman bites into a chocolate bar.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"If we had won the world championship, what then?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Kevin walks off.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,It would only be a bigger letdown the next year if we didn't win! Our lives would have to revolve around dodgeball. Our lives were fine before.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Cartman farts and tries to fan it away.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Oh, I'm sorry, children. I let it all go to my head. Can you ever forgive me?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The kids are stunned at this sudden reversal of desire.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Come on, forget this stupid game. Let's go home."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese kid,Come on! Throw ball!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kevin,"[Walking over to player 70.] Hey, if you wanna make him throw the ball, say this."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Kevin hands him a note to read.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player 70,"Thanks, you American dumbass! [Reads it.] ""You French piece of crap! Throw ball!"""
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Pip gets angry.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Player 70,"""What's the matter, Frenchy? You got crepes in your ears."""
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The Chinese team laughs. Pip gets livid rather quickly.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,Arrggghhh!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"Pip starts spinning. The Chinese team watches as Pip picks up speed, and the players gasp. Pip releases the ball and it shoots all over the temple stadium, knocking out players left and right, until all of them are down. Pip slows down, and finally stops."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chinese commentator,And the winner is South Park Cows!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Musicians play.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,"Everyone! Everyone, look! I won the game! We're world champions! Mr. Chef, Mr. Chef. South Park is the world champion in dodgeball. Oh, glorious day!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The South Park team is limping off the court, with Kyle taking his IV along."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Chef,"Shut up, Pip."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Yeah, shut up, Pip. [To Chef.] Can we go home now?"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Pip,Did you all see? I can't believe I threw such a ball with my own arm. It was--
Conjoined Fetus Lady,"Kids, Chef","Shut up, Pip!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,South Park Town Square. The mayor is on stage.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"As this year's Conjoined Twin Myslexia Awareness Week draws to a close, I would like to personally thank all of you for your enthusiastic cooperation."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,The crowd cheers.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"Now, let's hear it one more time for our world champion South Park Cows!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The team is standing behind a low wall with a trophy at one end, next to Chef. Kyle is dressed normally but still bandaged."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,What the hell is everyone wearing on their heads?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"And now, let's hear from the woman of the week! The incredible, courageous Nurse Gollum!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,Agghh!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Dude, it's the freak nurse!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,Holy crap!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Dammit, Kyle! We've been working all week against that kind of behavior!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Well sorry, dude, we weren't here."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Thank you, Mayor. I uhhh, wa-I... I don't know what to say; this has been quite a week."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,[Wiping away a tear.] She's really touched.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"What I really wanna say is... well, -egh-- This may sound odd coming from a woman with a fetus sticking out of her head, but... you're all a bunch of freaks!"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,"The crowd is stunned, Mayor McDaniels takes the mic from Nurse Gollum."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Mayor McDaniels,"Uhhh, freaks with big hearts! And now--"
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,Don't you realize that the last thing I ever wanted was to be singled out?
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Sheila and Father Maxi look betrayed.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"I just wanted to do my job and live my life like any normal person, but instead you've made everybody focus on my handicap all week long."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,More people look at each other.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,"Look, I don't want to be treated different. I don't want to be treated special orh-or treated gingerly. I just want to be ridiculed, shouted at, and made fun of like all the rest of you do to each other."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,People are listening.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Nurse Gollum,And take those stupid things off your heads!
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,She turns and walks off the stage.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Principal Victoria,"Oh, my, what an ungrateful bitch."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Sheila,"Yeah, the nerve of some people."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Kyle,"Hey, you know, that nurse is actually pretty cool."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Stan,"Yeah, maybe that dead fetus makes her smarter."
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,I love you guys.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Scene Description,Stan and Kyle merely look at him and say nothing.
Conjoined Fetus Lady,Cartman,"Ah, screw you guys!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"A television is on, and a new show seems to be on the air."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"And now back to Huntin' and Killin' with South Park's favorite hunters, Jimbo and Ned!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jimbo and Ned are on a studio based on a hunting lodge. Jimbo and Ned each have weapons, Ned's flamethrower is even lit, ready to go."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hi, I'm Jimbo Kern, and this here is Ned. Say hi, Ned."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"M-hi, Ned."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Arrgh-ha-ha-ha! Now, isn't that great?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The cameraman give him a thumbs up.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"We have a terrific show for you today: we're gonna kill some elk, and we're gonna kill some mountain goats. Now, the new law passed by Colorado legislature, which Ned and I call ""Pussy Law #4"", states that we can no longer kill animals in defense. ""PUSSY LAW #4"" NO ANIMAL SHALL BE HARMED, EVEN IN SELF DEFENSE, UNLESS SPECIFIC LICENSE AND SEASON IS IN ORDER. SELF DEFENSE CAN ONLY BE JUSTIFIED BY EXTREME, PROVABLE PERIL AND OR DOCUMENTED VISIBLE BODILY HARM. In other words, our old line of, ""It's comin' right for us""--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,It's comin' right for us.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"--no longer works. So now, we only kill animals to, quote, ""thin out their numbers"". If we don't hunt, then these animals will grow too big in number and they won't have enough food. So you see, we have to kill animals, or else they'll die."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"An awkward moment. Jimbo, Ned and the cameraman look at each other."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Uhh... So roll the tape.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"A trill, and the tape shows a field into which Jimbo and Ned wander."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Here we are at Schaefer's Crossing, lookin' for some animals."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Lookie, Ned, there's some deers!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A group of deer looks up and stares at them.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Quick, Ned! Thin out their numbers!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Thin out their numbers!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Walks up to the deer and fires up the flamethrower, producing a huge flame. The deer are incinerated where they stand, and their bones crumble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Good work, Ned. Now they won't starve."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,That sure was a great hunting trip. We saved those deer from extinction.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mmm-we're environmentalists.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Comin' up next, we're gonna drop some napalm on an unsuspecting family of beavers. And also, try to thin out the numbers of some endangered species."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. Class is in session. Mr. Garrison writes ""Vietnam"" on the blackboard."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Mr. Garrison, what's Vietnam?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,"""What's Vietnam?"" A question a child might ask, but not a childish question. Heheheheheheheheheh. Children, for the next few days, we'll be learning all about Vietnam. Chances are that somebody in your own lives was affected by this incredible war."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Hat,"That's right, Mr. Garrison. The Vietnam War was sticky and icky."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kyle raises his hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, were you in Vietnam?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison frowns as he seems to recall an incident in that war. An injured man is dragged to a helicopter as fresh troops wait to replace him.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Injured Man,Aaawwwgh... Aaawwwgh...
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Leader,"Come on, men! Let's go! Jump out of the chopper!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The class is waiting. Now Mr. Garrison is smiling as the next scene begins. A group of men is seen disrobed and bathing. At the end of it, he laughs to himself."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man 1,Who's next to take a shower?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man 2,Me-ee!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man 3,I am.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man 1,"You just took one last week, silly."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man 2,"Oh, where can I hide this big pipe?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,"No, I wasn't in Vietnam, but sometimes, I like to pretend I was. Anyway, children, I'm going to assign you all a paper."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Class,Awww..!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Son of a bitch.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,I want you all to find somebody in your own life who was in Vietnam and interview them about it.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Clyde,What if we don't know anybody who was in Vietnam?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,"Then you get an F, fail the third grade, and have to get a job cleaning septic tanks to support your drug habit."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Clyde,Oh.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Dude, my uncle Jimbo was in Vietnam."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Hey, yeah! He and Ned do that stupid TV show."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Back to Huntin' and Killin, in a special segment..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"And now, time for Jimbo's Mysteries of the Unexplained."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The letters are wavy and uneven. The boys come to see the taping.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"One of our loyal viewers from South Park sent us some 8mm film of what he claims to be the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Now, as you all know, the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka can supposedly kill you with one horrid gaze. If a person even so much as looks into the frog's eyes, they can be paralyzed, or even die. And this film proves that that frog may very well exist."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The film plays. Shown is a snowy field, with the camera looking from behind some blades of grass."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Now watch carefully, you're gonna see the Mexican staring frog."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Nothing seems to be happening.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"There! There, did you see it? Roll that back again!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The film is replayed.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Now, freeze it!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The film is paused, and there is a very blurry object flying through the air."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, I'd like to know what all you skeptics have to say now! What do you think, Ned?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"M-whoa, I'm scared."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, be sure to join us next time. Until then... We're so glad you spent your time with us While we slaughtered our way through nature's guts Come again and stay a while We'll kill a lot more living things to make them bleed"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mm-good night.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,"A-and we're cut. Great show, guys."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Oh, lookie who's here. My little nephew Stanley."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys approach him.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"So, you're interested in your Uncle Jimbo's big TV show, huh?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,No. We have to do a stupid report on Vietnam. You and Ned are the only guys we know who were there.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Oh. Yeah, we sure were."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Was it fun?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Cartman! What kind of stupid-ass question is that?! Of course it was fun!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, sure, Vietnam was fun. But not like goin-to-the-circus fun, or fly-fishin-in-Montana fun. No, Vietnam was more like shovin' shards of broken glass up your ass and then sittin' in a tub of Tabasco sauce fun."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Whoa!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Yepper, that's where me and Ned met."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Flashback to circa 1975, to a beach. A man write something on a notebook as helicopters take turns landing on a helipad below. An amusement park is just to the right, with a carousel and a log ride. A log comes into view with screaming riders. ""Time of the Season"" by The Zombies, plays."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,I remember I had just gotten off the Ferris wheel.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Oh, boy, what a gorgeous day!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A bird alights on his upper arm and sings to him. He whistles back.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Sergeant,"Kern, get over here! The new privates are here. I'm assigning one of them to you as a trainee. Ned Gerblansky."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The crowd parts to reveal him.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"Ned Gerblansky reporting, sir."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Sergeant,"Thanks, Ned. Now, the bad guys have been spotted about ten klicks north of here. I know that you and Kern are best suited to take them out. Are you up for it?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,"Jimbo, Ned","Sir, yes, sir!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Actual footage of a helicopter flying off is shown.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Soon it was all on just me and Ned to win the war for America.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Pass me some more cocoa, will you, Ned?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Certainly. And would you like another muffin as well?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Why the hell not? We're at war.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Ned hands them over, then sits back, pulls out a cigarette and lighter, and lights the cigarette."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hey, you know those things are bad for your throat."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"No, that's all lies. I'll be fine. Charlies at 2 o'clock!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo studies the troop movements on the ground.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,I see 'em! Drop the bomb!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Ned pulls the trigger, but nothing happens."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,The bomb's not releasing!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Oh, no!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,It won't budge.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Then we only have one option.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo forces the plane down.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"What are you doing, man?!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"We have to take 'em out, Ned! At all costs! Die, you red commie bastards!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Comes in for a crash landing, and enemy troops are running out of their way. Jimbo and Ned come out and shoot everyone they can. The enemy soldiers die on the spot. Ned pulls out a grenade to activate and throw at other enemy troops, but it goes off prematurely and takes off his right arm."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,[His arm flies away.] Yaaarrrggghhh!!!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,[Firing away.] Aaarrrggghh-- Oh no! Out of ammo!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jimbo reaches behind himself and pulls out a sword. A horse with golden mane and tail trots in. Ned fights off the enemy troops with his good arm and martial arts skill, and Jimbo flies onto the horse. He sallies forth and decapitates every soldier he comes across. When the enemy soldiers are all dead, Jimbo puts the sword away, and they look at the corpses around them."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"We did it, Ned! We killed the entire Vietcong Army!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Whoopie.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned brings out a cigarette and lights it with his good hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Let's get back to base camp. We can ride the log ride before it closes!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Ned flies onto the horse behind Jimbo, and horse and riders leap gracefully away, as we return to the present."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"And that's the way it happened, boys."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Wow!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Man, Vietnam was sweet!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,"[Reading a magazine.] Great news, guys. Your TV show ratings have doubled!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Wow!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,They've gone from six people to twelve.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Holy smokes! We could get an Emmy!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,South Park Public Access. The set of Jesus and Pals.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"We've got to do it, J. Your ratings are being killed by the Jimbo and Ned Hunting Show."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,But I don't really care about that.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Wuhell, you'd better care, Mr. Smarty Pants. No ratings means no show. If you want to keep reaching out to people, you have to keep up with the times."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"[Reluctantly.] Ohh, alright."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,"Alright, we're ten second to air, guys."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Remember, big, big, big!."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,She holds up her hands and moves them apart with each 'big.' Then she walks off.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,"And five, four, three..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Spotlight beams dance around the studio.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"[Applause] It's your hour of power on midday Mountain Cable Access. Put your hands together and welcome the only man in town who always has a fully-stocked wine cellar, Jeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-sus Christ!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus is caught off guard as a spotlight jumps to him.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Uhhh... Hi.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,His producer signals him to build up his intro.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uh, yeh-yeah, okay. Beginning today, we're taking the show in a new direction."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A stage hand guides him through with the cue cards.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"We've got some very interesting people coming on the show this week for you, our viewers. Today's guest is: TV's Gilligan, Mr. Bob Denver."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Applause, as the curtains open."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,Here's Booooobbb Denver.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,He makes his way to Jesus. They shake hands and sit down.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Hi, Bob Denver."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Bob,"Hi, Jesus. Great to be here."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,His tongue is exposed. There is a pause as they look at each other.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"So. Bob. So, yu-you just get in town?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Bob,Yup. Just got in.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"[Pause.] So... Um... Su-so, wwhat have you been up to?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Bob,Nn-nothing. Nothing really at all.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The producer cues the studio and to play.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Disciples vocalist,'Nothin' from nothin' leaves nothin' You gotta have something
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,[Cynically.] Oh boy.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. Stan is presenting his group's report, reading from his notes."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"""...and after killing the entire Vietcong Army, they returned to base camp."""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison is behind Clyde.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"""Once there, they rode the Devil's Drop roller coaster."""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison gets a reaction.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"""...and ate cotton candy. And ultimately, Ned got the Purple Heart for his courageous defense of the log ride."""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison is suspicious.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"""So was the horror of Vietnam."" The end."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,The Boys,The end.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Are there any questions?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Mr. Garrison raises his hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Yes, Mr. Garrison?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,Yes. [Suddenly angry.] Where the fuck did you hear this ridiculous load of bullshit?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys' grins vanish.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,From Vietnam veterans.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,"Well, boys, it's obvious to me that you didn't do your work, and that you stayed up all night thinking up some ridiculous lie."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"No, no, we didn't--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,You all receive an F...minus.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,F-minus? Can he do that?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Bu-but we're not making it up, it was--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,"Stanley, the Vietnam War was war! There weren't galloping steeds or singing birds or log rides."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,How do you know? You weren't even there.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Garrison,"Well, that's it! All of you have detention for the rest of the week!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Boys,Aawwww!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, cafeteria. Mr. Mackey is supervising detention."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Sweet.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Mackey,"Welcome to detention, m'kay? Mr. Garrison told me about your little joke. It's important for you all to know why you're in detention for you to obtain the full benefits from it."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"You're dead, Stan."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"For what, dude?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kenny,"(Just face it, dude, your uncle's stupid!)"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Mackey,"[While the boys talk softly.] You're here because you are inferior, m'kay? You are here because you are awkward, m'kay?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Well, Stan, thanks a lot for having such a cool uncle that got us all detention for a week."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Yeah, dude, your Uncle Jimbo sucks ass!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Mackey,Shh! M'kay?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Why would he just invent a story instead of telling us the truth?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Well, let's see... Maybe 'cause he's an old, drunk hillbilly dick!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Mr. Mackey,Shh! M'kay?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"[Pounds the table.] We've got to get him back, dude."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Totally.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,How?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Well, he screwed us by makin' something up; I say we do the same thing."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Well, what do you mean?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Did you guys ever see that one Brady Bunch where the guy... [Indistinct whisper.]
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"[As Kyle whispers his plot.] Sweet. Oh, yeah, sweet. That's super sweet. Ah-yes!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo and Ned back on the set.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"And now back to Huntin' and Killin' with South Park's favorite hunters, Jimbo and Ned!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Welcome, hunters. Boy, have we got a show for you today! We have just received a tape from another viewer who filmed the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka right here in South Park."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Aggghhh!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Yes, now we're about to roll the film, but remember: if you look the Mexican staring frog in the eyes, you could go catatonic. We don't know if this applies to pictures of the frog or not, but who wants to take chances? So when we roll this film, be sure to look away."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo looks away and shields his eyes with his arm. Ned does the same.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Okay, roll the film, Tom."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Tom starts the film and looks away. The footage is that of a fake frog sitting on a doorstep motionless.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Is it over? Okay, it's over."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,They lower their arms and sit up.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, there you have it. Undeniable proof that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka exists."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman residence. The boys are watching the show.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"And you saw it here, on The Jimbo and Ned Show."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Dude, I can't believe they fell for it!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Yeah, what a couple of dumb-asses."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kenny,"(Yeah, it's like killing a dead pig and a turkey.)"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,They all laugh.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Yeah.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Come on! We've gotta make another one!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys get off the couch and leave.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Lying kicks ass!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,South Park Public Access. Meanwhile...
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,Jesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Yeah?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,We're in trouble. The Jimbo and Ned Show made up some ridiculous staring frog story and jumped another two points in the ratings!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uh-oh, sssooo what are we supposed to do?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"I don't know. We'll have to continue with the changes we've made, and then go even further."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stage Hand,"And we're back in five, four, three..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Remember, big, big, big!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus and Pals has a new opening sequence, with Jesus walking backwards into view and throwing his jacket over his shoulder. Meanwhile, 'Jesus and Pals' scrolls along the bottom as both his logo drops down from above. His signature blinks here and there. A montage follows with Jesus talking to a monkey in one screen and Jesus waiting for calls in another. The last thing you see is J&P."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"If you're just joining us, we've been listening to Michelle's incredible story of survival. Go on, Michelle."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michelle,"[Tearfully.] Well, as I was saying, I tried and tried, but my overturned car just won't budge. My husband was trapped for twelve hours."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"And yet, somehow, he managed to survive."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michelle,"That's right. He's a very brave man, and I love him very much."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Husband,"[In a wheelchair, head bandaged.] I love you, too."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"W-well, let's see if the audience has any questions."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A large woman raises her hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Yes, uhh, you over there."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus walks down to her.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Large Woman,"I think she needs to kick him to the curb, baby!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience applauds.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Kick who to the curb?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Large Woman,Her no-good husband! She's got to lose that zero and get herself a hero!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience applauds.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,But--
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Red-Haired Woman,"He wants to have his cake and eat it, too. He's got to dump that trash girlfriend."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,She grabs the mic.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Red-Haired Woman,It's all about respect. You've gotta have respect for yourself.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The audience applauds. Michelle is shocked, and her husband drools a little blood."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Uuh-I think we've somewhat missed the point here. Let's go to somebody else.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus backs up to an African American.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Yes, your comments."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michael Jackson fan,"Montel, I think we're forgetting something very important in all of this. Okay, sure, he touched some children, but the man is a great singer and he has entertained us for so many years."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,esus,Wha-what are you talking about?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michael Jackson fan,"Michael Jackson. All this baad-mouthin' and puttin' the man down. Maybe he did touch some children now and then, but come on! It's Michael Jackson! Michael Jackson!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience applauds.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uhh, we'll be back right after these messages."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"In the woods, the boys set up for another staring frog video. Cartman is behind some bushes and Kyle is in front of them. Stan and Kenny face them."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Ready, you guys?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle/Cartman,Ready.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman is hiding behind the bush.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Okay. Action!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The camera rolls, and the frog is dangling from a fishing pole, jumping around. Cartman, holding the pole, speaks in a spooky voice."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Blululululululuh. I am the deadly Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. I am very scary... And dangerous!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Cut! Cartman!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,[Popping up.] What?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,It's supposed to be a frog!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,I know that!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Since when do frogs talk, Cartman?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,[Thinks.] It's a Sri Lanka frog!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"[Holding the camera.] Der, Cartman!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Der yourself, hippie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Just do it again, Cartman, and don't make it talk! [Resumes filming.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Okay. Here we go. Ready? Are you ready, Cartman?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"[Pops up.] I'm ready, Steven Spielberg! [Drops.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Action!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,[Moves the frog around.] Blulululuh. Screw you guys.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Downtown. The boys have Cartman wearing a grey wig, a pink dress, and black high heels."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Well, why do I have to dress up like an old lady?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"'Cause old ladies are fat and you are, too!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Ee-goddammit!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Come on, Cartman, the way we're filming this, nobody will even know it's you."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,They better not!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Okay, when I yell ""action"", you start to walk this way, then Kenny's going to pull the plastic frog in front of you, and you have to be scared."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Scared of a plastic frog?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"It's acting, Cartman. You have to pretend you're really scared, then the Mexican staring frog will look you in the eyes, then you fall down, like you're dead, okay? Ready?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Man, this is stupid."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Good. A-and action!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Kenny walks in front of the camera with the frog, as Cartman screams and falls on his back."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Eee-ee-ee-ee!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo and Ned back on the set.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, it appears as though a lot of you ""skeptics"" thought that the film we showed of the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka was a fake. That you say it didn't harm anybody. Well, it just so happens that we just received another film from another anonymous viewer. [Looks away.] Roll it!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The two scenes have been spliced together, except that Cartman falls on his left side, and Kenny added his own touch by mooning the camera."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"There you go! Proof that not only is this frog real, but it is doing harm to the people of South Park as we speak!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mmmm-damn that frog.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, that does it! All this week, Ned and I will be--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,South Park Public Access. His producer is watching Huntin' and Killin'.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"--risking life and limb as we go on location to hunt the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. Join us, won't ya?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Ooh, no, no, no, no!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus walks up behind her.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"This is the biggest publicity stunt I've ever seen! Damn, those hunters are clever!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uhhh, clever?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"It's genius, it really is. Hell, I even want to watch them hunt the Mexican staring frog. Unless..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Unless what?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Unless we can prove to the City world that the whole thing is a sham. If we prove that the Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka is just something..made up by Jimbo and Ned, we can have them taken off the air. Perhaps even killed!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Look, why don't we just stick to our own show? People will watch again."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"[Wearily.] Oh, J. You are so omnipotent, and yet so naive. We'll launch a full investigation, and in the meantime, we can cash in on the video tapes."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,What video tapes?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A commercial begins.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Yea, children. I am the way and the light..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,You've seen Jesus and Pals. Now you've got to get the video!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus and Pals: Too Hot for TV! A man pours some whipped cream on the chest of a topless bikini-clad woman wearing a cowboy hat.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,Things get a little out of control!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Another guest yells obscenities at another guest, but his mouth is censored."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,You won't believe your eyes!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus is flanked by two Klansmen as he interviews them.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"Order now, only $19.95!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus is Lord!!! Visa, MC, and AmEx accepted."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Announcer,"Remember, this is stuff you can't see on TV!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Two other women in bikinis take off their tops and dance around. Their breasts are censored with bars saying ""TOO HOT!!!"""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Next day. Jimbo and Ned with cameraman Tom and producer drive through the town.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Anonymous tip?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Tom,"Yeah, it was left on our answering machine. All it said was that they saw the Mexican staring frog just south of Stark's Pond this morning."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hey, Ned. Remember that time when we got the anonymous tip back in 'Nam?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Tom,You were in 'Nam? Where were you stationed?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mmm-Da Nang.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,With the log ride?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Yep.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Tom,"Man, I was in Tet. We had a bad-ass roller coaster, but... all we ever wanted was a log ride. We waited and we waited, but... they never built us one. I think..Danforth wanted the log ride more than anybody, but he... he had to settle with that lame dinosaur water adventure ride."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,That war was hell on everybody.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Tom starts sobbing.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Good. Okay. Okay, bye! Good news, everybody. This week's ratings are through the roof! We're up to twenty people!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Wow! Do we got more money?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"No, but I do. We're now the highest-rated show on Mountain Cable Access! God bless the Mexican staring frog!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The boys are back in the woods, and their frog is on a small boulder."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Dude, they're gonna look so stupid."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Dude, totally."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"They deserve it for lying to us, dude."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"[Relishing the moment.] Revenge is so very, very sweet."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,They're here! Hurry and hide!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,They run for cover in a patch of shrubs. Jimbo stops his hummer and the men get out.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Let's hunt!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,We'll start with a two-shot of you and Ned getting your equipment together and--
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,"Mm-Jimbo, look!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Hit the deck!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,They hide behind a snow drift.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,What is it?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,It's him! The Mexican staring frog of Southern Sri Lanka. He's right over there on that rock.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,He is?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Dumb-ass! You've got to keep your eyes away from him!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The producer tries to sneak a peek, but Jimbo forces him down again."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Stay down. Ned, you take flight position; I'll try and keep it turned away from you."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Ned,Mm-roger that.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Ned leaves the drift, as Jimbo stands, facing the camera."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hello, fellow hunters. Have we got a show for you today."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned moves behind the cameraman and begins his assault.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,The Mexican staring frog is sunning itself on a rock directly behind us.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned jumps from behind one tree to behind another.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"We've got to take the frog by surprise. I'm gonna create a diversion using this incendiary device, while Ned will ambush him from the rear."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jimbo pulls the pin out and throws the grenade behind him. It hits the rock, but the plastic frog simply went about face."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Now, Ned! He's not looking!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned advances quickly.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Quick, Ned, hit him with the shotgun! Now, Ned!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Silence.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Ned. Ne-ed?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"He turns around and draws closer to the rock. He sees Ned, now catatonic, looking at the frog."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Oh, no!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Close-up. Ned's hair stands on end.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Come on, Ned, buddy, snap out of it!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Ned's gun drops from his good arm.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Come back to me, buddy."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,You getting all this?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The cameraman smiles and gives a thumbs up.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Hold onto your butts.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo fires away at the frog with his shotgun.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Take that, you demon frog!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo rushes up to Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Ned, Ned? Can you hear me?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,He turns to his crew.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Quick! Somebody, call an ambulance! This man is catatonic!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,Get the Flight for Life helicopter!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys rise out of the shrubs.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Holy crap, dude."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Hells Pass Hospital. Jimbo is at Ned's bedside reading to him.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"...""but Ponyboy was beat up pretty bad. He kept saying, 'stay gold.'"""
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo closes the book and watches Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Aw, Ned. If you can hear me, y-you've got to snap out of it, 'cause if you don't, uh-I'll never forgive myself."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The boys enter the room.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Aw, Stanley, he's gone! My only friend in the world is gone!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Dude, he's okay. That frog wasn't even real!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Look!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Kyle holds up the plastic frog, which puts Jimbo on guard."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Aghh! What the hell are you doing? I almost looked right at it!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Dude, it's just a plastic frog; it's not real. Check it out!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo drops his guard and inspects the frog.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,What..?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,We shot all those videos and sent them in.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Yeah, we made the whole thing up. It was all just a really, really funny joke! [Grins.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,You sent in those videos?!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"[On the phone.] Oh, this is not good."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"My best friend is a vegetable, and I'm gonna be the laughingstock of South Park!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,"Aw, come on. Ned's faking it. That frog was just a piece of plastic!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Yeah. Come on, Ned. Quit fakin'."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,No response from Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,You boys don't understand. Ned was so freaked out by the idea of the Mexican staring frog that he must have sent himself into a deep coma.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus' producer is suddenly at the doorway with a satellite listening device.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus' producer,It's a psychosomatic response. [Entering.] I couldn't help overhearing your conversation just now.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Who are you?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus' producer,"I produce a little TV show called Jesus and Pals, you might have heard of it. Your story is amazing; full of jealousy, duplicity, backstabbing and bitterness."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Uhhhh... Thanks?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus' producer,How would you like to share your remarkable story with us on tomorrow's show?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus and Pals, after a commercial break. Today's topic: Tots in Trouble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"We're back with Jimbo and his nephew, Stan. These kids can't stop lying, can't they?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"That's right, Jesus. No respect for their elders. As some of you may know, I host a local show on hunting."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A woman claps.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Thanks. We've been hunting the Mexican staring frog for a week based on some video footage we received from a viewer. Well, it turns out that these kids faked the footage!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Is that true, Stan?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,It was just a joke; we didn't think it would hurt anybody.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus looks over to see his producer signaling him to call for a break.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uhh, we'll find out more about this debauchery when we return."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cameraman,A-and we're out.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus walks off the stage, as the producer walks on."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,You're corpses out here! We need a lot more action from everybody!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Like what?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Like, go ahead and tell how your nephew Stan takes drugs and worships Satan."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Satan. Got it.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Whoa, I don't take drugs and worship Satan! That's lying!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Give you a taste of your own medicine, you little fibber!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,And you kids! I didn't bring you on this show to be boring. Somebody get pissed off and throw a chair at Ned here.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman raises his hand.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Dibs!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,"Remember, you all start to fight after the chair is thrown. That's your cue."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Roger.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The theme music plays again and the crowd applauds for the next segment. Action.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Welcome back to Jesus and Pals. Jimbo, why do you think little Stanley lies?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,I'll tell you why. Because he's on drugs and worships the devil!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience and Stan gasp.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Audience,Jeesus! Jeesus! Jeesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Wow. Now, Stanley, it sound like your uncle is really worried about you."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Well, I only..did it 'cause... he..molested me."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jesus' jaw drops. The audience boos, and the sound man and the director high-five each other."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Why, you little piece of crap!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,You big piece of crap!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,That's it! Now I'm all pissed off!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman takes his chair and throws it at Ned.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Take that, hippie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The chair hits Ned, who continues to just sit there."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Hey!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Audience,Jeesus! Jeesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo picks up his chair and throws it at Cartman. The chair hits a woman in the right side of her head in the audience and she gets up angry. She heads for the stage.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jesus tries to calm things down.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"O-okay, okay, that's enough."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Woman,"[Slugs Jimbo.] Take that, you asshole!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Jimbo falls. She jumps on him and strikes again.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Woman,What the fuck was that?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Uh, let's watch the language, people."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Bring it on, you bitch!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,She hits him again.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Ey, get off of him, you fuckin' nutsack!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Audience,Jeesus! Jeesus! Jeesus!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"A blond man pushes Jesus out of the way as he heads for the stage. The rest of the audience follow suit, and soon everyone is fighting."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Let's all just..make our way back to our seats.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kenny is being pulled apart by two men.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kenny,(Nononono-yikes!)
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A man in a green shirt hits Kenny in the face with a chair.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kenny is ripped in half.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man in green shirt pulling Kenny,"Yeah, yeah, yeh... [Gasps.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man in blue shirt pulling Kenny,"Yeah, yeah, yeh-oh?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man with chair hitting Kenny,"Oh, Oh! Aah! AAAAGGHH!!! [Gasps.] Ooh.. Ew [Shrieks.]"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Kenny begins crying.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kenny,"[Sobbing.] (OW! OW! DUDE, PLEASE STOP!! OH, FUCK! YIKES!!!!!)"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"The 3 men, Stan, & Kyle gasp in horror to see what happened."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Oh, my God! They've killed Kenny!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,You bastards!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Cartman comes flying across the stage.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Ey, you guys!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Two men just sitting in the audience start to fight for no reason.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Let's all just..make our way back to our seats.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Woman,"Oh, my God!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A man walks by with a chainsaw.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Shut the fuck up!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience members stop and gasp at him. Cartman was biting at the leg of a man onstage.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Jesus, what is wrong with you people?! Look around you, Stanley. Look at all the pain and suffering your lie has caused."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience members slowly return to their seats.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"W-we only did it because Jimbo lied to us first. We had this report on the Vietnam War for school, and we interviewed Jimbo about it and he made up all this stuff about Vietnam, and he got us in trouble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,A couple of rats come by and drag Kenny's upper half away.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Hey, now. Everything I told you boys about the war actually happened."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,Mr. Garrison said that there was no way that you could have defeated the entire Vietcong Army by yourself.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,The entire Vietcong Army?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"I uh... Well, okay, I might have embellished the truth a little, but that's different."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Is it?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Well, sure. I mean, eh... [Pinned.] Well, no uh, I guess not."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"And as for you, Stan uh, I think you need to kick your drug habit and--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"Wait a second, I don't take drugs! That was a lie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,Wait. Jimbo made that up?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"No, your producer did."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,This gets the producer's attention.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,She made Jimbo tell everybody that I did drugs.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,What?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"During the break. Your producer came over, and told Jimbo what to say about me. She told him to lie!"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"It's true, she did. Hu-I'm such a tool."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Oh, really?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The producer is now trying to hide behind a potted plant.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Yeah! Then she told us to throw a chair at Ned!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,"Yeah. I didn't wanna do it, Jesus. They made me do that."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Man in Brown Shirt,Screw this show. I thought this was all real.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,The audience members begin to leave.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"W-wait, everybody. Come back."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Michael Jackson fan,"[Pats Jesus on the shoulder.] Don't feel too bad, Montel. We all want to touch children sometimes; it's only natural."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"South Park Public Access, outside. Later..."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"I'm sorry, Stan. I was just trying to tell a good story. I never meant for you boys to get in trouble."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Stan,"W-we're sorry, too, Uncle Jimbo. We're sorry for making you look stupid in front of the whole world."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Yeah. And we're sorry for turning Ned into a vegetable.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,"Aw, he'll be fine. I'll just take him home and show him some good hard-core porn, he'll snap right out of it. Won't you, Ned?"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"Jimbo slaps him on the shoulder, and Ned falls like a statue. A door opens."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,I want to apologize to all of you for what happened in there. In our competition for ratings we lost sight of why we got into show business in the first place.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jimbo,Yeah. Titties and beer.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,"Actually, I was referring more to the pursuit of truth, but—Well, anyway, I can't wait to get back to my old show without all the glitz and the ratings and producers and--"
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Kyle,Wait a sec. Where is your producer?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Jesus,[Upset.] I sent her away.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Cartman,Sent her away where?
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,Hell. She enters Satan's lair with phone in hand. Pitchforks rise and begin poking her.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,What is this? What's happening?!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Satan,Welcome to my dominion.
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,[Retreating.] Oooooohhhh!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Saddam Hussein,"[Comes up behind Satan and stands next to him.] Hey. Take a load off. Put your feet up. Me and Satan were just aboot to go shopping for furniture. Come on, Satan."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Satan,"Okay, honey."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"They turn around and walk away, the camera enters her mouth as she screams."
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Producer,Noooooo!
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka,Scene Description,"End of The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka. War is hell My brother's a dirty mess In war, war is hell It's hell for you and me"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,A mountain pass. Ms. Crabtree is driving the kids somewhere going uphill. The kids are having a grand time running around and tossing paper airplanes. Cartman has an entire two-tiered chocolate cake in his lap.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,BE QUIET BACK THERRE! THESE ROADS ARE SLIICK!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Hey, Cartman!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Are you gonna share any of that cake with the rest of us?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Finishes a bite.] Hmmm, let me see. No!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Come on, fatass! You shouldn't be eating all that cake anyway!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Mmm. It's chocolaty and delightful.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Give us some, Cartman!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,[Turns around.] BE QUIET BACK THERRE!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Whoa, dude. The road is really snowy out there."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, the road is always snowy."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"I know, but, it's really snowy today."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Now baiting.] Mmm. I can't possibly finish this whole cake. Oh, yes I can. [Resumes eating.]"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Shut up, Cartman!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Ms. Crabtree slams on the brakes, opens a box, and pulls out a bunny."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Okay, that does it! Y'all be quiet or the cute little bunny dies!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"She now points a gun at its head. The class gasps and look at her for a while. Sure that she has made her point, she puts the bunny back in the box and resumes driving."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, she always tries to quiet us down by threatening to kill that bunny, but I wonder if she ever would."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Oh, she would, dude. She would."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The bus comes to a halt at a road block.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,GOODD!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The sign reads: Road Closed due to Avalanche. Detour at your own risk.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"OH, FOR CHRIST'S SAKE I DON'T BELIEVE THIS!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She starts up the bus and takes the detour.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Come on, fat boy, give us some cake now."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"[Exhausted.] I can not possibly eat one more bite of its chocolaty goodness. Oh, but but but, but I'll try."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Dammit, Cartman, you are such a fat fuck!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,[Spins around.] WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She turns back around just to see the bus head for a road shoulder where the road starts to turn.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Whoa oh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"She slams the brakes on, but the bus goes over the shoulder and tumbles down the side of the hill."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Hold oonn! Aaaaa!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The kids tumble all over the place and scream, but Cartman just munches away on the cake, quite undisturbed. The bus bounces on the bottom of the hill and lands on a river upright, floating on down."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,I'm scared!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"BE QUIET, KID!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The kids look back at where they were as the bus continues down the river - and over a waterfall, straight down."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),All,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Near the river, a guide is taking a couple bird-watching."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Guide,...Aand right up here you can see a red-bellied chickadee. They're indigenous to this area.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The guide walks forward. The husband takes a picture of the chickadee. In the background, the bus falls past them."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),The Kids,Aaaah!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wife,What was that?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Guide,[Turns.] What was what?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,At the foot of the waterfall. The bus plunges into the water and bobs up facing backwards.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),All,Aaaah-
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"It is carried further down until the river bends. Then the bus is washed up onto the river bank, on the other side of which is a cliff. The bus teeters on the precipice."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,All done!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman takes his seat, but leaves the cake tin on the floor. The rest of the kids moan and groan, and they are strewn all over the bus."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I SAID 'QUIET,' OR ELSE I KILL THE BUNNY!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The bunny and gun are out again, and the kids shut up."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Where are we?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,I have no idea.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,I don't think we're in a very safe spot.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Yeah, what are we supposed to do?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Just keep your trap shut. I'll consult the manual.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She reaches for it and leafs through until she gets to it. She tosses the book away and reaches for the videotape drawer.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Ms. Crabtree?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"SHUT UP, KIID! I HAVE TO WATCH A TRAINING VIDEO!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Trainer,"[The video starts.] Welcome to tape 7 of the bus driver's video guidebook. What to do if you become stranded. By now you've calmed down the children and kept order by using the 'keep quiet or I'll kill the bunny' technique. Now, it's time to get help. The most important thing to remember is that the children will be safe as long as they stay on the bus. So do not, under any circumstances, let any children off the bus. The best way to achieve this is to tell them something like, 'A big scary monster will eat you if you step off the bus.'"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"KIIDS, DO NOT GET OFF THIS BUS. IF YOU DO A BIG SCARY MONSTER WILL EAT YOU!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Trainer,"That's right. With the children properly subdued, you can leave the bus and go out looking for assistance. And remember your bus driver's code: 'Sit down. And shut up!'"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I'm goin' for help. Ah'll be back as soon as I can. Remember. Don't get off this bus, or a big scary monster WILL EAT YOU!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She gets off the bus and walks down the river bank. The bus teeters a bit.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,"Hey, why doesn't the scary monster eat her?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"'Cause, dombass, scary monsters don't eat big fat smelly bitches!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"I said, 'Larry King won't grant me three wishes.'"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Oh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Dude, this is not good! She could've at least kept the heat on."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,A roadside. Ms. Crabtree has found a vertical path leading down to the road and climbs down some large boulders.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"Had to happen to me, didn't it?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Reaches the curb and puts out a thumb.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Lookin' for love in all the wrong places Lookin' for love in too-
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The truck driver sees Ms. Crabtree, then lowers the mirror and sets his hair."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Whoa uhih, it's supper time. Come to poppa."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He stops his rig and lowers the passenger window.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Whoa uh heh hello, little lady-yeh. Goin' my way?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,SHUT UP AND HELP ME INTO THIS THIING!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Whoa. Hehum huh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,[Grunts.] Yeah! [Now seated.] COME ON! I HAVEN'T GOT ALL DAY!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Uh huh. Alright, sure, of course."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He checks out her legs and grins.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"TAKE ME TO THE NEAREST TOWN AND MAKE IT SNAPPY, YOU FREAK-ASS CRACKPOT!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Uuuh, yeh, yes ma'am. Righta right away, ma'am.}"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He starts up the truck.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"So uh... Uhwhat's a- fragile little doe like yourself doin' out on a, on a night like this?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"LOOK, MISTER, I GOT A BUSLOAD OF KIDS TRAPPED UP ON THAT PASS! I NEED A CRANE, HELICOPTERS, ALL THAT CRAP! HERE, LET ME HAVE SOME O' YOUR ASPIRIN!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,She takes a couple.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Uh uh- ma'am, those are actually roofies."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"ROOFIES, ASPIRIN, RIGHT NOW I DON'T GIVE A RAT'S ASS!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The driver is quite happy right now.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,HOW FAR TO THE NEAREST TOOWWN?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Mm-... mm-it's a ways.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Next day, and the bus is still there."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"You guys. What if Ms. Crabtree doesn't come back, and we're all trapped here forever."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kids,"[Gasp, then individually.] What? Huh?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"We couldn't get trapped here forever, Cartman. We'd die after a couple of days."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The others gasp.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Dude!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,What?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,I don't wanna die on this- bus with you assholes! [Panics.] You guys suck!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Would you just relax? We've been in a lot worse situations than this and come out of it just fine.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Worse than this?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Well sure. Don't you remember that time that the aliens kidnapped your little brother Ike? Now, that was scary."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Stan's Tale: from Cartman Gets An Anal Probe, but with a twist. The boys and Wendy, are in the forest waiting for the visitors, using Cartman, who is tied to a tree by his foot, as bait."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman tugs at his foot, testing the rope."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Oh, man, this sucks."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,How come the visitors aren't coming for him.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,I think we have to signal them somehow.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,[Farts fire.] Ow!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wendy,"Hey, he's like Rudolph."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Yeah. [Shouting] All you have to do is fart some more, Cartman! And the visitors are sure to come!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Really? Uh, I don't think I have to fart anymore tonight."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Sure you do!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Come on Cartman, fart!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,I don't wanna.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,[To Kyle and Wendy] He can't hold it in forever.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Fart, damn you!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"Okay, that's does it! Now listen! Why is it that everything today has involved things either going in or coming out of my ass?!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Cartman farts, and an anal probe comes out of his butt."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Whoa, look at that."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,It's completely immature!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The probe is starting to resemble a truck.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Hey, it's happening again."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The assembly is done, and a clerk stands ready to serve ice cream."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"It's a ice cream truck. Now do you believe this, Cartman?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,You guys can't scare me!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Cartman, there's an ice cream truck sticking out of your ass."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The mother ship and three daughter ships come down, and visitors appear. They walk over to the truck."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Hey, look. The aliens are getting ice cream."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Wow! I guess everything's going to be okay.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,He walks over to Wendy and kisses her good.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Wendy,Mmmm.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Back to the bus.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Now, that was what I call a sticky situation."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids laugh.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,You can say that again.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,Was that how it happened?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,In the Trucker's Cab.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"STOOPP! LET ME OFF, YOU TURD!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Hey. Uh I wanna help you. Uh, I care a lot about that bus full of uuh- what was it again?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,Children.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"Yeah right. Leh, let me come with you."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,They get out of the truck and head over to Pauly Shore's Funny Pit.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHO- WHAT THE HELL IS THIS CRAAP?!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"[On stage.] I hate flyin'. Talk about somethin' I hate, it's flyin'."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,"[Nudging Ms. Crabtree.] Say uuhh, are those roofies kickin' in yet?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"WELL, I DON'T THINK SO!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Truck Driver,Damn!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,D'you guys like impressions?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Patron,No!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,Here's my impression of Robert De Niro.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"Carrot Ass turns around, makes adjustments, and turns again."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"Hey, youse. Youse guys. Shut up, youse!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,YOU SUUCK!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The audience roars with laughter.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"Youse guys, shut up!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,More laughter.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Carrot Ass,"[As Barney, the dinosaur.] Come on, lady. Iii love you. You love me."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,"I SAAIID, SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,More laughter. A man falls down from laughing so hard. Carrot Ass pees in his pants and walks off stage. A talent scout walks up to Ms. Crabtree.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,"Baby, you're wonderful! You're a natural! You're the funniest comic I've seen in yeauhs!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Ms. Crabtree,WHY DON'T YOU JUST SHUT THE HELL UP. I'VE GOT TO GET SOME ASSISTANCE FOR MY BROKEN-DOWN BUUSS!!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Talent Scout,Broken-down bus! That's great! Great angle!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Night time at the precipice.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Do you see 'er dude?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,Nope.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Cartman,"God-dammit, how long is this goin' to take?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,She's never coming back. Don't you get it? She left us here to die like pigs.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Calm down, dude. You're upsetting Kenny."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kenny,[Miffed at Kyle.] (Huh?)
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,I can't take it anymore! I have to get out of here! [He begins to hyperventilate.]
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"No, kid! You heard what Ms. Crabtree said: there's a big black scary monster out there!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,"Ehah! Well, I'm not gonna sit here and wait to die with the rest of you! If I can make it back, ah-I'll send help."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Don't do it, kid."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kid in the red shirt kid hops off the bus and the rest of the class goes over to the left side of the bus to see him off.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,Hmm. Maybe Ms. Crabtree did make up that stuff about the big black monster.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The boy turns around and smiles. The bushes behind him rustle. The kids look stunned as the monster comes out of the trees and snatches him up.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Boy In The Red Shirt,Nooooo-agh!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The monster picks him up and swallows him whole.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Kyle,"Holy crap, dude!"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"The monster turns and scurries away. The precipice is quiet for a while before the boy's skeleton is tossed back. It lands on one of the bus windows and slowly slides down, leaving some blood. The kids jump back and run around confused."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Bebe,Gross!
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,The kids take their seats.
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Stan,"Well, I guess nobody else will be getting off the bus."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,"South Park, the next day. Liane Cartman prepares some Cookie Dings dough for baking, and the phone rings, and she answers it."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,Hello?
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,"Oh, hello, Ms. Cartman. It's Sharon, Stan's mother."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"Oh yes, Sharon. How are you?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Sharon,"Ms. Cartman, is your son at home?"
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Liane,"Hu-old on, dear, let me check."
City on the Edge of Forever (Flashbacks),Scene Description,Liane lowers the phone.
