It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Do you really think anything's gonna be any different now?! [moves from one end of the sofa to the other] Do you really think that this will have the tiniest, smallest effect on the world? [moves towards the front door] It's still the same old world out there. Look. [opens the door to find frogs raining down on the neighborhood. The other boys soon join him] What the hell?"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Whoa, dude, it's raining frogs."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Oh, whatever. [steps back inside]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Channel 4 News
It Hits the Fan,Anchor Tom,"Last night, the daring and bold show, Cop Drama [title screen pops up], broke new ground by saying ""Shit!"" on television, making ""shit"" officially okay to say around the country. [poll picture pops up, and is filled in as the announcer continues] A recent poll shows that 24% of Americans think the show has pushed the envelope too far, while a whopping 76% say they don't really give a shit. [A Medical Alert pops up] In other news, a strange virus which causes victims to vomit up their intestines is making life shitty for a small farming community. [a field reporter stands before an ambulance and a barn] Rick Watts has the story."
It Hits the Fan,Rick Watts,"Thanks, Tom. Shit is certainly going down here in the small town- [begins to vomit strenuously, then falls over dead]"
It Hits the Fan,Tom,"Whoa, shit!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school bell rings"
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"Alright, children, in lieu of the common usage, I'm s'posed to clarify the school's position on the word, ""shit""."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Wow! We can say ""shit"" in school now?!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,This is ridiculous! Just because they say it on TV it's alright.
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"Yes, but only in the figurative noun form or the adjective form."
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,[quizzically] Huh?
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"You can only use it in the non-literal sense. For instance, [turns and writes on the board] ""That's a shitty picture of me."" is now fine. Hoever, the literal noun form of [writes] ""This is a picture of shit."" is still naughty. [crosses out the sentence]"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,I don't get it.
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Me neither.
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"The adjective form is now also acceptable. For example: [writes] ""The weather outside is shitty."" However, the literal adjective is not appropriate. For example: [writes] ""My bad diarrhea made the inside of the toilet bowl shitty, and I had to clean it with a rag, which then also became shitty."" [crosses it out] That's right out!"
It Hits the Fan,Timmy,Sss...sss...[draws it out] shit. [grins]
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"Very good, Timmy."
It Hits the Fan,Butters,"[raises his hand] Uh, Ms. Choksondik, eh, can we say it in the expletive? Like, ""Oh, shit,"" or, ""shit on a shingle""?"
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"Yes, that's now fine."
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Wow, this is gonna be great! A whole new word!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"[angrily] It's not new!! I'm gonna look ""shit"" up in the encyclopedia and prove it!!"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Don't mind Kyle, everyone, he's just got a little sand in his vagina."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,There's no sand in my vagina!!!
It Hits the Fan,Ms. Choksondik,"[pointing] Boys, watch your language! Shit!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Kindergarten, day"
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"And so, children, instead of saying ""Hand in your papers,"" I may now say, ""Hand in your shit."" Any questions?"
It Hits the Fan,Filmore,"What about, ""I have to take a shit""?"
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"No! No, Filmore! You can say ""I have to poop and shit,"" or ""Oh, shit, I have to poop,"" but not ""I have to shit."" Are we all clear?"
It Hits the Fan,Kindergartners,No.
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Look, it's all about context. Well, for example, recently, I have come out and admitted that I was a homosexual. I'm gay. That means that now I can say the word, ""fag"". On television they usually don't allow ""fag"". But because I'm gay, it's alright. And with the new approval of the word, ""shit,"" that means that finally I am free to say, Hey, there, shitty shitty fag fag, Shitty shitty fag fag, how do you do? Hey, there, shitty shitty fag fag, Shitty shitty fag fag, how do you do? [pleased] Oh this is great!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, some days later. The town has taken to using the S word, with Shit-themed stores and products all over the place. People proudly sport the word on their shirts. An elderly couple walks out of Shit 'n Things and stop just outside the door"
It Hits the Fan,Elderly Woman,Why that store has such lovely shit.
It Hits the Fan,Elderly Man,Yeah. [they walk forth] Too bad I don't have shit for cash right now. [camera pans to the right and shows Principal Victoria and Mr. Mackey.]
It Hits the Fan,Principal Victoria,"Oh, looks like the weather might turn shitty."
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, I don't really give a shit. I've done enough shit outside today and shit."
It Hits the Fan,Man,"Shit, Peter, you look like shit."
It Hits the Fan,Peter,"No, shit, I feel like shit. I think I-[begins to vomit strenuously, then falls over dead as people gather to see what's the matter]"
It Hits the Fan,Woman 1,Holy shit!
It Hits the Fan,Woman 2,Did you see that shit? [Officer Barbrady arrives]
It Hits the Fan,Barbrady,What kind of shit is this?
It Hits the Fan,Man 1,That is some weird shit. [camera pans up into the sky. Voice-overs from here on]
It Hits the Fan,Woman 3,"Susan, your shit's ready!"
It Hits the Fan,Man 2,Do you know where this shit goes? [cut to a shot of the U.S. with Colorado highlighted. Smoke pours up from cities everywhere]
It Hits the Fan,Man 3,Shit if I know.
It Hits the Fan,Woman 4,"Nice going, shit-for-brains."
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,a high mountain is shown
It Hits the Fan,Man 4,"Old McDonald took a shit, E I E I O"
It Hits the Fan,Man 5,No shit!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"seven knights are shown encased in ice. The smoke reaches them and thaws them out. Music swells. They step forth and walk to the edge of a cliff, looking out over all those towns and cities spewing forth the filthy word. They draw their swords and raise them high, and lightning strikes each of the swords"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, another day. Mr. Garrisn is walking down the street, singing."
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, there, shitty shitty fag fag,Shitty shitty fag fag, how do you do?Hey, there,-"
It Hits the Fan,Man 6,"[bumps into Garrison] Oh, shit, 'scuse me. [walks away]"
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, watch it, fag."
It Hits the Fan,Man 6,[stops and backs up] What did you call me?
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"I called you a fag. Because I'm gay, and that means I'm free to use the word ""fag"". So piss off, you fag-shitter! [laughs and walks away]Heh, so hey there, shity shitty fag fagShitty shitty fag fag, ba doop a doop doo [walks past Stan and Cartman. Cartman is sucking on a Popsicle]"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"This sucks. Now that ""shit""'s out, it isn't fun to say it anymore."
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Yeah, they've taken all the fun out of ""shit"". We're gonna have to start saying other bad words, like cock and fuck and... meecrob. [licks his Popsicle]"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,What's meecrob?
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"You know, that stuff you get as an appetizer at Thai food restaurants. Meecrob, dude, is way grosser than ""shit"", dude. I'd scarf down a whole wet bucket full of shit before I ate another plate of meecrob. [Kyle rushes in with Kenny behind him]"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"You guys! You guys! I've looked up the word, ""shit""! I think it might have something to do with people dying!"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,What?
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Haven't you noticed everyone getting sick? It all started when they said ""shit"" on television."
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"[dismissive] Oh, Kyle, you are so full of meecrob."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"I am not full of meecro- what? Look, the word ""shit"" first showed up in English in the 1340s, the same time as something called, ""The Black Death""."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,What's that?
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Kyle, do you still have sand in your vagina about us not going to The Lion King with you?! I mean, shit, dude, let it go."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Look! It might be a coincidence, but I think we'd better ask someone. Come on! [They walk past Shit Shack, and one of the knights steps out of the store as they leave. He sniffs a teal shirt with the word ""shit"" in his right hand.]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Hollywood, day, the HBC building. The network president talks to his staff in a boardroom. They're all smiling"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"...Seventy-five share. My God, I never thought it was possible."
It Hits the Fan,Director 1,"[brown hair and tie] Sir, your ""shit"" idea has turned the entire network around. We're proud to work for you. [all clap]"
It Hits the Fan,Director 2,"[a blond] Sir, I'd just like to take this opportunity: And, I'm sure I speak for all of us when I say, you are the most creative genius in Hollywood, and... well... I'd let you have me if you wanted."
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Thanks, Roger, but I've only just started. You see, I've already figured out our new marketing scheme technique for the next run of shows."
It Hits the Fan,Director 3,Whoa!
It Hits the Fan,Director 4,He's unstoppable!
It Hits the Fan,Director 1,What's the new idea?
It Hits the Fan,Director 3,I can hardly wait.
It Hits the Fan,Director 5,I'm about to piss myself!
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"[dramatic. Music swells] This Saturday... on HBC... we're going to say... [music stops] ""shit"" ...twice."
It Hits the Fan,Director 3,[pauses] Twice!
It Hits the Fan,Director 4,Brilliant!
It Hits the Fan,Director 6,Think of the repetition!
It Hits the Fan,Director 3,It's like saying it once... but double!
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Well gentlemen, let's get on it!"
It Hits the Fan,All,Ho! [they raise their arms up in salute]
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Chef is singing away in the kitchen, serving up lunch for the kids."
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Baby you are so fine, and shit!The shit you do, the shit you say; I'd jump on your shit any day![the boys walk in] Oh, hello there, children."
It Hits the Fan,The Boys,Hey Chef.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Chef, do you know where ""shit"" comes from?"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Uh, from your ass, children."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"[holds his left palm out] No no! The word, ""shit""."
It Hits the Fan,Chef,Oh.
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"[points to Kyle] Detective Sandy Vagina here [Kyle looks angrily at Cartman] thinks that ""shit"" might have something to do with everyone getting sick."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Ungh, it said in my book that the word, ""shit"", started exactly the same time as something called, ""The Black Death""."
It Hits the Fan,Chef,The Black Death? Are you sure?
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"What's the Black Death, Chef?"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"LaToya Jackson, children."
It Hits the Fan,The Boys,Oh.
It Hits the Fan,Chef,But I think back in those days it meant something else: the plague!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"The Library, later. Chef reads from a large book on a large table on the ground floor. To his left sit Stan and Kenny, to his right Kyle and Cartman"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"It says here the word, ""shit"" has been around for over 600 years. It comes from the Anglo-Saxon word, ""skite""."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Right. But in the 1340s people in England stopped calling it ""skite"" and started calling it ""shit."" The same year as the Black Plague."
It Hits the Fan,Librarian,"[walks up with a cart of books] This is the oldest book in the library. [stops and holds up the book] A priceless original of England's history. Just about everything you could want to know about the plague is in this great tome. [blows the dust off the book, and the book disappears in the dust] Oh, shit. Well, this other book has some good information, too. [hands Chef the book and Chef cracks it open. Music starts]"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,The Black Plague. Over half of Europe was killed by it.
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Look, they're puking out their intestines, just like the people here. [points]"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Look at this, children. [the boys look closer] It says that the people in England believed that the plague was a curse, a dark magic infliction brought on by a mass utterance of a word of curse."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Word of curse?
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,A... curse word.
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Of course! I've never even thought about why we use the term ""curse word"" before."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Because it brings a curse? Like the Black Death.
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"You guys, look here. [the others move over to see] In this Nancy Drew mystery, Nancy goes to the beach and gets sand trapped in her shoe. This could explain how Kyle got it in his vagina."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Cartman, this is serious!!!"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"So am I, Kyle. If that sand in your vagina doesn't get released, you could become a walking time bomb. [laughs]"
It Hits the Fan,Librarian,"[returns] If you don't mind, I'll have to close up now. They're going to say ""shit"" seven times on HBC and I- [begins to vomit strenuously, then falls over dead]"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Holy shit!
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Oh-Ho, gross!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Dude, this plague is spreading like wildfire! [Kenny goes under the weather and coughs. The others look]"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Uh oh.
It Hits the Fan,Kenny,(Uh oh.)
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,Kenny's got it. heh heh.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"We've gotta do something, Chef. If we don't we don't stop that network, [the lead knight looks into the library from the bushes] ""shit"" will become an even more acceptable word!"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Children, we've got to warn those producers in Hollywood that the plague, and ""shit"", could be linked!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"An airplane, day. Chef and the boys are headed for Hollywood"
It Hits the Fan,Captain,"Hello, ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. If you look out the right side of the aircraft you can see some interesting shit. [all look right, except Chef and Kenny] And over on the left side, there's some interesting shit, too. [all look left, except Chef and Kenny] Well, we should be arriving in Los Angeles in about two hours. Until then we invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy our shitty service. [Kenny coughs at Cartman]"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"[brushes himself off] Goddamn it, Kenny! Don't get your plague germs on me!"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"Cartman, stop being an asshole! [camera pans left to the lead knight sitting between two men, reading from THE WORLD NEWS. The knight lowers the paper and looks over at the boys, then sips from his coffee cup]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"HBC headquarters, Hollywood, day, boardroom."
It Hits the Fan,Director 5,"The ratings are in, sir. We broke another record last night with the show that said ""shit"" seven times! [applause]"
It Hits the Fan,Director 1,"Where is the roof on this thing? I mean, I mean, how can we top ourselves now? [the president walks behind him en route to the head of the table, then sits down]"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Gentlemen, I have it. The end-all greatest marketing ploy of all time. [applause] Tonight, on HBC, we will air all our sitcoms... LIVE. And have everyone say ""shit"" in place of their written lines. And we'll call it ""Must Shit TV""."
It Hits the Fan,Director 1,Bravo!
It Hits the Fan,Director 2,"""Night Of A Million Shits!"""
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Now, doing this live will be difficult, so we must- [Chef and the boys burst through the doors]"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Hold on a minute, Mr. Producer!"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,Who are you?
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"My name is Chef, and these are the children! We've come to warn you about ""shit""."
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"[wearily] Oh brother, another Christian protest group."
It Hits the Fan,Director 1,Who wants to take this one?
It Hits the Fan,Director 2,"I'll get it. [rises and walks over to the guests, with a box of complimentary gifts] Gentlemen, we appreciate your concern. [starts speaking quickly as he hands out beanie turtles, caps, American flags, and T-shirts. Kenny's eyes are bloodshot now] Here at HBC the general goal is providing the highest and most thought-provoking netertainment. How great it is that we live in a country where an artist can express himself freely. That's not only the American spirit, it's the HBC spirit. Which allows us to make great family programs like Halo The Turtle, and of course, everyone's favorite show, Cop Drama. We can't thank you enough for bringing your concerns to our network, for it is you, the loyal HBC viewer, who makes this great network, and indeed, the great country that it is. [finishes his speech with some confetti, then returns to his chair]"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Alright, now, as I was saying-"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,Hey! Hold on a minute!
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Aw, are they still here?"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,Haven't you people noticed all the strange things going on?
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"We think that you might have could it by helping make ""shit"" an everyday word. [the executives just stare back at him]"
It Hits the Fan,Director 4,"Hm, right, right."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"It's true. We think that word might be plaguing our friend, Kenny."
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,Do you have any proof of this?
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,...No.
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,Then [rises] get out of here before we have you thrown out!
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"But... we can keep the Halo the Turtle dolls, right?"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"HBC headquarters, Hollywood, day, outside. Chef and the boys exit the building."
It Hits the Fan,Chef,[defiant] Damn cracker-ass producers!
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Now what are we gonna do, Chef?"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"I don't know, children. I guess we've got to get the word out to people some other way."
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"[arrives, and brandishes his sword] Aaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Oh shit!
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"Stand aside! [the boys make way for him, and he rushes into the building]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"HBC headquarters, Hollywood, day, boardroom."
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Alright, now, we have to get all our biggest names to say ""shit"", and then we're gonna- [the knight bursts into the room]"
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,Halt your evil plans!
It Hits the Fan,Executives,Huh?
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,I possess the Rune Stone of Undoing! Who is in charge here? [all the directors point to the president]
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Oh... [buries his face in his hands, believing his staff did something special for him] No, you guys didn't hire me a stripper for my birthday- oh, tell me you guys didn't."
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"Show your true form, Geldon, lest you be afraid! Your short time in this world is at an end! [aims the Rune Stone at the president, but nothing happens. The directors just look at him.] Ach. The Rune Stone has no effect! You are not Geldon!"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,I never said I was.
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"[wields his sword and rushes towards the president] You will die anyway, for you have spread the word of curse! [decapitates a director]"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,Security! [two officers come in with guns drawn and fire away at the knight]
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"Ach! [the gunfire forces him out a window, and he falls to the ground five floors below] oh."
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"HBC headquarters, Hollywood, day, outside. Chef and the boys approach the fallen knight."
It Hits the Fan,Chef,Who are you?
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"Take this. [reaches out, and gives Stan the stone.]"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,What are we supposed to do with it?
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,Eeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. [expires]
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,Now what?
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"We've got to find people who would know what the hell this is all about. Children, we're goin' to have to go to the land of castles, knights, and kings!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Las Vegas, sunset, a view of the Strip, showing many of the attractions that can be found there."
It Hits the Fan,Announcer,"[as Chef and the boys take a people-mover in] Lords and Ladies, we bid you welcome to the grandest casino in the land, Excalibur! [a shot of the casino inside, with craps table, one-armed bandits, etc.]"
It Hits the Fan,Barker,Take a free spin. Double your odds. [Chef and the boys approach]
It Hits the Fan,Chef,'Scuse me. Do you work here?
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"How can I help you, noble sir?"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,We need some help identifying an ancient English stone.
It Hits the Fan,Barker,A what?
It Hits the Fan,Stan,It might hold the key to a curse.
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"Uh... I can help get you some credit or a comp meal, perhaps."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Dude, we need help from the British!"
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"Look kid, This is just a casino. I can't help you. You know, not every British person knows about wizards [begins chuckling] and dragons and curses."
It Hits the Fan,Chef,We just need help identifying this. [holds up the stone]
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"[suddenly concerned, with hushed tones] The Rune Stome of Gaelic! Where did you get this?"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,You know what it is?
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"The Skire once spoke of such a stone! Come, we must see the sorcerer! [leads Chef and the boys off]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, bar, night. The men are gathered there once again"
It Hits the Fan,Announcer,"Get ready for ""Must Shit TV""! Starting now, four straight hours of pure shit! It's all live!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"On the set of the Drew Carey show. Drew and Mimi are onstage, with Drew sitting at his desk"
It Hits the Fan,Drew,"Hey! Heh, shit! Heh. [studio audience laughs] Ya ain't shit."
It Hits the Fan,Mimi,"Yeah. Dude, ya ain't shit! [more laughs]"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,This is it. My greatest work.
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Excalibur, inside. The barker leads Chef and the boys down a hall and run into a waitress dressed as a damsel"
It Hits the Fan,Waitress,Cocktails. Cocktails.
It Hits the Fan,Barker,These Americans wish to see the Skire!
It Hits the Fan,Waitress,Let us make haste to the inner sanctum!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Excalibur, the hallway to the Inner Sanctum. The barker and waitress lead Chef and the boys through"
It Hits the Fan,Barker,How could you foolish Americans bring the wrath of scorn by mass-chanting the word of wretchedness?!
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Uh, yeah. We didn't mean to."
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"Didn't you realize ""shit"" is a curse word?!"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Well, yeah, but I don't think that we knew ""curse word"" meant... curse word."
It Hits the Fan,Barker,"Ha! Leave it to Americans to think that ""no"" means yes, ""pissed"" means angry, and ""curse word"" means something other than a word that's cursed!!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,The Inner Sanctum. The group enters and walks towards the sorcerer
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,Let me see the stone. [takes it and walks off to his right]
It Hits the Fan,Chef,But I don't get it. People use curse words all the time.
It Hits the Fan,Barker,Saying a word of curse once in a while does nothing. It's only when spoken repeatedly and en masse that the curse takes place.
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,[now seated at a table with a book of runes open] I've seen this before. Stones that were used by the Knights of Standards and Practices.
It Hits the Fan,Chef,Knights of Standards and Practices?
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,A legion of men sworn to do whatever necessary to keep the words at bay. But... they were just a myth.
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, bar, night. The men watch the Drew Carey Show"
It Hits the Fan,Mimi,You know what? You're dumb as shit!
It Hits the Fan,Drew,"Oh yeah?! Well, I don't really give a shit!"
It Hits the Fan,Randy,"Ya know, that word's kind of getting old. It's not really... funny anymore."
It Hits the Fan,Man 7,"Yeah, they're gonna have to come up with a new swear word soon."
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Well, they can't use ""fag"". Because you can't say ""fag"" unless you're a homosexual."
It Hits the Fan,Randy,Really? So we can't say ***?
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"No. See, you got beeped."
It Hits the Fan,Man 7,You mean you have to be a *** to say ***?
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,That's right.
It Hits the Fan,Jimbo,"Well, that's not fair! I should be able to say ""fag"". [realizes he wasn't beeped]"
It Hits the Fan,Randy,"...Hey, you didn't get beeped."
It Hits the Fan,Jimbo,Uh oh.
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Well, well, well! Guess we learned something new about you, Jimbo, you freakin' fag! You wanna make out or something?"
It Hits the Fan,Drew,"[shown] Oh, man, I am up shit creek."
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,On the set of the Drew Carey show. The door to stage C opens and in gallop the knights with swords drawn
It Hits the Fan,Mimi,"Serves you right, shit-for-brains!"
It Hits the Fan,Drew,"Yeah, how could I be such a dumb sh-"
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,Say not the word of curse! [throws his sword at Drew. The sword enters through Drew's mouth and out the left side of his head. The handle forces him off his chair and onto a cubicle wall]
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,What the?
It Hits the Fan,Mimi,[rushing in] Holy shit! [another knight chops Mimi's head off from behind]
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, bar, night. The men watch the Drew Carey Show"
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,"Oh boy, this show is really reaching for plot now!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Excalibur, the Inner Sanctum. The Sorcerer continues with the mythology of the knights."
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,"The knights were formed to keep curse words to a minimum. Should a curse word ever be let out, they would return. A rune for each word of curse was made, representing each of the eight words that so offended God..."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"Look, there's the F-word."
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,And asshole.
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,I knew it! Meecrob! [the word is shown in close-up] Meecrob is a curse word! God must hate it as much as I do!
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,"Look at this: The writing here claims this stone can defeat the evil Geldon [the page he reads from show a dragon], who will rise when the word of curse has been said enough times to give him power. Then all the world will be destroyed."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,All the world destroyed?
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"My house, too?"
It Hits the Fan,Chef,Oh no!
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,What?
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"Tonight is the ""Night of a Million Shits"" on HBC! It's gonna be said over and over!"
It Hits the Fan,Sorcerer,Then we haven't much time. We must go!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,On the set of the Drew Carey show. The blond knight approaches the cameraman
It Hits the Fan,Blond Knight,Turn off those devices of broadcast!
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,What is going on here?! Stop this shit!
It Hits the Fan,Blond Knight,We are the Royal Order of Standards and Practices! [a bald knight joins him]
It Hits the Fan,Bald Knight,We command you to stop saying the curse word!
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"Listen, Mr. Shinypants, I am the head of this network, and I will say ""shit"" all I want! Shit, shit, shit shit shit, shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit, [gasp. A rumble is heard], shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit! [stops. The rumble gets very loud and the ground begins to heave, as if an earthquake is occuring. The ground splits open and the Geldon rises from it. The audience screams as the Geldon breathes real fire out at them.]Oh, shit!"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, bar, night. The TV screen is show, with the HBC logo."
It Hits the Fan,Announcer,"And now, back to Must Shit TV, here on HBC."
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,On the set of the Drew Carey show. The terror continues - the knights fight the geldon valiantly.
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,He is too strong! We cannot fight him without the rune stone!
It Hits the Fan,Director 1,"My, my GOD, sir! What have you unleashed upon the world?!"
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,I didn't know. [begins to weep into his hands] I didn't know!!!
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, bar, night. The men watch in increasing disbelief"
It Hits the Fan,Randy,"I, I can't follow this shitty storyline at all."
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"On the set of the Drew Carey show. The terror continues, but Chef and the boys arrive"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,Wait! [the Geldon lets loose another blast of fire]
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"[as the Geldon sets more fires] Oh boy, that thing has really got sand in it's vagina! [one knight's horse's tail is on fire.]"
It Hits the Fan,Lead Knight,"The rune stone! Point it towards Geldon! [Kyle does as ordered, and a flash of light emanates from the rune stone, stunning the Geldon]"
It Hits the Fan,Geldon,"Agh. Dude, lame. Lame! [the ground opens up again and the Geldon drops down into the hole] Bummer, dudes. [the ground closes up again]"
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,What a stupid voice.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,It's okay. The curse has been lifted. [the audience falls silent. Kyle and Stan are on stage.]
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Yeah. We all gotta make sure it doesn't come back.
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"You see, we've learned something today. Swearing can be fun, but doing it all the time causes a lot of problems."
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"Cut to Kyle's home, where he's on TV"
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,We're all saying the S-word too much! [Ike hops in]
It Hits the Fan,Ike,Kyle.
It Hits the Fan,Sheila,"[on the sofa with Gerald] Look, Gerald. Kyle's on television! [she's sewing as he reads the paper]"
It Hits the Fan,Gerald,[doesn't look up] Uh huh.
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,Cut to the old folks' home
It Hits the Fan,Kyle,"The knights of Standards and Practices were created to make sure that bad words were kept to a minimum. ""Curse words"" They're called that because they are a curse. We have to go back to only using curse words in rare, extreme circumstances."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,"And besides, too much use of a dirty word takes away from its... impact. We believe in free speech and all that, but... keeping a few words taboo just adds to the fun of English."
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"[camera cuts to him] So please, everyone, From now on you've got to try and watch your language. [murmurs and a smattering of applause come from the audience.]"
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,"South Park, bar, night. The men think over the boys' message"
It Hits the Fan,The men,[one by one] Yeah.
It Hits the Fan,Randy,That makes sense.
It Hits the Fan,Colleague 1,Ain't that right?
It Hits the Fan,Mr. Garrison,Is this still part of the show?
It Hits the Fan,Scene Description,On the set of the Drew Carey show. The place is calm now.
It Hits the Fan,HBC President,"We're sorry, noble knights of Standards and Practices. [the knights and the executives approach each other] From now on, we will obey your laws."
It Hits the Fan,Blond Knight,See that you do!
It Hits the Fan,Chef,"I'm very proud of you, children. Let's all go home and find a nice white woman to make love to."
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Yeah! And Kenny didn't die!
It Hits the Fan,Kenny,"(Yeah, I didn't- [he kneels over, his intestines pouring out over the sound stage]"
It Hits the Fan,Stan,Holy shi- [quickly taps his mouth with his hands and releases] poop.
It Hits the Fan,Cartman,"Hah, I love you guys."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"South park, night. Randy is driving the boys, including Timmy on the truck bed, through the town. Stuart is with them, but Kyle is not. The boys are in Scout gear."
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Well, you boys must be pretty excited: Your first night of Scouts."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"It's gonna suck. There's gonna be like, new kids there we don't know."
Cripple Fight,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Cripple Fight,Stuart,"Well, now, that's part of the fun."
Cripple Fight,Randy,Yeah. Both Kenny's dad and I were in Scouts for years.
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Was your dad in Scouts, Cartman? Oh yeah, you don't have a dad. [all but Cartman laugh]"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,That's not funny! Jesus Christ!
Cripple Fight,Stan,"[calling to the back] Are you excited for your first night of Scouts, Timmy??"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Hyeah Timmay!
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Yeah, he's excited."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, night, outside shot, then inside shot. The doors open and the group walks in. A shot of the many kids inside, then back to the doors. Butters walks up."
Cripple Fight,Butters,"Hey, fellas!"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"[flatly] Hey, Butters."
Cripple Fight,Butters,"Boy, am I glad to see you guys! There's lots of kids here from other schools, and I don't know anybody."
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Alright, boys, we're gonna head to the bar. We'll be back to pick you up at nine."
Cripple Fight,Stuart,You boys just make sure to obey the scout leader now. He's the man in charge.
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,[suddenly steps in] Hello scouts!
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Hey, it's Big Gay Al!"
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Hello, Stanley. I was happy to see you and your little friends' names on the list!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmay!
Cripple Fight,Randy,You're the new scout leader?
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"[walks around the boys and stops behind the dads, hugging them] I just got transferred in. [lets go of the dads and moves further into the room] I think everyone's here now, so we can get started. [stops] Come on, Scouts. We've got work to do! [moves again]"
Cripple Fight,Boys,"Hooray! [they start moving, too]"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"See ya, Dad!"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Community Center gymnasium. Three tables are set for the scouts to sit at. Big Gay Al walks up to his chair at the center table. Stan, Cartman, Kenny, and Timmy find empty spots on the outside of the table to the left. A small banner hangs from the center table: TROOP 69"
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Hey, are you parents gonna stand there all night? This meeting is for scouts only, you silly gooses. [Randy and Stuart look on a bit longer, then turn around and walk out. Close-up on the table reveals four older scouts, two on either side of Big Gay Al] Now, before we get started, scouts, I want to introduce you to someone very special here tonight. He's a brave little boy with disabilities who proves just by being here that Scouts are for everyone!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[happily] Timmay!
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,So let's all give a big round of applause to little... Jimmy! [points to his right. Jimmy walks up using his crutches.]
Cripple Fight,Jimmy Valmer,Well hello everyone. [applause]
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Ji- Jimmay?
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"The bar, nearby. There's some argument going on inside"
Cripple Fight,Stuart,"Look! I'm not saying the new scout leader's a bad person, I just don't think he should be a scout leader!"
Cripple Fight,Randy,He got to where he is by being a good scout; maybe we should just leave him alone.
Cripple Fight,Stephen,Well how gay is he?
Cripple Fight,Stuart,"He's really, really gay."
Cripple Fight,Token's father,"Well then, I don't want my boy there, either. [more argument ensues]"
Cripple Fight,Randy,So he's a homosexual. So what?
Cripple Fight,Stuart,"I have nothing against homosexuals either, Randy, but the big camping trip is next week! Are you sayin' you're fine with this guy campin' overnight, alone, with our boys??"
Cripple Fight,Skeeter,"You know, boys emulate authority figures. Even if it doesn't turn them gay, they could end up all talk and all fem' and prancin' around like girls. [more argument]"
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Aw, that's ridiculous."
Cripple Fight,Priest Maxi,"[walks in] People, people, please! You're forgetting that homosexuality is a choice! As many of you know, I, myself, went through a... homosexual... phase. But the light of Christ showed me how to change. Just give me two hours with this man, and I can convert him back."
Cripple Fight,Man,"[voice only] That's what you said about Peterson, and then you ended up having sex with him!"
Cripple Fight,Man 2,[voice only] That's right.
Cripple Fight,Man 3,[voice only] You did.
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,Community Center gymnasium. The Scouts are well into their first activities
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"And so that's how to make banana-nut muffins. And now, as a very special treat, our very special friend Jimmy is going to do what he loves most: Motivational standup comedy. [Jimmy walks into view] Let's give him a big hand. [applause]"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Wow, what a great audience. [applause dies down] Well, just in case you were wondering, I do have a disability. I am totally happy with the way I was born, very much. I travel to different states and talk to kids about being proud of what they are. My mom says that God has a p-plan for everyone. I guess I was plan B. [the other kids laugh] You guys like im- personations? [applause]"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[displeased] Timmy.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"How about Jimmy Stewart? ""Merry Christmas, movie house."" And John Travolta. ""Oh my God, Mr. Kotter! Mr. Kotter, oh, oh my God, Mr. Kotter!"""
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Jimmy's funny, dude."
Cripple Fight,Butters,"Yeah, well, he's the coolest kid with disabilities in the world!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[gets angry and crosses his arms] Hmph! [the doors open and in walk Randy and Stuart]
Cripple Fight,Stuart,"Uh, Kenny, it's nine o'clock."
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Come on, Stanley."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Oops, guess we're out of time, kids. Now remember, tomorrow you all have bake sales in your respective neighborhoods to raise money. We'll meet back here next Tuesday, and see who raised the most. Good luck."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Hey, I have a great idea! Why don't we see if Jimmy wants to come be in our Scout club?"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Hey, yeah!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[brushing off the idea] Timmuh Timmy Timmy Timmy. [camera pulls back to show Jimmy walking up]
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Hey Jimmy, do you wanna join our bake sale in South Park tomorrow?"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Gee, sure, that'd be great! Thanks, fellas."
Cripple Fight,Randy,"[the other scouts leave] Come on, Stan."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Bye, Big Gay Al. We had a great time."
Cripple Fight,Kenny,"(Yeah, see ya.)"
Cripple Fight,"Stan, Cartman","Bye, Jimmy."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"See ya tomorrow at the bake sale, fellas."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Randy's truck, night. Randy is taking the boys home."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"You were right, Dad. Scouts is awesome!"
Cripple Fight,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Cripple Fight,Stan,"We told ghost stories, a-and learned how to make a tornado in a glass bottle!"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Yeah, we learned how to make cakes and muffins for our bake sale."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"And best of all, we met this kid named Jimmy. He's disabled, but he doesn't let it ruin his life! He's awesome!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"[outside, visibly upset] Yahahah!!!"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Yeah, we're gonna use him to help raise money in our bake sale."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Cartman, don't say ""use him"", you big silly goose. [Randy bears down on the brakes, causing Timmy to roll backwards and into the back window]"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Ah.
Cripple Fight,Randy,[to Stan] What did you say?!
Cripple Fight,Stan,"[a bit softly, eyes fixed on his fater] I just... called Cartman a name- he's a, he's a silly goose."
Cripple Fight,Stuart,Uh huh!
Cripple Fight,Randy,"You do not say ""Big silly goose""! You call him an asshole like a normal kid!"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Dad, I was just tryin' tuh-"
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Stanley, you call your friend an asshole this instant!"
Cripple Fight,Stan,[glances at Cartman] ...Asshole. [looks at Randy again]
Cripple Fight,Randy,That's better.
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Don't call me an asshole, you som' bitch."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"South Park, next day, Camera pulls back to show a booth next to a stage. On the booth is a banner: ""Mountain Scout Bake Sale,"" and Timmy, Kenny, Cartman, and Butters are manning the booth. Items for sale: cookies, cakes, and donuts. Butters mans the collection box. People walk by this way and that. On stage, Stan prepares to speak."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Uh, hello? We are having a bake sale to raise money for scout troop number six nine. Uh, please stop by and give us a hand. And now, for your entertainment, our new best friend, stand-up comic Jimmy! [Jimmy walks up on crutches to the mic and begins]"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Wow, what a great audience. I just flew into South Park. Boy, are my crutches tired! [male laughter] What a terrific audience. You know, sometimes people ask me, ""Are you angry at God for making disabled people?"" I say, ""No, I think the world is better with puh-President Bush."" [laughter]"
Cripple Fight,Sharon,[heartfelt] What a brave little boy.
Cripple Fight,Sheila,"He's able to use comedy to overcome his handicap! I love him! [Timmy, upset, sighs and crosses his arms]"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Well, I sure have met a lot of interesting people here in South Park. [more people gather] H-how about that Eric Cartman kid, huh? ""Goddamnit! God-. No, Kitty, that's my pot pie! Goddamnit! Eh, Goddamnit!"" [more laughter]"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Hehe, I don't sound like that."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"And how about that school counselor? ""Uh, dr-, drugs are b-bad."" [Mackey happily nudges a man to his right] ""Uh. Drugs are bad, okay? Uh, drugs are, drugs are bad, okay? Okay?"" [Timmy is stewing in his anger] Wow, what a great audience. ""Mr. Hat. Be quiet, Mr. Hat. Mr.-"" [Garrison grins] ""Hello there, children. Mr. Hat. Hello- Mr. Hat"" [more laughter] ""I'm making Salisbury steak for lunch."" [Chef looks flattered] ""Salisbury steak for lunch."" Eh. Uh. ""Goddamnit, Goddamnit!"" [more, stronger laughter and applause] And of course, my very favorite, ""Timmy! Huh. Timmy! Uh liv-, I'm living a lie! I'm living a lie, Timmy!"" [the laughter and applause get louder, and Timmy gets livid] ""Ti- Timmy, I'm living a lie. Heh, heh. Ah Timmy."" Heh. Sometimes it's like, ""Please, Timmy, learn a new word,"" heh. ""Timmy! Tu-Timmy!"" [more laughter]"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"[angrily] Aaaaaaah! [Stan notices. Quickly, Timmy takes a cake half and throws it right at Jimmy, and it hits. Jimmy leans to his left, and stabilizes himself]"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Wow, looks like when it comes to comedy, I really t-take the c-keh-c. I really take the cay. I really take the k-keh cake. [cheers and claps abound]"
Cripple Fight,Man,Jim-my! Jim-my! Jim-my! Jim-my
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[wailing] Tiiimm-mmah!!!!!
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"State Mountain Scouts of America headquarters, day, outside shot. Inside, three men sit behind a table - a tribunal."
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"Well, this is it. We've simply gotten too many complaints from concerned parents about him. I'm afraid we don't have a choice."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,[enters the room] Hi ya fellas! [waves his left arm quickly]
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"How are you today, Scout?"
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"I'm super, thanks for asking. The troops are off having bake sales, and I'm pleased to report that we have already raised over $600 for the event. Yippie!"
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"Uh, Big Gay Al, it's recently come to our attention that you are... gay."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Well, stop the presses. Did you figure that out all by yourselves, silly buns?"
Cripple Fight,Scoutmaster 1,"Yes, well, unfortunately for you, the Scouts have a policy that openly gay men cannot belong."
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"We are left with no options, Mr. Al. I'm afraid you are hereby... out of Scouts."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,[Softly. Somber music plays.] Out of... Scouts?
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"We're sorry, Mr. Gay Al."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,But I've been in Scouts since I was nine - it's a... huge part of my life.
Cripple Fight,Scoutmaster 2,"Uh, you must understand that Scouts is a private club. A club that follows certain beliefs, and one of those beliefs is that homosexuality is immoral."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,I see...
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,It's nothing against you personally
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,What if I promise not to be gay anymore? [holds up a pinky] Pinky swear.
Cripple Fight,Scoutmaster 2,We think it's best you just... move on.
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"[rejected] Right. Move on. [turns around, sighs, and walks out]"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"South Park streets, day. Timmy sits on the sidewalk as Jimmy ambles towards him."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Oh, hey Timmy. I'm glad you called, very much. I've been detecting some a-animosity towards me lately, and I was hoping we could bury the hatchet."
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[holding a gift] Timmih.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,What's that?
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"Hur livin' a lah, Timmih. [presents the gift]"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,A present? You got me a p-present?
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih!
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"...[takes the gift] Gee, you didn't have to do that. I mean, I understand why you've been jealous of my talent. [opens the present] If you work at it, maybe you could be as... handi-capable as I am, huh? [pulls out the contents] Wow, a parka. [an orange one] You-you didn't have to do that, Tim-Tim."
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[all smiles] Tim-Timmy.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Oh, sure. I'll see if it fits. [Timmy grins with anticipation as Jimmy dons the parka. Next shot is of Jimmy looking suspiciously like Kenny] This is very warm. Thanks a lot, Tim-Tim. Well, I'll see you around. [turns around to walk away]"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih! [grins]
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"As Jimmy walks, suspense music comes up. Jimmy reaches the corner, and a safe falls from above and cracks the sidewalk behind him. He crosses the street, and a truck plows into an oncoming car and jackknifes, sending the car backwards through the air. Jimmy is untouched. An eagle tries to swoop him up, but misses. Jimbo and Ned appear atop a building across the street"
Cripple Fight,Jimbo,"There he is! Kill him! Kill him! [Ned fires three times] Oh, wait, that's not him. [the two men withdraw, and Jimmy keeps walking]"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Some glass blows out from a window next to Jimmy, followed by a blast of fire, and Jimmy walks. He crosses the second street and a herd of cattle stampede past him. He continues down the road, and a space shuttle crashes into the sidewalk, nose first."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"[calling back] Thanks again, Tim-Tim."
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[thwarted] Tim-Timmay!
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Big Gay Al's house, night. Quite colorful front lawn, with fountain, flowers, a flower strip down the middle of the driveway. Soft music plays. Inside, Al sits on his bed looking over framed photos of his Scouting career. Scout Troop 417 - 1988, Camp White Swallow - 1974, his Scout medals, a picture of a black man dressed as Superman. Al sighs and looks over at his Scout uniform. He walks over and takes it down, then walk to his dresser and puts the uniform away in one of its drawers"
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Ah, bye, Scouts. [closes the drawer. The camera pans to show a man playing a piano] Okay, okay, Marc, stop playing now."
Cripple Fight,Marc,"Hey, don't yell at me! Ya asked me to come over and play sad songs for you to pack to, and then ya yell at me."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"[approaching] I'm sorry. Sorry. But now I've packed everything away, so just... well, play something uplifting, like... ""I'm gonna put all this behind me and make it okay"" music."
Cripple Fight,Marc,"[starts playing sprightly music] Ooooh, I don't want her. You can have her. She's too fat for me."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Oh! [buries his face in his left hand] Jesus, Marc."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, night. A group of men stand outside. The head Scoutmaster exits the building with a big, beefy, decorated Scout leader"
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"Parents, this is the new Scout leader, Mr. Grazier. He will be taking over for the homosexual."
Cripple Fight,Randy,Nice to meet you.
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Marsh, right? We actually kind of know each other. Your wife and mine are friends."
Cripple Fight,Stuart,"Your wife, huh?"
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,Carol is the head of a girls' Mountain Scouts troop.
Cripple Fight,Randy,"[nudges Stuart, who then smiles] Well, I guess we're off to the bar until nine, then."
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Gonna go pound some brews, huh?"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Inside, Jimmy entertains the troops with more of his comedy skit as the men talk outside"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"And so I said to him, ""Hey, I- I may be handicapped, bu-but I'm not... deaf."" [the other scouts laugh] Wow, what a terrific audience. Well, for my next joke I'm gonna need a vo-volunteer from the audience, very much. How about you, Timmy?"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[resisting] Timmay.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Sure, come on up here, Tim-Tim. [the boys laugh, and Jimmy approaches] Timmy, ladies and gentlemen. Let's give him a hand, very much. Come to think of it, give him a pair of legs, too. [laughter. Timmy gets angry when Jimmy offers him a Dr. Seuss-like hat.] Here, Timmy, put on this silly hat. [Timmy throws the hat down. Jimmy picks it back up and offers it again.] Just for a second, Timmy. [Timmy throws the hat back at him, and he picks it up again] Don't be a jerk, Timmy. [approaches with the hat, but Timmy smacks him away] Hey, don't push me!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih! [turns his chair to face Jimmy directly]
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Cripple fight! [the other boys cheer, but Mr. Grazier bursts through the doors]"
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"That is enough, Scouts! Take your seats! [the boys turn left and go to their seats]"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,Awww!
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Alright, Scouts, I am your new Scout Master, Mr. Grazier! [paces back and forth between tables] Together we are going to become the best! The sleekest! The most polished Scout troop in all of Colorado! Isn't that right! [there's no answer] When I ask you a question you will answer ""Yes, Scoutmaster!"" Do I make myself clear?!"
Cripple Fight,Scouts,"Yes, Scoutmaster!"
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Good! Now, the first activity for this evening will be... [hushed] naked pictures [brings forth a camera] I'm going to take some pictures of each of you naked, in case we need them, for later."
Cripple Fight,Scouts,Awww.
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Aw, what is this?! If there's one thing I hate, it's a whining platoon! ""We don't wanna do pushups! We don't wanna get up early! We don't wanna have you take naked pictures of us!"""
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"[to Kenny] Man, this guy sucks."
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Now, fall in and strip down, Scouts!"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Community Center gym, later. The pictures have been taken and the Scouts are dressed and at table."
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Alright, Scouts, we're gonna end this meeting with a little puppet show. [pulls out a smiling Scout hand puppet] Here's a little Scout. He's always prepared. He's always ready. Now, here's a little Scout telling his parents that Mr. Grazier took naked pictures of him. Look what happens. [pulls out a hammer with his left hand and whacks away at the puppet on his right hand. The Scouts are frightened] Oh! No! Aw! Aw! Aw! [his right hand is bleeding, leaving a small pool of blood under the puppet] Do I make myself clear, Scouts?!"
Cripple Fight,Scouts,"Yes, Scoutmaster! [the parents enter to pick up their boys]"
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"[now hiding his right hand] Oh, hello parents. Alright, that's all the time we have for tonight, Scouts. We sure had a great time, didn't we?"
Cripple Fight,Scouts,"Yes sir Scoutmaster! [the troops break and go to their parents. Mr. Grazier walks over to Randy and Stuart, with his right hand behnd his back]"
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Wow, you sure whipped those kids into shape."
Cripple Fight,Stuart,Yeah. Now they're acting like men.
Cripple Fight,Mr. Grazier,"Well, you know what I say about kids: They're all pink on the inside."
Cripple Fight,Randy,You bet.
Cripple Fight,Stuart,I heard that.
Cripple Fight,Randy,"See ya, Mr. Grazier. [Randy and Stuart walk out. Mr. Grazier waits till they're gone and then pulls out the pictures he'd just taken and reviews them]"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Big Gay Al's house, night, living room. Al is on the couch unkempt, covered in a blanket, watching TV, and devouring ice cream. The door bell rings"
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Go away! I'm dead! [the door closes, and soon the South Park troop comes into view and stands in front of him]"
Cripple Fight,Butters,"Oh, well, here he is."
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Big Gay Al, what are you doing?!"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,Yeah! Get your big gay ass off the couch and come be our scoutmaster again!
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"I can't, kids. I've been... kicked out of Scouts."
Cripple Fight,Stan,Kicked out? Oh no!
Cripple Fight,Cartman,But you have to come back. We hate our new scout leader.
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,Really? wull-why?
Cripple Fight,Butters,[pause. Stan and Cartman look to him] We can't tell you.
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,Why not?
Cripple Fight,Butters,"[approaches the kidney-shaped table and demonstrates] Oh, no. No. Oh, no. No! Oh no no! [Al is shocked at the implication]"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Please, Big Gay Al. We don't wanna go on a camp trip with this guy next week."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Boys, there's nothing I can do. The Scouts don't allow homosexuals."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Well then that settles it! Fellas, what we're gonna hafta do is try to ch... change the Scouts' rules, very much."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"South Park streets, day. The six boys are picketing on the sidewalk. Cartman carries a picket: ""Scouting is for everyone!"" Butters and Kenny carry a fold-up table between them"
Cripple Fight,Stan,What do we want?
Cripple Fight,Boys,Gays in Scouts!
Cripple Fight,Stan,When do we want it?
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih!
Cripple Fight,Stan,What do we want?
Cripple Fight,Boys,Gays in Scouts!
Cripple Fight,Stan,When do we want it?
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih!
Cripple Fight,Stan,What do we want?
Cripple Fight,Randy,"[slowly, as the boys and Stan continue] Oh, no."
Cripple Fight,Boys,Gays in Scouts!
Cripple Fight,Stan,When do we want it?
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih!
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"South Park streets, day, further down the street. The six boys continue picketing."
Cripple Fight,Stan,What do we want?
Cripple Fight,Boys,Gays in Scouts!
Cripple Fight,Stan,When do we want it?
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih! [the boys approach Henry's Supermarket]
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Alright, this looks like the perfect place to get some signatures. [a little girl stands at the market's entrance]"
Cripple Fight,Little Girl,Puppies. Puppies for sale.
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"[moves over to her] Beat it, toots! We've got discrimination work to do! [takes her box and looks inside, then tosses it away. She goes after the box]"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Alright, let's set up. [the table's legs come down and Cartman's picket is hung in front of the table. A mic and sound system are set up next to the table. A customer exits the market, and Stan whips out a petition board] Ah hi, we're here to collect signature in support to force the Scouts to accept gays? [the customer gets away, but another one comes] Uh, hello, gays in Scouts? [the customers ignore him] Goddamnit! [All the while Timmy looks down angrily at Jimmy]"
Cripple Fight,Butters,"Hey! Why don't we have Jimmy do some stand-up comedy? Like at our bake sale, very much?"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"That's a great idea! [takes the mic] Attention, ladies and gentlemen! Now, for your entertainment, stand-up comic, Jimmy!"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"[takes the mic] Wow, what a great audience. For my first joke, I'm going to need a... volunteer. Come on up here, Tim-Tim. [Jimmy gets the big hat and turns to give it to Timmy, only to see him wheel away. Jimmy follows, and they end up in a parking lot away from the market] Timmy, when I tell you to do something, you do it!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih!
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Timmy, don't make me k... kick you ass!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmay!
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Put on the hat!
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[smacks the hat down] Timmay!
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Pu-put it on!!
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Dude, this looks like it could get ugly. [he and Cartman leave the table and go towards Jimmy and Timmy. Timmy and Jimmy face off and start circling each other]"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[makes a fist] Timmih. Timmih.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Not this year.
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"Timmih, Timmih."
Cripple Fight,Cartman,Cripple fight!
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Haaa.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Come on. Come on!
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih.
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"South Park Church. A service is on, and organ music plays"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Cripple fight! [after a moment, the congregants get up and leave]"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Henry's Supermarket, inside. Shoppers mill about, getting their items"
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"[on speakers] Attention, shoppers. Outside, we have... cripple fight. Cripple fight outside! [the shoppers abandon their carts and exit]"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Parking lot. Timmy delivers the fist blow, to Jimmy's head, but Jimmy delivers four blows back with his crutches. The third one turns Timmy's head to the left. The fourth one turns Timmy's head to the right and forces the wheelchair backwards. Jimmy recovers and the rivals approach each other anew"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Come on!
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Jimmy jumps up and delivers a blow to Timmy's face, but Timmy responds with four quick blows - a right hook, two left jabs, and another right hook - sending Jimmy to the ground face first."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,[struggling to get up] Uh.
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Jesus Christ, dude! [a crowd begins to gather]"
Cripple Fight,Susan,Oh my God!
Cripple Fight,Man 5,"Just let 'em have it out, Susan. They'll run out of steam soon. [Jimmy gets up quickly and faces Timmy again]"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Hahnah Timmih.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"[swipes at him, but Timmy blocks] Huah!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Hahnah Timmih.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"[swipes at Timmy again, but Timmy blocks] Come on!"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih!
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"No! [swipes at him again, but Timmy blocks and quickly delivers a blow to the face, drawing fist blood] Ow!"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Jimmy recoups and delivers a back-handed blow to Timmy with his right crutch, then measures Timmy and swings the crutch back and launches Timmy out of his chair. Timmy quickly scrambles back to his chair, but Jimmy whacks him away again. Camera movements get more dynamic. Timmy rolls over and Jimmy walks up to him and offers his left hand"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Timmy? Timmy? [Timmy takes his hand and slowly rises to his feet. Jimmy helps him into the chair]I told you to put on the HAT!! [swings his right crutch and blows Timmy out of the chair again. Jimmy walks up to Timmy and pulls him up by the hair, and swings the right crutch at him, but Timmy blocks it and holds both crutches down] You dirty motherfucker! [hits Timmy with the crutches, and Timmy responds with a headbutt, knocking Jimmy down. Timmy goes down himself]"
Cripple Fight,Man 5,[just arriving] What's goin' on?
Cripple Fight,Man 6,[turns to answer] Some kind of gay pride rally.
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Timmy gets a hold of Jimmy and delivers a right cross. Jimmy responds by striking Timmy with both crutches, then grounding his crutches and swinging his legs up to strike Timmy agian. Next, Jimmy tries to pull Timmy off the wheelchair head first, then tries to get a reverse headlock on Timmy. Timmy breaks out of it and delivers a blow. They each try a headlock on the other, but the effort forces the wheelchair backwards, and they both fall out."
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Lah-livin' a lie!
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Jimmy chokes Timmy for a bit, then rises to jump on him. Timmy tries to force Jimmy off by pushing Jimmy's face back, but Jimmy bites Timmy's fingers. Timmy cries in pain, then flips Jimmy off overhead. Jimmy scrambles up on his crutches as Timmy tends to his bitten hand, and strikes Timmy again, and again. Jimmy then swings his legs into Timmy and flies off - a flying kick. Timmy rises and jumps on Jimmy, grabbing his head and ramming it into the ground twice, then performing an eye gouge. Jimmy works around it and throws Timmy off, then jumps on him, driving a knee into Timmy's crotch five times, shot from various angles. Jimmy struggles to get up, and Timmy trips him."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,Channel 4 News report
Cripple Fight,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing out in front of Henry's Supermarket where five brave little boys are holding a rally to support gays in scouting. The rally is drawing so much attention that people from all over the country are taking media notice."
Cripple Fight,Farmer,Those boys have shown me the light. I never knew the Mountain Scouts was a hate group.
Cripple Fight,Joe,[host of Joe n' Friends] This is a wake up call to America. We cannot turn our backs on gays anymore!
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,South Park Bar. People are looking at the report
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Oh, God, they're actually pulling it off."
Cripple Fight,Reporter,"[voice only] The rally has also caught the attention of old Scouts members, like Steven Spielberg, director of such films as Always and 1941."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,Cut to Channel 4 News report
Cripple Fight,Steven Spielberg,[at his desk] I salute those boys and their courage. I am hereby cutting all my funding to the Scouts!
Cripple Fight,Reporter,"The rally has also caught the attention of high-powered lawyer, Gloria Allred."
Cripple Fight,Gloria Allred,"[at her desk] It is a disgrace that these homophobes are allowed to discriminate. [rises from her chair and pounds the desk] I am taking this case on, personally!"
Cripple Fight,Reporter,"With this kind of support, Tom, these boys are sure to have a victory for gays. Back to you."
Cripple Fight,Tom,"Thanks, Chris. In other news, the FBI has finally caught the child molester known as Mr. Slippyfist. [pictured is Mr. Grazier being arrested, then his mug shot] This sick child molester was found with disturbing graphic photos of young boys naked, which we will show you now."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,Cut to South Park Bar for reactions. The men are stunned
Cripple Fight,Tom,[voice only] Here's one. And here's another.
Cripple Fight,Stuart,Kenny?
Cripple Fight,Randy,Oh my God.
Cripple Fight,Tom,"Here, look at this one. Sick sonofabitch! Here's one right here."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Jimmy and Timmy have taken to throwing each other all over the place. Jimmy and Timmy land on a car and tumble down to the ground beside it. The camera follows the action closely. Jimmy picks Timmy up and throws him back on the car, then swings his right crutch at Timmy, striking him, and strikes him again on the return swing. Timmy punches Jimmy with his left fist, sending Jimmy spinning around. Jimmy swings at Timmy again, but Timmy ducks and catches Jimmy in a sleeper hold, holding on for a few seconds. Jimmy escapes, then picks Timmy up high and brings him down upon the left knee for a back-breaker. Timmy rises and responds with a neck-breaker, knocking Jimmy out. Both boys lay there, motionless."
Cripple Fight,Man 6,"Alright, boys, break it up."
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Colorado Supreme Court, day, exterior shot. Inside, the justices enter and take their seats"
Cripple Fight,Bailiff,All rise.
Cripple Fight,Chief Justice,"In the case of Big Gay Al versus Mountain Scouts of America: due to the overwhelming show of support, it is the ruling of this court that the Scouts must allow Big Gay Al and all gays into their club!"
Cripple Fight,Crowd,Alright! Yeah! Woohoo! [more cheering]
Cripple Fight,Randy,"Well, we've all learned an important lesson. That just because somebody's gay doesn't mean they're gonna molest children. Straight people do that too."
Cripple Fight,Crowd,"Yeah! [more cheering. Timmy and Jimmy, bruised and battered, sit next to each other]"
Cripple Fight,Chief Justice,"And furthermore, the Scout elders will be put into stocks for three days, so they can see how it feels to be outcast!"
Cripple Fight,Crowd,"Hooray, yeah, yeah! [more cheering]"
Cripple Fight,Stan,We did it! We did it!
Cripple Fight,Gloria Allred,I did it! I did it! Haha! [the press gathers in around her.]
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Colorado Supreme Court, day, outside. Gloria Allred is holding a press conference at the top of the steps at the courthouse"
Cripple Fight,Gloria Allred,"Today is a great day for democracy. The Scouts have been exposed for the vile gay bashers they are. [each of the three Scout elders is in a stock, and underneath each one is written ""HOMOPHOBE"" The crowd throws stones at them.] And we all it all to me, and these six brave little boys [the big bird comes down and plucks Kenny right up. The other kids, Al, and Gloria move aside and return, the kids stunned] five... brave little boys. And now, here to take his official oath back in Scouts is Big Gay Al. [moves aside]"
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,[as the crowd cheers] Thank you all very much. But I don't want this. [the crowd quiets down and gets confused]
Cripple Fight,Crowd members,What's he saying?
Cripple Fight,Stan,Huh?
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"Look, I appreciate what you kids did; I really do. But this isn't what I wanted. I'm proud to be gay. And I'm proud to be in a country where I'm free to express myself. But freedom is a two-way street. If I'm free to express myself, then the Scouts have to be free to express themselves, too. I know these men. They are good men. They are kind men. They do what they think is best for kids. No matter how wrong we think they might be, it isn't right for us to force them to think our way. It's up to us to persuade, and help them see the light, not extort them to. Please, don't cut the Scouts' funding. The Scouts help and have always helped a lot of kids. That's why I love them. I will continue to persuade them to change their mind, but this is the wrong way to do it. So, I am hereby dropping my case, and allowing the Scouts their right to not allow gays into their private club."
Cripple Fight,Man,"Uh, Hooray!"
Cripple Fight,Another Man,"Hooray, hey!"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"So wait, did we do good?"
Cripple Fight,Butters,"Uh yeah, ah I think so."
Cripple Fight,Cartman,"Eh, we kick ass."
Cripple Fight,Big Gay Al,"[approaching the boys] Come on kids, let's go get some ice cream! [moves along]"
Cripple Fight,Gloria Allred,[at the mic] You can't do this! You homophobe!
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"Well, Timmy, I guess we learned an important lesson, too, very much. There is room for more than one handi-capable person in Scouts."
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Timmih.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,I'm glad we're best friends now. See ya at Scouts. [walks off]
Cripple Fight,Timmy,Tim-mih.
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Timmy's house, exterior shot. Inside, Timmy is working on his computer in his room. He's working the keyboard and the mouse like an experienced user. He sings to the tune of ""Old MacDonald Had a Farm"":"
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"Timmih Timmih Timmih Timmih... [on screen is a picture of Timmy and Jimmy, in a Photo Wiz program. Timmy traces a cutout around Jimmy's head] Timmih Timmih Timmih. Timmih Timmih Timmih Timmih... [he clips the head off and moves it to the right, and grins] Timmih Timmih Timmih Timmih Timmih. Ahh!"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"[opens Timmy's bedroom door and enters. Timmy stops work to listen] Timmy, come on! We're gonna be late for Scouts! [walks out]"
Cripple Fight,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, day. Inside the boys are seated around the table, and a new Scoutmaster, the head Scoutmaster, is present"
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"Alright, boys, I am your new Scout leader. Everything is going to be just fine. No naked pictures."
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"[rolls up to the scoutmaster] Uh, Timmih."
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,"Yes, Timmy? [Timmy hands him an envelope, which he opens. He takes out a picture] Oh dear. Jimmy?"
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Yes?
Cripple Fight,Head Scoutmaster,You know our policy: I'm afraid you're... out of Scouts.
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,Out of Scouts? [the scoutmaster shows a picture of two naked men holding each other close from the waist down and looking at the camera. The paler man has Jimmy's head pasted over his]
Cripple Fight,Timmy,"[with eyes half-closed, waves at Jimmy and grins] Tim-mih."
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,"What? [the two other Scoutmasters come up behind Jimmy, pull him out of his chair, and carry him towards the entrance] Hey wait a minute! This is crazy! You can't do this!"
Cripple Fight,Stan,"Wow, I never knew Jimmy was gay."
Cripple Fight,Butters,Me neither. [the two Scoutmasters prepare to toss him out the doors]
Cripple Fight,Jimmy,No! No! [the Scoutmasters toss him a good distance]
Cripple Fight,Timmy,[triumphantly] Timmay!
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"South Park, day. People mill around, but a group of them has gathered around a magician, tall and slender, with a severe face"
Super Best Friends,Magician,"Okay, Carol, put the card you picked back into the deck so I can't see ittwah. [Butters and Kenny are watching as Stan and Kyle rush up]"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"What's going on? [he and Kyle have ice cream cones. He has vanilla, Kyle strawberry]"
Super Best Friends,Butters,"Uh this feller David Blaine. He's doin' magic tricks. Hey, where'd you get that ice cream?"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Okay, now hold this card up to the crowd. [Carol takes the card and shows it to the crowd. It is an ace of clubs] Was that the card you picked?"
Super Best Friends,Carol,"No, I'm sorry. I picked the four of hearts."
Super Best Friends,Blaine,Four of hearts? Really? Look again.
Super Best Friends,Carol,[looks and find the four of hearts in her hand] Daa-ah!
Super Best Friends,Crowd,Oooohhhh! [applause]
Super Best Friends,Woman,Whoa
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"That's pretty cool, dude!"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,[walking up] Who's this asshole?
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"He's a magician named David Blaine, dude. He kicks ass."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Hey, where'd you guys get that ice cream?"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Sir, c- could you come over here? [Jimbo walks over] Now, what I want you to do, Mr..."
Super Best Friends,Jimbo,Kern.
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Mr. Kern, I want you to just... think about a card. Pick any card, and picture it in your mind."
Super Best Friends,Jimbo,[shuts his eyes and keeps them shut] O-kay.
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Okay, jus... s think about your card. [a few seconds pass] okay, look at me. [Jimbo looks at him] Look at me... Look at me... okay, now reach up your ass."
Super Best Friends,Jimbo,Huh??
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Go on, reach up your ass."
Super Best Friends,Jimbo,"[reaches into his ass and digs around] Uh, I don't feel nothin'."
Super Best Friends,Blaine,Deeper.
Super Best Friends,Jimbo,[groans as he goes deeper] Hhud. I don't feel... hello... wait... wait... [pulls out a card and cleans the crap off it]
Super Best Friends,Blaine,Was that the card you picked?
Super Best Friends,Jimbo,[in disbelief] Yes! Oh my God!
Super Best Friends,Man,O-hoho! [more crowd reaction]
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Wow, that's cool!"
Super Best Friends,Stan,How'd he do that??
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Thank you. I've been traveling from town to town for quite a while. I've started quite a following, mostly because of my levitation tricktwah. Watch. [goes into a meditative state] Watch. [slowly, he rises into the air]"
Super Best Friends,Crowd,Whoa!!!
Super Best Friends,Stan,No way!
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Damn. That guy is the coolest guy in the universe!
Super Best Friends,Blaintologist,"[passing out pamphlets through the crowd] Pamphlet. Pamphlet. Here you go, kids, take a pamphlet. [Kyle takes one and reads from it]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"""David Blaine Workshop. Learn all about David Blaine at the Center for Magic."" Dude, we gotta go."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Yeah, and they probably teach you how to do magic tricks!"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, in the middle of nowhere, day."
Super Best Friends,Speaker,"Hello, everyone. My name is Steven and I've been a Blaintologist for about three years. So, when David Blaine performed his miracles out on the street, what moved you the most?"
Super Best Friends,Stan,His a-miracles?
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Oh yes, you see, David Blaine is much more than a magician. He's a scholar, a visionary, a leader."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,When are we gonna learn magic tricks?
Super Best Friends,Stan,Yeah!
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Oh, I've got a trick for you to learn: I can show you how to make your true self appear. Let me ask you all something: Do you consider yourselves to be happy?"
Super Best Friends,Butters,I don't think I'm very happy. I always fall asleep to the sounds of my own screams.
Super Best Friends,Steven,"...Right, yeh. Eh, see, the reason that you are unha-"
Super Best Friends,Butters,And then I always get woken up in the morning by the sounds of my own screams. Do you think I'm unhappy?
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Wait, the.. the point is... that you can be happy. You see, your friends and parents have programmed you in a way that makes you feel isolated and alone. How many times have you felt like nobody knows the real... you? [focus on a stunned Kyle] You're not really happy."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[thinking] I'm not really happy.
Super Best Friends,Steven,Your potential hasn't even been reached.
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[thinking] My potential hasn't even been reached.
Super Best Friends,Steven,"[holds up the book] If you look through David Blaine's incredible book, you'll find a lot of life's answers. Let's read some of the book together, shall we?"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,Then we get to be in David Blaine's secret club?
Super Best Friends,Steven,That's right.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,Cool.
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. In the dining room, Sheila is trying to feed Ike, who is in a baby chair."
Super Best Friends,Sheila,"Ike, eat your gefilte fish. [Ike pulls away as far as he can]"
Super Best Friends,Ike,No-oo.
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[rushes in with Blaine's book] Mom. Mom. I found out all about this great new magician named David Blaine.
Super Best Friends,Sheila,"That's nice, Kyle. Ike, eat!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"We spent all afternoon learning about how we aren't actually happy. I had no idea how unhappy I was until today. They gave me this cool book to read, and I'm already on chapter four...."
Super Best Friends,Sheila,"Well, it's nice to see you so interested in something, Kyle. Ike, for the love of Abraham, you are gonna eat this."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"So can I go to the Magic Camp, to learn how to become a full member? All the other guys are doin' it, and it's only $69.95."
Super Best Friends,Sheila,"Magic Camp? I don't know, bubbe, ask your father. [Kyle turns and walks out] Ike, you will eat this!"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, in the middle of nowhere, day. The new recruits are having their hair shaved off their heads"
Super Best Friends,Barber,Prepare to be cleansed and release the magic inside you.
Super Best Friends,Butters,"[Solemnly] I am prepared. [the barber takes the clippers and clips Butters' hair off in one swoop. The hair ends up on the floor in one piece] Hoh, jeez, eh it sure got cold in here."
Super Best Friends,Barber,Next? [Mr. Garrison appears...]
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, main room"
Super Best Friends,Steven,"Congratulations, young Blaintologists. From this day, you are clean. [a shot of the new recruits. They all look the same] Now, we have very important work to do! David Blaine is going to put on a big magic show in Denver tomorrow night, where he's going to eat his own head."
Super Best Friends,Recruits,Wow!
Super Best Friends,Steven,So it's up to all you new Blaintologists to get as many people there as you can. Whoever gets the most people to come gets a prize! [eight boys gravitate towards each other]
Super Best Friends,Stan,"[talking to a boy between him and Cartman] Kyle, I'm starting to think that this is a really bad idea."
Super Best Friends,Butters,"Ha-I'm not Kyle, I'm Butters. I thought you were Kyle."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"No, I'm Stan."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[behind Butters] You're Stan? Where's Kenny?
Super Best Friends,Stan,Who are you?
Super Best Friends,Kyle,I'm Kyle.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"[thinking he's indistinguishable] Heheh, guess who I am, you guys?"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Kyle, I think we may have gotten into something bad here."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,[steps back to join Stan] What do you mean? We're learning all kinds of cool stuff.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Look at us, dude. These people are trying to change us somehow. I think it's time we went home."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,But David Blaine is gonna do more miracles in Denver tomorrow.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"I don't care! I'm leaving! [walks towards the door, but a man blocks the way] 'Scuse me. [eerie music begins]"
Super Best Friends,Aide,Where are you going?
Super Best Friends,Stan,I'm going home.
Super Best Friends,Aide,You don't want to go home.
Super Best Friends,Stan,You said we're free to leave whenever we want
Super Best Friends,Aide,You are.
Super Best Friends,Stan,Move out of the way.
Super Best Friends,Aide,I'm not in the way. You are. Are you unhappy with the Church's teachings? Let's just talk about it
Super Best Friends,Stan,"I don't wanna talk about it, I jus' wanna leave."
Super Best Friends,Aide,"Why don't we go into the back room for a second, and talk? Then you can leave."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"[begins to back away, intimidated] That's okay, I... I changed my mind. I'm... gonna stay."
Super Best Friends,Aide,That's great news. [escorts Stan back to the group]
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The David Blaine Complex, dorm, night. Stan peers out from a door into a hall."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Okay, it's all clear. [exits with Kyle]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,What are we doing?
Super Best Friends,Stan,We're getting out of here. This whole thing has gotten way out of hand.
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Whoa whoa, I'm not going anywhere."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Come on, Kyle, this is stupid!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"It's not stupid, Stan. For once in my life I feel like I'm part of something."
Super Best Friends,Stan,A part of what?! Some gaywad magician's crazy life plan?!
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Don't call Mr. Blaine a gaywad! He's a brilliant man.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"No, they've just convinced you that he's a brilliant man! Let's go!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,I'm not going anywhere!
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Goddamnit, I'm not going with you! I wanna stay here!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Huh? I thought you wanted to leave.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Oh wait, who am I again?"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,You're Stan.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Oh- oh yeah. God- Goddamnnit, hold on a second. [pulls out his hat and puts it on] Okay. Now look, dude, I'm getting out of here, and you're a dumbass if you don't come with me!"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Then I guess... I'm a dumbass. [turns and walks back to his room. Stan turns back to face the hall and watched Kyle walk away]
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Kyle, please. You- [looks down and to the left, then looks up] You're my best friend."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Well, this is what I believe in now, Stan. And if you can't respect that,... then I guess we're not best friends anymore. [opens the door to his room and walks in. Stan looks, then turns towards the exit and walks out]"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. Cartman and Kyle walk down a sidewalk visiting houses. They approach a pink house."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Hello, ma'am. My name is Kyle. And this is Cartman. We'd like to share our interest in David Blaine with you."
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,"Uh oh. My husband warned me about you Blainiacs. I'm sorry, but I'm a Catholic."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Uh it... doesn't matter, ma'am. Blaintology is for everyone. There are Blaintologists who are Catholics, Buddhists - why even Kyle here is a Goddamn Jew."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,That's right.
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,So you're not a cult?
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"[giggles] Of course, no. David Blaine is a real person. You may have seen his television specials on ABC. He also wrote a book, and we'd like to share it with you."
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,"Well, alright, come on in."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,Cool. [the woman shows the boys in]
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Elderly woman's house, living room, moments later. The woman and the two boys sit on the sofa. Kyle has his book open."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"...And if you look here, you can see how David Blaine performed the miracle of being frozen in ice at Times Square."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Ma'am, have you ever wondered what David Blaine's plan is for you?"
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,"No, not really."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Oh, you see, that, that's interesting because... I'm so thankful for David Blaine's book, and, I'm so thankful that he showed me the way to true happiness but, I think about his plan often."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,David Blaine is doing a big performance in Denver tomorrow night. [closes his book] We're sure his magic will entertain and astound you!
Super Best Friends,Cartman,He's going to eat his own head.
Super Best Friends,Kyle,How many tickets can we put you down for?
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,"Oh, I can't go."
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Oh, come on, it'll make you a happy person."
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,I am happy.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,No you're not.
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,Yes I am.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,No you're not.
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,I really am.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,No you're not.
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,But I am.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,No you're not.
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,"Alright, two tickets"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,Great!
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,Sidewalk. Kyle and Cartman exit the elderly woman's house
Super Best Friends,Kyle,That's 15 people we got to agree to come see David Blaine perform in Denver.
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Yes, Brother Kyle hmm, but our work is not over. We must still recruit ten more audience members in order to get the prize."
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"I think if we try Kenny's neighborhood, we might find a- [they reach the corner. Facing them on the opposite corner is Stan, standing by his bike]"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Come, Brother Kyle, we have no time for him. [turns right and walks down the street. Kyle looks back at Stan for a few seconds, then follows Cartman. Stan turns and walks down the street in the same direction Kyle and Cartman were walking, but stops when a car appears in front of him. He sees some adult Blaintologists inside. The driver starts the car and moves towards Stan, who turns about face and begins to run with his bike. The car looms behind him and he lets go of his bike.]"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"HaaAAAA! [the car totals the bike, bumps Stan onto the sidewalk, and peels away.]"
Super Best Friends,Driver,"You'd better watch yourself next time, abandoner! [Stan looks at the car, scared.]"
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Jesus' house, next day. Stan walks up and rings the doorbell"
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Hi, Jesus. It's me."
Super Best Friends,"Stan, Jesus",Stan Marsh.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Of course. I know you, my child. Come in."
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Jesus' house, living room. A pitcher of water sits on the coffee table"
Super Best Friends,Stan,This guy is going around doing magic tricks and saying they're miracles! My friend Kyle thinks he's totally awesome!
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"You're good to bring this to my attention, Stan. Cults are a very dangerous thing."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"I read in the Bible that you did miracles, too. If you could go in front of these people and do your miracles, then, they'll all see that David Blaine isn't so special."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,The miracle I'm most famous for is turning water into wine.
Super Best Friends,Stan,Can you do it again?
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Very well. I shall perform the miracle. Behold. Here you can see ordinary water, clear, clean. Okay now, turn around. [Stan looks at Jesus quizzically. Jesus is now holding the pitcher] Er, nuh, tur- turn around. [Stan turns away and Jesus quickly switches pitchers] Uh, okay now, turn back. [Stan turns back] It is now wine!"
Super Best Friends,Stan,That's it? That's how you did that trick?
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Wuh well, yeah."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"That trick sucks, Jesus."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Oh. Well, I guess it worked a little better on people 2000 years ago."
Super Best Friends,Stan,"Dude, we have to do something. This guy is performing more miracles in Denver tonight. He's gonna get more followers, and it'll be impossible for me to get Kyle out."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,Then let's go.
Super Best Friends,Stan,"But dude, I'd I don't think you should do that lame water-to-wine trick."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Oh,don't worry [rises and joins Stan out the door] I have a few more miracles up my sleeve."
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"Denver, night. An arena is shown, and the place is packed. Kyle and Cartman are seated in the third row, with around Blaintologists around them"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,This is a really good turnout.
Super Best Friends,Announcer,"And now, ladies and gentlemen, David Blaine. [pyrotechnics go off all around, three spotlights shine on Blaine, and the crowd cheers]"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Hello, my children."
Super Best Friends,Announcer,"Ladies and gentlemen, may we have silence, please, as magician David Blaine will now eat... his... own... head. [Blaine looks around, and a drumroll begins. Blaine then proceeds to eat his own head, then falls over. A few moments later the crowd roars with approval]"
Super Best Friends,Kyle,"Dude, no way! [two female Blaintology assistants rush up and help Blaine stand. One has a little cage, another has a small curtain and rod. The one to his right places the cage where the head would be, while the one on the left places the curtain in front. A few seconds later, Blaine's head is back on his shoulders. The audience cheers]"
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Thank you, everyone. [the audience quiets down] Our organization grows larger every day. Soon, the government will even have to give us tax-exempt status as a bona fide religion."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,[walking down the steps towards the stage] Hold!
Super Best Friends,Man,It's Jesus! [more murmurs]
Super Best Friends,Cartman,What's he doin' here? [Jesus goes on stage]
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"My children, it is time for you to go home and stop following this false prophet. You should be using your money and time for other things. These are simple magic tricks. His magic is interesting, but will it put food on your table? Feeding the hungry - now that is a miracle! [a cart with loaves and fishes is wheeled in by Stan.] Behold! I have here fives loaves of bread and three fish. Certainly not enough to feed this entire crowd, but now - turn around [the crowd stares back blankly] Ya need tuh- turn around. [Stan slaps his hand to his forehead, but the crowd turns around. Jesus proceeds to pull bread and fish from behind the cart and pour it over the original bread and fish. Soon the cart is hidden under the food] Okay, now turn back. [the crowd turns back and just looks]"
Super Best Friends,Cartman,"Now how the hell did he do that? [Blaine simply extends his right arm, lifts the bread and fish mentally from the cart and drops them over by Stan]"
Super Best Friends,Crowd,Wow!
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"Your magic is old and outdated, Jesus! Twah. Just like you are."
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"Oh, really. Then what's this [reaches behind Blaine's ear and pulls out a card] Ace of Spades doing behind your ear?"
Super Best Friends,Crowd,"Whoa. [some chatter. Blaine then levitates, goes into a spin and disappears into a deck of cards, which then splits in two. Each half traces a circle and then both halves combine to make a larger circle. This circle then becomes a tornado of cards, and David Blaine emerges from the tornado triumphant.]"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,[overwhelmed] Jesus Christ!
Super Best Friends,Elderly Woman,[seated with her husband] He's incredible!
Super Best Friends,Blaine,"The old religions have failed you! Twah. What have they offered except for war, poverty, and sadness? Blaintology offers you the key to living your life to the fullest! Will you join us?"
Super Best Friends,Crowd,Yes!!
Super Best Friends,Scene Description,"The arena, outside. Jesus and Stan exit the arena"
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"His magic is too powerful, Stanley. I've never seen anything like it."
Super Best Friends,Stan,Then what are we going to do.
Super Best Friends,Jesus,"I cannot face him alone. We must get the help of all the super best friends. [speaks into his left wrist] Buddha. Buddha, come in!"
Super Best Friends,Stan,Super best friends?
