Pee,Water Tester,Oh my God.
Pee,Scene Description,"The park's main office. The water tester and his assistant are at the office with Pi-Pi and a lawyer. Behind Pi-Pi is a picture window, and outside that is the Drop Zone!! attraction."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Ah, gentlemen, I am da Pi-Pi. How can I help you?"
Pee,Assistant,"Pi-Pi, we have some dire news concerning your water park."
Pee,Water Tester,I've just finished some tests. The water in your park is now 98% pee.
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Yes, uhso whatsuh is the problem?"
Pee,Assistant,"Pi-Pi, you know that acceptable pee levels in any water park is eighty three percent. [with some urgency] You have to shut down."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"What?! I can'tuh close down now, it'she my biggest-a weekend. Everyone is having a-theh fun."
Pee,Water Tester,"You're endangering people's lives! [shows him the test results] If those pee levels hit a hundred percent, there's no telling what'll happen!"
Pee,Lawyer,And what proof... do you have that the pee levels will go up?
Pee,Water Tester,One in three people admit they pee in pools. Add another for people who do but don't admit it; that's two in three. You've got just over five hundred people out there; that's three hundred and thirty two people about to pee in your water!
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Gehntlemen, please-a. I come-a from ada Venice. [shows off a real life picture of a canal in Venice] Venice is almost all pee. And we doin' just fine. We swim-a in the pee, we sing-a in the pee. You can't barge in here and tell me thuh, that I have to close down just because my wahter park has-a too much pee."
Pee,Water Tester,You have to evacuate people now!
Pee,Lawyer,He said he's not doing it! And as his lawyer I advise you gentlemen to leave and take your wild pee theories with you!
Pee,Water Tester,"[now at the door with his assistant about to leave] If one more person urinates in your pool, it could set off a chain reaction. Then the pee will be on your hands. [they leave]"
Pee,Scene Description,"The wave pool, later. The water is now green."
Pee,Butters,"Oh b-hoy, the waves are startin' up again!"
Pee,Stan,"This is sweet, huh Kenny? [Kenny, who's facing away from the camera, doesn't say anything. A girl in an inner tube floats past the boys, then stops and lets loose some pee. Sure enough, the ground begins to rumble and shake.]"
Pee,Jimmy,"W-What's that? [Explosions of pee come out of every ride, overrunning them all. A huge pee wave rises over the park and swamps it, destroying every structure. An unlucky slider is swept down in a rush of pee. A woman loses her baby as the wave strikes her back. The pee tsunami sweeps across the Mt. Everest attraction. A statue of a man scaling the mountain falls off]"
Pee,Woman Who Loses Baby,(shrieks)
Pee,Man 1,It's pee! [turns to run from it]
Pee,Man 2,"Look out for the pee! [Kyle, who's playing a Zombie Fighter video game, looks back to see what's all the commotion. The pee-nami hits the New York Splash attraction, mowing down its structures]"
Pee,Kyle,"Aaaaah! GROSS! [leaves the game and makes a run for it. A volcano blows up and chunks of lava drop all over the place. The wave pool gets unstable, threatening to throw people out with its wild waves]"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"[holding on to the sign post] Aaaaa, it's-a the peeee! [the sign post breaks off and both man and post are swept away by the pee. Stan, Butters, and Jimmy climb up the Mr. Everest sign]"
Pee,Floating Woman,[swept away] Aaaah!
Pee,Stan,"[in a shaky voice] Aaaah! [stops and looks at the pee, and sees a familiar boy floating in the water, face down] OH MY GOD, THEY KILLED KENNY!"
Pee,Kyle,"[running up some stairs in Drop Zone!!] Aw, sick! [the pee below him is rising]"
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot, some time later. Firefighters have arrived on scene of the destroyed water park."
Pee,Fire Marshal,I want that entire water park contained and quarantined until I get some answers. [Randy quickly arrives in his station wagon and runs up to the captain]
Pee,Randy,What's going on?
Pee,Fire Marshal,I told you people to keep civilians back!
Pee,Randy,"Sir, please, my son is in there! What's happened?"
Pee,Fire Marshal,"We don't know yet, all right?! There's been a pee breach and a lot of people are dead. Now I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to-"
Pee,Officer 1,"Captain, these two men claim to know the situation. [the water tester and his assistant walk into view]"
Pee,Water Tester,"We warned the owner of the park, but he refused to shut down. This was inevitable."
Pee,Fire Marshal,So this is all pee-related?
Pee,Water Tester,"Yes, I... tested the pH levels this morning."
Pee,Fire Marshal,And?
Pee,Water Tester,"It was almost all pee, no H."
Pee,Randy,"Oh my God. I've gotta help him! [starts to run to the gate, but the captain catches him and pulls him back.]"
Pee,Fire Marshal,Stay BACK!
Pee,Randy,You can't just leave my son in there with all that pee!
Pee,Officer 2,"Sir, it's possible with a crane we could help any survivors out."
Pee,Water Tester,I think that would be a very bad idea.
Pee,Fire Marshal,And why is that?
Pee,Water Tester,"Anyone inside there is contaminated. We have reason to believe that when people are exposed to that much pee, they... change."
Pee,Fireman 1,Change how?
Pee,Water Tester,"All right uh brubring in, bring in the monkey. [a researcher wheels in a monkey who's been shackled to a dolly] We've only tested the theory on monkeys so far. This monkey is healthy and normal in every way, but now, watch. [unzips his pants and turns to face the monkey, then starts peeing on it. He first pees on the chest, no reaction. He moves the stream up to the monkey's face and the monkey begins to protest. The monkey tries to escape the pee stream, but the tester just keeps the stream on it as best he can.]"
Pee,Fire Marshal,My God! He's become full of rage!
Pee,Scene Description,"Back in the pee-filled water park, Jimmy, Butters, and Stan stand on the Mt. Everest attraction. Kyle is on what remains of the Drop Zone!! sign, but it moves a little, sinking a bit."
Pee,Kyle,Aahhh...
Pee,Stan,"[on a small plateau on the attraction] Kyle, quick! You've gotta swim over to us!"
Pee,Kyle,No way!
Pee,Jimmy,"You've gotta swim over here, Kyle."
Pee,Butters,"Come on, Kyle!"
Pee,Kyle,"Dude, that's all pee!"
Pee,Stan,Well if you don't swim in it you're gonna die!
Pee,Kyle,I'll die if I do swim in it!
Pee,Stan,"Kyle, it's just pee! It's not that big a deal!"
Pee,Kyle,Yes it is a big deal! Why do you think everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom?!
Pee,Stan,"[hesitantly] ...Well, not everyone washes their hands after they go to the bathroom."
Pee,Kyle,..WHAT?
Pee,Stan,"Come on, dude, you've gotta swim."
Pee,Kyle,You don't wash your hands after going to the bathroom!
Pee,Stan,Not... all the time.
Pee,Kyle,That is gross!!
Pee,Stan,Why? It's not like you're peeing on your hands! There's more germs on most furniture than there is in pee!
Pee,Butters,"Yeah, if anything you should wash your hands before you touch your weiner! [the sign drops further into the yellow urine]"
Pee,Stan,"Kyle, come on!"
Pee,Kyle,"Ah, god-damnit! [climbs down the sign and into the pee. He holds his face high up as much as he can as he swims across] Haaa. Ohhhh. Ahh, ohh, uhh, agh, [He climbs up and joins his friends on the plateau. He pants, dripping with pee]"
Pee,Butters,Do you need to wash your hands?
Pee,Scene Description,The lake of pee. Cartman hangs on to a styrofoam ice chest.
Pee,Cartman,Help! Help!
Pee,Man 1,"Here! Hey kid, grab this stick! [a branch hangs off a Floom Zoom boat]"
Pee,Cartman,"Yes! Yes help me! Yes, help me I'm just a little boy! You have to help me! [grabs onto the branch and is hoisted onto the boat. He catches his breath] Oh, oh, oh. [sits up and looks around - it's all minorities in the boat]"
Pee,Man 2,Are you okay?
Pee,Cartman,"Haa-aa. Yes, thank you."
Pee,Man 2,Well what are we gonna do now?
Pee,Woman 1,We've gotta just wait it out.
Pee,Woman 2,"Yeah, but for how long?"
Pee,Man 3,We need to find somethin' to paddle with.
Pee,Cartman,"[pulls out a memo pad and pen and writes the following] Day one. It has happened. The Mayans were right. The only thing they got wrong was the date. It is 2009, and I appear to be the last of my species alive. Now it's just me, all alone, with minorities. What will the minorities do with me? I'm sure that's what's on all of their minds. I have to make myself seem useful to them or they will surely not let me live. [puts the pad and pen away somewhere...] Does anyone need medical help? I am a doctor. [the other survivors just look at him]"
Pee,Scene Description,The Marsh house. Sharon is on the phone in the living room while Shelly looks on from the kitchen doorway.
Pee,Sharon,"Randy, Randy, calm down. I can't understand what you're saying."
Pee,Randy,"It's the pee! It's all pee, and nobody can go in or out!"
Pee,Sharon,What is all pee?
Pee,Scene Description,Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot.
Pee,Randy,"Sharon, the water park had a pee meltdown! They think a lot of people have died."
Pee,Sharon,What?! What about Stan?! Is he okay?!
Pee,Randy,"I don't know! The whole water park has been quarantined! They're worried anyone left alive could be... sssome kind of raging, hate-filled mutants."
Pee,Sharon,"Randy, you've got to do something!"
Pee,Randy,"Calm down, Sharon, all right?! [shakes his head vigorously] Calm down! They're trying to find an antidote. Once they believe they can neutralize the enraging effects of the pee, they'll, they'll go in to look for survivors."
Pee,Fire Marshal,[on the phone with someone] I said keep the media out! If the public hears about this we'll have a full-scale panic on our hands! [hangs up] Damn it where is that antidote?!
Pee,Researcher 1,"[with red hair] Here! Here! We think we have it, sir! [three researchers walk into view] It's the best we could come up with in such a short time! We aren't sure of the ramifications, but it does appear to neutralize some particles of the urine."
Pee,Fire Marshal,"All right, let's test it. Bring in the monkeys! [three monkeys are wheeled in on dollies]"
Pee,Water Tester,"Let's hope to Christ this works. [each researcher takes a monkey and injects it with the antidote. Then they start pissing on the monkeys, and the monkeys protest almost immediately] No, damn it, no!"
Pee,Fire Marshal,They're still angry.
Pee,Researcher 1,This one's really angry.
Pee,Fire Marshal,"It's out of control! [quickly takes a gun from a police officer and shoots the middle monkey first, then the one on the left, then the one on the right. All of them die.] Find an antidote that works! [the researchers leave]"
Pee,Scene Description,"Stan, Jimmy, Kyle, and Butters make their way down the Mt. Everest attraction as the pee recedes."
Pee,Kyle,"Dude, why the hell aren't people coming to help us?"
Pee,Stan,I don't know. [they hear the sobs of a crying man nearby]
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Why? Why didn't Pi-Pi leesten? They tried to warn-a the Pi-Pi, but-a the Pi-Pi not-a belieeve them. [sobs some more. The boys approach him]"
Pee,Stan,Who are you?
Pee,Pi-Pi,"[stands up and faces them] Oh I, I'm so sohhry. This all-eh my fault. I should've-a shut my water park-a down when it reached-a ninety percent-a pee."
Pee,Kyle,"Yeah, well people should [looks at Stan and Butters] know that peeing in pools is [looks at Jimmy] bad!"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"But wait-a. Maybe you boys-a can help-a Pi-Pi. In-a the maintenance room-a there's the emergency release-a valve-a. If you open it, all this pee can be lowered."
Pee,Jimmy,Okay. W-where's the maintenance room?
Pee,Pi-Pi,"That is-a the problem. The maintenance room is a way down on the basement-a level. I would do it but-a Pi-Pi is-a no good at-a swimming. Somebody will have to dive-a down into the pee, then stay there to turn the release-a wheel. So, who can hold their breath-a the longest? [Stan, Butters and Jimmy all look at Kyle, who looks back at them]"
Pee,Kyle,[spreads his arms in refusal] NO!
Pee,Butters,"You said you could hold your breath the longest, Kyle."
Pee,Kyle,Not in pee!
Pee,Pi-Pi,"[grabs Kyle by the left wrist and pulls him away from his friends] Please-a you have to hurry! [lets go] I'll draw you-a the map, and instructions how to shut off-a the valve-a. It'll be as easy as-a peeing in the shower."
Pee,Kyle,[looks back at the other boys] Oh who pees in the shower?!
Pee,Stan,"...Well, it's not like if you suddenly have to pee, you're gonna get out of the shower."
Pee,Butters,"Well yeah, seeing all that running water always makes me need to pee."
Pee,Kyle,"You don't pee in the shower, dude. That's fucking disgusting!"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Boys-a please-a, we've got to get this-a boy to the drainage-a valve-a or we're all-a gonna die!"
Pee,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
Pee,Scene Description,Adrift in the Floom Zoom on Pi Pi Lake. Cartman whips out his memo pad and starts writing again.
Pee,Cartman,"It has been many, many hours since the Apocalypse, and all I keep thinking is ""Why me? Why am I the only one of my race God chose to survive in this minority-run world?"" When the smoke has cleared I'm sure the minorities will start rebuilding, building the world... in their way. I can see it now. Nooo... [imagines himself in class with a bunch of non-white students]"
Pee,Teacher,"[A black man] All right, Eric Cartman, let's hear your book report."
Pee,Cartman,"I read Treasure Island, because I was so happy when I saw that movie."
Pee,Teacher,Hey! You're living in a minority-speaking country now! Say it right!
Pee,Cartman,...because I was so happy when I seen that movie.
Pee,Teacher,Good.
Pee,Cartman,Noooo... [now imagines himself at a job interview] Trying to find a job will be even harder.
Pee,Señor Lopez,"You don't expect to make the same amount of money that minorities make, do ya?"
Pee,Cartman,"Well, I do just as much work."
Pee,Señor Lopez,[laughs] You're trash around here. You'll never make as much as a minority.
Pee,Cartman,Noooo... [now imagines himself at an open council meeting] Eventually the minorities will do away with me altogether.
Pee,Councilman,All those in favor of putting white people in camps?
Pee,Audience,Aye!
Pee,Councilman,All those opposed?
Pee,Cartman,Noooo...
Pee,Councilman,The minorities win! [Cartman comes out of his daydream]
Pee,Cartman,"[throws down his pad and pen and stands up] NO! No I don't wanna live in your world, do you understand?! Your world is cold and devoid of any humanity! Just kill me! Kill me now! DO IT! [turns away and squeezes his eyes shut.]"
Pee,Scene Description,The Mt. Everest attraction. Pi-Pi prepares Kyle for the descent to the basement. Kyle holds a piece of white paper and an index card.
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Okay, there. We are almost-a ready for the diving-a. Now if you run into any da problems you just tug-a three times on the cable and the Pi-Pi will-a pull you back-a to the surface."
Pee,Kyle,Let's just get this over with!
Pee,Pi-Pi,You've got-a the map and-a Pi-Pi's instructions?
Pee,Kyle,Yes.
Pee,Pi-Pi,Good-a. Now just one last thing. [takes a glass jar sitting next to him and scoops some pee into it] You need to drink-a some pee.
Pee,Kyle,What?!
Pee,Pi-Pi,You just need to drink about-a three cups of pee.
Pee,Kyle,Why?!
Pee,Pi-Pi,"You swim-a down deep in the pee, you get-a the pressure, the bendza. You have to fill-a inside your body with some-a pee to compensate."
Pee,Stan,"That's true dude, didn't you see The Abyss?"
Pee,Kyle,"[drops the papers on the ground] I am not, NOT, d-rinking pee!"
Pee,Pi-Pi,"But only you can hold-a the breath a long time, just swim down and-a release the valve! If-eh you don't you get-a the benza, then you fail and we all-a die!"
Pee,Stan,"Just drink the pee, Kyle."
Pee,Butters,"Please, Kyle, I wanna go home."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"What's-a the problem? When-a you pee either in the toilet or in the shower it all goes to the sewer. The sewer all goes-a to the ocean, the ocean is the water we all drink, we are always drinking-a the pee!"
Pee,Kyle,That doesn't make me feel better! I wouldn't even be able to keep it down.
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Sure you will, you drank only pee for nine months when you lived-a in your mother's belly."
Pee,Kyle,No!
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot, afternoon."
Pee,Water Tester,"Make way! Make way! I need to speak to the fire marshal! Sir! Sir, I just got off the phone with my colleagues at the university! They've also been testing antidotes on monkeys! They're claiming that they've had success using simple Musa acuminata."
Pee,Researcher 2,"[balding, with gray hair] Wait, you mean a banana."
Pee,Water Tester,Yes.
Pee,Fire Marshal,"Is it possible... the antidote is something as simple as a banana? Get another monkey! [another monkey is brought forth strapped to a dolly] All right, Connors. [Officer connors offers a banana to the monkey, who takes a bite of it after a few seconds. A researcher steps up and starts peeing on the monkey. The monkey doesn't mind it, but just takes another bite of the banana.]"
Pee,Fireman 2,"Holy God, it works!"
Pee,Police Captain,"All right, let's start moving in, everyone! Check the-"
Pee,Water Tester,"Hold on, ih it is a promising lead, but this antidote hasn't yet been tested on a human."
Pee,Randy,"I'll do it. [the officers and firefighters make way for Randy.] You can test the antidote on me. [two researchers take Randy and sit him down in the dolly, then strap him in.]"
Pee,Fire Marshal,[walks up to Randy] You sure you want to do this?
Pee,Randy,"Give me the banana. [the balding researcher walks to him and gives him the banana. Randy takes a bite. The fire marshal unzips his pants and starts peeing on Randy's face.] Ugh. Awgh. Aaagh! Awwwwgh! Awwgh, wagh. [tries his best to keep his cool, but shakes his head] Aww, ooogh, Aaaaaaaah."
Pee,Researcher 3,He looks agitated...
Pee,Randy,"Aaaaaahhh. Aw, awww."
Pee,Fire Marshal,"He's losin' it! Stevens, your gun! [Stevens moves to hand his gun to the fire marshal]"
Pee,Randy,"No, wait, wait! Ugh. Eugh. I... I'm okay."
Pee,Water Tester,He's all right!
Pee,Fireman 3,The banana worked!
Pee,Scene Description,"The Mt. Everest attraction. Kyle is still up top holding the glass of pee, not daring to drink it."
Pee,Stan,"Come on, dude!"
Pee,Kyle,I'm thinking about it!
Pee,Jimmy,"Well it's probably bu-better if you don't think about it, Kyle."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"There's no more time-a. You have to drink-a the pee NOW! [Kyle begins to drink it, then stops]"
Pee,Kyle,"Gah, ah. [swallows once more] Gaagh."
Pee,Pi-Pi,"Come on, you have to drink aaall-a the peeeee."
Pee,Butters,"You can do it, Kyle!"
Pee,Kyle,Aaahh. Well- [gulps down the rest of the glass and throws the glass away] AAAAH! [the glass breaks on a boulder off screen]
Pee,Pi-Pi,"All right, now you can open the release-a valve. Okay, so let's-a- [some helicopters are heard approaching]"
Pee,Butters,[points to them] Hey look! [the helicopters are shown. Randy looks out from one of them]
Pee,Randy,[waving a small red shoe] Stan! [steps aside so the firefighters can drop down a rope ladder]
Pee,Stan,"All right, they finally came for us. [he, Butters and Jimmy have wide smiles]"
Pee,Kyle,[pissed off] ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?! [more rope ladders drop down from the other helicopters as the rescuers cheer]
Pee,Scene Description,"Pi Pi's Splashtown parking lot, afternoon. Paramedics check out the survivors. The camera pans right to show Randy walking with Kyle, Stan, Jimmy, and Butters."
Pee,Randy,"[stops] Wait here a minute, Stan, I'm gonna call your mother. [walks away]"
Pee,Cartman,Guys? Guys! [walks into view and hugs Stan] Oh it's true! You all did survive!
Pee,Butters,"Hawww, you lived?"
Pee,Cartman,"Oh my God, you guys! I really thought I was the only non-minority on Earth! How many of our species survived?"
Pee,Kyle,"That wasn't the Mayan apocalypse, you racist idiot."
Pee,Cartman,"It wasn't? So then, you mean... we do have until 2012. Well, it may be only three years, but... I intend to live those precious years to the fullest!"
Pee,Kyle,Will somebody just get me to a hospital? I need to get my stomach pumped!
Pee,Stan,"Aw come on. It was just a little pee, Kyle."
Pee,Kyle,"Goddamnit, don't you get it?! I hate pee! I'm grossed out by pee! The only thing I find more disgusting than pee is bananas!"
Pee,Water Tester,"All right everyone, quick! Here you go!"
Pee,Butters,What's this?
Pee,Fire Marshal,You all need to eat your banana immediately!
Pee,Kyle,What the hell for?!
Pee,Stevens,[cocks his gun and aims at Kyle] Eat the banana or we have to put you down!
Pee,Kyle,[frustrated] AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Windermere Florida, Thanksgiving night, 2009, 2:15 am. There's fighting inside a mansion as a couple screams at each other"
Sexual Healing,Man,"Put it down, you bitch!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Mansion, inside. The camera is focused on the dining room table and slowly pulls back. A golf club strikes a dirty dish and smashes it apart"
Sexual Healing,Man,"Put the golf club down, you crazy bitch! [it's Tiger Woods, cowering behind a chair]"
Sexual Healing,Woman,"[smashes some more dishes] You motherfucker! I never should have married you! [Elin, with a bad Swedish accent]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"You're overreacting, you stupid Swedish cow!"
Sexual Healing,Elin,Then why-a the fuck are you getting a text-a message from some-a low-life-a hooker on Thanksgiving?!
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"God, shut up! [runs out of the dining room] Shut! Up! [enters his den and starts rummaging through a drawer] Where are my fucking pills?! [finds them, takes a bunch, and swallows them]"
Sexual Healing,Elin,"Oh yeah! Take more vitamins, Tiger! That'll help!!"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,Will you just listen to me?!
Sexual Healing,Elin,"Listen to this-a! [runs up to him and whacks him across the face as he turns to face her, leaving a bleeding gash across his right cheek]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,[winces] Aaaah! [looks at her] You fucking whore!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Outside the front door. Tiger leaves the house and goes to his SUV, wiping himself clean. Elin follows him to the front door"
Sexual Healing,Elin,Oh where the fuck do ya think-a you're going?!
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"I'm getting the fuck away from you! [opens the drivers' side door and gets in the SUV. Elin approaches that door with the club. Tiger starts the engine, and Elin starts swinging at the left rear door]"
Sexual Healing,Elin,"Open the door, you motherfucker! [Tiger peels away]"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,A videogame store. Cartman and Kenny are playing a golf game featuring Tiger and Elin. The preceding scenes were from that game
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"[playing as Tiger] Ooo yeah, take that from me in the car, Kenny! [Stan and Kyle walk into the store and spot the other two boys]"
Sexual Healing,Stan,What are you guys doing?
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, check it out! It's EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour '11 for Xbox. [onscreen, Elin is chasing the SUV and leaving cracks in the rear windows with each swing of the club]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"D'Aaaah! Fuck you, cunt!"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Stop breaking through the window, Kenny! Whoa, I'm gonna crash I'm gonna crash! [Cartman loses control of the SUV, which hits a fire hydrant, then a tree. Elin catches up to the SUV as Tiger opens the door and staggers out, a bit dazed. The radiator is letting out steam]"
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"Aw, look what you did, you crazy bitch!"
Sexual Healing,Elin,"It serves you right, you cheating turd! [swings at him and misses]"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Oh dude, was that a combo move?"
Sexual Healing,Kenny,"(Yeah dude, I fucked you up.)"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, here come the cops! We've gotta lie to them. Hit X to lie."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Wow, I didn't know golf games were this cool."
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Yeah dude, EA Sports outdid themselves this time."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,Center for Disease Control and Prevention - the CDC - day. A table full of experts and doctors is assembled on the top floor
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"I've gathered you together here because you are the best minds our country has to offer. As you've all seen on the news, our country is facing a major crisis, and we need to find out what's causing it. [the men glance at each other] Why? Why are rich successful men suddenly going out and trying to have sex with lots of women?"
Sexual Healing,Expert 1,"[with mustache and black coat] Tiger Woods was only the most prevalent, but our data shows that the numbers are growing. David Letterman and before that, Bill Clinton. There's a pattern here, people."
Sexual Healing,Expert 2,"[with mustache and midnight blue coat] Why would a man who's famous and makes tons of money use that and have sex with lots of different women? [glances at the woman to his left, then looks ahead again]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"[stands up] Aand these rich celebrities have perfectly good wives at home. Why would they even think of sex with others? Dammit! [pounds the table with his right fist, but manages only a soft blow] I want answers!"
Sexual Healing,Expert 3,"[balding, with lab coat] We believe that it may be an outbreak of sex addiction, sir."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,[sits down] Sex awhowho?
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"[glasses and lab coat] It's a new phenomena we don't completely understand yet, but it... seems to make people... different. Of course, we all know the normal healthy male thinks only of sex occasionally and has no desire for sex with multiple partners. [the other men murmur in agreement]"
Sexual Healing,Expert 5,Definitely true.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Yes, we all know that, go on."
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"But in the sex addict, their entire lives are consumed with thoughts of wanting more and more. The mere sight of an attractive woman could... can make them think about sex with her."
Sexual Healing,Expert 6,[with fat cheeks] But what about love? How could tons of fame and money make you forget about love? [looks at the woman to his right]
Sexual Healing,Chairman,What could be causing this outbreak of sexual addiction?
Sexual Healing,Expert 7,"[black] It could be caused by something in the water supply. Uh, perhaps even by - global warming."
Sexual Healing,Expert 8,[Japanese ancestry] Or cooling.
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,Yes
Sexual Healing,Expert 7,"If.so, then the disease could start to affect our children"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,That does it! [pounds the table softly] I want health screening at all our nation's schools! We need to find out if any young people might be carrying this disease.
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, 4th Grade classroom. A researcher stands before the class with a clipboard"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Good afternoon, students. We are going to be a doing a health screening today. It won't take long, it'll be relatively painless, but we need to see if any students are showing... symptoms. [to his left is a cart with two beakers, a tray, and a picture resting against the legs] I'n a moment, I'm going to show you a suggestive picture. [puts the tray on the middle shelf of the cart and picks up the picture] And then I'm going to ask you a question about that picture. Alright, ready? Here we go. [turns the picture around and a naked couple appears, caressing. The class gasps]"
Sexual Healing,The class,Oh! Wow. Ohhh.
Sexual Healing,Kenny,[cheering] (Woo hoo!)
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Jesus, dude."
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Holy moly, what's that between the lady's legs? It's all bushy."
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Please just study the picture the best you can, students. I'll then ask you the question which you'll answer on the paper provided."
Sexual Healing,Butters,[pointing] I've never seen that part of a lady! Do they all got a hedge like that? Do they??
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Okay, very good. [sets the picture down against the cart again] Now, what color... was the handkerchief in the nice lady's hand? Write down your answer, please: what color was the handkerchief... in the nice lady's hand?"
Sexual Healing,Butters,[to Clyde] Did you see that bush on that lady?? What the heck was that??
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Very good, turn your answers over please. [the students turn their sheets over]"
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Gee whiz, it was like almost up to her belly button!"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Alright, now, who answered that the handkerchief was... yellow? [most of the kids raise their hands] Very good, very good indeed. Now I'd like to see who answered ""What handkerchief?"" [Kenny is the first to raise his hand. Kyle is nervous and looks around, but then raises his left hand. Butters looks over at them and then raises his left hand] A-ha! You three boys, please come with me. [heads for the door as Kyle, Kenny, and Butters leave their seats]"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"I didn't see a handkerchief. Did you see a handkerchief, Kenny?"
Sexual Healing,Kenny,"(Fuck no, I wasn't looking at a handkerchief!)"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"a small unused office at school. The researcher takes the boys into the office, has them sit at a table, and sits opposite them"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"I'm sorry boys, but I'm afraid you three have tested positive for sex addiction."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,What?!
Sexual Healing,Butters,Oh no!
Sexual Healing,Kenny,[annoyed] (Who fuckin' cares?)
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"We're gonna have to send you home, I'm afraid."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Wait, we're sex addicts? Uh-are you sure?"
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"Our nice-lady-with-the-handkerchief test is extremely comprehensive and thorough. I'm sorry, but you're simply too dangerous to have around normal, well-adjusted students."
Sexual Healing,Butters,It was just... so big and bushy sir. Why does it look like that?
Sexual Healing,Kyle,So what happens to us now?
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"[sighs and rises from his chair, walking off] A life of desperation and anguish, I'm afraid. Your addiction will start off slowly - magazines, Internet sites - but then, as you keep chasing your high your tastes will get more and more dangerous. Most likely you'll end up going the way of David Carradine and Michael Hutchence: autoerotic asphyxiation."
Sexual Healing,Kenny,(Autoerotic asphyxiation? What's that?)
Sexual Healing,Expert 9,"I don't want to go into too much detail but... you choke yourself with a belt around your neck while masturbating dressed up like Batman or something, then you pass out from lack of air and apparently it makes your orgasm super awesome."
Sexual Healing,Kenny,(Really??)
Sexual Healing,Butters,Oh no. I don't wanna have to buy a Batman costume.
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"CDC Headquarters, day. The chairman and his board address the public"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Ladies and gentlemen, for the past several days we've been screening our nation's schools for signs of sex addiction. The results of our tests are troubling to say the least. Dr. Tonton?"
Sexual Healing,Dr. Tonton,"[expert 9, as it turns out. He heads to a chart] In fourth graders, five percent of male students were found to be sex addicts. By sixth grade the number goes up to thirty percent. At high schools, nearly ninety-one percent of male students answered, ""What handkerchief?"""
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"We're facing a sex addiction epidemic in our country. Young people all over America are infected, and at extreme risk to themselves and to the people around them. [Kyle watches this on TV from his bed] They're leading lives of secret pain."
Sexual Healing,Reporter 1,And so these infected boys will soon be secretly wishing they could be having sex all the time with lots of different people?
Sexual Healing,Chairman,It appears so.
Sexual Healing,Reporter 1,The poor bastards!
Sexual Healing,Reporter 2,But what about us normal healthy adults? Are we at risk of exposure?
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"We don't believe so. In adult males, for whatever reason, sex addiction only seems to be problematic amongst rich successful celebrities. [Randy watches this on TV from bed. Sharon is beside him reading a book instead] However, we are still collecting data, and all-"
Sexual Healing,Randy,Why would wealth and success cause a man to go out and have sex with everyone he could?
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"-answers which we all desire. [next scene is the McCormick living room] Whatever is causing this outbreak, we guarantee we will find it! [Mrs. McCormick comes out with a pizza]"
Sexual Healing,Mrs. McCormick,"Kenny, it's time for dinner! [goes upstairs to Kenny's room and looks inside] Kenny? [turns around and gasps. Kenny had hanged himself from his closet door with a belt while dressed in a Batman suit and masturbating to a magazine. His left hand is tucked inside the tights, around the genitals] AAAA!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Kenny's funeral, day."
Sexual Healing,Priest,"Sunset and Evening Star, and one clear call for me, and may their be no moaning of the bar when I put out to sea."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Oh God, it's true."
Sexual Healing,Priest,"But such a tide as moving seems asleep, too full for sound and foam, when that which drew from out the boundless deep t-"
Sexual Healing,Butters,"There! It was like that! It looked just like that! [stands on his chair and points to a bush, then walks over to it] Just like this, buh, but smaller, and right in the place where her underwear should've been. If I trim it down, it'll look right.."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"[reaching him] Butters! Butters, stop it!"
Sexual Healing,Butters,[fights Kyle off] But this is what I keep seeing in my head!
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"[pulls him away from the bush] Butters, we are sick! Don't you get it?! We're gonna end up just like Kenny!"
Sexual Healing,Butters,"[fights Kyle off again] No, uh, if I can just see it again, I, I'll be fine."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"No! Butters, stop! [slaps him]"
Sexual Healing,Butters,Haah! Leave me alone! [reaches for the bush again]
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Stop it! Stop! [pulls him back and flings him to the ground. They fight for a few seconds, then break down and cry out] Oh God! Oh God, help us!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour '11. Tiger is about to tee off.
Sexual Healing,Commentator,Tiger... lines up his drive. He'll be hoping for a birdie here. Concentration is key.
Sexual Healing,Elin,[runs into the scene from screen right with her own golf club] You motherfucker! I never should have married you! [starts hitting him with it]
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"Aaagh! Goddamnit, stop it! [blocks her club with his, as in a sword fight, and now they trade blows]"
Sexual Healing,Elin,How many women did you fuck-a?! How many?!
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Aw dude, I clocked you!"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"I told you this game was sweet, dude."
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Hang on, hang on, I'm switching to a 7-iron. [Elin gets a new club and her swings get faster]"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Oh! O-oh! Oh man, I lost another endorsement! How'd you do that?"
Sexual Healing,Stan,Hit A and X together.
Sexual Healing,Announcer,Round 2. Fight!! [Tiger and Elin face off again and start swinging]
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Oh, you're going down, Elin!"
Sexual Healing,Stan,"I don't think so dude, I got the pre-nup power-up."
Sexual Healing,Announcer,Pre-nup power-up. [a pre-nuptial agreement appears onscreen and then flies off. Elin swings and Tiger a few more times and he's on the grass on his back]
Sexual Healing,Cartman,Oh no! [Elin continues beating up Tiger] Pre-nup? Weak. When'd you get that power-up?
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Karne Institute for Sexual Addiction, day. ""A New Tomorrow, Yesterday."""
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"All right, sex addicts. What other destructive behaviors that we engaged in that led to our ultimate downfall? [on the dry-erase board are three examples: ""Sex Shop Visits, Sex With Hookers, Going To Strip Clubs""] Anyone have another example? Let's see, how about... David!"
Sexual Healing,David Letterman,"Haha, Oh, ahh, having sex with employees."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"[writing on the board] ""Sex with employees."" Definitely a danger there. What else? Uh, Mr. Clinton."
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,Putting cigars in girls' vaginas?
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Very good, Billy. [writing on the board] ""cigars in vaginas."" Not the best idea there."
Sexual Healing,Charlie Sheen,Watching Internet porn all day every day?
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Spot on, Charlie Sheen! Excessive [writing on the board] ""Internet porn."" Now, the reason we are making this list is that we have new members today. I want you all to welcome Kyle and Bummers. The men all turn to look at the boys, who are seated in the last row."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,Hello?
Sexual Healing,The men,"Hey Kyle, hi Kyle."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"And would you care to share your stories with us, boys?"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Well, I just found out I'm a sex addict. I'm so scared, I haven't even told my mom yet."
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,Does your mom have big tits?
Sexual Healing,Therapist,Billy!
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,[sheepishly] Sorry...
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Me, I just... Well I just can't stop thinking about bush."
Sexual Healing,Ben Roethlisberger,I heard that.
Sexual Healing,Butters,"I mean it's like, what is it? What does it mean? Why would there be a bush right there? Is it a live bush? Are there berries?"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Mr. Duchovny, please stop jerking off!"
Sexual Healing,David Duchovny,"[stops] Aw, gee whiz!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"CDC labs, day."
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"To better understand the sex addiction outbreak, we've been running tests on chimpanzees. [an enclosure full of chimps is shown] You can see that this entire community of specimens are getting along normally, some pairing off, others on their own, but now see this chimp here. [a chimp is shown sitting peacefully scratching himself here and there] An average adult normal male blending in seamlessly with the others. Now watch. We're going to give it a lot of money. [presses a button and speaks into a mic] Go ahead. [two researchers walk into the enclosure and dump lots of dollar bills on the peaceful chimp and walk out. The chimp looks at the money and starts getting excited. He stands up and grins widely, then walks around with dollars bills in his hands. He walks up to a chimp with a baby chimp in her hands and bangs her from behind. She lets the baby go. The male chimp moves on to the next female and bangs her face to face, then he moves to the third female and bangs her from behind. ]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,My God...
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"Yes... [the chimp goes on to bang two other females and an angry chimp is heard in the background. She comes out in curlers, robe, and slippers, and wields a rolling pin. She approaches the male chimp and beats him up with the rolling pin, then walks away as he writhes on the ground. The other chimps hoot and holler, and one of them throws feces at him] The subject is now isolated and shunned."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Incredible. And, and what's it doing now?"
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,Making a public apology on its talk show. [and so it is]
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Karne Institute for Sexual Addiction, day."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Alrighty. Now, we all know the destructive behaviors that got us into this predicament, don't we? What is the main thing we've all learned to avoid? [Tiger raises his hand] Yes, Tiger?"
Sexual Healing,Tiger Woods,Avoid drugs? And alcohol?
Sexual Healing,The other men,Auugh!
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"No, no, Tiger, you still aren't getting it. [Kyle has a memo pad and pen, Butters is trimming a small bonsai tree] In order to make sure we are no longer destroying our lives with any of these behaviors, we must avoid... anyone? Avoid getting... anyone?"
Sexual Healing,Michael Douglas,Caught.
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Yes, Michael Douglas! Everyone!"
Sexual Healing,The Men,Getting caught.
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Very good! You are all here in therapy [draws a big circle around the destructive behaviors and writes ""CAUGHT"" over them] because you got caught! So how do we avoid getting caught? Ben Rothlisberger?"
Sexual Healing,Ben Rothlisberger,Don't screw girls in the public bathrooms?
Sexual Healing,David Letterman,"When they uh ask you for money, pay them."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Good, yes!"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Whoa, hang on! We shouldn't be learning how not to get caught. We have to take responsibility for our actions. [Butters stops trimming the tree, the men all look at Kyle]"
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,[breaks the silence] What the fuck are you talkin' about?
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Well, ah I mean, we have to accept that we have a problem, and put the blame completely on ourselves. I mean, maybe this isn't really even a disease. [the therapist turns around and walks away from the group, then places a call]"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Yeah, it's me. We've got a turd in the punch bowl. I repeat, we have a turd in the punch bowl."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"The White House, Oval Office, day. The chairman of the CDC and a researcher are talking to President Obama"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Mr. President, in every test the results were the same. The monkeys who were given cash always acted out their sexual addiction to dangerous levels. It appears that money has a direct effect on the virus's ability to develop."
Sexual Healing,Obama,So we must keep our nation's youth away from money and success.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"No good, Mr. President. Because we've learned that sex addicts will find ways to make money and become successful in order to feed their addiction."
Sexual Healing,Obama,You mean boys will start working towards being rich and successful just so they can one day have sex with lots of women??
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Yes. That's why we decided to look at the cash itself for clues! We tried to find something in the hundred dollar bill that could explain why this is happening now. Then we looked at the backside, and found this. [points to the picture of Independence Hall on the back of the bill] Independence Hall."
Sexual Healing,Obama,The birthplace of our country.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,We believe something is happening in Independence Hall that gives money its power over men.
Sexual Healing,Obama,"Independence Hall... Independence Day... Aliens... Gentlemen, I might know what's causing the sex addiction outbreak. This is highly classified, but... in 1947 a flying saucer was discovered in Roswell, New Mexico. Two deceased alien bodies were recovered and hidden from public knowledge. They carried... a virus with them. A virus that only barely stopped from spreading all over the country."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,And you think that these aliens... could be back with a new virus? One originating from Independence Hall causing rich successful men to have sex with lots of women?!
Sexual Healing,Obama,"[seriously] It's the only explanation that makes any sense. [glances at Michelle, who doesn't react, then looks at the chairman again]"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Tiger Woods' press conference. ""I WAS UNFAITHFUL, HAD AFFAIRS, AND I CHEATED."""
Sexual Healing,Tiger,I want to say that I am deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I know that I have severely disappointed all of you. Some have speculated that my wife somehow hurt or attacked me on Thanksgiving Night. It angers me that people would fabricate a story like that. She has shown nothing but grace and poise-
Sexual Healing,Elin,[off-stage] You motherfucker!
Sexual Healing,Tiger,Oh no!
Sexual Healing,Elin,I should have never married [jumps out from behind the curtain and whacks him with a golf club] youuu! [continues whacking him]
Sexual Healing,Tiger,Agh! Stop it!
Sexual Healing,Elin,A porn star?! You screwed a porn star?! [the camera pulls back to reveal the video game the boys were playing earlier]
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, you found another girl's phone number on my cell phone??"
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Yeah, back in that water level. [looks over at the front door, then back at the game] Is Kyle still at sex-addiction therapy? That must be really intense."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,A military helicopter in the night sky. Kyle and Butters are with the other addicts
Sexual Healing,Kyle,"Okay so, what exactly are we doing now?"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,[sighs heavily] We are on our way to help take of your diseases once and for all!
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Oh good, 'cause I really can't take it anymore."
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"Don't worry, as soon as it's dead everything will make sense."
Sexual Healing,Kyle,...As soon as what's dead? [the men groan]
Sexual Healing,Therapist,The infected alien that they just discovered is hiding out at Independence Hall!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Independence Hall, night. Police, SWAT, and firefighters swarm the grounds and police barricades are put up. The front doors blow off their hinges and the SWAT team moves in."
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 1,"Entrance is clear, Mr. President. [Obama leads the chairman and other CDD officials into the front room of the building]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Mr. President, you aren't safe here. Let us handle this."
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 2,Right side clear!
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,We must be careful. The alien could have cast some kind of spell of invisibility.
Sexual Healing,Obama,[softly] Which would mean that the alien is also a wizard.
Sexual Healing,Expert 10,"Yes! It explains everything! A wizard alien would be able to cast a spell on our species, causing all the men to become sex addicts."
Sexual Healing,Obama,Enough! We need to find the wizard alien and break his spell.
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 2,"[chuckles] Okay okay alright alright, hang, hang on guys. I mean, come on, this is getting a little ridiculous. Wizard aliens? We all know what's going on here, don't we? Whenever a story breaks about some rich famous guy going around and having sex with tons of girls, we all wanna act like we don't understand it, but we do. We're guys, you know? Our brains are wired to strive to be the alpha male and get all the women we can. [walks into an open area in the room] I mean, look where we are. Even, even Benjamin Franklin screwed everything that moved. Because he could. We don't have to condone what these rich, famous people do, but... we can at least admit that, given the same temptations and opportunities that somebody like Tiger Woods has, a lot of us guys might do somethin' similar. [Obama thinks this over...]"
Sexual Healing,Obama,[speaks into a mic strapped to his wrist] We have a turd in the punch bowl.
Sexual Healing,Secret Service Agent,Turd in the punch bowl. [the other SWAT members close in on him]
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 2,"Hey, what are you doin- No. No, come on. [and take him away] Where are you takin' me?"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,News 4 news break. A reporter and camera are outside Independence Hall
Sexual Healing,News 4 Reporter,"Ten city blocks have been shut down because an alien is believed to have taken refuge here in Independence Hall. By all accounts, the alien is also a wizard, who could very easily be the cause of the outbreak of sex addiction in our country. [everyone in the Hall is moving around cautiously, with flashlights on.]"
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 3,"[voice only] Mr. President, here they are. [all flashlights point towards the source of the voice. The SWAT officers make way for the therapist, Kyle, and Butters]"
Sexual Healing,Therapist,"This is the boy I told you about. And his friend, Bummers."
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Son, we were told that you think sex addiction can be controlled. That it just takes restraint. Is that true?"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,I just think I'd rather... control it instead of blame it on anything.
Sexual Healing,Chairman,A-mazing. Then the wizard alien spell might not have any power over him! He could draw the bastard out!
Sexual Healing,Obama,"Quick, give that boy a gun! [a SWAT officer gives him a rifle]"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,What?
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 3,You'd better take one too. [gives Butters a rifle]
Sexual Healing,Obama,"Alright, everyone to the stairwell. The bastard's gotta be upstairs. [moves towards the stairs as well]"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,What bastard?
Sexual Healing,Obama,"[looks back at Kyle] The alien wizard hiding out here! Come on, we've got tuh- [a muffled voice is heard]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,[on the stairs] The hell was that?
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 4,"I got a baaad feelin' about this. [behind Kyle and Butters, a door opens and the kidnapped SWAT officer stumbles out with his hands tied in front of him and holding a wand, wearing a huge green mascot head of an alien with ogre ears, a white beard, and a wizard's hat.]"
Sexual Healing,Dr. Tonton,Oh my God there it is!
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"It's the alien wizard! It's gonna get you boys! Shoot it! [a strobe light flickers on and off, blinding the bound SWAT officer, who stumbles around trying to free himself]"
Sexual Healing,Obama,Shoot it boys!
Sexual Healing,Expert 6,You have to shoot it! [Kyle fires a shot]
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"Shoot it again, it's still alive! [Butters fires a shot]"
Sexual Healing,SWAT Officer 5,You gotta reload! [the boys reload slowly]
Sexual Healing,Expert 4,"Keep firing, boys! Shoot it in the heart! [Kyle fires a shot]"
Sexual Healing,Obama,Keep shooting it!
Sexual Healing,Expert 11,"Shoot him in his blabber mouth! [Kyle fires again, then Butters fires a shot, and the SWAT officer falls to the floor dead. The strobe light keeps flashing just in case]"
Sexual Healing,Chairman,"My God, they've done it!"
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,Outside Independence Hall. The sex addicts dance around and moan gleefully
Sexual Healing,Bill Clinton,Look! The sex addiction! It's leavin' my body!
Sexual Healing,David Letterman,I can feel it! I'm free!
Sexual Healing,Another addict,We are healed!
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"The White House, day. President Obama addresses the nation from the South Lawn. ""Sexual Healing"" plays in the background"
Sexual Healing,Obama,"We watched... as sex addiction ran rampant through our country. It devastated families. But once again, our great country has risen up as one. The wizard alien... is dead. Sex addiction is no more. And if a rich celebrity is caught again trying to screw lots of women, we will know it isn't because men are just like that, it's because a wizard alien has cast his mighty spell. [the crowd on the lawn jumps up and cheers]"
Sexual Healing,Randy,"[watching this on TV in the bedroom] Oh I'm so glad it's over, Sharon. Aren't you? [Sharon isn't paying any attention, preferring to read a book]"
Sexual Healing,News 4 Reporter,"We are now with the young boys who helped stop the alien. Boys, how does it feel to be free of your illness?"
Sexual Healing,Kyle,[unsure] I guess it... feels great. Thanks. [Butters looks pissed off]
Sexual Healing,Butters,"Yeah, it feels great! I never wanna see bush again! [swats the reporter's hand away and walks towards the camera] I finally paid a lady to show me hers. You wanna know what's under that bush? Nothin' but a pair of sick Joker lips."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,"Tiger Woods' press conference. ""I AM RETURNING TO GOLF IN 3 WEEKS."""
Sexual Healing,Tiger,"I am so happy that I am cured, and no longer have any desire to have sex with anyone but my beautiful wife. Now I can be faithful. And my wife won't feel any need to get revenge by sleeping with a bunch of guys. [she glances at him, he glances at her, she glances back at him] So I officially announce my return to golf."
Sexual Healing,Scene Description,EA Sports Tiger Woods PGA Tour '11. Tiger tees off and the audience claps approvingly. The ball reaches 350 yards. Nothing more exciting happens
Sexual Healing,Cartman,What the hell?! This game's all boring now!
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Yeah, where's all the fighting?"
Sexual Healing,Cartman,"Dude, screw this! [gets off the sofa and throws his controller to the floor, then walks away] Who wants to hit a dumb little ball around?!"
Sexual Healing,Stan,"Yeah, golf is stupid again. [gets off the sofa and tosses his controller onto the sofa, then follows Cartman out]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Fourth Grade class. The bell rings and Mr. Garrison enters with a box of books."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Okay kids, let's take our seats. [sets the box down on the desk] There has been a change in school policy, and so I'm assigning you all a book to read."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"[sarcastically, folds his arms together] Aww, books? God, I hate those!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Now, kids, this book is very controversial and has just been taken off the banned books list. [the book in question is J.D. Salinger's The Catcher In The Rye]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,Oh really? Sweet.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"It's called The Catcher In The Rye, and it has some very... risqué parts... [begins handing out the books individually]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,All right!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,...and strong vulgar language...
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"(Awesome, dude!)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,...and in fact many schools across the country still ban this book because it's thought to be so inappropriate.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Oho man, I can't wait!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Tonight I want you to read chapters one through five, and tomorrow we'll discuss the-"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"No on, come on, let's read it now!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Mr. Garrison, didn't the guy who shot John Lennon say it was because of this book?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"Uh-yes, apparently John Lennon's killer said he was inspired by The Catcher In The Rye, but he was just a kook! [jabs his left index finger at the floor]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Whoa, you're telling us this book is filthy, inappropriate, and made a guy shoot the king of hippies? Can we please read this right now?!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Garrison,"You will read it at home, [jabs his left index finger at the floor again, then puts his palms on his hips] and you will all be mature about its adult themes and language!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Class,Awww!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, that afternoon. Kyle is reading at his desk, Stan is on the floor next to Kyle's bed reading. Kyle is almost finished with the book while Stan is halfway through it."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,Did you get to any dirty parts yet?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"No, it's still just some whiny, annoying teenager talking about how lame he is."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"[turns the page] I don't get it dude, w-what's so controversial about this? All he's done is said ""shit"" and ""fuck"" a few times."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,I know. I'm almost at the end and there's nothing. [the door opens and a pissed-off Cartman enters and closes the door]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Motherfucker! [Kyle turns around to face him, Stan stands up and walks up to him] The whole thing! I read the whole fucking thing! I kept thinking, ""alright, I guess the cool offensive stuff must be coming,"" and then after like a hundred pages I was like ""alright, I guess all the dirty stuff is at the end,"" and then I got to the last page, and I was all ""the fuck is this?! I just read a book! For nothing!"""
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,[picks up his book] Why the hell was this book banned?!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"They fucking tricked us, that's what they did! Tricked us into reading a book by, enticing us with promises of vulgarity! [the door opens again and Kenny enters with his book]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"(Dude, what the fuck is so filthy or offensive in here?)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"We know, we were just saying that."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,Why would anyone think this book so obscene or dangerous?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, same time. He's reading the book at the kitchen table with an odd look in his eyes. He sets the book down"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Kill John Lennon... [leaves his chair and walks across the kitchen] Kill John Lennon... Kill John Lennon... [reaches into a bottom drawer and pulls out a large steak knife] Kill John Lennon! [walks by his dad's study and stops to look in] Hey dad, where does John Lennon live?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,"John Lennon's dead, Butters."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,[lowers the knife instantly] Aww. Dangit. [drops it and walks away]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Dude, some people really do consider this obscene."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"It's not obscene, dude! I'll show them fucking obscene!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Hey yeah, we should write our own banned book. [Kyle breaks into a grin]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Yeah, we could get a book banned way more than this one."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Yeah, sweet."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,(Awesome.)
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"[starts typing] The Tale of... [can't think of anything, so his smile disappears]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,The Tale of... Scrotie McDickinass.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"(No, No, Scrotie McBoogerballs)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Oh that's, [giggles] yeah that's good, that's good. Alright, chapter... one..."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"It was a... a warm spring morning. [background music plays and a montage follows. Next is the school playground where, as other kids play, Stan and the other three sit on the steps of a side entrance and continue working on their book, with Cartman taking notes Next is Stan's room where Stan is typing the next part of the book. The boys are having fun with the writing. Next scene is in Cartman's room where Cartman is again writing the story down. Kyle has brought Ike over for company. Finally, a few days later, Sharon enters Stan's room to put away his clean clothes. She puts away some underwear, but notices something in the drawer. Under Stan's shirts is the manuscript to the story the boys have been working on. Sharon reaches for it.]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Stan's room, day. Sharon grabs the manuscript and begins reading it"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"""The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs""? [goes to the first page] ""It was a warm summer morning when Scrotie McBoogerballs awoke to find his""... [reads silently] Ew. ""He took a..."" [stunned] What? Oh. OH! Oh my God! ""He then grabbed his dog's"" [stifles a gag but can't hold it in, and barfs] Ehohoh, oh my God! ""Walking out of his house he spotted the bloodiest pus-covered"" [tries not to barf again, but can't hold it in] Nooo! Nooo! [reads some more, but then coughs, then barfs] Noho! Nooo! [Sharon then falls unconscious and rolls on her back]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"The Marsh kitchen, downstairs. Sharon races down with the manuscript..."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Randy? [spots him working on a small wooden ship and runs in] Randy! Randy, you need to read this!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,Read what?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,This book! Our son and his friends wrote it!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,So?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Soo? Randy, it's, it's, it's really good!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,Huh?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"I mean it's disgusting. [hands the manuscript over to him] It's, it's the most disgusting thing I've ever read, but, the plot is amazing. And the characters are so... vivid!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"""It was a warm summer morning when Scrotie McBoogerballs awoke to find hi-"" Ew, Sharon, gross!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Nono, just keep reading."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"""He took a- and then-"" Oh, man. Oh, this- [turns to his left and barfs on the floor. Sharon turns away and shields herself]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"I know. I know, Randy, but trust me. You've gotta push through to the end."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"Noo, noo, that's just WRONG!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,Randy please! You've got to listen to me!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"""Walking out of the house he found a bloody pu-"" What? ""He immediately stuck up his im...fected ba-"" [barfs again. He spends a couple hours more reading, and finally reaches the last few pages. There's a pail in front of him now, but the vomit has gone all over the place. He has a small towel in his left hand covered in vomit. His voice is now soft and beat] ""That was all long ago in some brief lost spring, in a place that is no more. In that hour the vaj frogs begin and the scent off Scrotie's infected anus becomes its strongest."" Oh... Oh, man."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,Well?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,It's... it's awesome. Sharon it's it's the best book I've ever read.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,Right? It's not just me.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"No, it's... I mean, the whole part about Amsterdam, wow!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"What do we do, Randy? We can't support our son talking like this, but I, I mean."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"NO! I kn... I know! People need to read this book, Sharon, this is... this is Pulitzer prize stuff."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day, living room. Kenny, Cartman and Kyle are playing a video game"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Hehehhh, you're dead, Kenny!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"[runs into the living room in a panic] Guys, guys! We are totally fucked! The book is gone from my dresser drawer. My parents must have found it!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,...so why are we all fucked? They'll think you wrote it all.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Hey hey! I'm not taking the heat for this alone! We all wrote it! If I'm going down, somebody has to go down with me!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Well if I'm going down, Cartman's going down!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"And if I'm going down, both Kyle and Kenny are definitely going down!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Well dude, somebody has got to go down!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's in the living room watching TV. Cartman walks in with the other three boys"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Butters, what are you up to?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,Oh hey fellas. I'm just watching the Kardashians
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kim,Today my sisters and I are gonna have to wash something. It's gonna blow!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,Kim Kardashian is sooo sexy. Her butt is like a biiig mountain of pudding.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Butters, listen: you are in big trouble!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,I am?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Yeah, you remember that book you wrote? Stan's mom found it."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,Oh no. Which book was that?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Dude, the book you left with us when you were sleepwalking last night!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,I don't even remember that. [gasps] But it all makes sense now. Ever since I read The Catcher In The Rye I've been having these... blackouts. Crazy thoughts of wanting to kill the phonies. I must have channeled all my angst into dark writings in my sleep!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. The boys and their parents are in the living room"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sharon,"Alright boys, we need to get to the bottom of this."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sheila,We've all read the book now and it is very shocking to say the least.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Okay, well... a-actually it was all written by... Butters. [Butters walks in hanging his head]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,That's right.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,Butters? Is that true?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Yeah, though I barely remember it, but I know I did."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Gerald,"Well Butters, we think... that this is one of the BEST books we've ever read."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,Huh?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,What? [the other boys can't believe it]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Gerald,"Yeah, it's really amazing."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"[brightens up] Oh, thanks."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Sheila,"We were actually so moved by your book, Butters, that we brought Mr. Needlebaum from Penguin Publishing to read it."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Needlebaum,"Mr. Butters, we would like to offer you a deal for first publishing rights to your brilliant novel."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Hey, wait a minute, that's ours!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Yeah, we wrote that!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Randy,"Ohkay boys, you already told the truth."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"No, no, w-we we really did write it. Tell them, Butters."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,I wrote that. [the adults begin to murmur amongst themselves]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,Really amazing.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,What? Hey! [Butters is pleased for once]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,A news report
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,News Anchor,"It is being called the most disgusting, foul, sickening book ever written, and it is also being called ""literary genius."" The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs hit the shelves this weekend, and so far no one has been able to get through the first paragraph without vomiting."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Frontier Books. Everyone who's buying or reading the book is vomiting after reading a few seconds of it, then back to the news report"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,News Anchor,The book has already sold millions of copies worldwide aaand has been translated into twenty six languages.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"a reading in Chinese. The book cover is shown in Chinese. Even just hearing it, the Chinese audience vomits after Scrotie McBoogerballs' name. The reader continues for a few more seconds, but has to stop to vomit into the pail next to him. The audience vomits some more, and the reader continues, After reading Jessica Parker's name, he gets off his stool and vomits into the pail some more. The audience vomits some more. Then back to the news report"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,News Anchor,"The book is changing the literary world. And it is all thanks... to Leopold ""Butters"" Stotch. [a picture of Butters in a pensive pose pops up]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The students mill around. Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, and Mr. Adler supervise the hallway"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Clyde,"Hey, here he comes!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mr. Adler,"Amazing book, Butters. [Mr. Garrison comes out of his classroom]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,Thank you! [clasps his hands together and congratulates himself as he walks down the hallway]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Mrs. Streibel,"You've changed my life, young man."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"That's nice. [waves to everyone and walks on, but runs into Stan and the boys, who are mad at him]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Butters, what the fuck do you think you're doing?!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Just enjoying myself. Why, Eric?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Butters, you know goddamned well you didn't write that book!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"But, you told me I did!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Yeah, but that was when we thought we were gonna get in trouble, asshole! [two girls rush up to Butters' aid]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Red,"Hey hey, you guys leave Butters alone! He's a very fragile artist."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Lola,He's so brooding and full of angst.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Yeah, I'm broooding."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,Butters doesn't deserve any credit for Scrotie McBoogerballs! We deserve all the credit!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Rebecca,"Oh God, you guys are pathetic!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Lola,"Yeah, get a life and stop mooching off others' success for once. [the girls leave]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,God-damnit!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Butters, do you really think it's fair to lie like this?! Let me tell you, if you don't have the-"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"No, let me tell you somethin', fellers! You always take advantage of me, and after reading The Catcher in the Rye, I've learned you're nothing but phonies! I'm not letting you trick me this time! So the four of you can just suck on my wiener!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,That inconsiderate jerk!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,The HBC logo pops up - a spoof of the NBC Peacock. What follows is an HBC News presentation
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Announcer,"Today on Today: We meet the author of the book that has swept the nation, and has now spawned TV's most popular game show, ""How Long Can You Listen To Scrotie McBoogerballs On Audiobook"" [the studio audience joins in] ""And Not Vomit?"" [a contestant is fitted with headphones and place in a soundproof booth. The front panel is a glass door so the audience can see the contestant's reaction without getting sprayed with vomit. It only takes two seconds of listening before the contestant vomits all over the door] The book is full of disgusting words and acts, including Sarah Jessica Parker, who is mentioned four hundred and sixty-five times. [a shot of Parker and her date at the Oscars] Matthew Broderick, are you upset your wife is made fun of so much in the book?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Broderick,"Well, obviously. I just think it's wrong to make fun of anybody's physical appearance. My wife is a beautiful woman and I know that most people agree with me."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Announcer,"Uh huh, and Matthew, how come a transvestite donkey witch is standing next to you, and why is it wearing a dress? [cut to a shot of the Stotch family sitting in Butters' room]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Matt Lauer,"Joining us now is the author of the book, Leopold Stotch, along with his parents."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,Hello Matt
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Linda,Hi everyone.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Matt Lauer,You must be pretty proud of your son.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,"Oh, we certainly are. We're thrilled to learn he's so very talented."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Meredith Vieira,And we also learned that your son is grounded. Is that correct?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,"Yes, we did have to ground him for the language in the novel of course."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,I have to come right to my room after school.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,But we are very very proud nonetheless.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Al Roker,"[chuckles] Young man, now that you are a respected author, have you met any famous people?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Not yet, but as soon as I'm not grounded anymore, I'm hopin' to meet Kim Kardashian. I wanna jump on her belly."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Matt Lauer,"All right, uh, yeah huh. Butters, my favorite part of your novel was when Scrotie McBoogerballs slid his head up into the horse's [jumps off his stool and tries to vomit into a pail nearby, but misses. He vomits agin and this time gets it into the pail, burps, and coughs a few times, getting the last of the vomit into the pail, and finally spits. He gets back on the stool] Sorry, I uh, was that chapter a slam on health care reform as people suggested?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Uh... yeah, pretty much, I think, think so."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Meredith Vieira,Is that why the doctor character pulls out all the strings? [begins to vomit immediately]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Al Roker,"Little boy, are you ever worried somebody might take your book wrong and try to kill someone, like when that guy tried to shoot Ronald Reagan after reading The Catcher in the Rye?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Oh, is that who the book was tellin' me to kill? Ohhh. [gets into a trance] Kill Ronald Reagan. [hops off his bed and heads for the door] Kill Ronald Reagan."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Al Roker,"Ronald Reagan is dead now, Butters."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Oh really? [goes back to his bed] Oh yeah, gosh dangit."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Assembly Hall, day. Kenny, Cartman, Kyle, Stan and Sarah Jessica Parker are giving their speeches to the school board."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"More and more of us are against this book every day! The author is cruel and offensive! And for these reasons, we demand this book be banned from all school, stores, and libraries! This book is nothing but smut and vulgarity purely for the sake of smut and vulgarity!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblyman 1,That's just because you're too young to understand the underlying themes.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,There are no underlying themes! We know that for a fact!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblyman 2,You just fail to understand what the author meant.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,The author meant to be as gross as possible because it was funny!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblyman 3,"[chuckles] No, no no, that's such a simplistic view."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,Goddamnit there is no deeper meaning in this book! Read it again!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblywoman 1,"Oh, so you're suggesting that the author just arbitrarily made fun of Sarah Jessica Parker for no reason?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,Yes!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblywoman 1,But what would be the point?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,There is no point! It's just because Sarah Jessica Parker is fuckin' ugly!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblywoman 2,No writer would take the time to make fun of Sarah Jessica Parker just because they think she's ugly.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,"Stan, Kyle, Cartman",Yes they would!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblywoman 2,It is because Miss Jessica Parker is a metaphor in the book for oppression felt by the lower class.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"What? Dude, that is not in the book at all!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblyman 2,"Boys, this book is an important look at how liberals are hurting this country."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,What?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblywoman 2,"Wait, Scrotie McBoogerballs is the most conservative-hating liberal in literature!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblyman 2,What book did you read?!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,There's nothing about liberals or conservatives!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Assemblyman 4,"Ohohh yeah, then why did Sarah Jessica Parker's butt-cheese end up in Scrotie's milkshake? [an assemblyman nearby throws up]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. A Channel 9 reporter stands across the street from it as a small crowd gathers around the front door and look up at Butters' window"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Field Reporter,"Breaking news from acclaimed author Leopold Stotch. The artist has announced that he is working on a second novel as a followup to his wildly successful bestseller. We got a statement from the writer, who is still grounded in his room. [The reporter and Butters are yelling at each other to be heard.]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Field Reporter,Can you give the public any idea what the new book is about?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Well, it's kind of about love and betrayal! The inner workings of the human mind!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Field Reporter,Will it be as sick and disgusting as your first book?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Oh it's raunchy alright! I know what my readers want, and I'm going to deliver!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stephen,"Butters, away from the window! You are being grounded!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Sorry Dad, I was just bein' the voice of a generation. [walks out of view]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Outside Assembly Hall, the boys sit on the curb. Sarah Jessica Parker stands next to a tree with a bare branch on which a bird sits"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,I can't believe they won't ban our book!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,I know! It's so much worse than Catcher in the retarded Rye!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,(It's fucking disgusting!)
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"All right you guys, I know what we have to do. [stands up and walks onto the street] We've got to kill Sarah Jessica Parker."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,What?! [Stan's hands go from his chin to his knees]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Think about it, guys. If somebody kills Sarah Jessica Parker, then they'll assume that somebody did it because of what was in the book. Then the book will get banned."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Dude, we're not killing Sarah Jessica Parker! [Sarah Jessica Parker hears her name and looks at the boys]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Shhh. [addresses Ms. Parker] Be right with you. [hushed tones to the other boys] We don't have to kill her, we can just help her get killed."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Shut up, Cartman! Just face it. We lost this one. [he and Kyle walk away]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,Kenny... we only have to help her get killed and then we totally get back at Butters.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,"[looks over at Ms. Parker, then at Cartman] (Okay.)"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"[turns and walks over to Ms. Parker] Ms. Jessica Parker, over here. [Kenny follows.]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"The Today Show, an HBC News production"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Matt,"Well, the day has finally arrived. The eagerly awaited second novel from the author of Scrotie McBoogerballs hit the shelves this morning and apparently, bookstores are jammed."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Meredith,"Al, how is it out there?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Al,"[giggles] I don't know if you could see this, guys, but uh, the line stretches all the way around the block. People waiting for their turn to get inside the bookstore and read the novel. [the camera pans across the line from front to back and back again. The people in line smile and wave at the camera] And they brought trash bags and buckets to throw up in. Just a festive atmosphere here, Matt and Meredith."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Meredith,"Well, we've got our vomit buckets ready too, because coming up, a very special in-studio treat."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Matt,"That's right, we are going to have a reading of the first five chapters of the book here live in our studio. Na-now we must warn you that this is from the same author who wrote the most graphic, obscene novel of all time, so... brace yourselves for some very harsh language. Take it away Morgan Freeman."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"a shot of Morgan Freeman sitting in a study, a fireplace to his left, a library to his right, preparing to read from Butters' second book"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Morgan Freeman,"[reading slowly, with gravitas] The Poop That Took A Pee Chapter 1: Douglas had to poop. His butt was all stinky because he had to poop so badly. There was a gross woman named Rebecca who was sunbathing all naked, and she was fat. Douglas walked up to her and said, ""I need to poop."" ""Okay,"" Rebecca replied, ""I like poop."" Douglas squatted down [turns the page] over the fat sunbathing lady and went poop. The poop sat there on Rebecca's boobs looking like a wiener. [turns the page] Chapter 2..."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"The woods, day. A sign by the side of a road indicates that moose hunting season is here and the woods are open. Cartman and Kenny are standing in the bush. Kenny makes a moose call with his hands and mouth. They wait for a response. Kenny makes the call again"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,See any hunters yet?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,(Not yet) [Ms. Parker is in a nearby clearing with moose horns attached to her head]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Doing good, Ms. Jessica Parker! Just hang out, right there."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Guys, stop, stop! [Kyle and Stan walk into view towards Cartman and Kenny] We don't have to do this!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kenny,(Huh?)
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,Butters wrote a second book!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,So what?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"So dude, if Butters wrote a second book, then everyone's gonna know he couldn't have written the first one!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,We can get people to believe us now!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Oh dude, sweet! [all four boys walk away, leaving Ms. Parker all alone at the mercy of any moose hunter that walks by her]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,Cut to the in-studio reading of Butters' second novel
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Morgan Freeman,"""Why are we here?"" Douglas cried as poop came out his wiener, in a long, thin strip. It was... wiener poop, which is the grossest poop of all."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Frontier Books, morning. The shoppers pick up where Morgan left off"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 1,"""The pee he got on the woman's leg, and she screamed, pooping out her boobs."""
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 2,"""And so when the pee got mixed with the poop, it smelled like a butt."""
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"[in store with the other boys] Aw dude, this is even lamer than we thought. [grins]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,People are gonna want Butters' head on a platter!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 3,"Are you reading this, Marsha? What do you think?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Marsha,"So far I think it's, it's incredible! Ih, it might be better than his first book."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 4,"I agree. It wasn't as edgy, but it's like, he he's gone back to his roots."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,What?!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,You can't be serious! You people like this?!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 5,Some of the imagery is unbelievable
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,A woman pooping out her boobs is not good imagery!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 6,"Says you! You must be a pro-life nut, huh? [slides into taunting] Didn't like what the book had to say?"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Marsha,What are you talking about? This book is as pro-life as it gets!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,Oh come on!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"God-damnit, will you people stop reading into stuff that isn't there!!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Shopper 7,"""And the poop and the pee lived happily every after. The end."" [closes the book...] Kill the phonies. Kill the phonies!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,Keeping Up With The Kardashians is on the air
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kim,Today my sisters and I are gonna shop for underwear.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,The Kardashians,Yaaay!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Male Guest,Can I go with you girls? [the seventh shopper breaks into the set and guns everyone down]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,News report about the massacre
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,News Anchor 2,"Our nation is still reeling from the tragic deaths of the Kardashians. The shooter claims he was driven to commit the slaughter immediately after reading The Poop That Took A Pee by Leopold ""Butters"" Stotch. It's all over. The Kardiashians.. [cries a bit and sheds a tear] wiped out. In the blink of an eye. All because one little PRICK... had to go and write a book."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Scene Description,"Butters' room, day. Butters is at his desk with his face buried in his arms. The news report is airing on the TV in the background"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,News Anchor 2,Leopold Stotch... I HOPE THEY BURY YOU! ...YOU EVIL FUCK! [the anchorman falls silent and the door opens. Cartman and the other boys enter]
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Dude, people are pissed off at you, Butters."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,I know.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"They're saying they're gonna ban both your books now, completely. You're not making any more money!"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,[lifts his head up. He's been crying] You think I care about that? My writing got the most beautiful woman in the world killed! I loved her! And now she's gone and it's because of me!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Kyle,"Ah... Oh Butters, [steps forward] it'll be all right. Listen, we've all learned that people look for meaning in books. And sometimes, even if it isn't there, they'll try and invent their own meaning."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Stan,"Yeah, dude, eh, that's why we all need to avoid books and stick to television."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Thang, thanks, fellas. I'll definitely never write again. I think I can get through this."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"That's good, Butters, because, we need to tell you something."
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,What?
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,[sighs heavily] You were sleepwalking again and dressed Sarah Jessica Parker up in a moose suit. You left her in the forest and she got shot by a hunter.
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,What?! Oh no!
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Cartman,"Yep, sorry. You're gonna have to come down and admit it was you. [walks out of the room with the other boys]"
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs,Butters,"Aw. Aw I got her killed too? Aw uh, oh well, at least she was ugly. [leaves his desk and follows the other boys downstairs]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"A soccer field, day. The four boys are at soccer practice with other boys from around the neighborhood. They're exercising, touching their bellies, then their feet, then raising their hands in the air."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Group,"Twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[after ""27""] Oh I wish I could exercise with the rest of the team, coach, but I've got such a belly ache."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Coach,You seem to have a stomach ache every time we do drills and exercises.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[faking] I know, it sucks. [the coach blows his whistle as the boys reach ""40""]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Coach,"Alright kids, practice is over for today."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,[grins and throws his sports bottle away] KFC!! [races for his ride]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Randy's car, after practice. Randy drives the boys across town"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Oh boy oh boy! I'm gonna get a three piece meal and crispy strips!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Kyle,"Cartman, you only come to soccer practice on Fridays, and that's only because we have Kentucky Fried Chicken afterwards!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Shut up you shifty Jew! I'll fuckin' kill you! [remembers where he is] Uhm sorry, sorry. I just, you know, when I've been waiting too long for the Colonel's chicken I get easily agitated. You're a fuckin' asshole, Kenny! Oh oh oh, sorry sorry. Oh here we are! Here we are!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,Randy pulls up to a KFC and parks the station wagon. Everyone gets out
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Stan,"Hey, it looks different."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"sure enough, the KFC logo and lettering are gone, but the building still has that KFC style of architecture. The windows advertise medicinal marijuana though. A customer comes out with a bag of weed."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"[to the customer] Hey, uh, what's up with the KFC?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Customer,"[stops] Oh, it's not a KFC anymore. It's a medicinal marijuana dispensary. [walks away]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Stan,A what?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Dude, what the fuck? What the fuck?!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Kyle,So where's the KFC now?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Alright, boys, wait out here. Let me see what's going on. [leaves them and enters the store.]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Inside the medicinal marijuana dispensary. Randy walks toward the counter, looking around at the place"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,"Can I help you, sir?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Yeah, we were actually looking to get some KFC?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,"Oh, yeah, sorry, that's gone. We only sell marijuana here."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Really? I mean, you're openly selling pot? For reals?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,Sure. New state laws say it's okay.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"[thinks about what this means] Woohoo, all right! I love the future! Let's see, uh, I'll take half a pound of that uhhh Jamaican Passion [goes to another counter] and give me some of that purplish stuff too!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,Alright. I'll just need to see your physician's reference.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,[his smile vanishes] My huh?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk,"Well, sir, we just can't sell the marijuana to anybody. You need a reference from your doctor to show it's necessary."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Ohhh, that's dumb. Okay. Okay, I'll be I'll be right back! [races out the door]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,outside the shop. Randy runs past the boys
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Stan,What'd they say?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"[speaking quickly] KFC's gone, been replaced."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,They can't do that! This is the only KFC in all of South Park!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Yeah, well, I gotta get to the doctor. [runs to the car, opens the driver-side door, and quickly gets in]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Stan,"The doctor? But, Dad, we wanna eat."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"I gotta get to the doctor! [pulls out of his parking slot and drives away in a hurry, leaving the boys by themselves]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Kyle,...So no KFC?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,This is a nightmare. This is a nightmare and I CAN'T WAKE UP!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,A doctor's office. Randy is on the bed there and the doctor walks to him with some test results
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"Well, Mr. Marsh, it looks like you are in prefect health. Your bloodwork came back great and all your vitals appear normal."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,All right!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"Yep, you check out fine."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,That's great. So can I get a referral from you?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,For what?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Medicinal marijuana. [the doctor frowns] There's a shop that opened in the old KFC, and they said I needed a doctor's referral to buy weed."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"Mr. Marsh, you don't qualify for medicinal marijuana."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,But you said I'm totally healthy!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"Medicinal marijuana is for people who aren't healthy. AIDS patients, cancer patients. You know, people going through chemo. The THC helps them eat and take the pain. You are in fine shape!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"...Well that sucks! [gets off the bed and puts his clothes back on.] Well so doctor, how do most people get cancer?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,Well there's a lot of ways you can get cancer.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Yeah, but what's the quickest way?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,The what?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Well like, what forms of cancer induce in time for the Ziggy Marley concert next Saturday in Denver?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"On Highway 291, night. Liane and Eric are driving northwest into the San Isabel National Forest west of Pueblo. Cartman is showing his frustration by punching the car door"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Mom, drive faster!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Liane,"The KFC in Salida is a long way away, sweetie. Be patient."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Shut up and drive faster! I've been waiting for chicken for TOO LONG!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Liane,"Eric, we're almost to Frisco. Why don't we go to the Church's Fried Chicken there?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,WHAT?? Church's Fried Chicken tastes like cat shit!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Liane,"Alright honey, let's take it easy."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Fuck you!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Frisco, day. Liane and Eric arrive at the KFC in Frisco, which is being closed up. ""CLOSED INDEFINITELY"" says the banner over the Colonel's face as workers take down the K and the C"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"No! No, what's going on?! [quickly gets out of the car and shoves a worker aside] Move aside! [stops at the front door and looks up again]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Worker 1,"It's closed, kid, there's nothin' in there."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"No you, you can't do this! The KFC in my town is closed too!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Worker 1,"Yeah, well, that's because of the vote last November to ban fast food in low-income areas."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,You mean I have to drive all the way to Denver to get chicken?!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Worker 2,"No you don't get it, kid. KFCs were only in low-income areas. In the entire state of Colorado, Kentucky Fried Chicken is illegal."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Nooooooooo-! [his head explodes]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. Randy is on a chaise lounge in his backyard trying to give himself cancer with three possible carcinogens - cigarettes, an X-ray machine and reflective panels, and three cell phones strapped to his forehead. He's smoking."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Stan,"[opens the sliding door and looks out] Dad, Mom says to stop trying to give yourself cancer."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Just gonna get a little bit of cancer, Stan. Tell Mom it's okay. [Stan walks away and closes the sliding door]"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"A methadone clinic, day. Cartman walks in and approaches the counter"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk 2,Can I help you?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,[looking fatigued and feeling quite itchy] I need... Somebody said you... could help me. I... have to... I haven't... had... KFC... in over... a week. [sniffs heavily]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk 2,"Alright, sign your name on the release form and put down the time-"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,[hops onto a little stool in front of the counter] Really?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk 2,-your birth year. and we'll get you through the next twenty-four hours. [hands him an application]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"Whoa, what uh, are you serious? [fills out the application as she gets a treatment out of a cabinet. He turns around...] Oh my God, that's KFC gravy! [quite giddy] You have KFC! Yes! [she opens the gravy and pours some into a small cup, then slides the cup to him. He's disappointed] This is it? One lousy little cup of gravy?!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk 2,This is a clinic to help you get over your addiction.
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,Who wants just gravy?! It goes on mashed potatoes! On extra-crispy chicken skins!
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Clerk 2,"[takes the cup back] If you don't want it, that's fine-"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Cartman,"[grabs it from her hand] NO! [swallows it as fast as he can] Oh God, oh God it's so good."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, kitchen, day. Randy opens a box of instant chicken nuggets and pours the nuggets onto a plate."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"[reading from the book ""Cancer Today""] ""Frozen and processed foods appear to have a direct link to many forms of stomach and colon cancers."" Alright. [takes the plate and puts the nuggets into the microwave oven, sets the time to four minutes, then starts the oven] ""Tests show that preservatives found in these foods are the leading cause. However, luckily most of these cancers are..."" [he loses hope] ""slow-growing and can take years to develop."" Dammit. [turns the page] ""Testicular cancer. Most common in older men and can be extremely aggressive."" Oh this is good. ""There's no data on what causes testicular cancer to grow so rapidly, however the primary causes of testicular cancer are linked to exposure to high doses of radiation"" Hmmm. [closes the book and looks at the microwave and at his balls a few times. Some time later, Stan goes to the kitchen, opens the door, and grabs a sports energy drink, closes the door and walks away. He walks by Randy, who's got the microwave door open and his balls inside the oven.] Oh hey, Stan, could you grab me a beer? [Stan just looks at him and continues on his way.] Stan?"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, dawn. A rooster crows. Randy is still asleep in his bed, but something is beginning to bother him. He turns from his side to his back and then looks at his feet. What he sees amazes him. He pulls down the covers and sees that his balls have grown to the size of large pumpkins"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Whoahhh! Sharon. Hey, hey Sharon!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Sharon,Wha... WAAAAA! [she almost lost her mind there]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"Dr. Doctor's office, day. Randy is now in a hospital bed and Sharon sits next to it."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"Mr. Marsh, I'm afraid that the tests came back positive. You do have testicular cancer."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,SCORE! [Sharon is not happy]
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,"Now, the good new is it hasn't spread anywhere. We should... probably schedule to have them re-"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Yeahyeahyeahyeah, but for now can I finally get my prescription please?!"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Dr. Doctor,Your prescription for what?
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Randy is carting his massive balls around in a wheelbarrow, singing happily"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"Buffalo Soldier... in the heart of America. Stolen from Africa, brought into America. He was fighting on arrival..."
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Scene Description,"The medicinal marijuana dispensary, day. Randy enters with his wheelbarrow"
Medicinal Fried Chicken,Randy,"One ounce of Purple Lurple, two ounces of Fisherman's Friend, and a half ounce of Alabama Kush!"
