Follow That Egg!,Stan,"Day five. I made it! [the phone rings, and he answers] Hello?"
Follow That Egg!,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, dawn. His family is eating breakfast in the kitchen."
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Dude, did you hear what's happening?"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,What?
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Garrison is taking us all on a field trip today. He wants to do the final egg check in front of the Governor's office!
Follow That Egg!,Stan,Governor's office?
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"She's really taking this grade seriously, Stan. I'm gonna come over so that we can take our egg to school together, all right?"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"Aah, you'd like that, wouldn't you?! I took care of this egg, Kyle, not you!"
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Okay, Stan, you've been an asshole to me all week! What is up?!"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"What's up?! Oh, nothing except that you've been trying to impress Wendy all week long like a pathetic dickhole!"
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Impress Wendy??
Follow That Egg!,Stan,You've set it all up to look like you're this awesome prince and I'm just a loser!
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,What the hell are you talking about?!
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"Well guess what?! I'm gonna take this egg to class myself! And I'm gonna hold it up in front of Wendy, and say ""See?! I'm every bit as good as Kyle is."" [a laser dot snakes its way up the egg. Stan notices this with some surprise, and the egg explodes in his hand. Some of it lands on his face and cap. Jakartha appears behind the bushes across the street and lowers his sniper rifle]"
Follow That Egg!,Jakartha,Almost too easy. [drops down and crawls away]
Follow That Egg!,Stan,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Stan?
Follow That Egg!,Stan,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Follow That Egg!,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. He's in his room with his head down on his desk buried in his arms, with the shattered egg next to him. His door opens and Kyle steps in."
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Stan? Stan, I think we should talk."
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"[softly crying, muffled] Dude, you should just go be with Wendy and be happy."
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Stan, I don't like Wendy. [Stan's raises his head and listens] All I cared about was getting an A in this stupid project!"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"Yeah well, I blew it. Now we're gonna fail and Wendy thinks I'm a total loser."
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,I thought you didn't care about Wendy anymore.
Follow That Egg!,Stan,I don't. She's totally lame. [he drops his head into his arms again.]
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Stan, there was never anything between Wendy and I. [Stan's raises his head again] I wouldn't go out with my best friend's ex-girlfriend."
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"[hops off his chair and approaches Kyle, head down] I'm sorry I didn't trust you, Kyle. I'm obviously just a crappy best friend to have."
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Yyeah well, I-I'm sorry I didn't trust you either."
Follow That Egg!,Stan,Huh?
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"[turns away and walks a few paces] It was really important for me to get an A, Stan. And Bebe said you were so reckless with your egg, so I made a fake one for you [reaches into his jacket and pulls out an egg] and kept the original safe with me."
Follow That Egg!,Stan,That... [walks up to Kyle and points at the egg] That's the real egg with Garrison's signature?
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Yeah dude. I'm sorry.
Follow That Egg!,Stan,Then... then Wendy won't think I'm a total loser!
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Yeah. And I can still get my A!
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"Come on, buddy, let's go! [walks happily towards his door. Kyle steps forward, then stops]"
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"Stan... [Stan turns, then he turns away] Do you really think my hat is stupid?"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"[walks back and puts his left hand on Kyle's shoulder] As a matter of fact,... I think it is the nicest hat I've ever known. [Kyle smiles and Stan pats him twice on the back] Come on! [they head out]"
Follow That Egg!,Scene Description,"Governor's office, outside. The Governor is speaking."
Follow That Egg!,Bill Owens,"Today is a very big day in which I'm supposed to make a very big decision. As some of you know, my biggest issue with gay marriage regards child-rearing. And a new study has just been concluded which will give me the ability to take no personal responsibility in this decision."
Follow That Egg!,Big Gay Al,A new study?
Follow That Egg!,Bill Owens,Here with the results of that study is the lovely Mrs. Garrison. [steps aside and gives her the podium.]
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,"[floats in like a diva] Thank you, Governor."
Follow That Egg!,Mr. Slave,"[strokes his temple] Oh, Jesus Christ."
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,"Ladies and Gentlemen, with the help of some adorable fourth-grade students, we've completed our scientific, non-biased study of fags having kids. Come on up, children. [the kids file into view and spread out before the podium. Jakartha shows up as well and stands next to the white chalkboard.] The parents were grouped together as male and female. As you can see..."
Follow That Egg!,Aide,"[rushes up with a phone] Uh, Mrs. Garrison. You have an emergency phone call."
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,"[takes the phone and answers] Yes, what is it?! I'm a little busy!"
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,"[in the back seat of a speeding cab with Stan] Mr. Garrison, it's Kyle! Our egg is okay! We'll be there in a couple of minutes!"
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,[turns away from the mic] What?? Y-your... you're too late!
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Don't fail us! We'll be right there!
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,No you can'- Hello? Hello!! [hauls Jakartha into view by the lapel] You told me you killed that freak egg!!
Follow That Egg!,Jakartha,I was sure I did!
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,"Well it's here! You'd better make damn sure it doesn't reach these steps uncracked! [shoves him away and returns to the mic] Haha, anyhow, as I was saying, we put one egg into the hands of two male students. [far away from the podium the cab screeches to a stop and the left back door opens. Stan hops out]"
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,[pays the cabbie] Thanks dude! [hops out behind Stan]
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"There! Over there! [they run through the crowd, taking care the egg doesn't fall out and break] Excuse us! Excuse us please!"
Follow That Egg!,Jakartha,"[runs alongside them, aiming at the egg] Yeeeeaah! [opens fire. People begin to fall away left and right]"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,Jesus Christ!
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Keep running! [other people hear the gunfire and look around]
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,The the egg that the two boys were given just-
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,Hang on! Wait! [Jakartha bumps someone aside and starts detonating hidden bombs around the plaza. Groups of people are thrown off in all directions. The Governor begins to pay attention]
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,"In conclusion, Governor, you can rest assured that-! [one last blast is especially deadly. The area fills with dark brown smoke. As the smoke clears, Stan and Kyle hobble towards the podium, tattered clothes and all]"
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"[tired, voice breaking] Teacher, our egg is... okay. [falls onto his back and passes out, holding the egg high for all to see]"
Follow That Egg!,Bill Owens,[kneels to inspect the egg] This egg is fine. [rises and steps forth] Gays can get married! [everyone cheers and gay couples hug each other in celebration.]
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,Noo! Noooo!!
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,[still woozy] Gays can get married? What??
Follow That Egg!,Scene Description,"Wedding of Big Gay Al and Mr. Slave, at a gazebo nearby. The guests are in place, the happy couple and the minister are on the gazebo floor."
Follow That Egg!,Fr. Maxi,"I now pronounce you man... and man. [both men, Al and Slave, are wearing wedding dresses. They turn to face each other and kiss on the lips. Everyone present cheers, and Mr. Slave and Al run down the aisle to their new life together. Stan and Kyle appear as the crowd disperses]"
Follow That Egg!,Randy,"[walks up and kneels next to Stan] Boys, I'm really proud of you. You've done an amazing thing for marriage rights. [rises and walks away. Wendy walks up]"
Follow That Egg!,Kyle,[still confused] What did we do?
Follow That Egg!,Wendy,"Stan, I'm sorry I doubted you. You really made a great dad."
Follow That Egg!,Stan,"[smugly] Like I give a crap about what you think, Wendy. [Wendy's face falls, then she turns and walks away sadly.]"
Follow That Egg!,Mrs. Garrison,"Love, love lost long ago, it was special then, it's over now. Guess that I'll never know how it all went wrong. How how how? Well perhaps I should try and boldly go and rekindle that love lost long ago."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mrs. Garrison's classroom. Oral Report Day. Token is at the front of the class with a picture of all the planets rising over the moon on the roll-up screen."
Ginger Kids,Token,"Pluto is also the furthest planet from the sun, though scientists believe more planets lie beyond it. I hope you enjoyed my report on the Solar System. Thank you. [the projector turns off and Token takes his seat as Timmy claps a little]"
Ginger Kids,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, very nice, Token. Thank you. 'K kids, looks like we only have time for one more speech today, so let's have ah Eric."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"[walks up to the front of the class and turns around, looking at his paper] Thank you, Mrs. Garrison. [reads] My speech is entitled ""Ginger Kids: Children with red hair, light skin, and freckles."" [Stan and Kyle glance at each other] We've all seen them - on the playground, at the store, walking on the streets - they creep us out and make us feel sick to our stomachs. I'm talking of course about... ginger kids. [cues up his pics. A red-headed boy appears] Aww sick! Gross! Ginger kids are born with a disease which causes very light skin, red hair, and freckles. [next picture is of a girl licking her triple-scoop ice-cream cone] Aw, nasty! Yuck! [returns to his paper] This disease is called Gingervitus, and it occurs because ginger kids have no souls."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,[annoyed at Cartman's ignorance] What?!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Kids who have gingervitus cannot be cured. [another redheaded girls pops up] Ah sick! [another redhead] Gross! [another redhead] Yeck! [returns to his paper] Because their skin is so light, ginger kids must avoid the sun. Not unlike... [a picture of a vampire with a full moon and bats behind him pops up] vampires."
Ginger Kids,Class,Aaaah.
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"That's not true, fatass! I have red hair, and I don't have to avoid the sun!"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"I was getting to that, if you will let me. [returns to his paper] Some people have red hair, but not light skin and freckles. These people are called ""daywalkers."" [cues up a picture of Kyle, with ""daywalkers"" written underneath]"
Ginger Kids,Butters,Ho! Daywalkers!
Ginger Kids,Kyle,This is all a bunch of crap!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Mrs. Garrison, I'm really havin' a difficult time with all these interruptions..."
Ginger Kids,Mrs. Garrison,"Kyle, let Eric give his presentation."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"It's not a presentation, it's a hate speech! People aren't creeped out by gingers!"
Ginger Kids,Clyde,[glances around] I am.
Ginger Kids,Mrs. Garrison,"Kyle, if you wanna debate Eric, you can do so with your paper tomorrow!"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Fine, I will! [crosses his arms]"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Fine! In the meantime, shut your Goddamned daywalker mouth! [Kyle grits his teeth and growls, trying to contain himself] Let's see, where was I? Oh yes! Like vampires, the ginger gene is a curse, [next picture: a boy with a few missing front teeth] and unless we work to rid the earth of that curse, the gingers could envelop our lives in blackness for all time. It is time that we all admit to ourselves that gingers are vile and disgusting. In conclusion, I will leave you with this: if you think that the ginger problem is not a serious one, [the last pic is that of Carrot Top] think again. [the bell rings and the kids file out of the classroom.]"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Stupid supremacist asswipe!
Ginger Kids,Stan,"Dude, what's the big deal?"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"What's the big deal? Don't you understand what ignorant prejudice like that can lead to? I have to disprove Cartman's hateful rumors! Do you know any red-haired, freckled kids?"
Ginger Kids,Stan,[thinks a moment] What about the Foley family? I think they're all ginger.
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Stan and Kyle walk up to a house. The front door opens and three redheads greet them."
Ginger Kids,Three kids,Hello?
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Hey. Wuh I'm giving a speech tomorrow about people with red hair and freckles. Can I ask you a few questions?
Ginger Kids,Girl,[the middle child] Sure. Come on in. [waves them in. They enter]
Ginger Kids,Boy,"[the oldest child] Mom, Dad, these boys wanna know about us."
Ginger Kids,Father,"What? Heh, hello there, kids."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"We... came to learn the facts about people with red hair, light skin and freckles."
Ginger Kids,Father,"[nervous throughout] Oho, gingers, yes. Our cute little red-haired rascals."
Ginger Kids,Stan,"I'm sorry, but I don't understand. You both have dark hair and brown eyes."
Ginger Kids,Father,"Yes, we've learned that the ginger gene is recessive in both our families' DNA. Actually, the odds of us having a red-haired freckled child were only one in four. And still it happened. Three times. What are the odds? [breaks down and sobs into his hands]"
Ginger Kids,Mother,"A lot of people carry the ginger gene and don't know. [her husband stops sobbing and raises his head] If your spouse is also a carrier, then your children can turn out like... them. [they both look at the kids, who smile and grin]"
Ginger Kids,Father,Each one of them's a blessing.
Ginger Kids,Mother,"Oh yes, each one of them's a blessing."
Ginger Kids,Father,Huh Blesse-blessing full of love.
Ginger Kids,Three kids,"[grinning] Thanks, Mom and Dad."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,But it's... it's not true they... have no souls. [somber music plays]
Ginger Kids,Father,"No... no, I'm sure they do. [quickly rises and shows the boys to the door] Well it was nice meeting you boys. We've gotta get dinner started."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,I just had a couple more questions about-
Ginger Kids,Father,"Look, boys, if you really don't wanna have ginger kids, marry an Asian woman. Asians don't carry the recessive gene. [looks right and left] I know a guy who's marrying a Japanese woman very soon for just that reason. [closes the door on them and they turn around]"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, Mrs. Garrison's classroom. Second Oral Report Day. Kyle stands at the front of the class with an image of melanin's chemical structure."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"And so, red hair, light skin, and freckles are all passed down genetically. A child's red hair is not determined by the lack of a soul, [Cartman yawns] but by the melanins which control the pigment in all of our skins. Thank you. [turns off the projector and goes to his desk amid some applause]"
Ginger Kids,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, very nice, Kyle. A little dry and science-y for my taste, but there you go. [the bell rings] All right, that's lunch, kids. We'll pick up with Clyde's speech about lesbian cheerleaders after recess."
Ginger Kids,Butters,"That was a very informative speech, Kyle."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Thanks Butters
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Informative if you want to die. [hops off his seat and joins Butters and Kyle] Gusy, don't forget. Kyle is a daywalker. Daywalkers are half-gingers themselves. Make no mistake: ginger kids are evil. You know who was ginger? Judas. And what did Judas do? Oh, he just got Jesus killed, that's all. [moves towards the door] Look, I'm just saying what everyone else already thinks: Gingers are creepy. And one night, when you're all sleepin' in your room, the gingers are gonna getcha. They're gonna GETCHA! [points at Clyde, who jumps back.]"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk towards the camera."
Ginger Kids,Stan,You buying school lunch today?
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Nah, my mom packed me a kosher lunch."
Ginger Kids,Clyde,"[off screen] Right this way! [the camera shows four boys - Craig, Jimmy, Clyde and Token - kicking a redhead out] You can't eat in the cafeteria! [Craig crosses his arms]"
Ginger Kids,Boy,How come?
Ginger Kids,Token,Ginger kids eat in the hallway!
Ginger Kids,Jimmy,"Yeah. Go on, beat it, re... rr-retard! [the redhead walks off and the other four boys go back inside the cafeteria]"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,There! You see?! This is what happens when Cartman is allowed his right to free speech!
Ginger Kids,Stan,"That's just wrong, dude. I wish Cartman could see what it felt like to be ginger."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,[thinks] Hey. [snaps his fingers] That's a great idea!
Ginger Kids,Kenny,(What's a great idea?)
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Can you guys meet me over at Cartman's house tonight at around midnight?
Ginger Kids,Stan,"Sure, for what?"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,We're gonna teach that fat bastard a lesson!
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, midnight. Cartman is snoring. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny pop up outside his window and open it. They climb in. Stan motions Kenny to Cartman's door, and Kenny walks over to close it. Stan quickly goes to Cartman's desk and takes out some makeup - skin bleach, hair color, henna kit - and some yellow latex gloves."
Ginger Kids,Stan,"Okay dude, knock him out. [Kyle takes out a small club and starts beating Cartman with it. After five blows Stan rushes over to stop him] Dude, dude okay, he's out! [with the club gone, Kyle resorts to punching Cartman out] Kyle, that's good! [Kenny puts his ear to the door and listens for any activity in the hallway] All right, let's do it."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, morning. Liane, in her night robe, walks over to Cartman's room and knocks on the door."
Ginger Kids,Liane,"Eric honey, time to get up for school. [heads back to the kitchen downstairs. Cartman rolls over and wakes up, hops down and leaves his room]"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"-ed a fine time to leave me, Lucille Four hungry children and a-"
Ginger Kids,Liane,"[hears him and drops the spatula] Poopsiekins! [rushes back to the restroom, leaving her eggs cooking. Cartman checks his face thoroughly, but continues to scream. Liane arrives and enters] Sweetie, what is the- [he turns around and she screams] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,I'M GINGER!
Ginger Kids,Liane,Oh my God! Eric!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Help me! Hellp mee!
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,A hospital room. A doctor gives Cartman a check-up.
Ginger Kids,Doctor,"Well, all his vital signs are still normal. From his outward appearance, I would say he has the standard skin pigment deficiency."
Ginger Kids,Liane,You mean...
Ginger Kids,Doctor,"Yes, I'm afraid that your son is suffering from gingervitus."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,And how could I become a ginger now?! I wasn't born like this!
Ginger Kids,Doctor,"Well, the red-haired and freckle gene is a recessive gene. It must've stayed dormant in your system until you hit adolescence."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,So I'm gonna stay like this forever?
Ginger Kids,Doctor,"[puts a hand on Cartman's back] I'm sorry, son. [takes Liane aside] Ms. Cartman, could I have a word with you? [walks a few steps with Liane] Ms. Cartman, I know this must be... very difficult for you. I for one can't stand red-haired, freckled kids, but you need to understand, there is no cure. Your son will be ginger his whole life. You might want to just... put him down."
Ginger Kids,Liane,Oh... [looks away. Cartman hops off the bed and walks up and stands between them.]
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Agh, excuse me, Doctor, but it just so happens my mom loves me, no matter what I look like! [crosses his arms] Right, Mom?! [a bit shocked when she doesn't answer right away] Mom?!"
Ginger Kids,Liane,"Oh ye-yes, of course,sweetie."
Ginger Kids,Doctor,"All right, but... you're gonna have to take certain precautions now. It's very important that you keep Eric out of the sun. The sun... is his worst enemy."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The school bus stop, morning. Stan, Kyle and Kenny are waiting there, as usual. Cartman walks up with a blue umbrella open, shielding him from the sun."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Hey dudes, what's goin' on? [coughs to clear his throat] How is everything with you guys?"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Wow, Cartman. You look... different."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Yes, well, it's interesting you should point that out, Kyle. I went to the doctor yesterday, and apparently I suffer from a small skin pigment deficiency."
Ginger Kids,Stan,"You mean,you're a ginger?"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Actually, gingervitus is the medical term."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Is that an umbrella you're using?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Yes, Kyle. [coughs] The sun's rays are bad for my skin, so I need to be protected when I'm outside. Well, I'm glad we've gotten all that out of the way, and now we can just go on with our lives as normal."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"[looks at Stan for a moment] ...Wow, that's a little ironic, isn't it?"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"What do you mean, Kyle?"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Well, I mean, all last week you were ripping on ginger kids and now you are one."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"[thinks] Hm. I don't really see the irony in that, Kyle. [the school bus pulls up and opens its doors. The kids climb in and find seats]"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The school bus. Cartman sits next to Butters, who's taken aback at Cartman's new appearance. A few moments later, Butters begins to laugh."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"That's fine, just get it out of the way..."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Dude, this is going awesome."
Ginger Kids,Stan,"Maybe he'll actually learn a lesson this time. [Butters strokes his nose, then takes out a napkin to wipe away tears from the laughter, then sighs, only to resume laughing, harder. Cartman just folds his arms across his chest and looks away]"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria. The kids are eating, but there's not a redhead to be seen in there... except for."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"[Walks up to an empty space between Clyde and Token] Hey Clyde, Token. Sup, Jim? [begins to eat]"
Ginger Kids,Token,What are you doing?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,I'm grubbin'. What's it look like?
Ginger Kids,Clyde,You're not supposed to be in the cafeteria.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Huh?
Ginger Kids,Craig,You know the rule. No ginger kids in the cafeteria.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,But... it's me.
Ginger Kids,Clyde,"Right. And you're a ginger. [at a nearby table, Stan is about to eat his burger, but Kyle softly jabs him]"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Dude, check it out. [Stan looks over]"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Guys! Okay, look, maybe I'm ginger, but... I'm not like other ginger kids. I'm still me inside. [the camera looks around at the other kids at the table, who remain silent]"
Ginger Kids,Clyde,"Sorry. If we let one ginger kid in here, then the others are gonna start coming."
Ginger Kids,Jimmy,"Yeah, beat it, j... jackass. [Cartman is stunned, but takes his tray and walks away. He walks past Kyle, Stan, and Kenny.]"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"We did it guys. We finally taught Cartman a lesson. I'll bet that now, Cartman is gonna have a long hard think about how he treated gingers."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The South Park Elementary Library. Cartman did indeed think long and hard about this, so now he's holding this meeting."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"I want to thank everyone for showing up today. I've called this meeting because, I don't know about you, but for one am sick and tired of being discriminated against! Just because we have red hair, light skin and freckles, we're thought of as somehow less important, and it's bullcrap!"
Ginger Kids,Boy,Yeah!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Kids at school laugh at us, doctors call us ""genetically inferior."" The world needs to know that we are people, with feelings! And our parents love us for who we are!"
Ginger Kids,Older Boy,My dad says that each one of my freckles is a kiss from an angel.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"...Riiight, exactly! We can't let this go on any longer! We should be PROUD of who we are! Think about all the great people in history who were ginger. People like... [he can't think of any] Like uh... [looks up in thought, then softly] Liiike..."
Ginger Kids,Girl,Ron Howard?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Right! Ron Howard! And uh... Aaaaand...
Ginger Kids,Older Boy,Ron Howard? [the other redheads look at him]
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Right! We already had him, but right! See? Ginger people go on to do amazing things in society! We need to let everyone in this school know that we are not inferior! That we are in fact beautiful, totally awesome, and super-smart. It's time for us to take back our pride!"
Ginger Kids,Kids,Yeah!
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The playground, moments later. A girl chases a boy around. Stan, Kyle and Kenny play tetherball."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power! [Stan stops the game and the boys look at the source of commotion. Cartman leads the gingers across the playground]
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"We gingers are proud people! We are the noble descendants of great Americans like Ron Howard, and ...others! We will not be discriminated against any longer, for we are a great race!"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Yeah!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,[resumes the march] Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Kyle,I don't believe it.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Stan,Should we tell him the truth?
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Nah, let him make a complete ass out of himself for a little while longer. [he and Stan return to their tetherball game]"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Better red than dead!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Better red than dead!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Better red than dead!
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"New break. A field reporter stands outside a theater, with a crowd milling around behind him."
Ginger Kids,Chris,"Tom, I'm standing outside the Denver Center For The Performing Arts, where the new production of ""Annie"" has just premiered to cries of outrage. [a shot of gingers with Cartman front and center] A rapidly-growing organization called The Ginger Separatist Movement is furious that the lead role of Annie [shown, in character] is being played by a girl [shown in regular clothes and real hair] who isn't actually red-haired and freckled. Joining me now is the gingers' head spokesperson, Eric Cartman."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,That's right! This is bullcrap! We True Gingers are furious that the role of Annie is being minimalized!
Ginger Kids,Reporter,What harm do you believe this actress is doing to the true red-haired community?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,The bitch isn't ginger! She's just using makeup to look ginger! And pretending to be ginger with makeup is the worst thing anybody can do!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Yeah! That's right! [among other things]
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,The center's doors open and Annie walks out to cheers and flash bulbs. She waves to everyone.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"There she is! Get her! [the gingers rush her and start ganging up on her] Die, you stupid bitch!"
Ginger Kids,Reporter,"This is getting pretty ugly, Tom. These gingers are really riled up! If you are a ginger and would like to join The Ginger Separatist Movement, you can attend their first meeting this Friday in the Sunset Room at the Airport Hilton."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The Airport Hilton, day, the Sunset Room. One of the older boys in school is speaking."
Ginger Kids,Older Boy,"Okay, welcome, everyone. It's so great to see such a wonderful turnout at the first All-Ginger Pride Conference! [everyone cheers] Now it is my honor to introduce the man who has brought self-respect to gingers, Eric Cartman!"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"[comes in pumped up like a televangelist to his own theme music] Thanks Jody! Gingers, how are we feelin'? [the redhead cheer] Can I get a Red Power?"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Red Power!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Oh yeah! That feels good, doesn't it? Feels good to be proud of who you are! Now I don't think I need to tell you there's a lot of hate out there. Hate for awesome people like us. And if there's one thing I've learned, is that the only way to fight hate, is with more hate! We are not the freaks of society, everyone else is!"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Yeah!!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Gingers are the chosen people! The chosen race! And we must view the rest of the world as the lowlife, dark-skinned rats that they are! [all the redheads cheer wildly]"
Ginger Kids,Gary Nelson,Hello there! Gary Nelson with Hilton Guest Relations. Just making sure you guys have everything you need. [long silence]
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"We're fine, thanks."
Ginger Kids,Gary Nelson,Need any buffet items restocked? Everyone okay on coffee?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,We're fine!
Ginger Kids,Gary Nelson,"Great. Oh, and hey guys, just wanted to say thanks for choosing the Airport Hilton for your conference."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"You're welcome!! Now leave us alone!! [Gary closes the door] My fellow gingers! I envision a world in which there IS no hate! A world where everyone is ginger! And so, we must gather together every child who is NOT ginger, and exterminate them!"
Ginger Kids,Ginger 1,Huh
Ginger Kids,Ginger 2,What
Ginger Kids,Ginger 3,Ex-terminate?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Now go! Go out into the night and take non-ginger kids from their homes! We will eradicate them all with cages and tortures and a pit of lava to thrown them all in! Now I am not gonna live my life as a Goddamned minority! Are you with me?!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Huzzah! Huzzah!
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"Night time. Kyle and Kenny knock on Stan's front door, and he answers. He rubs his eyes and remains half-asleep."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Dude, we're gonna go sneak into Cartman's and change him back into a non-ginger!"
Ginger Kids,Stan,Huh? Why?
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Because now he's acting like gingers are awesome. And all his friends are gingers. When he wakes up tomorrow and realizes he isn't really ginger, it'll be hysterical!"
Ginger Kids,Kenny,"(Hehe, yeah. Hehe)"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Are you in?
Ginger Kids,Stan,... totally.
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,The sidewalk. The three boys walk towards Cartman's house.
Ginger Kids,Stan,"You know, Cartman is an uncaring, bigoted intolerant asshole, but I have to admit, I had my own prejudice about gingers. I think we all need to realize that everyone is different in one way or another, and we shouldn't be threatened by those differences. I mean, Cartman had me kind of creeped out that gingers were gonna come get me in the night."
Ginger Kids,Kenny,"(Hehe, yeah, heh) [Stan stops and gasps. The other two stop. Before them stand at least five redheads]"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Oh... hey there. [long silence]
Ginger Kids,Stan,You guys... need... anything? [long silence]
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Let's just... let's just walk this way. [starts to cross the street, Stan and Kenny follow him, but they all see more gingers crawl out of the bushes across the street]"
Ginger Kids,Stan,"More ginger kids. Um, meh-maybe we should just go home."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Yeah, good idea. [the boys go back the way the came. Gingers converge upon them, and they begin to run]"
Ginger Kids,Stan,The hell do they want? [A redhead comes in from the right side and snatches Kenny away]
Ginger Kids,Kenny,(AH!)
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Kenny!
Ginger Kids,Stan,"Run, dude, run!!"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"Clyde's room, night. Clyde is sleeping, but some noise wakes him up. Three raps are heard on the window and he sits up to see who it is."
Ginger Kids,Clyde,[gathers his covers around him] Uh... Gi... ginger kids! AAAAAH! [his parents leave their room]
Ginger Kids,Mom,"Clyde? What is it, honey? [they go to his room and open his door, and are horrified. Before them is his window, wiiide open, and his empty bed. The wind howls outside]"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"Another house, night. A boy goes to his bathroom to brush his teeth. He pulls the toothpaste out of the medicine cabinet and closes the door, only to find some smiling gingers waiting for him."
Ginger Kids,Boy,Aaah! [turns around] Ginger kids! Nooo! [a ginger girl grabs a hold of him]
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,Another house. A boy opens the front door and his little sister stands behind him.
Ginger Kids,Ginger Girl,"Laaa la, laaa lala."
Ginger Kids,Girl,What is it?
Ginger Kids,Ginger Girl,laaa lala.
Ginger Kids,Boy,It's a... little ginger girl.
Ginger Kids,Ginger Girl,laaa la.
Ginger Kids,Girl,Shut the door!
Ginger Kids,Ginger Girl,"Laaa la, laaa lala, laaa la."
Ginger Kids,Kids,AAAAAH! [they panic and run away. The boy runs into the banister and falls down. The girl trips over him]
Ginger Kids,Boy,Ow!
Ginger Kids,Ginger Girl,"[reaches the entrance] Laaa la, laaa lala."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"Another house. A boy is showering before he goes to bed. He rinses off, closes the faucet, opens the curtain, and screams. He cowers in the bathtub as gingers close in on him."
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,The sidewalk. Two kids are walking alone when more redheads appear and converge on them.
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,An abandoned barn.
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"In there! Let's go! [he and Stan run into it and close the doors. They run to a long log and lift it up] Get this jamb on the door! [they throw the jamb into place. Redheads try to wrestle the roads open but can't budge it. A window nearby breaks open and gingers start to crawl in through it. More windows break open, then the walls and doors start falling apart as the gingers barge in. Another ginger looks in from the roof and drops down to join the others. They grab Stan and Kyle, who scream one last time]"
Ginger Kids,Scene Description,"The Airport Hilton, day, the Sunset Room. Stan, Kyle, and a few non-ginger kids are in a cage."
Ginger Kids,Stan,"Kyle. Kyle, wake up."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"[wakes up] Huh. Whaaa? [stands up] Where are we? [walks to the cage wall and looks out. The Sunset Room is dark and red from the glow of a lava cauldron. There are cages all over the place, even hanging from the ceiling. The ginger kids stand around the cauldron]"
Ginger Kids,Stan,I think we're at the Sunset Room at the Airport Hilton.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,My fellow gingers! The day of reckoning is finally upon us! [the gingers stomp and cheer]
Ginger Kids,Stan,Cartman?
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"Oh Jesus, I should have known!"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"What we begin here, we will take worldwide, until the blood of every non-ginger child has been spilled! [more stomping and cheering]"
Ginger Kids,Gary Nelson,"You guys got everything you need in here? Need more coffee, buffet items?"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"No, we're fine! Thank you!"
Ginger Kids,Gary Nelson,How about lava? You got enough lava?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Yes! We're good!
Ginger Kids,Gary Nelson,"Okay. Hey, thanks for choosin' the Airport Hilton, guys."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"You're welcome, now leave us alone!! [Gary leaves and closes the door] Now! Let the extermination begin! [more stomping and cheering] We will start... with the daywalker!"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,"Daywalker! [The cage door opens and Kyle, handcuffed, is hauled out by two redheads and escorted to Cartman] Throw him in!"
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Cartman! I need to tell you something!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Go on then! Say your last words!
Ginger Kids,Kyle,Aah I think you'd rather hear this in private!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Okay fine, let him speak! [the redheads let Kyle go, and Kyle falls on his face] Then we kill every non-ginger here! [Kyle gets up, walks over to Cartman, and whispers in his ear. Cartman's anger vanishes, then surprise appears] You... you what? [Kyle repeats himself. Cartman looks around a bit fearfully, then touches his face all over and grits his teeth]"
Ginger Kids,Ginger Boy,"Come on, let's fulfill the plan! All non-gingers must die!"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Yeah!
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"[now hesitant] Right, the plan. Um... Oh. Oh, my God, you guys! Uh, I just realized something. [backpedals] We shouldn't be doing this. Ah I mean, look at us. [throws away his staff] What have we become?"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,Huh? What?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"D-don't you see? If we go and exterminate everyone who isn't ginger, then we're no better than they were for thinking less of us. Maybe we all have to learn to live... together."
Ginger Kids,Ginger Boy 2,But... you just said everyone who isn't ginger must die.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Right, but... but I've learned that we can't judge people based on what they look like."
Ginger Kids,Ginger Boy 2,But you just said they should all die fifteen seconds ago.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"See I know, I know, but I I get it now. We we've got to live and let live. [the gingers look at him, stunned]"
Ginger Kids,Ginger Boy,"[long beat, then] What did that kid in the green hat tell you?"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,... Huh?
Ginger Kids,Ginger Boy,That kid right there. What did he just tell you?
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Ss. Who? Oh him? Oh. No, that was just... Tha-that was about something else, totally unrelated."
Ginger Kids,Ginger Boy,"You wanted to kill everyone who wasn't ginger, then that kid in the green hat told you something, and now you don't wanna do it all of a sudden. What did he tell you?"
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"No, he was just telling me about something funny that happened at school yesterday. Um, oh, but anyway, ohhh! Oh wow, I can't believe how great it feels to finally love my fellow man, huh? Isn't this great you guys? We sure have been throgh a lot! But in the end, we all learned it's best to get along. Hand in hand, we can live together. Ginger or not, we're all the same. Black or white, brown or red, we shouldn't kill each other, 'cause it's lame. Come on, guys! Hand in hand, we can live together."
Ginger Kids,Gingers,"[unsure] Ginger or not, it's all the same."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,That's it! You've got it!
Ginger Kids,Cartman and the Gingers,"Black or white, brown or red, we shouldn't kill each other, 'cause dying's lame. Hand in hand, we can live together."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,Live together!
Ginger Kids,Gingers,We shouldn't kill each other 'cause we're all the same.
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"The same, you and I!"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,"Black or white, brown or red, we shouldn't kill each other, 'cause dying's lame."
Ginger Kids,Kyle,"You are such a manipulative asshole, Cartman."
Ginger Kids,Cartman,"Yes, but I'm not going to die. [steps forth] That's why we gotta get along, people!"
Ginger Kids,Gingers,"Hand in hand, we can live together. We shouldn't kill each other 'cause we're all the same."
Ginger Kids,Gingers,"[as credits roll] Black or white, brown or red, we shouldn't kill each other, 'cause dying's lame. Hand in hand, we can live together. We shouldn't kill each other 'cause we're all the same. Black or white, brown or red, we shouldn't kill each other, 'cause dying's lame. Hand in hand, we can live together. We shouldn't kill each other 'cause we're all the same."
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"South Park, day, a mini-mall. Komik Factory is shown. The boys walk out the front doors."
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"Oh dude, check it out. I got a Jake Plummer."
Trapped in the Closet,Cartman,"Aw man, I got a crappy AJ Feeley again!"
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"How come you didn't buy any cards, Stan?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I can't spend any money. I'm saving up for that bike I want.
Trapped in the Closet,Cartman,"HA! Saving money, duhhh! [turns left and walks. The others follow. Kenny moves the card in his left hand to his right hand]"
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,So what should we do now? It's Saturday and we have to have as much fun as possible.
Trapped in the Closet,Cartman,"Hey, I know! Let's go play laser tag at FunPlex."
Trapped in the Closet,Kenny,(Hey yeah!)
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"[stops] No, I don't wanna spend any money, you guys. [the others stop and he catches up] Let's just do something fun that's free."
Trapped in the Closet,Cartman,"Stan, don't you know the first law of physics? Anything that's fun costs at least eight dollars."
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"Yeah dude, nothing fun is free."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Well I can't spend any money.
Trapped in the Closet,Cartman,"Okay, be a Jew. We're gonna go play laser tag. [he, Kenny and Kyle walk off]"
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"Yeah. See ya. [Stan moves on down the sidewalk and passes a Scientology center. In front are a table with two people seated behind it, waiting for prospects]"
Trapped in the Closet,Woman,"Hello, would you like to take a personality test? It's fun and it's free."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"[stops, thinks, and looks] Excuse me?"
Trapped in the Closet,Woman,We're doing free personality tests today.
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Uh what do I have to do?
Trapped in the Closet,Woman,"Have you heard of Scientology? It's all based on the book, Dianetics. A lot of really cool people are Scientologists, like Tom Cruise and John Travolta. Why don't you come on in and we'll get your fun free personality test started. [leads him in and walks by one closed door after another] Let's just find an empty room here, lots of people getting free tests today. [finds an open door and looks in] Hey Brian."
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"[seated at his desk, rises and walks to the door] Hey Kelly. How's it going?"
Trapped in the Closet,Kelly,"Great! I want you to meet my new friend, Stan."
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,Hey there! How are you?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Fine.
Trapped in the Closet,Kelly,Brian's gonna give you your personality test and then let you know some things about Scientology.
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Good times, good times!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"L-look, is this a religion? Because my family is like, Catholic or something."
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Ho, that's not a problem at all. Scientology is more like an alternative to psychology than a religion."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Then how come that sign says ""Church of Scientology""?"
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Oho, that's just this thing: What's the Denver Broncos' record now? Six and two?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Seven and two.
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Wow! That's great! All right, come on in and take a seat; we're gonna have some fun! [he and Stam enter the room and he changes the sign on his door so it says ""Test In Progress."" Inside, Brian and Stan take their seats] All right now, I'm just gonna ask you a few questions. Just answer these questions as truthfully as you can, alright? [picks up a notepad and starts noting Stan's answers] Okay. Number 1: Do you ever make remarks... which you later regret?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Uhhh, sh-sure?"
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,Uh huh. Would you rather give orders... than take them?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Yeah?
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Do you ever whistle... just for the fun of it. [The wall clock reads 11:35, then 12:20, and the camera pans down to Brian and Stan.] Okay, and finally, does life sometimes feel vague and confusing to you?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Yes.
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Okay, Stan. Well, that's it. That's the end of the personality test."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,So how did I do?
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Well, I hate to tell you this, Stan, but... you are one messed-up kid."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,...Huh??
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Yeah, I'm afraid that you are completely miserable and totally depressed."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I am?? I didn't know that!
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,Well there's certainly no question that you are a perfect candidate for Scientology. I think it can really make you happy again.
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,What what do I do?
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,It's very simple. We just need two hundred and forty dollars.
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, dinnertime. Grandpa is still around, at the head of the table. Randy and Shelly are seated to Grandpa's right, Stan and Sharon are seated to Grandpa's left. Stan rests his head on his left arm."
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,"Stanley, you haven't touched your food. What's the matter with you?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I'm totally depressed.
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,What? Why?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I don't know.
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,Well how long have you been feeling this way?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I'm not sure. But... I need two hundred and forty dollars.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Two hundred and forty dollars?! What'd you do, break something?!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"No, I found a self-help program that can cure me."
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Oh Jesus, the answer is no, Stanley."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,But I'm completely miserable and these people can help!
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,"Stanley, I didn't know you were miserable."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Neither did I!
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Stanley, do you have any concept of money at all? Money doesn't grow on trees, you know?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Don't you care that I'm depressed?! What if I become suicidal, or, or become an alcoholic like Grandpa??"
Trapped in the Closet,Marvin,Huh?
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Well, if you really think your life is so bad, Stan, why don't you take what you have out of your bicycle savings?!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,[looking real sad] ...well but... but that's my money.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Yeah, well just like the rest of us, you have to make choices with your money. Do you want a bike, or do you not want to be depressed?"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"The Scientology Center, Sunday. Stan returns."
Trapped in the Closet,Kelly,"Michelle, our friend Stan wants to have auditing."
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,"Oho good, you're going to be so happy."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I hope so.
Trapped in the Closet,Kelly,"It's the beginning of a whole new life for you, Stan. See ya afterwards."
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,"Great, so do you have the two hundred and forty dollars. [Stan pulls out the bills and hands them over to Michelle] Perfect! We're on our way! [puts the money in a secure drawer and escorts Stan...] Come on over here and I'll fill you in on how the Church of Scientology works. [...down a hallway] You see, Stan, Scientology was founded by a great man named L. Ron Hubbard. [a portrait of him is shown] Mr. Hubbard discovered that negative emotions are actually caused by things called ""body thetans."""
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Really?
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,"Yes! And being the genius that he was, Mr. Hubbard invented a way to get rid of those bad thetans. [stops by a picture of a portable blue machine with two cylindrical grips plugged into the back] This is called an E-meter. It's the main tool of Scientology. You just grab a hold of these handles as I talk you through past experiences in your life. I'll be taking readings here, and we'll be able to determine your thetan levels."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Thetan levels...
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,"Come on in the auditing room and I'll show you how it works. [moments later they are in the auditing room. They walk by a row of booths, each with a tester and a testee] All these people are just like you, Stan, auditing with E-meters to get rid of their negative emotions. [she reaches an empty booth and sits behind the controls as Stan takes his seat] All right, Stan, I want you to just relax and take hold of the E-meter handles. [Stan grabs them and draws them close]"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"So, this is gonna make me happy?"
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,"Just take a few deep breaths, and I'll just get a base reading of your thetan levels. [Stan takes a deep breath and exhales, not quite sure why, then Michelle turns on the machine to take the reading. It reaches a 9.15] Huh, that's, that's strange."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,What?
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,"Somethin-, [soft giggle] something's wrong. Brian, could you come over here a second?"
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"[appears next to her] Yep- Oh hey there, Greg!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Stan.
Trapped in the Closet,Michelle,Will you... look at his thetan levels?
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Huh, well. We'll get another E-meter - this one's obviously broken. Sorry about this, Greg."
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,The lobby. Mr. Mackey has entered to take his own personality test.
Trapped in the Closet,Recruiter,"And so we just try to analyze your personality, and if it seems like you need some help, then you can have an audit counseling for a nominal fee."
Trapped in the Closet,Mr. Mackey,"Well, that sounds pretty reasonable, m'kay. [Brian comes out of the auditing room nervously]"
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,"Mike, I need to talk to you!"
Trapped in the Closet,Mike,"Excuse me, sir, I'll be right back. [he and Brian go into the hallway] Are you all right? You're sweating!"
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,[shows him Stan's E-meter results] Take a look at this.
Trapped in the Closet,Mike,[looks] What is it?
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,The E-meter results from the little boy in Room D
Trapped in the Closet,Mike,[leafing through the results] This... this can't be right. [scans faster]
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,We ran the tests four times! We used four different E-meters!
Trapped in the Closet,Mike,Fax these results to the head office in Los Angeles. The President has to see thus right away. Go! [slaps Brian across the back] Now! [Brian leaves]
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"L. Ron Hubbard's Scientology Celebrity Center, day."
Trapped in the Closet,Woman,"The boy is from a small mountain town in Colorado, sir."
Trapped in the Closet,Man,"Sir, how can it be that a first timer scores that kind of thetan level?? He registered OT9! I'm only OT7 and I've been in the church all my life!"
Trapped in the Closet,President,I've waited... forty-two years... for this day.
Trapped in the Closet,Man,Sir?
Trapped in the Closet,President,Don't you all see what this means? There was only one person who EVER registered OT9 in the history of our church. [looks at something. The others gather to look with him. They look at a framed portrait of L. Ron Hubbard] L. Ron Hubbard said he had lived past lives. That when he died his thetan would show itself again. Our prophet has returned. [removes Stan's picture from the report and holds it up against the portrait.]
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, kitchen, night."
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,"Uh, Stanley, take the garbage out before you go to bed."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I took out the garbage yesterday.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Right now, Stan!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Aagh! [hauls the garbage bag out of the garbage can and drags it across the living room] Stupid dumb garbage! [opens the front door and steps out.]
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, outside, night."
Trapped in the Closet,Man 2,[offscreen] There he is! [Stan's anger changes to surprise]
Trapped in the Closet,Man 3,Thank you for returning!
Trapped in the Closet,Man 4,He's wonderful. [cries] He's wonderful.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,[the rest of the family joins Stan at the door] Stan! What the hell did you do?!
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"I don't know! [a Scientology helicopter lands on the lawn and some officials open the door for the church's president, who exits, walks over to Stan, and kneels down]"
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Hello young man. I'm the head of Scientology. It is... [with great emotion, bows his head] a great honor to meet you!"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,The Marsh living room. The officials and the family have entered.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"All right, what the hell is going on here?!"
Trapped in the Closet,President,"We've been looking for your son for a long time, Mr. Marsh. He is the reincarnation of our church's most famous prophet."
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,Wwhat??
Trapped in the Closet,President,Scientologists the world over are simply rejoicing at his second coming.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Look, we don't want our son to join your group, okay?"
Trapped in the Closet,President,"We're not asking him to join us, we're asking him... to lead us."
Trapped in the Closet,Shelly,"Oh my God, it's John Travolta! [Sharon and Randy go to investigate]"
Trapped in the Closet,John Travolta,[using an odd voice as he makes his way through the crowd] Is this where he lives? Is this where L. Ron Hubbard is? Oh my god!
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Yes, John Travolta and Tom Cruise are big Scientologists. Do you believe me nooow? [kneels next to Stan] Young man, I know you don't remember it,but... your name was L. Ron Hubbard. You revealed the secret that began the whole Church of Scientology."
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Okay, Stan, it's late, go up to your room and get ready for bed! Let Mommy and Daddy handle this. [Stan walks up the stairs, not sure what's going on]"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,[enters his room] Jesus Christ...
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"[suddenly appears in his room] L. Ron? [runs up and kneels before Stan] L. Ron! It really is you! [puts his hands over his heart] Oh, this is the greatest day of my life!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Aw dude, I need to go to bed."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"Don't you understand, L. Ron? It's me! Tom Cruise!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Yeah, I know who you are."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"Ha-haven't I done well, L. Ron? Haven't you enjoyed my acting? Which film did you like best?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Well-h. I mean, you're not... you're not like as good as Leonardo DiCaprio, but you're okay, I guess."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,...What?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"I mean, you're not Gene Hackman or that guy who played Napoleon Dynamite, but you're okay."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,[buries his face in his hands] I'm nothing. [lifts his head again] I'm a failure in the eyes of the Prophet! AAAH! [runs into Stan's closet and closes the door]
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Hey! [walks over to the closet] Dude, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,Go away!
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Dude, this is my room!"
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"Go away, I said!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,[walks out into the hall] Dad! Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet!
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,What?!
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Tom Cruise locked himself in my closet and he won't come out. [Randy enters the room and tries to open the closet door, then knocks. Stan looks on]"
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Mr. Cruise? Mr. Cruise, come out of the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,No!
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Come on, Mr. Cruise, this is ridiculous."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,I'm never coming out!
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,[to Stan] What did you say to him?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I just told him I thought the Napoleon Dynamite guy is a better actor than he is.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Oh boy. [knocks on the door again] Mr. Cruise, you can't just stay in the closet, alright? You need to come out."
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,What's going on?
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet.
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,What??
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,Just leave me alone!
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Well, we CAN'T leave you alone because YOU won't come out of the closet!"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,Channel 4 Network News - South Park Evening News.
Trapped in the Closet,Chris,"It's been four hours now, and Tom Cruise still will not come out of the closet. Hundreds of onlookers here have gathered here in hopes that the celebrity will finally give in."
Trapped in the Closet,Sergeant,"Tom Cruise, this is Park County police! Please come out of the closet. [the house is shown] Everybody here just wants you to come out of the closet, Tom. [someone takes a picture. The house is shown again] Nobody's gonna be mad, everything's gonna be all right. Just come out of the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,Chris,"We're still not exactly sure why Tom Cruise is in the closet, but I'm being joined now by famous singer/songwriter R. Kelly."
Trapped in the Closet,R. Kelly,"Well I was just standing here, and Tom Cruise locked himself in the closetI asked myself why won't Tom Cruise just come out the closet?Nobody has no answers, and so I pull out my gun!"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, kitchen. The church leaders talk to."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Please, understand, we just want what is best for your son. The reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard must be taken care of. He had many enemies."
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,Wasn't L. Ron Hubbard a science-fiction writer?
Trapped in the Closet,President,Yes. But he was also a prophet... who knew the secret truth about the nature of life.
Trapped in the Closet,Sharon,This is just too much.
Trapped in the Closet,President,"We want to reveal to Stan the great secret of life behind our church. The safely-guarded Scientology doctrine. Please, your son deserves to be enlightened."
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"Stan, do you want to hear the great secret doctrine of life behind Scientology?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Sure.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"All right, go ahead and tell him."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Would you excuse us, please? This is highly classified church information."
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,Aw rats. [he and Sharon leave]
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Usually, to hear the secret doctrine, you have to be in the church for several years, Stan. [leans in] Are you ready to hear the truth?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"I, I guess."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"You see, Stan, there is a reason for people feeling sad and depressed. [leans in] An alien reason. It all began 75 million years ago. Back then there was a galactinc federation of planets which was ruled over by the evil Lord Xenu."
Trapped in the Closet,Xenu,Ho ho ho ho ho ho.
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Xenu thought his galaxy was overpopulated, [Xenu gives his orders] and so he rounded up countless aliens from all different planets, [the roundup is shown] and then had those aliens frozen. [one by one, the aliens are frozen]"
Trapped in the Closet,Xenu,[laughing over his plan] Wa ha ha ha!
Trapped in the Closet,President,"The frozen alien bodies were loaded onto Xenu's galactic cruisers, which looked like DC-8s, except with rocket engines. The cruisers then took the frozen alien bodies to our planet, to Earth, and dumped them into the volcanoes of Hawaii. [a shot of the frozen aliens encased in ice being dropped from the orange cruisers] The aliens were no longer frozen, they were dead. The souls of those aliens, however, lived on, and all floated up towards the sky. But the evil Lord Xenu had prepared for this."
Trapped in the Closet,Xenu,Wa ha ha ha!
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Xenu didn't want their souls to return! And so he built giant soul-catchers in the sky! [the soul-catchers are shown] The souls were taken to a huge soul brain-washing facility, which Xenu had ALSO built on Earth. [the souls are watching a movie screen with 3D glasses] There the souls were forced to watch days of brainwashing material [Egyptian gods, Jesus carrying the Cross, and a bronze Buddha statue are shown] which tricked them into believing a false reality. Xenu then released the alien souls, which roamed the earth aimlessly in a fog of confusion. At the dawn of man, the souls finally found bodies which they can grab onto. They attached themselves to all mankind, which still to this day causes all our fears, our confusions, and our problems. [Stan looks at the president, a bit awed] L. Ron Hubbard did an amazing thing telling the world this incredible truth. Now all we're asking you to do... [hands Stan a pen and some paper] is pick up where he left off."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,But I don't know any of this stuff.
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Neither did L. Ron when he started. He said he just closed his eyes, and wrote down whatever came to mind. You can do the same. Just let it flow."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Okay, I'll try. I just wish I could write in my room, but Tom Cruise won't come out of the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,President,I know. We've sent Nicole Kidman up there to see if she can help.
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's bedroom. The sergeant, a photographer, the Marshes, and a few other people wait by the bedroom door."
Trapped in the Closet,Nicole,"[knocks on the closet door] Tom? Tom, It's Nicole."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,Ah hi Nicole.
Trapped in the Closet,Nicole,"Tom, don't you think this has gone on long enough? It's time for you to come out of the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"...I'm not, I'm not in the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,Nicole,"Yes you are, Tom. And you need to just end this and come out. [silence] I'm not gonna think any differently of you. Katie's not gonna think any differently of you. You don't need to be in that closet anymore, Tom."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"I'm not in here, though."
Trapped in the Closet,Nicole,"Yes, you are."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"I'm not, ...I'm not in the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,Nicole,"Then how am I talking to you, Tom? [silence] Tom, you can't hide forever just because the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard doesn't like your acting. Come out of the closet, Tom. You're not fooling anyone."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"I'm, I'm not, I'm not in here."
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, kitchen. Stan is at the breakfast table writing and rewriting. Wads of paper litter the table."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"[gets an idea] Yeah, yeah!"
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"Hey Stan, we're gonna go to the movies."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I can't. I'm writing a new sacred doctrine for my church.
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"Look, Stan, we're really getting concerned about this cult that you're getting into."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Cult? Scientology isn't a cult, Kyle. I've read all this stuff and it's based on fact."
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,"Dude, L. Ron Hubbard was a science-fiction writer. He lived on a boat with only young boys and got busted by the feds numerous times."
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,I did not! Those are rumors put out by people who are afraid because they don't know the secret truth.
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,What secret truth??
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"I can't tell you unless you pay for a few years of audit counseling! All I know is that I was depressed before, and now I found meaning!"
Trapped in the Closet,Kyle,I didn't know you were depressed.
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Neither did I! But now, if you guys can't accept this great thing I belong to, then I suppose we're no longer friends! [Kyle and Kenny leave]"
Trapped in the Closet,Cartman,"Stan, I just want you to know that I still hate Kyle more than you. [leaves]"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, later, outside shot. Upstairs, John Travolta has joined the effort to get Cruise out of the closet."
Trapped in the Closet,Travolta,"Tom! Hey Tom, this is John Travolta."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,Oh hey John.
Trapped in the Closet,Travolta,"Tom, you've gotta come out of the closet. Oh my God."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,L. Ron Hubbard doesn't think I'm a great actor.
Trapped in the Closet,Travolta,"Mm-maybe you took what he said out of context. Okay, 's like, if you don't come out, can I at least come in and talk to you?"
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"Oh... Okay, but no tricks."
Trapped in the Closet,Travolta,"No tricks. [gives the group standing out in the hall a thumbs-up. The door opens and John goes into the closet.] Hey, it's really nice n here."
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"Yeah, see?"
Trapped in the Closet,Travolta,I feel really safe. Oh my god.
Trapped in the Closet,Randy,"[knocks] Hello? [tries to force the door open] Hey, come out of there!"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, outside shot."
Trapped in the Closet,Chris,"Tom, it now appears that John Travolta is also in the closet, and he refuses to come out. Here with more details once again, is R. Kelly."
Trapped in the Closet,R. Kelly,"I was just standing here. Tom Cruise locked himself in the closetThen John Travolta come and now, John Travolta in the closet too.Please Tom Cruise and John Travolta come out the closet!But then I calm myself down, and I pull out my gun!"
Trapped in the Closet,Chris,"Oh geez, here we go with the gun again."
Trapped in the Closet,R. Kelly,
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, kitchen. The president of the church is reviewing Stan's work."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Yes... Yes, oh this is great, Stan!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"I wrote that um, our followers shouldn't fly in DC-8s anymore because they're too much like Xenu's evil cruisers."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Yes, of course! So wonderful!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,And I wrote that the evil Lord Xenu was recently broken out of galactic jail.
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Yes, of course!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"And best of all, I wrote that all the Scientologists should no longer have to pay money to belong."
Trapped in the Closet,President,[his joy disappears] What?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"I I realize that to really be a church, we can't charge people for help."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"[turns around] What are you, stupid?! Then how do we make money from those people?!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"... Well, it's not about the money, it's about the message, right?"
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Wait a minute, whoa, whoa! You don't actually believe this crap, do you?? Dummy! Brainwashed alien souls?? E-meters and thetan levels?? Those people out there buy that crap and I thought YOU were smart enough to see what was really going on!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,But you said that there were-
Trapped in the Closet,President,"What's better than telling people a stupid story and having them believe you?! [Stan draws a blank] Having them PAY you for it, stupid!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"But then, why me? Why do you need me to write something so badly?"
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Because if those people all think you're the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard, then they'll all buy your new writings, and you and I together will make three million dollars!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Three million dollars?
Trapped in the Closet,President,That's how the scam works! But this is a scam on a global scale! Do you fucking get me now?! [leans in a bit]
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Yeah. Yeah, I get you."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Then keep writing, L. Ron! Your people are waiting."
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, outside. A news brief."
Trapped in the Closet,Chris,Breaking news here in South Park. Tom Cruise and John Travolta still... will not come out of the closet. Park County police have decided to try a new method.
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,Stan's room. R. Kelly is there awaiting instructions. The police signal him towards the closet.
Trapped in the Closet,R. Kelly,"I've been asked to come up here, get you both out of the closetMan, this is some crazy shit. Why won't you both just come out the closet? And they said..."
Trapped in the Closet,"Cruise, Travolta","We're not comin' out the closet, so you can just go away."
Trapped in the Closet,R. Kelly,But everyone wants you out the closet.
Trapped in the Closet,"Cruise, Travolta",That doesn't matter 'cause we're gonna stay.
Trapped in the Closet,R. Kelly,"Now I'm startin' to get angry, so I pull out my gun!"
Trapped in the Closet,Scene Description,"Stan's house, the next day."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"My fellow Scientologists! Our prophet has finished his new doctrine, and will now read some passages before making it available to you all for a nominal fee. [the crowd cheers] I give you... the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard! [two officials bow and then spread roses before Stan's feet as he walks down a red carpet towards a marble stand with ""SCIENTOLOGY"" engraved along the front. Stan is dressed in toga and laurel. The crowd cheers wildly]"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Uh, thanks. So, first of all, I've written that the brainwashed alien ghosts are actually from a galaxy called Nubanon."
Trapped in the Closet,Crowd,Ohhhh.
Trapped in the Closet,Man,Nubanon.
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"And uh, oh, [hopeful faces look back at him] ...I ...I can't do this."
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Huh, what?"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Look, everybody, we're all looking for answer, you know. We all want to understand who we are and where we come from, but... sometimes we want to know the answers so badly that we... believe just about anything."
Trapped in the Closet,Man 2,Huh?
Trapped in the Closet,Woman,What?
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,[takes off his laurel] I'm not the reincarnation of L. Ron Hubbard. And... Scientology is just a big fat global scam.
Trapped in the Closet,Brian,Oh! We are gonna sue you!
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,What??
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Yeah, you think you can say our religion is a lie?! We'll sue you, buddy!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,YOU told me it was a lie!
Trapped in the Closet,President,"Ho, now you're puttin' words in MY mouth! You are so sued!"
Trapped in the Closet,Man 3,"You can't make fun of Scientology, kid! We are gonna sue your ass AND your balls!"
Trapped in the Closet,Crowd,"Yeah, that's right!"
Trapped in the Closet,President,"How dare you mock our faith, you little punk?! You'll be hearing from our lawyers tomorrow!"
Trapped in the Closet,Chris,"We've just had an incredible development here, Mitch. Tom Cruise, John Travolta, and R. Kelly, have all come out of the closet! [The three of them come out the front door and Cruise releases R. Kelly, who moves off and out of view.]"
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,"[approaches Stan] So you're NOT the prophet, huh?! You made me look stupid! I'm gonna sue you too!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,Well fine! Go ahead and sue me!
Trapped in the Closet,Cruise,I will! I'll sue you in England!
Trapped in the Closet,President,"You are so sued, kid!"
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Well go on, then! Sue me!"
Trapped in the Closet,President,We're going to!
Trapped in the Closet,Stan,"Okay, good! Do it! I'm not scared of you! Sue me!"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"An aquarium at Sea Park, Denver, day. The aquarium is full of spectators in stadium seats looking on as a whale goes about its routine."
Free Willzyx,Brian,"And now, Jambu is going to going to give you all a big wave! [the whale rolls to the right and smacks one of its fins on the water, which splashes onto the audience. The crowd ooos and ahhs. A wave of water hits the boys, who are sitting in the front row.]"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,I'm all wet! Sweet!
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Dude, Jambu is the best! [Jambu returns and takes a quick dive towards the bottom of its tank.]"
Free Willzyx,Brian,"Now get ready for Jambu's next trick. [Jambu leaps up into the air, performs a somersault, and strikes the water with its fluke, again sending water onto the boys]"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,Haha! I'm totally wet! This is awesome!!
Free Willzyx,Brian,"[shown as a brunet, with long sideburns] How about that, folks! A full body flip! And now, Kelly's gonna show us how she makes Jambu do his tricks. [a blonde woman in a wet suit steps forward, kneels down by the edge of the small dock she's on, and strikes the water three times with her hand] When Kelly slaps her hand three times, Jambu comes to her. Jambu will stay and wait until Kelly gives him a command. [she signals for him to go forward, and she dives in after him] Oh, what trick are we gonna see? Get those cameras ready! [Kelly dives and gets into position. Jambu circles the tank, then returns and pops up out of the water with Kelly on his nose. She then waves her arms signaling she's fine.] That's Kelly riding on Jambu's nose! [aside, to his partner Mike in the booth] I wish Kelly would ride on my nose. [they both laugh. Jambu drops a bit and Kelly dives off his nose. Jambu splashes the crown once more.]"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,Yes! Yeehehehes! [Jambu returns with Kelly on his nose as if she were a hood ornament]
Free Willzyx,Brian,"We hope you enjoyed Jambu's orca show, and enjoy the rest of your day at Denver's Sea Park! [clicks off his mic] You bunch of retards. [Mike laughs. Everyone begins to clear the small stadium]"
Free Willzyx,Stan,"[reading the park map] Okay, where to next?"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,I think there's a sea lion show at 2:30.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Let's just stay here and watch the whale swim around some more.
Free Willzyx,Cartman,Why?
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Dude, everyone's leaving! We can walk right up to the tank and really study him."
Free Willzyx,Cartman,"Kyle, the show is over! The whale isn't gonna splash us any more, so who cares?"
Free Willzyx,Stan,"Let's go see the stingrays, and then we can go to the sea lion show."
Free Willzyx,Cartman,Killer. [the boys turn and leave]
Free Willzyx,Kyle,I'll meet up with you guys in a little bit. I-I wanna hang out here some more.
Free Willzyx,Cartman,"Okay, Kyle. We're gonna get splashed some more, but if you wanna go make love to the whale, that's fine. [turns to catch up with Stan and Kenny. Kyle walks around the tank]"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Jambu? Jambu? [taps the glass wall four times. Jambu dives and floats up facing Kyle] Cool! It worked! Hey, Jambu."
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"Hello, little boy. [Stan is awed that the whale could talk] You like my flippers?"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"[a little scared, looks around] Who said that?"
Free Willzyx,Jambu,I did.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,No way!
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"This is very exciting! Usually when I talk, nobody can hear me. Where are you from?"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,[timidly] South Park.
Free Willzyx,Jambu,It sure is nice to have somebody to talk to. Can't we talk more? Please?
Free Willzyx,Kyle,What do you wanna talk about?
Free Willzyx,Jambu,Let's talk about rocket ships.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Rocket ships?
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"[it's actually Brian, still in his booth] Yeah. I love rockets, but I can't see them 'cause I'm stuck in this tank. [he and Mike both laugh, then he shushes Mike and returns to the mic]. You know, someday, I wish that I could go up in space in a rocket ship."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Why? Aren't you happy here?
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"I try to be, but my wish is to one day blast off in a big rocket ship!"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,This is amazing! But wait right here. I've gotta go tell my friends about this! [the two men in the booth are laughing their asses off]
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"Oh God, it's funny every single time. [Mike continues laughing]"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,At another exhibit in the park.
Free Willzyx,Stingray Announcer,"And for those of you just joining us, this is the stingray tank. Stingrays are members of the shark family, but they're extremely peaceful creatures. We invite you to gently touch the top of them as they swim by."
Free Willzyx,Cartman,"[slapping the water as a stingray approaches] Heh! Come on, stingray! [it speeds away. Another one approaches] Splash me! Ha! Hey, splash me! [it speeds away as well] Dude, these things are dumb. Let's go!"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,[running up to the other boys] Hey you guys! You guys are not gonna believe this!
Free Willzyx,Stan,What?
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Dude, he talks! The orca whale talks!"
Free Willzyx,Kenny,(What the fuck are you talking about?)
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"I went up to Jambu's tank and I tapped three times like the trainer did. Jambu swam up and started talking to me about rocket ships! Come on! You gotta check it out! [runs back towards Jambu's exhibit, grinning]"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Jambu's exhibit, Orca Ocean."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Jambu! Jambu, I'm back! [hits the wall four times, and Jambu swims around, stopping in front of Kyle again] How are you feeling? [no reply. A few seconds later...] Huhm. Jambu, you wanna talk about rocket ships? [Brian is playing a video game, Mike is reading a book - Mother Trucker.] Ja- Jambu? Are you still feelin' lonely here?"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,"Kyle, Kyle. Let it go, man."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"He talked! I swear to Abraham he talked, and he loves rocket ships!"
Free Willzyx,Mike,"[noticing the commotion] Dude, he's back, he's back! [the two men get ready]"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Goddammit, say something!"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,"Come on, guys, let's leave Kyle with his stupid whale."
Free Willzyx,Jambu,[Cartman stops in his tracks] Please don't call me stupid.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Jambu! Jambu, why didn't you speak up before?"
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"I'm sorry. Sometimes I can't talk. It's because I'm very very sick, you see."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Sick?
Free Willzyx,Stan,I don't believe it.
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"Yes, because I'm not used to the earth atmosphere. You see, my name is actually Willzy-x, and I'm from the moon! [Brian clicks off his mic, Mike laughs, and they both crack up]"
Free Willzyx,Mike,The moon?
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"The... that's where all orca whales are from. If I don't get back to the moon, I'm going to die."
Free Willzyx,Cartman,You live on the moon?
Free Willzyx,Jambu,I used to. I wish I could return and dance in the moon castle with my wife and three children again.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Oh my God...
Free Willzyx,Stan,Why don't you just tell the people here at the sea park?
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"I can't tell them, because they're evil communists from the Horsehead Nebula. They want to kill all us zypods, so they keep us in these horrible tanks and make us perform."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,That's terrible!
Free Willzyx,Mike,"Dude, dude, the boss is coming!"
Free Willzyx,Jambu,"Uh, uh, sorry boys, I can't talk anymore. I'm too sick. [coughs] Can't. Talk. Any. More. [coughs. The boys stand there, stunned]"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, basement."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Alright guys, listen up! This may sound a little strange, but, the whale, at the Denver Sea Park, is going to die, unless we get it to the moon,"
Free Willzyx,Butters,Well okay! Let's do it!
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"The whale's name is Willzy-x, and he told us he's dying on our planet. We've come up wth a plan, but we're gonna need all of your help to make it work."
Free Willzyx,Clyde,...A whale. Talked to you.
Free Willzyx,Stan,It's true. The whale talked to all of us. In between shows at his orca tank.
Free Willzyx,Craig,"Hey, that whale talked to me too. After everyone left the show I walked up to the glass and he started talking."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Weh-well, why didn't you tell anybody?"
Free Willzyx,Craig,Well I thought I was crazy. He said my dad was gonna sneak into my room naked one night and beat me up.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Well you're NOT crazy. The whale talked to all of us. And he needs our help getting him home.
Free Willzyx,Craig,...So it's true.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Nobody else is going to help him, you guys. We've got a chance to do something pretty special here. Are you with us?"
Free Willzyx,Token,...What do we do?
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Stan? [Stan rises and approaches the easel]
Free Willzyx,Stan,"All right. In order to make our plan work, we're going to need the pool from Clyde's back yard, Timmy's wheelchair, the Russian government, and all of our skateboards."
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Denver Sea Park, night. The boys arrive at the park. A security guard whistles as he patrols the grounds. Behind him a wheelchair is heard. He pulls out a flashlight and swings it around to highlight everywhere he looks. Timmy and the gang roll by quietly, the pool riding on the skateboards."
Free Willzyx,Timmy,"[softly] Timmihhhhh... [The guard looks back just after they pass by, so he just missed them. The boys reach Jambu's tank]"
Free Willzyx,Stan,"Craig, Token, get the slings ready. [Cartman, Clyde, and a third boy position a ladder into place. Jambu swims over to see what's happening.]"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Shhh. Willzy-x, don't say anything. We're gonna bust you out of here."
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Denver Sea Park, morning. Brian and Mike arrive at work."
Free Willzyx,Brian,"Dude, did you see that episode of Trading Spouses last night? That was insane. Yeah, well ha- whoa. What the hell? [people mill around by Jambu's tank. Police officers move about. The park's owner talks to the guard]"
Free Willzyx,Owner,"How could you not have seen anything?? It's a whale, for Christ's sake!"
Free Willzyx,Guard,It must have been taken while I was going to the bathroom.
Free Willzyx,Owner,Were you in there for three hours?!
Free Willzyx,Guard,"[hurt, turns away and shields himself] Don't yell at me! [Brianand Mike arrive from the booth]"
Free Willzyx,Brian,What happened?
Free Willzyx,Kelly,"Somebody kidnapped Jambu, took him right out of the park."
Free Willzyx,Mike,What? How?
Free Willzyx,Guard,[raises his head up long enough to say] I DON'T KNOW!
Free Willzyx,Sergeant,"All right, people, it's obvious we're dealing with a highly intelligent animal-rights group. Those bastards have done stuff like this before."
Free Willzyx,Nelson,"Sir! Sir, we've found a note!"
Free Willzyx,Owner,A note? Let me see that. [reads the note] We're taking Willzy-x home to the moon. Long live the zypods! [the duo instantly realize who stole Jambu] What the hell does that mean?
Free Willzyx,Sergeant,"Harris, run a fingerprint on that note! [hands the note to Harris] Nelson! Find out what kind of crayon it was written with. [Nelson leaves] We'll find out who was responsible for this! [the duo know the jig is up]"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,The Orca Ocean booth. The duo are inside. Brian paces the floor.
Free Willzyx,Mike,We have to tell them! We know what those boys look like!
Free Willzyx,Brian,"We can't tell them, then they're, they're gonna think this is all our fault"
Free Willzyx,Mike,It IS all our fault!
Free Willzyx,Brian,How were we supposed to know that they were gonna actually do it?!
Free Willzyx,Mike,"I shouldn't have laughed. All those times we've messed with those kids' heads, I shouldn't have just sat there and laughed."
Free Willzyx,Brian,[grabs him by the arms] Don't you say that! It was funny! It was really funny! We've just... [lets him go] we've just gotta make this right ourselves.
Free Willzyx,Mike,How?
Free Willzyx,Brian,We've gotta track down those kids. Before the police do!
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Moscow, day, the Kremlin. Inside, Putin and members of his staff meet in a boardroom."
Free Willzyx,Putin,"Comrades, I'm afraid our situation is dire. The economy is stale and I... Very soon, Mother Russia... will no longer be a country."
Free Willzyx,Aide,"Sir! Sir, somebody is on telephone! Another rich American wants to fly into space! [silence, then everyone rushes into Putin's office]"
Free Willzyx,Putin,"Hello? Hello, this is Russian President."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Hi. My name's Kyle. Uh, I understand that your country flies people into space for money."
Free Willzyx,Putin,"Yes, we certainly do! [holds his left thumb up for the others to see] What were you looking for?"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"I need to book one trip to the moon, please. Right away."
Free Willzyx,Putin,"The moon. That is quite large trip, but I'm sure we can do it!"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,You can? Awesome!
Free Willzyx,Putin,"It sounds like we're in business! We will just need, say, twenty million dollars?"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,[lowers the phone with some disbelief] Twenty... million? [raises the phone to his ear again] Are you nuts? We don't have that kind of money.
Free Willzyx,Putin,...What?
Free Willzyx,Kyle,But you need to understand: we have a whale here that needs to get back to his family on the moon.
Free Willzyx,Putin,"Goddamnit it is prank call again! [his staff leaves] Kiss my ass, George Bush! This is not funny! [slams the phone onto the base]"
Free Willzyx,Stan,What happened?
Free Willzyx,Kyle,They want twenty million dollars.
Free Willzyx,Cartman,Twenty million? Just to go to the dumb moon?
Free Willzyx,Craig,That was it? That was you guys' whole plan? Ask the Russians to take the whale to space?
Free Willzyx,Stan,They were going to do it for that 'N Sync guy.
Free Willzyx,Tweek,"Oh, Jesus, now what are we gonna do?!"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"All right, look, there's gotta be other Third-World countries with space programs. We've gotta split up and find someplace cheaper, that's all."
Free Willzyx,Clyde,"Well we can't keep the whale out here anymore, people are gonna see it!"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,Channel 4 News Break.
Free Willzyx,Anchor Tom,"A beloved performing orca whale has been stolen from the Denver Sea Park. A full investigation is underway, but tracking down the kidnappers is proving to be one WHALE of a problem."
Free Willzyx,Field reporter,"Thanks, Tom, I'm here at the Denver Sea Park where, believe it or not, dozens of people have come to show support for whoever took the whale. [a crowd of protesters begin to chant]"
Free Willzyx,ALF leader,"That's right. We are members of the Animal Liberation Front! Whales do not belong in tanks, they belong in the ocean! We applaud whoever did this noble deed! Set the whales free!"
Free Willzyx,Protesters,Set the whales free!
Free Willzyx,Field reporter,One thing for certain: something is certainly FISHY here at the Sea Park. Tom?
Free Willzyx,Anchor Tom,"Thank, Mitch. It seems that this problem is almost un-BEAR-able. [no one says a word] Let's hope that whale is found."
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,Brian and Mike arrive in South Park in a truck with a tank-trailer.
Free Willzyx,Mike,"This is so bad, man. How do we even know this is the right town to look in??"
Free Willzyx,Brian,Will you relax? Those kids said they were from South Park. We've just gotta go door to door. Do you have the composite sketch we did?
Free Willzyx,Mike,[holds up a sheet of paper] Yeah.
Free Willzyx,Brian,Let's go! [they exit the truck and face the houses on one side of the street]
Free Willzyx,Mike,"Maybe you should start with the houses on the left, a-and I'll take the-"
Free Willzyx,Brian,"[stops him] Wait a minute. Check that out! [before them is a big pool in a backyard. The fence, which normally blocks off the view from the street, is destroyed, and tracks go through the gap all the way to the pool] Come on! [they move towards the pool and walk up the steps. Brian grabs some crap floating on the surface and shows it to Mike] Oh my good, look!"
Free Willzyx,Mike,Whale poo.
Free Willzyx,Brian,We're close. We're really close!
Free Willzyx,Mrs. Donovan,[the sliding door opens] Can I help you?
Free Willzyx,Brian,[drops the poo quickly and turns to face her] Oh... h-hello ma'am. We're just here to examine your pool.
Free Willzyx,Mrs. Donovan,Oh.
Free Willzyx,Mike,Have you noticed any whales in your pool at all?
Free Willzyx,Mrs. Donovan,"No, I don't believe so. But we've been out of town for a couple of days and came back to find the fence broken. Do you think somebody's been using it?"
Free Willzyx,Brian,"Ma'am, do you recognize any of these boys? [Mike hands her the sketch. She takes it and studies it]"
Free Willzyx,Mrs. Donovan,"The fat one in the middle... kinda looks like Dakota Fanning. Excuse me, gentlemen, I have to get back to the oven. [hands the sketch back to the Mike]"
Free Willzyx,Mike,"[turns around, getting exasperated] We're too late. They've moved on to another town!"
Free Willzyx,Brian,We don't know that!
Free Willzyx,Mike,"If they've moved on, then we have no leads! This is fate, Brian! It's fate! For telling the kids their naked dads were gonna beat them up! For thinking that screwing with kids was funny!"
Free Willzyx,Brian,"[grabs his Mike and shakes him] It WAS funny!! It was funny, Bob! And it will be funny again, I swear to you! If those boys took the whale out of here, we would have seen them on the road! I'm telling you, we're close. It's going to be funny!"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. His parents are at his bedroom door with Ike."
Free Willzyx,Sheila,"[knocks three times] Kyle bubbe, we're taking Ike to the new Harry Potter movie. Wanna join us?"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"I can't, Mom. We're working on our school project."
Free Willzyx,Sheila,"All right. Well, there's pizza in the fridge if you and your friends get hungry. [Gerald goes down the stairs with Ike as she speaks, then she turns away and goes down the stairs]"
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Okay ma, thanks! [behind him is Jambu, and the other boys are keeping him moist]"
Free Willzyx,Butters,Shouldn't we get him back in the water?
Free Willzyx,Clyde,"Whales are mammals; they don't need water to breathe, dumb-ass."
Free Willzyx,Cartman,"Yeah, we just have to keep him wet."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Yes, yes, hello? Is this Mr. Su-gi-yama with the Japanese space program? [waits for the answer] How much to take a whale into space? [waits for the answer] Nu-no, we don't want you to eat the whale, we want you to send it to the moon. How much? Jesus Christ! Uh hang on. [puts Mr. Sugiyama on hold as he answers another call] Hello? Jimmy, any luck at the Chinese Embassy?"
Free Willzyx,Jimmy,[with Timmy and Tweek] The Ch-Chinese will take someone to space for t-t-ten million dollars.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Ten million?? Well that's more than the Germans want!
Free Willzyx,Jimmy,"Yeah. We told them that, a-and they told us to go f-fruck ourselves."
Free Willzyx,Kyle,"Damnit! [hangs up without returning to Mr. Sugiyama] Tell me what to do, Willzy-x! How do we get you home??"
Free Willzyx,Cartman,He hasn't said a word since we brought him here.
Free Willzyx,Kyle,Yeah... He must be really sick. [walks up to the whale and strokes him] Hang on Willzy-x. There's still hope. Stan and Craig might still luck with the space program down in Mexico.
Free Willzyx,Clyde,Mexico has a space program?
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"Mexico. A view of the coast is first seen. Then, in a downtown area, a bus lets Stan and Craig out and leaves. Stan follows the directions on a map, and eventually end up in front of Jose's Ceramica Y Fuentes. A man is sitting by the entrance next to a fountain."
Free Willzyx,Stan,"Uh, excuse me, we're looking for the Mexican... [enunciates] Aeronautica y Spacia Administra-tio-n?"
Free Willzyx,Man,"Allí. (""There"") [points down the road]"
Free Willzyx,Stan,Thanks. [they leave and arrive at MASA - Mexicana Aeronáuti'co y Spacia Administración]
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"MASA - Mexicana Aeronáuti'co y Spacia Administración. Within the chain link fence, there are a few buildings, along with abandoned appliances, oil barrels and a gass pump and several men either standing or sitting around and relaxing. One man, Mannuel, is by the entrance and appears to be cleaning a rocket part as Stan and Craig appear."
Free Willzyx,Stan,"Is this the Mexican space program? [again, neglected beauty, and the place looks quite primitive for a space administration, straight out of the 1950s.]"
Free Willzyx,Mannuel,"Space, sí (""Yes""). Fly [Gestures flying upward with his left hand]."
Free Willzyx,Stan,Does the Mexican space programs have rockets that can go to the moon?
Free Willzyx,Mannuel,"Claro. Sígueme. (""Sure. Follow me"") [sets down the part he was cleaning and goes inside the complex. The boys follow him]"
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"MASA - Mexicana Aeronáuti'co y Spacia Administración. Inner complex. Along with more garbage and abandoned cars, there are three rockets lined up to be launched. The rockets are near a boat dock."
Free Willzyx,Mannuel,"De rocket lunar? (""The space rocket?"")"
Free Willzyx,Stan,This rocket will fly to the moon?
Free Willzyx,Mannuel,"Sí (""Yes""). Fly [Gestures flying upward with his left hand]."
Free Willzyx,Stan,To the moon?
Free Willzyx,Mannuel,Sí.
Free Willzyx,Stan,[enunciates] We want to take something to the moon. How much would that cost?
Free Willzyx,Man 2,O-ah... Two hundred.
Free Willzyx,Stan,Two hundred? Million?
Free Willzyx,Man 2,Two hundred... dollars.
Free Willzyx,Stan,"[to Craig] Quick, call Kyle."
Free Willzyx,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day. Sheila is cleaning a lamp table next to the sofa when the doorbell rings. She goes to answer it."
