Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,Outside Outback Steakhouse. Randy runs into a fleeing couple
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,What is it?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Husband,It's a Guineasaurus Rex! [Randy turns around and sees the G. Rex next to P.F. Chang. It's much bigger than other guinea creatures: about 30 feet high at the shoulder. Everyone near it scatters. Randy zooms in on the car it seems to be eating from and sees a dead couple there. The woman's body is halfway out the car through the windshield. The man's body is halfway out through the passenger door. The alarm has gone off.]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Shelly,Oh my Gohhhd!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Oh no, I'm way too startled!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,"[points up to the sky] Look! [three jet fighters swoop in from somewhere and fire missiles at the G. Rex, but it remains unscathed]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Jesus, they can't kill it! [turns his camera to Shelly] What do you think about the Guineasaurus Rex, Shelly? [she's scared, but moves closer to the street to get a better look. This puts her in the same frame as the G. Rex] Oh that's good. There, there's Shelly with the Guineasaurus Rex in the background. Give, give a little peace sign, Shelly. [Shelly turns around frozen in fear] Oh I know, hold out your palm so it looks like you're holding the Guineasaurus Rex. Shelly?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Sharon,Randy?! I have had it! You are putting down that God damned camera!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"Sharon, you're gonna be really glad we have all this footage of the family someday. [she rears back and smacks the camera out of his hand]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"Machu Picchu, night. Chertoff arrives with his staff at the site in a military helicopter"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"Wait here a minute. [nearby a huge golden Incan idol holds a stick and a pan flute. Chertoff approaches it and opens his arms] Behold! I am standing on your precious land! I've waited a long time for this! [unzips his pants and urinates on the statue, mocking it with laughter]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier 6,What's he doing?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,What of your prophecy now?! Nothing can stop me! [there's some sound to his left and he turns to see what it is. It's Craig climbing over a wall and dusting himself off. Chertoff approaches him in anger] Craiiig! [the other four boys appear behind Craig] No! How did you get here?!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,"Hey, it's that asshole who sent us to the jungle with nobody to pick us up!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier 6,"Sir, ih-is everything all right?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,Shoot them!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Soldier 7,Shoot them?
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,They're a Peruvian band that escaped. We must keep them contained.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,"No no, listen to me. The Peruvian flute bands were keeping the guinea creatures away. Whatever is happening to the world is happening because you guys got rid of all the flute bands."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,I said shoot them!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,Go look! It's all an ancient Incan prophecy.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official,"Maybe we should look at it, sir."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"Damn you Craiiig! You just don't ever stop, do you?!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,I didn't say anything.
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"[begins his speech] You see, for thousands of years horrid creatures have lived in the Guinea Valley of Peru. The Incas learned how to keep the creatures at bay: by playing pan flute music. Guinea creatures hate it even more than humans do. But the prophecy foretold that one day the creatures would be unleashed and I have made that happen! The Incas predicted the world would be saved... by Craig. But that part of the prophecy will not come true! For you will all die on this mountain! [one of the soldiers fires his rifle and the bullets pierce through Chertoff's chest, leaving a large hole. Chertoff looks at the hole and cackles]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official,"You're, you're some kind of monster."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"[ominously] Oh, I'm much more than that. Guinea bees, guinea rabbits, guineasaurus rexes, I am something much more evil! [he begins to transform. His mouth becomes a round orifice with a few teeth inside, then into a horrible beast with many teeth in his mouth and a pirate costume on his body, and finally, a giant guinea pirate] Arrrgh."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official,Guinea pirate! [dives into the bushes]
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Stan,Jesus Christ!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"Sir, I promise you, I'm not going to ruin your plans. I'll just walk away. See? [walks onto a square with a pattern on it. The circle in the center of the pattern lights up and begins to rotate up and out. Two stone slabs jut out from the pillar. The golden idol's eyes light up. A beam of light goes from the idol's staff to one of the slabs, and two beams of lightning come out of Craig's eyes and strike the guinea pirate]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff,"Dargh, no!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"Okay, now there's sparks shooting out of my eyes."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Michael Chertoff:,"Argh, curse ye, Craig. Dar, argh. [the guinea pirate falls on its back and the beams turn off. The slabs go back into the pillar and the pillar rotates back into the ground. The four boys approach Craig, stunned at what just happened. Craig lets out a big sigh of relief]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"A picture of Craig is shown, and Gery Numan's ""Cars"" is playing in pan flute format"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"My name is Craig Tucker. Last week I stopped a guinea pirate from taking over the earth. All the Peruvian flute bands were released, [a shot of that is shown; happy pan flute musicians] and drove the guinea creatures back to the Andes mountains. [shots from all over are shown, specifically South Park and New York City: pan flute bands are driving the guinea creatures away] Many people had died, but mankind had prevailed. [shots of the cleanup are shown. The Marshes are among the rescued] All over the world, survivors were found, living witnesses to the horror that had been seen."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Randy,"[trying to show a video clip to two firemen] Here here, look, look! [there's no picture] What the? [opens the camera to check it out] Oh- ohhh I didn't have a tape in it. [someone else took a picture of that, though]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Craig,"The guinea pirate lived, but was taken to prison to live out the rest of his days. [the guinea pirate is taken to the Washington D.C. State Penitentiary strapped down to a flatbed truck. Next, a shot of Paris is shown: a Peruvian flute band plays at the Champs Elysées] And people all over the world learned to support their local Peruvian flute bands, and buy their CDs. For they protect us from the guinea creatures. As for me, I was returned home by Homeland Security. [Top Official 1 and Official 3 drop him off and smile at the joyful parents] My parents were sooo happy. [a shot of Craig looking at himself in the mirror, reflecting on the events surrounding his trip to Peru] I realized that we don't always have control over what happens to us. [a shot of Craig in bed, just after bedtime] We are but players on the stage of life. And I also learned to never listen when people come asking you for money. [a shot of the boys dressed as Mariachis standing at Craig's front porch talking to him; he slams the door in their faces.]"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,Craig's front yard. The boys walk away all pissed off
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Cartman,That guy's an asshole!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kyle,"Yeah, what a dick!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Kenny,(I fuckin' hate Craig!)
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Scene Description,"Department of Homeland Security, days later. A new director has taken over and is seated behind a solid wooden desk"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official 2,"[enters the office without warning] Sir! Sir, we have a problem!"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,New Director,What now?!
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official 2,"The former director of Homeland Security, that turned out to be a guinea pig? It attacked the guards, got out of its holding cell."
Pandemic 2: The Startling,New Director,"My God, are you telling me..?"
Pandemic 2: The Startling,Top Official 2,"Yes sir. It broke out of prison. [heavy footfalls are felt throughout Washington D.C. Car alarms go off, people scream, and a large guinea pig in striped prison uniform appears. The camera shuts off.]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Chicago, night. Barack Obama stands behind a podium facing two TelePrompTers, two glass walls, and a crowd of supporters. He has just won the Presidency."
About Last Night...,Obama,"If there is anyone out there tonight who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer. [a cheer goes up in the audience]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The Marsh house. Randy jumps for joy while his family, including Grandpa Marsh, sits on the sofa behind him. Another couple stands behind the sofa. Gerald and Sheila sit on a second sofa. Randy and Gerald wear Obama shirts"
About Last Night...,Randy,Yyeeaahh!!!! [pumps his beer can up and down a couple of times] Obama! [runs around] WOOOOO! We did it! We F'in' did it!
About Last Night...,Gerald,[stands up] Yyeeaahh!!!!
About Last Night...,Obama,"It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this date in this election at this defining moment, change has come to America."
About Last Night...,Randy,"Yyeeaahh!!!! Yeah Obama! Chaaange! It's, it's chaaange!"
About Last Night...,Obama,"Sasha and Malia, I love you both more than you can imagine, and you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House. We will name him ""Sparkles""."
About Last Night...,Randy,[kneels before the TV] He's so awesome! [runs his hand over the screen a few times] He's so perfect and awesome!
About Last Night...,Obama,"Where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell us that we can’t, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes We Can."
About Last Night...,Supporters,[in Chicago] Yes we can!
About Last Night...,Randy,Yes I can! Yes I can! [the others watch him run out of the house]
About Last Night...,Scene Description,Outside the Marsh house. Randy opens the door and proclaims
About Last Night...,Randy,Here comes the change everybody! WOOO! [people nearby gather around the front steps]
About Last Night...,Mr. Harris,Did you see? Our man is in! [among the gathering crowd are Mr. Adler and the Blacks.]
About Last Night...,Mrs. Harris,We did it!
About Last Night...,Mr. Adler,Everything is going to be awesome now!
About Last Night...,Randy,This is the greatest day of our lives! Yes we can!
About Last Night...,Linda Black,I don't even know what to do now.
About Last Night...,Randy,I know what to do! [steps into the street and cups his hands on his cheeks so as to amplify his voice] Losers! Looosers!
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, living room. A ""Go McCain"" banner hangs over the sofa. Mr. Garrison sits on a chair, Stephen and Linda sit on the sofa with Mr. Mackey, Principal Victoria and her boyfriend sit on two chairs in front of Mr. Mackey. Most everyone there is wearing a McCain/Palin shirt or sweater"
About Last Night...,Crowd,[outside] Looosers! Looosers!
About Last Night...,Stephen,"Oh, shut up!"
About Last Night...,Crowd,Looosers!
About Last Night...,Butters,We lost?
About Last Night...,McCain,"[giving his concession speech] It is natural. It's natural tonight to feel some disappointment. We fought as hard as we could, and though we fell short, the failure is mine, not yours."
About Last Night...,Supporters,No no! Noo nooo!
About Last Night...,Butters,"Aw, poor ol' John McCain. Well he looks real sad."
About Last Night...,Stephen,"[gets up and walks to the TV] No. No, this can't happen! No! [kicks the TV screen, causing it to short and shatter]"
About Last Night...,Linda,Stephen!
About Last Night...,Stephen,"It's all over, Linda! The country as we know it is about to change. We're all dead."
About Last Night...,Linda,"You don't know that, Stephen!"
About Last Night...,Mr. Mackey,"With an inexperienced man as President, we do know it! He is right! Game over, man! Okay?!"
About Last Night...,Mr. Garrison,We'll probably be dead by sunrise!
About Last Night...,Stephen,"Butters, Daddy loves you. Just remember that... he always loved youuu... [someone pounds on the door. Stephen and Butters look over and the door opens. It's Randy]"
About Last Night...,Randy,WOOOO Obama!
About Last Night...,Mr. Garrison,Get out o'here!
About Last Night...,Scene Description,The Marsh house. It's quiet there now. The doorbell rings and Stan answers it. He sees Kyle and Ike on the landing
About Last Night...,Kyle,"Dude, have you seen my parents? [Ike begins to cry]"
About Last Night...,Stan,"No, everyone is out partying in the streets. What's wrong with your brother?"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"He was a McCain supporter. [Ike cries harder] It's okay, Ike. Obama will do fine."
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Chicago, Obama headquarters. It's 1:10 am and Obama steps through some double doors. The press awaits him."
About Last Night...,Reporter 1,"Uh Mr. President, over here!"
About Last Night...,Reporter 2,Congratulations!
About Last Night...,Reporter 3,"Great start, great job!"
About Last Night...,Reporter 4,Change!
About Last Night...,Reporter 5,"Great job, Mr. President!"
About Last Night...,Reporter 6,"Great job, Obama!"
About Last Night...,Obama,"Thank you all for your support. If you don't mind, I'm gonna spend the rest of the evening getting some much needed rest. [steps through double doors at the other end of the hall and closes them behind him. A man walks out of the shadows as Obama turns away from the doors] Senator McCain."
About Last Night...,McCain,"President Obama. [the two men step up and face each other, then start to giggle, then roar with laughter. They give each other a high-five and a low-five.]"
About Last Night...,"McCain, Obama","Boom, baby!"
About Last Night...,Obama,Ohoh man that was perfect! [works on removing his jacket]
About Last Night...,McCain,[pulls out a cell phone and starts calling someone] I almost thought we were gonna tie for a minute there. That would have screwed us.
About Last Night...,Obama,"You played it perfectly, there was no way."
About Last Night...,McCain,"It's McCain, we did it! Obama is President."
About Last Night...,Davis,"Yeah, so I've heard. You guys are out of your freakin' minds, you know that?"
About Last Night...,McCain,"Yes, we do. Assemble the rest of the team: we've only got ten hours."
About Last Night...,Davis,"Sure. Hard part's over, right?"
About Last Night...,McCain,"Actually, the hard part's just starting."
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The streets of South Park. Two men set up a ""Obama for President 2008"" banner over the roof of a house. Down below are posters and banners for Obama plastered all over the houses and the crowd is partying to ""Celebration"". Randy rallies them on by blowing through a paper horn"
About Last Night...,Reveler 1,[gulps down a beer] Yoohoo!
About Last Night...,Reveler 2,"Obama yeah, I can't believe it!"
About Last Night...,Randy,O ba ma! O ba ma!
About Last Night...,Revelers,O ba ma! O ba ma!
About Last Night...,Randy,Cehhh-lebrate good Obama come on! [reaches a keg of beer and serves himself some into a mug] It's Obamobama! [someone walks by and just throws up]
About Last Night...,Scene Description,Stan's house. He and Kyle look at the partying going on outside. Stan is on the phone
About Last Night...,Stan,"Yes, I'd like to make a noise complaint. [outside the music changes to ""Who Let The Dogs Out?"" Someone swings from a traffic light and falls. A truck full of young adults rolls by]"
About Last Night...,Crowd,Obama!
About Last Night...,Randy,"Who let the Obama out? [moments later a police car rolls down the street, slowly going through the crowd] Ohoh, police are here. OooooOOOOooo!"
About Last Night...,Crowd,OooooOOOOooo! [Officer Barbrady stops the cruiser and hops out of it]
About Last Night...,Barbrady,"Okay people, time to disperse. Party's over!"
About Last Night...,Randy,BOOOO! [other people join in the booing]
About Last Night...,Reveler,...party Obama!
About Last Night...,Barbrady,"Come on, time to go home."
About Last Night...,Randy,What are you? A McCain voter?
About Last Night...,Crowd,Yeah!
About Last Night...,Randy,"Sorry pal, but Obama's President now! [walks towards Barbrady, and his pants begin to fall to his ankles] Obama! Obama! [walks past him and towards the police car]"
About Last Night...,Crowd,Obama! Obama!
About Last Night...,Randy,"Yeah yeah, flip the... Flip the cop car! Flip the cop car! [other revelers walk up and help out]"
About Last Night...,Barbrady,"Ey, put down my car! [Randy and the revelers succeed in flipping the car over]"
About Last Night...,Revelers,"Yes we can! [they move in and keep rocking the car as the music switches to ""Mickey"".]"
About Last Night...,Barbrady,"No! No! Hey, stop it!"
About Last Night...,Stan,Jesus Christ...
About Last Night...,Randy,"O-bama you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind. Hey Obama! Hey Obama! [Cartman rolls by in his Big Wheels trike, pulling a cart full of TVs]"
About Last Night...,Cartman,"Hey, you guys wanna buy a TV? [Stan and Kyle just look at each other.]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Washington D.C., at the penthouse of a hotel. Obama and McCain enter a suite where the rest of their team is waiting for them. It's 2:15 am. The team members applaud them as they reach the middle of the room."
About Last Night...,Quincy,Bravo Obama and McCain. Ten years you two have been working on this plan and you've finally pulled it off!
About Last Night...,McCain,"Guys, we've all known each other a long time, had many incredible adventures, but this is going to be our greatest feat ever."
About Last Night...,Neely,I knew it! I knew when you two ran for President you were just working an angle.
About Last Night...,Obama,Always workin' the angles.
About Last Night...,McCain,"My friends, while the entire country is busy reacting to the election, we are about to pull off the greatest heist in human history."
About Last Night...,Quincy,"So, come on, enlighten us. What are we stealing this time? [Obama and McCain look at each other knowingly. The next scene shows a huge diamond necklace]"
About Last Night...,Obama,"The Hope Diamond, rated #4 of the ten most precious diamonds in the world. Going street value, Middle-Eastern market, of course, two hundred and ten million dollars."
About Last Night...,Davis,Two hundred ten?
About Last Night...,McCain,Million.
About Last Night...,Quincy,"No no no, the Hope Diamond is ungettable. Every thief in the world knows that."
About Last Night...,Obama,"Almost ungettable. The diamond is kept in the Smithsonian Natural History Museum, long considered to be the most thief-proof structure ever built. [Two security guards go around closing the exhibits for the night] The Diamond Wing Is protected by impenetrable walls of two-foot wide steel. On the northeast side, a seven-five laser system. [the guards walk out of a room and turn on the laser system as they exit] There's simply no side of the Smithsonian that can be breached."
About Last Night...,Davis,"So you go in from the roof, drop into it from the top."
About Last Night...,Obama,Can't get it to from the top because a polymer shelf runs the entire expanse.
About Last Night...,Quincy,"Okay, you can't get into the museum from any side and you can't drop in from above, so you can't get the diamond. [Obama walks over to the computer and turns it on, stepping aside for McCain]"
About Last Night...,McCain,"Meet... the Presidential Escape Tunnel, [a simulation begins to play on the computer monitors] A two-mile long underground passage that runs from the White House to a location outside the city limits in case of an attack. The tunnel is only accessible from the Oval Office and just happens to travel right underneath the Smithsonian Natural History Museum."
About Last Night...,"Neely, Davis","Boom, baby!"
About Last Night...,McCain,"You get somebody into that tunnel, they can blast into the museum, let the others in, the heist is on."
About Last Night...,Quincy,"So you both run for President because one of you has to win, and you've got your access to the tunnel."
About Last Night...,McCain,And we run on a particularly brutal campaign so that the nation is as distracted as possible over the next... eight hours.
About Last Night...,Quincy,This all sounds very risky.
About Last Night...,Obama,[walks across the floor] We've spent ten years putting this plan together. If we are indeed the greatest thief club in the world-
About Last Night...,Neely,And we are.
About Last Night...,Obama,[turns around] -we won't get caught.
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Stan's house, night. Kyle is in the kitchen, on the phone with 9-1-1."
About Last Night...,Kyle,"Yes, ah I'm trying to locate my parents. M-my name is Kyle Broflovski. Yes, I know Obama won."
About Last Night...,Stan,"[walks in from the dining room] Kyle, Kyle you gotta get out here."
About Last Night...,Kyle,What?!
About Last Night...,Stan,Your little brother has climbed out of the window. I I think he's gonna jump!
About Last Night...,Kyle,Oh my God! [drops the phone and follows Stan to Ike]
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Stan's house, one of the windows. Kyle is standing on a window sill in the den mumbling out loud. Stan and Kyle run outside and reach the window"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"Ike, don't do it! There's still so much to live for! [Ike begins to cry] I know you really wanted McCain to win but, but it's going to be okay. [Ike mumbles something to him] No, that's not true, Ike. The economy could easily stabilize with Obama's plan. [Ike says something more] Ike, don't jump! You could really hurt your ankle or something. [The camera zooms out to show that the window is barely off the ground. Ike cries, Stan and Kyle look at each other] Really Ike, that's like five feet off the ground. Don't do it."
About Last Night...,Ike,Good-bye. [falls from the window sill and lands on the ground face down]
About Last Night...,"Stan, Kyle",NOO!
About Last Night...,Kyle,Ike? [no response] Oh crap Ike?
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The White House, night"
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"All right, everyone, I'm turning in for the night. Go to standard security, team 3."
About Last Night...,SS agent 1,"Sir! S-sir, we have a bit of a problem."
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,What?
About Last Night...,SS agent 1,The new President-elect is here. Eh he wants into the Oval Office.
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,Barack Obama? [next scene shows Barack Obama walking through the White House]
About Last Night...,SS agent 2,"They're all, they're all right through here, sir."
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"[interrupting as Obama enters] Uh, hello, is there something we can do for you, Mr. Obama?"
About Last Night...,Obama,Just checking out the new digs. How are you guys?
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"Good, sir."
About Last Night...,Obama,"I'd like to see the Oval Office, please?"
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,Right now?
About Last Night...,Obama,"I don't waste time, gentlemen. I've only got two months to figure out how I wanna redecorate, if you know what I mean. You know, change the drapes and stuff."
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"[backs up towards the Oval Office] Sure, right this way, Mr... President. [opens the doors to the office]"
About Last Night...,Obama,"[enters the office] I will need absolute privacy, is that understood?"
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,Yes sir. [Obama places a bill into the Chief's jacket breast pocket]
About Last Night...,Obama,Thanks. [closes the doors]
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,I got a hundred dollars. [grins]
About Last Night...,Scene Description,Inside the Oval Office.
About Last Night...,Obama,"All right, McCain. I'm in."
About Last Night...,McCain,"Nicely done, B. We're in position outside the Smithsonian. [he's with a construction team] You find the escape tunnel?"
About Last Night...,Obama,I'm already on it. [plugs a hacking device into an electronic lock hidden under a panel on the desktop; it quickly starts crunching numbers in trying to decode the password. Once it decodes the right password the desk moves to one side and the secret passage is revealed] Boom baby.
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"South Park, early early morning. The Obama supporters are still partying on the neighborhood streets. The music this time is ""Whoomp! (There it is)"""
About Last Night...,Reveler 3,Yehhheheah!
About Last Night...,Randy,"[even more drunk than before, serves himself more beer] Wooo, change."
About Last Night...,Reveler 4,Change.
About Last Night...,Reveler 5,Change.
About Last Night...,Stan,"[running up to him with Kyle] Dad Dad, we have a problem."
About Last Night...,Randy,Not anymore we don't; everything's different now.
About Last Night...,Stan,"No, Dad, we gotta take Kyle's brother to the hospital."
About Last Night...,Randy,"We don't have to take... crap... from the fit- rich, fat cats anymore."
About Last Night...,Stan,"Dude, he's wasted."
About Last Night...,Randy,"Hey, it's my boss. Hey boss! [walks over]"
About Last Night...,Randy's boss,"Oh, hello Marsh."
About Last Night...,Randy,"Yeah, you know what? Fuck you! [Stan and Kyle are stunned]"
About Last Night...,Randy's boss,Huh?
About Last Night...,Randy,"You heard me, you fuckin' piece of shit! I can finally tell you what I think o'you, fuckin' asshole!"
About Last Night...,Stan,"[quite concerned] Dad, what are you doing?!"
About Last Night...,Randy,"It's okay, Stan, everything's changed. I don't need this stupid fuckin' job anymore! You lil fucking assfuck, piece of shit [gives him the finger again] You know what Obama said? Yes we can!"
About Last Night...,Randy's boss,"Hey, I voted for Obama."
About Last Night...,Randy,Obama's not talkin' about you!
About Last Night...,Kyle,"[looks around] Can someone help us? My little brother fell out of a window. [Randy punches his boss in the face and his boss just leaves, holding his hands over his nose]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,McCain headquarters. Sarah Palin stands behind a podium. Photographers snap away at their cameras
About Last Night...,Palin,I just wanna say to everyone who's a little disappointed that we lost the election that there's always next year. Maybe I'll run again for Vice President again in 2009. [the cameras die down and everyone is a bit aghast at her statement]
About Last Night...,Reporter 1,"Uh Mrs. Palin, have you seen or heard from John McCain?"
About Last Night...,Palin,"Uh, uh, nnno, I don't really know where he went. Kinda seems a little odd, I guess, but [her cell phone begins to ring] Oh, my phone's going ringy. Ex-cuse me. [steps away from the podium and off the stage to her left. She answers the phone at a safe distance from the stage] Hello?"
About Last Night...,McCain,"Hello Sarah, it's McCain."
About Last Night...,Palin,[switches to a British accent] I hope to God you're calling to tell me you're in position below the vault with the L7 charges.
About Last Night...,Obama,"I'm in the tunnel now, Sarah. I should be almost below the museum."
About Last Night...,Palin,Just make sure you don't blow the transformers along with the tunnel because it will trigger the five-four laser system! And don't damage any coupling wires or it'll be worthless when Gary shuts down the grid. I'll be there in thirty.
About Last Night...,Obama,God she's awesome.
About Last Night...,Palin,"[returns to the podium and a normal voice] Oh, I guess Senator McCain's gonna fly me back to Alaska now. He's got a private jet, you know? Okay, byebye then. [walks off to her right] Bloody idiots. [she walks out of the headquarters through a side door, tosses off her red business suit and walks towards the camera in a catsuit. She whips out some sais and spins them around like pistols]"
About Last Night...,McCain,"All right, here we go. [a piledriver is turned on and a massive pile is lifted up, then dropped. Shockwaves spread out each time the pile hits the ground]"
About Last Night...,Guard 1,What's that noise?
About Last Night...,Guard 2,"It's okay, just some construction outside. [Obama prepares a charge and sets it off, and light enters the tunnel. Obama has broken into the Smithsonian. He pops his head through the hole]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,Inside the Smithsonian. Obama looks around and sees the laser system is on.
About Last Night...,Obama,Oh no. [presses a button on his headset] McCain? We've got a problem. [the lasers are now blue instead of red]
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"South Park streets, night. Stan and Kyle have placed Ike in a red Radio Flier wagon and are pulling him along. Ike moans from time to time. They pass by a gas station]"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"Hang in there, Ike. We're gonna get you help."
About Last Night...,Stan,"[points ahead] Hey, there's some people. [ahead of them is a garage that has been converted into a cave. Stephen Stotch and the other McCain supporters are there putting stuff away. Stephen is holding a crowd of other McCain supporters at bay with a rifle.]"
About Last Night...,Stephen,"Let's just stay back- STAY BACK! We don't have any more room in the Ark. [above the garage door is the work ""A.RK""]"
About Last Night...,Man 1,You have to let us in! You know the country's doomed!
About Last Night...,Woman 1,Who are you to turn us away?!
About Last Night...,Stephen,I built this bunker in case McCain lost! There isn't enough room for everyone!
About Last Night...,Kyle,"Hey, excuse me, but we need some help."
About Last Night...,Stephen,"I know you do, but there's no more room, I tell ya!"
About Last Night...,Man 2,You're going to deny them too?
About Last Night...,Man 1,"[throws down his sleeping bag] For God's sake, man, they're children! [kneels next to Stan] Look them in the eyes and tell them you won't take them in! [tugs on Stan's cheeks] Look at their little cheeks!"
About Last Night...,Stan,"Let go of my face, asshole!"
About Last Night...,Stephen,"All right, damn you! The children can come in!"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"No, we don't want to enter any of your stupid shelter!"
About Last Night...,Man 3,"Okay, then I want their place."
About Last Night...,Man 4,Me too.
About Last Night...,Kyle,We NEED a ride to the hospital!
About Last Night...,Man 1,THERE ISN'T GONNA BE A HOSPITAL! DON'T YOU GET IT?!
About Last Night...,Woman 2,"Let us in now! [Stephen smacks her away, and a brawl follows]"
About Last Night...,Mr. Garrison,"Whoa, Jesus, it's already happening. Society's breaking down!"
About Last Night...,Man 5,Obama hasn't been elected four hours and already the country's going to hell! [another supporter smacks him down from behind. Stan and Kyle just leave and resume their walk]
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, outside. The Chief of Security knocks on the door]"
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"Mr. Obama? [tries to open it, but can't] Sir? [looks to another Secret Service agent] All right, give me the keys. [the door opens before the agent could reach for the keys. Barack Obama dusts himself off]"
About Last Night...,Obama,"Is there a problem, gentlemen?"
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"Uh, no. No, sir. Everything okay in there?"
About Last Night...,Obama,"Why wouldn't it be? I'm sorry, but I asked to be left alone?"
About Last Night...,Chief of Security,"Yes, sir, it's, just that... your wife is here."
About Last Night...,Obama,My wife?
About Last Night...,Michelle,"[appears behind the agents] Barack, everyone's been looking for you. What on earth are you doing?"
About Last Night...,Obama,"[pulls her into the Oval Office] Uh, c-c-come on in, darling. [appears at the doorway again] Thank, thank you boys. [closes and locks the doors]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The Oval Office, inside. Barack and Michelle are alone now]"
About Last Night...,Michelle,"Okay Barack, tell me what's going on?"
About Last Night...,Obama,"Michelle, there's something I need to tell you."
About Last Night...,Michelle,"What is it? [Obama stays quiet] Barack, what is it?!"
About Last Night...,Obama,The laser system guarding the diamond was replaced by an optical relay three days ago.
About Last Night...,Michelle,You gotta be kiddin' me. So the entire diamond vault is inaccessible?! Is McCain online?
About Last Night...,McCain,"[wearing a huge fake mustache] Hi, Michelle."
About Last Night...,Michelle,[removes the Bluetooth device from Obama's right ear and places it on her own] You guys weren't runnin' update checks on the security logs?!
About Last Night...,McCain,"Michelle, we need you to do a different scan hack through the vault relay."
About Last Night...,Michelle,"On a new system, in an hour?! Are you nuts? My job was to pretend to be married to this bozo and get you three scan hacks into a laser system!"
About Last Night...,Sarah,"Michelle, it's Sarah. They did replace the laser system, but the new one isn't brand-new. It's an old H-7 series. You can break this baby in 30 minutes."
About Last Night...,Michelle,Egh. Tell Davis to get me a fortrans emitter and enough pulse drives to light a spark.
About Last Night...,Obama,"Did you catch that, Davis?"
About Last Night...,Davis,I'm on it.
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, night. Stan and Kyle finally make it to the emergency entrance]"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"We made it, Ike. You're going to be okay. [they enter the ER and see a lot of patients in there. One man has an Obama flag stuck up his ass. The clock reads 9 p.m., so it must be broken]"
About Last Night...,Nurse,"[showing an Obama patient where to wait] There, just take a seat over there."
About Last Night...,Kyle,"[getting the nurse's attention] E-excuse me, my little brother needs medical attention."
About Last Night...,Nurse,Was he an Obama supporter or a McCain supporter?
About Last Night...,Stan,Why does that matter?
About Last Night...,Nurse,"Because then I'll know if he partied too hard or if he tried to kill himself. [on one side of the ER are Obama supporters who are suffering the effects of too much partying, and on the other are McCain supporters who have more serious wounds]"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"Ma'am, please, I think my little brother needs immediate help."
About Last Night...,Nurse,"You don't understand, kid: there's only two doctors on call, and Dr. Wilson is out celebrating in the streets somewhere."
About Last Night...,Stan,So where's the other doctor? [the nurse opens a door behind her and the other doctor... is hanging from a noose attached to the ceiling]
About Last Night...,Randy,"[walking in suddenly towards the Obama side] Hey, come on people. We can keep partying, can't we? Yes we can! Come on, let's sing. O-bama. Well you came and you gave without taking. [moans come up from all over the ER as people cover their ears] And I sent you away, O-bama. When you kissed me and stopped me from shakin'. [a McCain supporter tries to hasten his death by smashing a corkscrew into his head]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,The Smithsonian. Michelle and Obama are at the tunnel's new entry point near the Hope Diamond. Michelle is still breaking the new laser system]
About Last Night...,Michelle,I've almost got it. You're only going to have five minutes. Do you understand?
About Last Night...,Obama,Did you really not like pretending to be married?
About Last Night...,Michelle,"Oh Jesus, now is not the time, B."
About Last Night...,Obama,Come on. You have to admit we had some fun.
About Last Night...,Michelle,"My girls need somebody better than a world-class diamond thief. Woowait, there! I got it."
About Last Night...,Obama,"[to everyone connected to his bluetooth unit] All right, everyone. We're about to go. So here's the revised schedule: 4:40 a.m., the team gathers at the northwest exit of the museum. [the heist is shown taking place as Obama goes through the schedule] 4:45 a.m., Michelle hacks the optical relay, allowing me access to the rear doors."
About Last Night...,Michelle,Go! [Obama takes off]
About Last Night...,Obama,"4:46, from inside I can open the doors and let in the rest of the crew. [Obama opens the vault door and McCain and the others walk in] 5:10 a.m., at the Department of Power Quincy shuts down the grid, disabling power to the vault room. 5:12, my grandmother who faked her death on Monday calls in a bomb threat to the museum."
About Last Night...,Grandma Obama,"I said I put a bomb in your building, bitch."
About Last Night...,Obama,"5:13, the guards open the southwest door, checking the museum for any bombs. [above them, Palin crawls across the ceiling like Spider-Man towards the entrance] 5:14, McCain, dressed as a football player, enters security and shuts off the diamond case alarm. [Palin drops down and hangs upside down. She lifts the glass display cover from the diamond and swipes the Hope Diamond from its display case. McCain is spotted and flees]"
About Last Night...,Smithsonian guard,Hey you! Stop!
About Last Night...,Obama,"Michelle and I head back into the tunnel and the hole is patched. [Davis and Neely act as repairmen and seal up the hole] 5:15 a.m., I walk out of the Oval Office with the diamond securely hidden in my anus."
About Last Night...,Obama,"[to the Secret Service] All done. Thanks. [Barack and Michelle head outside, towards a limousine. The door opens and McCain is waiting for them. They enter and take their seats, and the limousine rolls off. The rest of the team looks at the three of them, and they all laugh. Obama takes the diamond out of his ass and displays it for all to see.]"
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Boom, baby!"
About Last Night...,Quincy,There's just one thing: don't you think people are going to be suspicious when you disappear? Go looking for you?
About Last Night...,Obama,"We hired a guy for that a couple of months ago. [a plane sits all by itself in a field somewhere. The interior is full of dummies. Nearby, in a recovery room, Ike rises from his bed as Stan and Kyle look off into space. He presses a button and the plane blows up: the plane was landed near Hell's Pass Hospital. Stan and Kyle hear the explosion and quickly turn around and look outside]"
About Last Night...,Kyle,"What the hell? [they observe the burning plane. Ike sneaks away while the boys are distracted. He dashes across the hall to the coroner's office and enters it. He hops onto a chair and attaches a USB stick to a computer, and begins typing. Dossiers of the heist team members pop up and Ike classifies each one as deceased. The door opens, and Kyle and Stan enter] Ike?"
About Last Night...,Ike,"Boom, baby."
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"Washington D.C., day. The heist team members are in the waiting room watching their plane, an Air Tahiti jet, taxi into position]"
About Last Night...,Flight attendant,"Here are all the tickets for your group, Mr. Sanchez."
About Last Night...,McCain,Thank you very much.
About Last Night...,Quincy,"Well friends, let us depart."
About Last Night...,Obama,"Hey uh, you guys go ahead. I just came to say goodbye."
About Last Night...,Neely,Wha?
About Last Night...,Obama,"I decided to hang it up, maybe give this President thing a shot."
About Last Night...,McCain,"B, you can't be serious."
About Last Night...,Quincy,"Besides, you died in a jet in the Rocky Mountains, remember?"
About Last Night...,Obama,"Could have been I didn't make that flight. [walks up to Michelle] What do you say, Michelle? Would you and your girls like to move into the White House with me? You know, settle down, just be President and First Lady for a while."
About Last Night...,Michelle,You're serious.
About Last Night...,Obama,Who knows? Maybe we could change a few things. What do you say?
About Last Night...,Michelle,"Aww, what the fuck. [they begin to kiss, and the other members of the team wave goodbye and head for the plane]"
About Last Night...,McCain,I just looove happy endings.
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"South Park, the A.RK, morning. The garage door goes up and the McCain supporters in the bunker look out into the same scene they'd seen countless times before.]"
About Last Night...,Stephen,"It's still here, ih... it's all still here."
About Last Night...,Mr. Garrison,Does that mean... maybe we overreacted?
About Last Night...,Stephen,"No, no, I wouldn't say that. It's just maybe... well, uh... maybe Obama will be all right."
About Last Night...,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room. Randy wakes up from a drunken slumber, trash still strewn all over the living room.]"
About Last Night...,Randy,"Uhh... [sits up and tries to rub his eyes, but he's got a headache] Oh ow. [walks forward...] Hey, where are my pants? [looks at the table the TV is missing from] Where's our TV?! Where are my pants and where's my TV?!"
About Last Night...,Stan,"Dad, your boss called. He said you're fired."
About Last Night...,Randy,"[surprised] Oh! [is pissed off again] Ugh, God damn it! Obama said things would be different! That sonofabitch lied to us! I knew I should have voted for McCain! [kicks a side table away and walks off]"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary School Cafeteria, lunchtime. The boys are in the center table once again, with the girls off to screen right. This time there are ten boys present, five on each side. On the left are Butters, Kyle, Stan, Cartman, and Kenny. On the right are Clyde, Craig, Jimmy, Token, and Jason"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Hahahahaha, look at Kenny's lunch, a baloney sandwich and water! Hahaha, Goddamn your family's poor, dude. [Kenny indeed has a plain bologna sandwich and a glass of water.]"
Elementary School Musical,Butters,"Hey, you fellas wanna go see High School Musical 3 tonight? Bunch of kids from school are gonna see it again."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,What's High School Musical 3?
Elementary School Musical,Clyde,"You know, the sequel to High School Musical 1 and 2."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,What's High School Musical 1 and 2?
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,There's not- there's not even condiments on his baloney sandwich!
Elementary School Musical,Jason,"What's High School Musical 1 and... Dude, it's only the most popular thing with kids in our age group!"
Elementary School Musical,Jimmy,Yeah. Where the hell have you guys ...been?
Elementary School Musical,Craig,Peru.
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"At the table behind the second row of boys, the girls begin to laugh"
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,"And then I saw High School Musical 3 again on Friday, and guess who was there? Bridon Gueermo."
Elementary School Musical,Millie,Bridon Gueermo? Oh he's such a dream!
Elementary School Musical,Red,"I'd give anything to be with Bridon Gueermo, but he'd never go for me. I'm nobody."
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,"That's not true, Red. Everyone has something that makes them unique. [stands on the bench in place] Everyone is special in their own way. Move to the beat and let your spirit out! [the girls begin to snap their fingers]"
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,"As long as we've got each other, we'll never have any trouble."
Elementary School Musical,Girls' Table,"That's what bein' friends is about. Cue full instrumentation (Oh ye-ah) [the girls stand on the benches and face the boys] Everyone is special in their own way, and we'll always be together as one."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,[puzzled] What the hell are they doing?
Elementary School Musical,Girls' Table,- Together as one -
Elementary School Musical,Stan,I have no idea. [the other boys turn in their seats to get a better view]
Elementary School Musical,Girls' Table,"As long as we stick together, together we'll stay. And every kid in school is special in their own way."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Dude, girls are such fags. [suddenly, Clyde, Craig, Jimmy, Token, and Jason leave the table and join the girls]"
Elementary School Musical,Boys' table except for The Boys,"Oh yeah, oh yeah!"
Elementary School Musical,Boys:,[Dancing] Boys... are special in their own way.
Elementary School Musical,Girls:,[Dancing] Girls... are special like a birthday.
Elementary School Musical,Kids:,We'll always be dancin' and singin' aloud. Ahh-ahh-ahh-ahh!
Elementary School Musical,Heidi,"Here he comes.  [the kids make way for a new boy, Bridon Gueermo, who dances towards the camera]"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon Gueermo,"I like havin' fun in the hot summer sun (wooo!) An' groovin' to the beat when my homework is all done. (yeah!) If you ask me what I know, then you know what I will say? That every single body is special in their own way."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,[while the boy is singing] Who the hell is that?
Elementary School Musical,Butters,"Why, that's Bridon Gueermo. He's just a third grader, but he can sing and dance better than anybody."
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,"[swooning, walks over to the boys] He's already seen High School Musical 3 over a hundred times."
Elementary School Musical,Kids,Everyone is special in their own way
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Special in their own way!
Elementary School Musical,Kids:,Move to the beat and let your spirit out!
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Let it out! Party people!
Elementary School Musical,Kids,"As long as we have each other, we'll never have any trouble. That's what bein' friends is about."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,Are we the only ones here who are completely confused?
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Yeah, I guess we'd better check that movie out..."
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,Stan's house. The boys are watching High School Musical. They're watching a musical sequence with all singing and dancing on tables and up and down stairs. It's quite an elaborate presentation
Elementary School Musical,Singers,"You've gotta go with the status quo. If you wanna be a regular Joe. (come on now) And your dreams are only a beat away; don't let 'em tell you no. (tell you no-o-o) You've gotta go with the status quo. Keep singing 'bout the status quo (keep singing 'bout the status) That's the place we know (get down now) We're all in our high school dancing on tables singing 'bout what we know (singing 'bout what we know) We've gotta go with the status quo, go with the status quo. (go with the status) Go with the status quo (go with the status quo). That's where we should go. (Go there now) Copies of pop songs packaged by Disney and turned into a show (into a show). That's the status quo! That's the status quo (That's the status quo) That's the status quohh! That's the place we know (get down now) We're all in our high school dancing on tables singing 'bout what we know (singing 'bout what we know) We've gotta go with the status quo, go with the status quo. (go with the status) Go with the status-"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"During this number, the following conversation takes place. At first the boys are silently watching the TV, then"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"This... is cool? This... is cool. We are really gettin' old, you guys. [silence follows for a few seconds, then Stan holds up the DVD case]"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,Says this DVD sold more copies than any DVD ever made.
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,They just released part 3 in theaters and it made 80 million opening weekend.
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Well, I'm out guys. [get up from the sofa, puts on his jacket, and heads for the front door] If this is what's cool now, I think I'm done. I no longer have any connection to this world. I'm gonna go home and kill myself. Goodbye, friends."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"I don't care how popular being like these kids becomes, I'm not doing it."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,I'm not doing it either. Kenny?
Elementary School Musical,Kenny,(No way in hell I'm doing it.)
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"All right, do we promise? We have to swear to each other right now we'll never become this. [holds up his right hand. Kyle holds his right hand up as well, and Kenny holds up his left]"
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,I swear
Elementary School Musical,Kenny,(I swear too.)
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Okay, good."
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Garrison's class. Kids begin taking their seats. Stan is writing something as Cartman come in and sits down"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,Ehhhhhhh. [Stan stops writing]
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,What happened? I thought you were gonna kill yourself.
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,I tried. Went to sleep in my mom's car in the garage with the engine turned on.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,But you didn't die?
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"...Freakin' hybrids, man. They just don't do the trick anymore. [The bell rings and Mr. Garrison walks in with his books]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrison,"All right, kids in seats, kids in seats. [the last few kids take their seats] Today we are going to discuss the Berlin Wall. [He writes ""Berlin Wall"" on the chalkboard] This was a wall in Germany that actually separated the Communist east side and the Democratic west side."
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,"stands up on the seat of her desk] East side, west side, whatever side that you're on. [some kids begin to snap their fingers"
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,As long as we care about each other we can still have some fun.
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,Aw man.
Elementary School Musical,Class,Don't sweat what you might get by assuming the other side as a threat
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrison,"[beaming] Oh, you kids. [Stan buries his face in his hand]</poem>"
Elementary School Musical,Class,"Each side is right or wrong, we've gotta learn to all get along."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"[enters the classroom] East side, west side, doesn't matter to me. We've gotta learn to power through, set each other free."
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,We don't care what other people wear or the way they like to style their hair.  [Stan looks at them both and begins to worry that Bridon might sweep her away]
Elementary School Musical,"Bridon, Wendy","Each side is right or wrong, we've gotta learn to all get along."
Elementary School Musical,Class,"East siiide, west siiide, east siiide..."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman:,[looking around and getting pissed off] God this sucks!
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"The hallway, later on. Wendy's at her locker putting some books away. Stan is far enough away that she doesn't notice him, but he's watching her. Jimmy walks up to him"
Elementary School Musical,Jimmy,"Do you feel like maybe you're l-l-losin' her, S-Stan?"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,I don't know. There's nothin' I can do about it anyway.
Elementary School Musical,Jimmy,"M-Maybe you should just talk to her. You know, a little conversation. Tell her... what you feel. Sometimes you feel like there's a b-burnin' inside you, like a-"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Stop. [holds his left hand out, palm out, for emphasis, and walks away. Jimmy stops singing]"
Elementary School Musical,Jimmy,All righty then.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"[walks up to Wendy] Uh, Wendy?"
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,[looks at him] Hey Stan.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Look, I just want you to know, if you want to, you know, be with that Bridon kid, then you should."
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,What?
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"I mean, I see the way you two are together and I don't wanna be in your way."
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,"Stan, that's ridiculous."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,It is?
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,I would never leave you for Bridon.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,[brightens up] Really?
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,"No way. That's stupid. I wouldn't have a chance with Bridon; he can be with any girl he wants. [shuts her locker and walks away, kissing Stan on the left cheek. Jimmy arrives two second later]"
Elementary School Musical,Jimmy,"There you go. Feel better, p-pal? [Stan stays quiet]"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,Stan walks through some double doors and continues down the hallway. The doors close behind him
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"What am I supposed to do? Can't just sit back and watch some kid steal my girlfriend away. [at an intersection he takes a left turn] I mean, Wendy said she'd never leave me for him. [kids appear behind him and follow him] But what if she just doesn't wanna hurt my feelings? She said he could get any girl he wants, and that means if he wanted, he could have my girl. [the kids begin to snap their fingers] This is all so crazy. I mean really, how could my day get any worse? [noticing the finger-snapping, he stops walking and looks around. The kids wait for him to start singing and dancing] No-no, no, I'm not doing it! I'm not doing it!"
Elementary School Musical,Kids,Awww. [murmurs follow]
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"No, fuck off. I'm not doing it."
Elementary School Musical,Kids,"Awww. [more murmuring. As they disperse, Butters walks up to Stan]"
Elementary School Musical,Butters,"Awww jeez, you're no fun. [turns right and walks away. At the other end of the hall, Bridon rounds a corner and dances down the hallway in Stan's direction]"
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,Hey Bridon.
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Hey.
Elementary School Musical,Lola,Hi Bridon
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Hi.
Elementary School Musical,"Heidi, Millie",Hey Bridon.
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Hey.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"[now hiding behind a corner. Bridon passes by him unaware] Hey, kid, over here. [Bridon looks around and finds Stan, then walks over to him] Hey, uh, listen. You know this whole singing and dancing thing you do? I think you need to uh, ease off a little bit."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Huh?
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Yeah, look, I I know you think the kids in school like you, but, actually they're all getting really annoyed."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,They are?
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Yeah. You don't know 'cause you're just a third grader, but, take it from me, [gets stern] you're driving everyone crazy."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,I don't blame 'em. All that singing and dancing? I can't stand it.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,You don't like doing it?
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,It just isn't me. What I really wanna do is just... play basketball.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,Basketball?
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,I love it! Always have. I never miss a game on TV ...when my dad isn't making me rehearse. I'd love to quit singing and dancing forever and just play ball.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Dude, you should do that! You should join the basketball team, right now!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,I can't.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"[firmly] Yes, you can. What's stopping you?"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"[sighs deeply] It's my dad. He thinks basketball is for sissies. If I don't do what he wants, he beats me."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"No, dude, listen, you need to take a stand and tell your dad what you want!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Really?
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"When you grow up and you're a fourth grader, you'll understand that you have to be tough and direct with your parents. Go to your dad and tell him you wanna give up singing and dancing, and join the basketball team."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,You know... you're right. I'm gonna talk to my old man tonight. [walks away]
Elementary School Musical,Stan,[proud of himself] Sweet.
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"Bridon's house, night. He's seated at table for dinner. His mom enters the dining room with the main dish, a casserole. The dining room is lined with posters from various musicals - Phantom of the Opera, Mamma Mia... Felines. A full-length mirror is also present"
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,"Sit up properly, Bridon. You know how strict your father is about posture. [serves out the casserole] All right dear, dinner's ready!"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"[struts in, checks himself out in the mirror, and takes his seat at the head of the table] Okay, let's eat!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Dad, I need to talk to you about somethin'."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo:,"Ooo, that sounds emotional! [holds his hand against his ear to listen better] What is it son? What's on your mind? Whatever it is, you know your dad has the time."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"No, Dad, can we just talk?"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"If you can talk it, you can sing it. [gets up and dances to the mirror again] You can lay down the rhythm and bring it! Just put a melody to the words that you're sayin' and sing the beat-"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Dad, I want to join the basketball team. [his Dad is upset. He turns around and faces Bridon]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,What did you say?
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,This kid at school today told me I should do what I wanna do. That's what I really wanna do.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,Basketball? No son of mine is going to be a sweaty little jock!
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"But Dad, it's what I really want."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,There's no singing and dancing in basketball!
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,I know. That's kind of why I like it.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Don't you even think about it! If I had a jock for a son, I'd be the laughingstock of the men's choir club."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"It's my life, Dad!"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Don't make me slap you! [raises his right hand up, ready to slap] I will slap your face so super hard... [Bridon quickly leaves the table and his dad sits back down] I am the man of this house! You disrespect me and you're gonna get slapped!"
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,Maybe you should let him try it.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"What did you say, woman?!"
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,You aren't being fair.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,That's it! I'm gonna slap you!
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,"No, please."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,[begins to sing and slap] I slap you!
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,Ahh!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,I slap you!
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,Ohh!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,I slap slap slap you!
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,Dohh!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,Slapping you slapping you silly 'cause you disrespected me.
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,Ooohohoo.
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The four boys approach the school
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"You guys, I need to copy your math homework before class."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,"You're not copying my homework, you lazy turd."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Fuck you, Kyle! [upon entering the building, they are met by a pre-class musical production]"
Elementary School Musical,Kids,"And you know, we're together at school again."
Elementary School Musical,Jimmy,School again.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,Aww!
Elementary School Musical,Kids,"With all of our friends, and you know, we'll be doing this forever."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Oh God, shut up!"
Elementary School Musical,Kids,Together at school again. What a special day.
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,Shut. Up. Shut. Up. Shut. Uuup!
Elementary School Musical,Kids,We could say that neverrrrrrrrrrr Goes away.
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,The school bell rings and everyone goes to class. Stan catches up to Bridon
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Hey kid, what happened?! I th-I thought you didn't wanna sing and dance anymore?!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Yeah, well, my dad blew a gasket when I told him and, then he beat my mom."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Dude, what did I tell you?! You have to be tough and stand up for yourself! [sees someone down the hall] Mr. Garrett, Mr. Garrett. [Mr. Garrett, the school coach, is eating an apple] This kid wants to join the basketball team. He's really good."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,Really?
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"[looks down and away] Look, I should be getting to class."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"Hey, we sure could use you, kid. I could never find enough kids that wanna play ball. All the kids and the school funding go to the theater department."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"You see? They need you. This is fate, kid, fate."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,I don't know...
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"Look, just come in at recess and shoot some ball with the team."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Yeah, just go in at recess and shoot some ball with the team, God damn it!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Okay.
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,Recess. The basketball team is assembled in the school gym. Bridon is at the free-throw line and shoots
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"Aayy, that's great, Bridon."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Thanks.
Elementary School Musical,Jason,We might have a chance at winning now. [the doors open at the far end of the gym and Mr. Gueermo enters]
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,Bridon! What are you doing here? What are you doing here? Bupow! Bupow! Bupow!
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Dad, I was just messin' around."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,I drove by the school and saw kids on the playground doing a music number and you weren't there! You're here in the sports gym shooting basket hoops!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"Eh, your kid is really good at this."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Don't talk to me, stupid jock asshole! [Bridon puts his ams up in self-defense]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"Just... go easy on him, huh?"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"[gasps, then raises his right hand up to strike] You know what this means? It means you're about to get slapped, so you'd better shut up!"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"If he wants to play ball, you should let him."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,I'll do it! I'll slap the shit out of you!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,He's just a kid.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,[slap] You don't tell me how to raise my son! I'll slap it again. [slap]
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Dad, stop!"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"You're trying to turn my son into a little asshole sports person like yourself [slaps with his left hand this time] There, there's another slap! Maybe you'll think next time you act, you- [right-hand slap] Slap it, I'll slap it! [left-hand slap. He then pulls Bridon out of the gym.]"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Ow, Dad. Dad, you're hurting me."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Shut up, Bridon! [as he reaches the doors, they open and Mr. Mackey appears]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, what's going on here, Mr. Gueermo?"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Get out of my way, Mackey. You wanna piece of this?! [Mackey doesn't reply, but he slaps him anyway] I'll slap everyone in this God damned school if I have to! [exits the gym, but returns to slap Mackey again, then leaves again]"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"In the hallway, father and son hurry along."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"You are never going to play shooting hoops, do you understand?! [Stan watches them walk by, his plan dashed] You are going to sing and dance and be the best at it!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,You're hurting my arm.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,Stupid-ass boy!
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"[sighs deeply] Ah, shit."
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"Scott's house. Cartman, Kyle, and Kenny are playing a video game."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Oh that's good that's good. Yeah. Shoot that guy in the face, Kyle. [Stan walks into the living room and stands to one side of the sofa] Yeah, nice."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"You guys, this High School Musical thing isn't gonna go away. I think we'd better just get on board with it."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,What? Are you crazy?
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,No way dude.
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,"We promised each other we would never do that, remember?"
Elementary School Musical,Kenny,(Yeah.)
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"I know, but... I think we're really starting to become outcasts at school. We're losing all our credibility. I mean, look at who you guys are hanging out with now. Scott Malkinson, for Christ's sake."
Elementary School Musical,Scott Malkinson,What's so bad about hanging out with me?
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"Shut up, Scott Malkinson. ""I'm Scott Malkinson. I've got a lisp and I've got diabetes."""
Elementary School Musical,Scott,"Hey, don't make fun of my diabetes!"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"""Don't make fun of my diabetes, I'm Scott Malkinson."" [Kenny laughs]"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"You can rip on him, but you guys are hanging out with him. Doesn't that make you think maybe your clout at school has slipped a little?"
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,"Stan, you're just jealous of that third grader and you think Wendy's gonna go for him unless you start singing and dancing too."
Elementary School Musical,Kenny,(Yeah!)
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"That isn't true! [no one challenges] Okay, that's totally true. But you guys, we are at risk of becoming the unpopular kids"
Elementary School Musical,Scott,"Hey, that was supposed to be my power-up pack."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"""That was supposed to be my power-up pack, I'm Scott Malkinson and I have diabetes."""
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"The Gueermo house, living room, night. Bridon looks out the window as his father dances to High School Musical on screen"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,Yadada yadada yadada dadadadada High School Musical is so awesome. [the doorbell rings and Mr. Gueermo pauses the video and prances to the door. He opens it and two adults appear]
Elementary School Musical,Male CPS Agent,Mister... Gueermo?
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,[barks] What?
Elementary School Musical,Male CPS Agent,[shows his official badge] We're from Child Protective Services. [puts it away] There's some concern you might be physically abusing your child?
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,What? Who the hell's been saying that?!
Elementary School Musical,Female CPS Agent,We got a phone call from a concerned student who wishes to remain anonymous.
Elementary School Musical,Male CPS Agent,His name is Stan Marsh.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"You'd better just turn your asses around and get back in your little car, 'cause there's a world o'hurt about to come your way!"
Elementary School Musical,Male CPS Agent,"Mr. Gueermo, we need to come in and have a word with your son."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"[performs a sweeping gesture to usher them in] Oh, by all means. You got the balls to come in here?! Do it! Do it! [the agents enter and walk over to Bridon]"
Elementary School Musical,Male CPS Agent,"Hello, Bridon, my name is Mr. Kelly. [Mr. Gueermo sneaks up behind him, ready to slap him at any moment] We just wanted to talk to you for a few minutes if that's okay and just maybe... [Mr. Gueermo whistles, Mr. Kelly turns around, and Mr. Gueermo slaps him]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Yeah! There it is! Slapped you! You probably think I'm finished, huh?! [slap] No, there's another one!"
Elementary School Musical,Female CPS Agent,Oh my God!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"[moves over to the female agent] Don't worry, bitch, I didn't forget about you! [slaps her] There's a slap for you! [three slaps follow] Slap, slap, slap! [slaps Mr. Kelly three more times] Yeah, there you go! [slaps the female agent again] Here's a little reach around the back of the head slap! [slaps the female agent, then slaps Mr. Kelly. Mrs. Gueermo rushes in to intervene and take the slaps]"
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,"Oh God, please, you have to get away! He won't ever stop! [he slaps her seven times]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Awww. I'm going slap-happy! [chases after the agents and slaps them several more times before they finally reach their car] I'm going slap, slap happy! Slappity slappin' you, teachin' you a lesson for coming in my house!  [the agents pull away quickly. He notices his next door neighbor looking on from his own doorway] What are you looking at, Robertson? [in a flash he slaps Robertson three times, and just as quickly he's back inside his house and closes the front door.]"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day, hallway. Bebe has something to say."
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,They're here! The audition results for the school musical are in! [the kids react and gather round the results sheet on the bulletin board. Butters is on a stool checking out the results for everyone]
Elementary School Musical,Butters,"Hey, you got the lead, Wendy. [the girls congratulate her and Wendy says something in reply]"
Elementary School Musical,Clyde,Who's the male lead?
Elementary School Musical,Butters,"No surprise there. It's Bridon. [the boys and a few girls congratulate Bridon, who stays quiet] I get to be a stand-in! [moments later Wendy catches up to Bridon. Stan looks on from a distance]"
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,"Congratulations, Bridon. Guess we'll be working a lot together."
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"[not enthused] Yeah, great."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"God damn it! [walks away. Next scene is him walking down the hall] No matter what I do, this kid just won't stop. [some kids look at him and decide to follow] And now they're gonna be in a show together? Jesus, it's all over for me. [the kids begin to snap their fingers] They'll probably even have a kissing scene. What did I do to deserve this? And what am I suppose to do now? [he stops, the kids stop walking but continue snapping their fingers. Soon they smile in anticipation...] Sooooomeooooone's in the kitchen with Dinah, [the kids' anticipation fades. Stan isn't singing as they'd hope he would] Someone's in the kitchen, I know. Someone's in the kitchen with Dinah Strummin' on the old banjo and go and Fee, fie, fiddle-e-i-o. Fee, fie, fiddle-e-i-o-o-o-o. [Wendy, Bebe, and some other kids arrive] Fee, fie, fiddle-e-i-o. Strumming on the old banjo jo jo... Go tell Aunt Rhodie Go tell Aunt Rhodie Go tell Aunt Rhodie The old gray goose is... Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to... [no one is making a sound. Stan puts his hands in his pockets, hangs his head, then turns left and walks away]"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"The Gueermo house, night. Mr. Gueermo is getting ready for bed... in an unusual way."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"You hear the rhythm. Now is the time, the tiiiiime. It's time to go to bed. It's time to call it a day. You can reach the stars and-"
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,[enters in a panic] Oh please. You have to do something.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,What are you interrupting me for?!
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,"It's our son, he's- he's running away."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"What?! [rushes downstairs and stops with flair behind Bridon, who's steps away from the front door] What's going on here, what's this all about?  [brings his arms up and out, pointing to Bridon at the end with his left hand] What do you think you're doing?"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Dad, I'm sick of you trying to always-"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,Nono! Sing it!
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,[throws his duffle bag down] No! I'm sick of singing!
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Can you believe it? What'd he just say? What's the matter with kids these days?  [fixes his gaze on his wife, who's terrified for a bit.]"
Elementary School Musical,Mrs. Gueermo,"[slowly, carefully] Kids these days."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Kids these days!  [Bridon ignores him and opens the door. His father flies through the air and slams the door shut with his body] Unh unh unh! Just go right back to your room and sing a ballad, mister!"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,Just let me go.
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Gueermo,"Go ahead. Make my day. [gets down on his left knee and threatens] You get upstairs, or I will slap you until there's little red hand prints all over face! [Bridon punches him on the nose] Ow! [covers his nose and stands up] Oh my God, what was that? [runs to his wife] Did you see that?! Oh my God it hurts so bad! [she punches him harder] Ow. What the ""H"" is going on?! [she punches him again, and he runs off, crying. Bridon looks on in awe] What are you doing?! Everyone's crazy!"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"Stan's house, same night. He's on the sofa immersing himself in the High School Musical movies. Kyle, Cartman, Kenny, and Scott enter."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,"Well, I had to see it to believe it!"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,I told you guys. He's been watching High School Musical over and over again.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Actually, this is High School Musical 2. It has a dance-along part."
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,We said we wouldn't be a part of this fad and look at you!
Elementary School Musical,Kenny,"(Yeah, look at yourself, dude.)"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Look, you guys might be fine with being outcasts and hanging out with Scott Malkinson, but I'm not!"
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,You know what? At least Scott Malkinson has some self-respect! At least Scott Malkinson doesn't cave into peer pressure and start doing musicals!
Elementary School Musical,Stan,Scott Malkinson has a lisp and diabetes! Nobody's gonna let him do a musical!
Elementary School Musical,Scott,"'At's enough, you guysth, it's not cool. Lots of kids have diabetes, and you shouldn't be-"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"You shouldn't pick on kids with diabetes, that's not cool. I'm Scott Malkinson."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Look, guys. [gets off the sofa and walks away from the other boys] The world is changing. We can't fight it, we have to change with it. I've been watching these movies, and from the looks of it, there's gonna be a lot more singing and dancing when we get to high school. [turns around to face them] And if you think we'll gain any respect by ignoring this thing and being individuals, then think about this: right now, [points to them] everyone thinks Butters is way cooler than any of you."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"That's a low blow, Stan."
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, the school gym. A basketball game is in progress, five on five. Mr. Mackey and Mr. Adler are doing play-by-play. ""Rock & Roll Part II"" plays from the speakers"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Mackey,"Third team foul on Westchester Bobcats, m'kay. Ball goes back over to the Cows."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"All right, you ready to get in there, Bridon?"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"[approaches wearing #11] I'm ready, coach."
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Garrett,"Give 'em hell! [Bridon goes in and faces off against the Bobcats' #9. He tosses the ball over to #7, Bradley, and then notices his parents on the bleachers. His mom waves hi, his dad looks away displeased.]"
Elementary School Musical,Mr. Mackey,"Just a minute to go in the first quarter. [Bridon gets the ball back and shots from the top of the key for a 3 pointer. Everyone applauds him, but his father still isn't looking at him. Mr. Gueermo does, however, notice the crowd's excitement and soon gets into it himself. The song changes to ""We Will Rock You"" and the crowd gets into that with two stomps and a clap. Mr. Gueermo joins right in]"
Elementary School Musical,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The kids are milling around the entrance, so classes haven't started yet."
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,"Hey Bridon, how come you weren't at musical rehearsals last night?"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,I joined the basketball team. I gave up singing and dancing forever. I'm just not into it.
Elementary School Musical,Wendy,You gave it up?
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"[walks into view with the other three boys] That's right. You know, sometimes you have to go with what your heart tells you. There's things we're all good at. And we just can't keep them bottled up inside. [music begins to play] 'Cause you gotta do what you wanna do. Don't let nothin' get in your way, chase your dream every day. [walks up to a boy and girl] True, girl, you know it's true, that if you really wanna be you, you've gotta do what you wanna do. [walks back to Bridon] He was unhappy 'cause he just wanted to play ball"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,[approaches two other kids] But he finally got the courage to answer his heart's call.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"Just like me, all I ever wanted was to sing and dance. And now that I stood up for my dream I finally have the chance. [the four boys form a chorus line and dance]"
Elementary School Musical,Boys,"You've gotta do what you wanna do. Even if other people don't really want you to. [Kyle whips off his hat while approaching two girls] True, girl, you know it's true, [returns to the chorus line] that the thing you wanna do is the thing that you should do. [Kyle dances away to two other girls]"
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,"Some kids think I'm strange 'cause I like studying for an exam But I don't let that bother me, because it's who I am. [Cartman dances over to two kids]"
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,"And I like nothin' better than makin' fun of Jews. And ripping on black people, though some people think it's rude, but you gotta- [rejoins the chorus line with Kyle]"
Elementary School Musical,Boys:,"Do what you wanna do. Just make sure that what you're doing is what's cool and popular with everyone Chew, baby, chew and chew. When you're eating jerky, if eating jerky is what you wanna do."
Elementary School Musical,Bebe,"[arrives with Wendy, Red, and another girl during the song] Hey Bridon, can we watch you practice basketball?"
Elementary School Musical,Bridon,"Uhh, sure. [the girls follow him to the gym. The other students go their separate ways.]"
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,"Do what you want, don't have restraint."
Elementary School Musical,Cartman,Don't stress about it or you just might faint.
Elementary School Musical,Kenny,"(If you wanna get high and jack off, it's cool.)"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,Try to do what you wanna do!
Elementary School Musical,Boys,"Do what you wanna do. As long as what you wanna do is what everybody wants you to. Glue, baby, buy some glue Just in case if what you're doin' [Stan continues singing, they all keep dancing]"
Elementary School Musical,Stan,involves needing scissors and glue!
Elementary School Musical,Scott,Hey guys. Hey guys! [all stop. Stan looks around and doesn't see anyone else]
Elementary School Musical,Stan,Huh? [the other boys turn around]
Elementary School Musical,Kyle,Where did everybody go?
Elementary School Musical,Scott,The girls all wanted to go watch 'at Bridon kid practice basketball.
Elementary School Musical,Stan,But the girls like singing and dancing.
Elementary School Musical,Scott,"No, I think the girls just like that Bridon kid, no matter what he does."
Elementary School Musical,Stan,"But... No, we just... No, no wait. We just got good at this! Aw!."
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, computer lab. Mr. Mackey is guiding the fourth graders through some computer operations by reading from a book."
The Ungroundable,Mr. Mackey,Dialog
The Ungroundable,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, now right-click on menu item ""Equate O"" and type in ""input y""."
The Ungroundable,Kyle,"Nah, dude. Are you on America's side, Stan? [looks like all the other kids are playing the same game: Call of Duty: World at War]"
The Ungroundable,Stan,"No, I'm on the Japanese side."
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"Oh, who just shot me? [Bebe leans back in her chair, looks at Cartman, and gives him the finger]"
The Ungroundable,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, let's see, uh the right-click is the upper-right... [his voice trails off] uhhh, but then what the hell is the...? [closes the book and goes back to normal voice] Okay kids, I'm gonna need to get some clarification on this. Uh, just keep entering the calculations; I'll be right back, m'kay."
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"Oh dude, I wish I had a real flamethrower. It works awesome on Japs."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"[runs into the lab and hides behind the wall] Oh my God, oh my God! [runs up to Stan] Stan! Stan, we have a big problem."
The Ungroundable,Stan,"Dude, what?"
The Ungroundable,Butters,There's vampires in the school!
The Ungroundable,Stan,What?
The Ungroundable,Butters,Vampires. I've seen 'em.
The Ungroundable,Stan,"Dude, aw! Who's using the flak jacket cheat?!"
The Ungroundable,Red,Not a cheat if you rank up.
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Ugh. [goes over to Kenny] Kenny, there's a vampire on the loose. Then Katie Gelson was hanging out with him, and now she's a vampire too!"
The Ungroundable,Kyle,"Butters, there's no such thing as vampires."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"[goes over to Kyle] But there is. You guys gotta believe me. First there was just a couple, but now it's like they're growing. They have fangs and drink blood and everything."
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"All right Butters, well you go document the vampires' movements so we know what their intentions are."
The Ungroundable,Butters,Really? Do you think that's best?
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"Yeah, now get out of here."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"All right! [runs to the entrance, then turns around] If I don't make it back, tell my mom what happened to me. [turns back and runs out]"
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"Oh-hohhh, you got pwned, Bebe, you Jap bitch!"
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. Six kids sit on the bleachers in the otherwise empty building - four boys, two girls. They look somewhat like the Goth kids."
The Ungroundable,Lead Vampire,Isn't this cool? This time of day nobody's in the gym. We should make this one of our official South Park Vampires Club hangouts.
The Ungroundable,Spiky Vampire,"That's an awesome new coat, Mike. Looks totally badass."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Don't call me Mike, my name is Vampir now."
The Ungroundable,Spiky Vampire,"Oh, that's cool."
The Ungroundable,Midnight Vampire,[wears a coat showing arm bones] I'm gonna change my name to Vladimir.
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"You can't, it's too close to Vampir. [Butters rises up from one end of the bleachers just enough to see the vampire kids]"
The Ungroundable,Butters,[pulls out a tiny tape recorder and starts dictating into it] 12:32 p.m. Vampires meeting in the school gymnasium. Leader appears to be a fifth grader.
The Ungroundable,Sparkly Vampire,You know that girl Bella in Twilight? I think I'm like her. I'm a psi vampire. Do you like these sparkles I got?
The Ungroundable,Butters,[into his recorder] Annie Bartlett is a psi vampire.
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Yeah, I'm more a sanguinarian vampire, in that I rely more on the life force energy, per se."
The Ungroundable,Spiky Vampire,"Heh, yeah, I'm gonna be a hybrid vampire, both psi and sanguinarian."
The Ungroundable,Butters,That's Ryan Ellis. Looks like they've gotten to him too.
The Ungroundable,Bloodrayne,Lunchtime's almost over. Should we drink some more blood?
The Ungroundable,Other Vampires,Yeah! Cool!
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Yeah, and then I think it's time for us to feed, per se. [opens a bottle of Clamato and pours some into the Bloodrayne's goblet.]"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Oh God I think they're gonna drink blood now. They've got some kind of chalice, and they're- [clock] uhn... [he's run out of tape. It rewinds to the very beginning and plays back]"
The Ungroundable,Tape,"[Butters' voice] Toot toododoo! [Butters frantically presses buttons trying to stop the tape] It's the Big Texas Butters show! And now here he is, Big Texas Butters! Why howdy there, partners. I'm Biiig Texas Butters. And this is my horse, Toast. Happy Trails, to youuu! [he turns off the tape record, relieved. Until he looks around and jumps from being startled] AAHHH!"
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Ummm, what are you doing?"
The Ungroundable,Butters,[jumps away and whips out a golden cross] Get back! You stay back! Hwa! Heah! The body of Christ compels you! The body of Christ compels you! [runs away without his tape recorder] Hwaaaahh!
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"The school hallway, later. Mike is at his locker"
The Ungroundable,Bloodrayne,That kid was really scared of us.
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"That's true, Bloodrayne. People are going to be frightened of us because they don't understand our ways, per se."
The Ungroundable,Spiky Vampire,"Yeah, we're cool, huh? [the Goth kids happen upon the Vampire kids]"
The Ungroundable,Pete,What the hell are those kids doing?
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,Why are they all dressing like that all of a sudden?
The Ungroundable,Pete,Are they trying to be Goth?
The Ungroundable,Michael,"No, they're vamp. They wear plastic fangs and drink freaking Clamato juice."
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,But they can't dress like that. That's our style.
The Ungroundable,Midnight Vampire,"Hey, Tommy Petros is thinking he might wanna be a Vamp kid too."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,Tommy Petros? Is he cool?
The Ungroundable,Bloodrayne,"Yeah, he's cool enough."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,All right. [the Vamps and Goths face each other]
The Ungroundable,Pete,"So, all of a sudden you Justin and Britney wannabes think it's cool to dress like us?"
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"We dress the way our souls feel, to express the darkness, per se."
The Ungroundable,Michael,Aren't you Mike Makowski?
The Ungroundable,Vampir,That's Vampir Makowski now.
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,"You kids need to all go put your freakin' Banana Republic clothes back on, right now!"
The Ungroundable,Sparkly Vampire,"Hey, we're just as dark as you guys, maybe darker!"
The Ungroundable,Pete,Really. Do you guys even smoke?
The Ungroundable,Vampir,Of course not. Smoking's bad for you.
The Ungroundable,Other Vamps,Yeah.
The Ungroundable,Pete,[buries his face in his left hand] Oh my God.
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"You know, you guys are really giving off a negative human energy. We prefer to take our darkness somewhere else, per se."
The Ungroundable,Pete,"All right, Count Fagula, you go do that. [the Vamps leave]"
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"Butters' house, after school. Butters runs inside in a panic, looks around, then heads for the sofa."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Mom, Mom, I gotta tell you somethin'! You're not gonna believe it!"
The Ungroundable,Linda,"[sewing a scarf] Not now, Butters. Your father wants to have a talk with you in the kitchen. He is not happy."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Oh no, what'd I do this time?"
The Ungroundable,Linda,You just march on in there.
The Ungroundable,Butters,[hangs his head and goes in] Oh jeez...
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"The kitchen. Butters walks in and looks at Stephen, who's by the sink waiting with his arms crossed. To his left are a glass of milk and a box of Hamburger Helper."
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"You see this, Butters?! It's a glass of milk I poured for myself! And you see this?! [holds up the box] It's Hamburger Helper! Now would you mind telling me what Hamburger Helper is doing in this glass of milk?! [Butters begins to tap his fists together, nervously] Why is Hamburger Helper in a glass of milk, Butters?!"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"I have no idea, sir."
The Ungroundable,Stephen,I'll tell you why! [walks over to the pantry and opens the door] Our pantry is always kept organized alphabetically! But somebody put the Hamburger Helper where the Nestle Quik is supposed to go!
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Uh, I'm sorry, Dad. I-It's just I've been really preoccupied lately. See, there are these kids at school, they were-"
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"What keeps a family together, Butters?!"
The Ungroundable,Butters,A well-organized pantry.
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"That's right! [starts throwing food out of the pantry on to the floor] If you keep putting food under the wrong letter, it all goes wrong! [stops] Now you will reorganize this entire pantry, and you will do it right!"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Well, okay, but, Dad, you've gotta listen to me. Kids at school are starting to change. They've been acting-"
The Ungroundable,Stephen,You do it right now or you're going to be grounded! You got that?!
The Ungroundable,Butters,"[hangs his head] Yes, sir. [Stephen walks away. Butters turns to the task at hand and begins putting stuff away] Jeez. Nobody will even listen to me. It's like nobody even cares if there's vampires at the school. I try to help and all I ever do is get hollered at. I bet vampires never get hollered at. Vampires just get to do whatever they want. [stops and thinks]"
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day, recess. The Vamp kids are on the merry-go-round gathered around Vampir"
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"[reading from a book] ...All mortals share a soft repose,My soul doth dreadful vigils keep, More keen than which hell scarcely knows."
The Ungroundable,Sparkly Vampire,What is that kid doing?
The Ungroundable,Butters,"[walks towards them with hands outstretched] Oh Jesus, oh God, Butters, what are you doing? [pulls out the crucifix he used on them a few days before and sets it down on the snow, then continues towards them, hands outstretched] I- I'm Butters."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,So?
The Ungroundable,Butters,"O creatures of the night, I seek audience to engage with thee in unholy darnation and thus do... a-a-and thus do unto your bidding!"
The Ungroundable,Vampir,What?
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Oh, uh... I wanna be a vampire."
The Ungroundable,Cowlick Vampire,You're not cool enough to be one of us.
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Yeah, I know, but uhhh, I think I would make a really good vampire if you just, well, just give me the opportunity."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,We'll think about it. Go get us some sodas out of the pop machine in the commons.
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Yes! Yes, anything else?"
The Ungroundable,Midnight Vampire,I want some Cheetos.
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Soda and Cheetos, yes. I'll be right back."
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,The Goth Corner at South Park Elementary. The Goth kids are listening to music as a soccer ball rolls to a stop in front of them.
The Ungroundable,Singer,I'm not part of your society. I don't follow your fads and rules. Doctrines...
The Ungroundable,Boy 1,[with dark blond hair] Where did it go? Do you see where it went?
The Ungroundable,Boy 2,"[with black hair] Yeah, it's right over there by those vampire kids. [Boy 1 retrieves the ball and walks away]"
The Ungroundable,Pete,"[delayed reaction] What? Hey. Hey! We aren't vampire kids, we're freakin' Goths!"
The Ungroundable,Boy 1,"Whatever, Dracula, why don't you turn into a bat or something?"
The Ungroundable,Michael,So lame. So... lame...
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,"You guys, I do not wanna be grouped in with douchey, little vampire kids."
The Ungroundable,Michael,Sooo lame! [two Vamps walk out of the door behind him]
The Ungroundable,Little Vamp,See? Isn't it cool back here? It's all dark and isolated.
The Ungroundable,Shades Vamp,This would be a great place for a Vampire meeting.
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,"Get out of our space, you little twerps!"
The Ungroundable,Pete,More preppy straight-A students turning into vampires. What the hell is going on?
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"The woods, night. Butters is walking through them with drinks and some food. He reaches a small campfire where five of the six Vamps wait for him. Vampir is missing."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"I have done what you've asked. [sets down the goods] A case of Dr Pepper and Cherry Twizzlers. Who are you gonna give this to? I-I mean, vampires can't eat people food."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"[walks into view] You have done well. Are you ready to become one of us, per se?"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Yeah, I guess."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Are you sure? Because once you're in South Park Vampire Society, you can't ever leave."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Well I'm sick of bein'- bein' pushed around. M-by my dad, by kids at school."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Then it is time for your transformation, per se. Let it begin! [they all walk away, leaving behind the Dr. Pepper and Twizzlers. They walk to South Park Mall] This way. Prepare thyself. [the mall is still open, so they walk over to Hot Topic and enter. The Vamps begin checking out clothes for Butters to wear as a new Vamp. The Midnight Vamp gets some fake teeth with fangs while the Cowlick Vamp gets some necklaces and rings. They outfit Butters with them. The Sparkly Vamp gets some hairspray and she and the Spiky Vamp spray Butters' hair with it. Bloodrayne measures him for collars and bracelets. Finally, all six Vamps step away, and a new Vamp is born]"
The Ungroundable,Butters,Whoa.
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"And now you shall drink vampire blood, and your transformation will be complete, per se! [walks away and pours out a bottle of Clamato juice into a goblet for Butters to drink] With this, thy transformation is done. [Butters takes a sip, then immediately spits it out]"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Oh, that tastes awful! Blagh, blagh. [the Vamps leave Hot Topic]"
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"It is finished! Welcome, Butters, to the South Park Society of Vampires. [Butters begins to laugh, then cackle.]"
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"Butters' home, night. He walks into the living room, and Stephen runs up to him"
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"There you are, Butters! Do you know what time it is?! Where have you been?! [Butters just walks by]"
The Ungroundable,Linda,"Butters, what have you done to your hair? [Butters heads for the stairs]"
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"Hey! Butters, we are talking to you! Explain yourself, mister! [Butters stops]"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"I no longer need to explain anything to you, Father!"
The Ungroundable,Linda,What on Earth?
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"That does it! You are grounded for two weeks, you got that?!"
The Ungroundable,Butters,You can't ground me! For I am neither living nor dead! How can thy ground that which is... ungroundable. [smiles knowingly. His parents are perplexed]
The Ungroundable,Stephen,"All right, I don't know what's gotten into you, mister, but you're gonna- [Butters hisses at him] Ah!"
The Ungroundable,Linda,"Butters? [Butters hisses at them a few times, and Linda clings to Stephen. Butters goes upstairs]"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"I am going to my room now! For I must slumber, per se. [his parents are stunned and just look at each other.]"
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"Principal's Office, day"
The Ungroundable,Principal Victoria,"Now, kids, I understand that you are very into this ""vampire"" thing, but I don't want to see it get out of hand. You kids need to understand that your new little fad is scary to some."
The Ungroundable,Pete,...Oh my God. You've got the wrong flippin' people.
The Ungroundable,Michael,"[slowly, for emphasis] We aren't vampires."
The Ungroundable,Principal Victoria,"I know that you aren't really vampires, and I appreciate that you wanna be cool because vampires are the ""in"" thing right now, but-"
The Ungroundable,Pete,We aren't trying to be popular!
The Ungroundable,Principal Victoria,-but just make sure that this new little trend doesn't become a distraction. [the door opens behind the Goths]
The Ungroundable,Mr. Mackey,"[enters with Vampir and two younger Vamps] Here's a couple more, Principal Victoria, hm'kay."
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Oh, oh no, are we in trouble?"
The Ungroundable,Principal Victoria,I was just telling your friends about what I expect of your-
The Ungroundable,Michael,"[slowly, for emphasis] We aren't friends!"
The Ungroundable,Vampir,"Don't worry, Ma'am. As I was just explaining to my new minions, vampires are actually very spiritual and deep beings, per se."
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,The waiting room outside the Principal's office. The Goths exit and immediately whip out smokes and lighters
The Ungroundable,Michael,Allison Merch is a vampire kid now? This thing isn't going to stop.
The Ungroundable,Pete,Let's just face it: they bogarted our style! Everyone's gonna think we're trying to be butthole vampires now. We might as well go to the freakin' Gap and just buy normal clothes. [they all look at each other thoughtfully]
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"Goth Corner, a day or two later. The Goths are now dressed as normal kids, but their hair is still colored as before."
The Ungroundable,Pete,"Well, at least nobody can refer to us as vampire kids now. [the soccer ball bounces towards the Goth kids again and stops in front of Henrietta]"
The Ungroundable,Boy 1,It went this way?
The Ungroundable,Boy 3,"[with very short hair] Yeah, it's over there by that fat girl, the big-nosed kid, the midget, and the kid with pock marks on his face. [Boy 1 sees the ball, walks over, picks it up, and leaves]"
The Ungroundable,Michael,"So we're back to that, are we?"
The Ungroundable,Firkle,Shit.
The Ungroundable,Pete,[stands up] Let's get out of these freakin' Gap clothes.
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. He's asleep with the covers off. All of a sudden, Butters is perched on the inside of Cartman's window doors. The other one is open. Butters hisses."
The Ungroundable,Butters,"Sorry, Eric, but I am a vampire now, and I can no longer survive on human food. And if someone must die so that I can feed, I choose thee. [he jumps down from the window and hops onto Cartman's bed, ready to pounce on his throat. He wiggles his fingers, then relaxes them and grips Cartman's head and back] Hm, wonder which side I'm supposed to do it on, hm. Probably doesn't matter. [rears back and bites into Cartman's neck, making sucking sounds. Cartman wakes up and looks at him]"
The Ungroundable,Cartman,Butters? [Butters continues] Butters?! [Butters backs up and then hops off the bed]
The Ungroundable,Butters,"I can't do it. Ah, I- I can't do it!"
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"Dude, gross, you got spit all over my neck! Mom! Butters just gave me a hickey!"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"I'm so hungry, but just, just remembering how that blood tasted before ju- blood is all clammy and tomato-y. It makes me wanna... [he vomits on Cartman's floor]"
The Ungroundable,Cartman,Dude! [Liane enters]
The Ungroundable,Liane,"You all right, sweetie?"
The Ungroundable,Butters,"[advances and hisses at Liane, then runs out through the window and crashes to the ground outside.] U-huh. [bumps into something] Ow."
The Ungroundable,Liane,What's going on?
The Ungroundable,Cartman,"Well, Mom, apparently Butters is gay, finds me very attractive, and, confused about his sexual identity, puked up all over my floor!"
The Ungroundable,Liane,Oh dear.
The Ungroundable,Cartman,Yes.
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"Henrietta's room, later. The Goth kids are hanging out there."
The Ungroundable,Michael,I walked into the cafeteria today. Rebecca Miller and Philip Russ were dressed like vampires drinking Clamato juice with four kids from the football team.
The Ungroundable,Firkle,Jesus.
The Ungroundable,Pete,"It's like, there's more vampire kids every freakin' day. Why is this happening, I mean... why now?"
The Ungroundable,Michael,"Doesn't matter why. Pretty soon, the whole school is going to be an endless hive of conformist happy-go-lucky vampire wannabes."
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,It seems like that preppy Mike Makowski kid started all this. Maybe he's the way to stopping it.
The Ungroundable,Pete,Whattaya mean?
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,"I mean, what do you do when you want to change vampires back to normal? You get rid of the head vampire."
The Ungroundable,Scene Description,"A car night. The Goth kids are in it, with Henrietta at the wheel"
The Ungroundable,Pete,Does your mom know you took her car?
The Ungroundable,Henrietta,Do I care?
