Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[composes himself] Oh, Kyle. Hey, what's goin' down, Jew-boy? [sniffles]"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Cartman, were you... crying?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"' No! No, I mean, I, I got somethin' in my eyes. It's this uh, the air in here is just- uh. [breaks down again, but tries to hide it] Oh man."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Hey Cartman. [Cartman looks up and turns around] I care a lot about him, too. [Cartman wells up again, and Kyle reaches out to hug him]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"I'm gonna find a cure, Kyle. I swear to God I'm gonna find a cure."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"[comforting him] Sure you will, Cartman. Sure you will."
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Alder Research Group, next day. Inside, employees are packing away their computers and other office equipment"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"[enters with Cartman] This is where the bulk of our research was being done. But due to the government ban, we're mostly just packing things up."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Doctor, can you tell me exactly how stem cells work?"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Look, you have trillions of cells in your body: heart cells, skin cells, brain cells, and so on. But before a cell is designated as a toenail cell or a pancreas cell, it's what we call a stem cell. Sort of like a blank cell. Do you understand?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Not at all, but go on. [they both turn and approach a table. On the table is a cage with a rat inside it.]"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Because these cells are blanks, they will often program themselves based on what cells you put around them. You see this rat? Earlier this year, we surgically removed the middle of her spine. then we injected her with some stem cells and... they became the missing part of the spine."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,My God...
Kenny Dies,Larry,Nerve cells damaged by Parkinson's disease or heart tissue of cardiac patients might ultimately be replaced by tissue grown from stem cells.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"So then, could stem cells be used on someone whose muscle tissue is wasting away? In other words, if a little boy was dying from a muscular disease, the stem cells could become new muscle tissue."
Kenny Dies,Larry,That's the theory.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Well, so then, if the stem cells are placed nest to s Shakey's Pizza, they would become another Shakey's Pizza! And you'd have your own Shakey's Pizza where you didn't have to charge yourself to eat!"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Well, no. To build another Shake's it would be better to use lumber."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Hmmm.
Kenny Dies,Larry,"But, unfortunately, the government has banned stem cell research and so... we'll never know."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Looks like someone is gonna have to try and change the government's mind. [turns around and heads for the exit]
Kenny Dies,Larry,Where are you going?
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"There's a pretty brave kid fighting for his life in the hospital right now, doctor. I'm gonna get him some bigger boxing gloves."
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Hey kid. [music stops, then a pause] Give 'em hell. Give 'em hell. [strikes his fists together, one over the other. Cartman returns the gesture with a thumbs-up, then walks off... then stops]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, doctor. [Larry turns around. Cartman has his thumb up] Thanks. Thanks. [Larry returns the gesture with his own thumb up, and Cartman leaves again.]"
Kenny Dies,Larry,"Oh, hey kid. [Cartman returns] Good luck. Good luck. [Cartman gives a thumb up, walks away, then backs up]"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, and doctor. ...Ah, never mind. [walks away]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day, Kenny's room. The McCormicks, Kyle, and Chef are present. Kyle has with him a bunch of get-well cards from the other students in his class. The bed is seen from an angle"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"...And see? Here's one from Butters. It says, ""We can't wait to see you back in school, Kenny."" And it has a picture of him and you in a little airplane! [shows him the picture: Butters and Kenny are in a little yellow biplane]"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"Oh, isn't that nice? You've got lots of friends, don't you Kenny?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(Yes.) [coughs a bit] (But what about Stan?)
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Stan? Oh. Well, no, there's nothing here from Stan, but, well, Stan's gonna come and see you real soon, I bet, Kenny."
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(I hope so)
Kenny Dies,Nurse,"[opens the door] Hey, look who's here."
Kenny Dies,Kenny,[perks up a bit] (Stan??)
Kenny Dies,Woman,"[walks in with balloons and an assistant] Hello, Kenny, I'm Laura Jones, and this is Bob Ferrin."
Kenny Dies,Bob,We're with the Make-A-Wish Foundation. [a cameraman walks in and moves to the head of Kenny's bed]
Kenny Dies,Ms. McCormick,"Oh, Kenny, isn't that nice?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(The Make-A-Wish Foundation?)
Kenny Dies,Laura,We travel the country given special little boys and girls like you their biggest wish.
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"Neat, huh Kenny?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(Yes.)
Kenny Dies,Laura,"So Kenny, if you could have ONE wish, what would it be? [there's no answer. A moment of silence]"
Kenny Dies,Bob,"What's your wish, pal?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(I guess the only thing I wish is to not die.)
Kenny Dies,Laura,What did he say?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,He said his wish is not to die. [a long stretch of silence in which the cameraman looks from person to person.]
Kenny Dies,Laura,"...O-kay, and, what if you're gonna have two wishes, what would the second one be?"
Kenny Dies,Bob,"I know! I bet you wanna meet Madonna, huh?"
Kenny Dies,Kenny,(No. Fuckin' Madonna...) [his words trail off and are hard to understand]
Kenny Dies,Bob,Wu- what was that?
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"He said Madonna is an old anorexic whore who wore out her welcome years ago, and that now she suddenly speaks with a British accent and she thinks she can play guitar and she should go fuck herself. [the Foundation reps are stunned. Madonna appears in the doorway]"
Kenny Dies,Madonna,Should I come in now?
Kenny Dies,Bob,Uh no not quite yet.
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"The cow pasture, day. Stan has come here to reflect on Kenny's hospitalization. He sits on a log resting his head on his hands and watches as a cow drops a load of dung next to the log. He strikes a match and tosses it on the dung. The dung lights up and burns"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"[approaches] Hello there, children."
Kenny Dies,Stan,Hey Chef.
Kenny Dies,Chef,How's it goin'?
Kenny Dies,Stan,Bad.
Kenny Dies,Chef,Yeah. Things have been better.
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Why would God let Kenny die, Chef? Why? Kenny's my fr-f-f-friend. Why can't God take someone else's f-f-friend?"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"[sighs] Stan, sometimes God takes those closest to us, because it makes him feel better about himself. He is a very vengeful God, Stan. He's all pissed off about something we did thousands of years ago. He just can't get over it, so he doesn't care who he takes. Children, puppies, it don't matter to him, so long as it makes us sad. Do you understand."
Kenny Dies,Stan,"But then, why does God give us anything to start with?"
Kenny Dies,Chef,"Well, look at it this way: if you want to make a baby cry, first you give it a lollipop. Then you take it away. If you never give it a lollipop to begin with, then it would have nothin' to cry about. That's like God, who gives us life and love and help just so that he can tear it all away and make us cry, so he can drink the sweet milk of our tears. You see, it's our tears, Stan, that give God his great power. [pause]"
Kenny Dies,Stan,I think I understand.
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Capitol Hill, Washington DC"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"My name is Eric Cartman and I live in Colorado. My best friend in the whole world is Kenny McCormick and he, he's sick right now. He's real sick. He's only eight years old and his doctors don't think he has very long to live. Look, I realize that using the tissue from aborted fetuses for research is a touchy subject, but... All I know is that if there's a chance, a... chance that stem-cell research could save my best friend's life, well... I guess I owe it to him to try and change your minds. [a shot of Congress] I love Kenny McCormick and... [sob] I want you to love him too. [cries as Congresspeople look to each other] And I uh, I'm not the best speaker in the world. Maybe I can put it best in the words of a timeless song [takes a deep breath] It was the heat of the moment telling me what your heart meant The heat of the moment shone in your eyes I never meant to be so bad to you One thing I said that I would never do"
Kenny Dies,Congressman 1,One look from you and I would fall from grace.
Kenny Dies,Congressman 2,'And that would wipe the smile right from my face.
Kenny Dies,"Congressman 1, Cartman",Do you remember when we used to dance? [three Congressmen perform the following: two leg slaps and a clap]
Kenny Dies,A few Congressmen,And incidents arose from circumstance? [more Congressmen perform the moves]
Kenny Dies,Everyone,"One thing led to another; we were young [everyone does the moves, and the result is thunderous] And we would scream together songs unsung It was the heat of the moment Telling me what our hearts meant The heat of the moment shone in your eyes"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Planned Parenthood, day. Cartman, in shirt and tie, is outside with clipboard in hand, talking to a woman about to have an abortion."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"And so you see, now that the ban on stem-cell research has been lifted, we can sell your fetus to companies like Alder Labs."
Kenny Dies,Woman,"Oh, I don't know."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Look, I can offer you seventy-five dollars for that fetus right now, Jill."
Kenny Dies,Jill,"Seventy-five dollars? Well, alright."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"[hands the clipboard over for her to sign the release form] Great, just sign right here, please. [another woman arrives] Hi. Havin' an abortion today? [Jill hands him the clipboard back, then heads for the clinic] Great. [to the second woman] Listen, if you'd like to sell your abortion for research I'm offering uh, seventy-five dollars. Help you out a little bit with your medical bill in there. [she nods and reaches for the clipboard.] And you sign right here. [hands her the clipboard and she signs. A couple passes by] Uh excuse me, ma'am. Can I interest you in selling your aborted fetus? [the second woman enters the clinic]"
Kenny Dies,Woman 2,We're not going to the abortion clinic. I'm going to have this baby.
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, because uh, there's a little boy dying in a hospital right now who sure could use that baby more than you could. The stem cells from your fetus could help save his life."
Kenny Dies,Man,"Oh. Well, I guess we can always... just make another one."
Kenny Dies,Woman 2,"Oh Mark, I love you."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Alright! Now Kenny has a fighting chance.
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Stan enters with a package, his faith renewed, his confidence strong, and makes his way down the hall, passing people as he goes"
Kenny Dies,Head nurse,"[at her station] Young man, do you know where you're going?"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Yeah. I'm gonna see my friend, because he needs me right now."
Kenny Dies,Head nurse,All right! [Stan passes a man in a wheelchair]
Kenny Dies,Man on wheelchair,Go kid! [Stan passes a man on crutches]
Kenny Dies,Man on crutches,"Good for you! [Stan passes a doctor and nurse, and they smile]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, Kenny's room. Stan enters happily"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Hey, Kenny! [grins, then is stunned. The room is empty. Kenny is gone. Due to terminal illness.] Oh no. [Kyle walks up to the room, but stays outside] No."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,He just... He just... stopped breathing. And it was over.
Kenny Dies,Stan,"But... [a shot of the bed reveals a teddy bear on the floor] I didn't get to see him. Hell I, I didn't get to sssay good-bye. [another shot of the bed reveals a teddy bear on the floor] Did he say anything before he went?"
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"He just said... ""Where's Stan?"""
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"South Park Church, some days later, day."
Kenny Dies,Mr. Garrison,"And so, we will all miss Kenny, his playful laughter, his innocent smile. But we will never forget that it was because of brave Kenny that stem-cell research was allowed to continue."
Kenny Dies,Stan,I let Kenny down. I'm his worst f-f-f-friend. [the doors fly open and Cartman walks in. He sees his friends and they look back.]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,You guys! Come quick! [Stan and Kyle look surprised]
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"What, Cartman?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"It's... [Cartman turns around] Why, it's a miracle, you guys! [rushes out the door to a spot on the side of the road. Stan and Kyle follow.]"
Kenny Dies,Scene Description,"Outside, day. Cartman stops, but still bounces from joy. Stan and Kyle join him"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"What, Cartman? What's happened?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"Look. [across the street stands a Shakey's Pizza] I put the stem cells from all the fetuses I had next to a Shakey's, and they ARE replicating a new Shakey's! [oozing sounds are heard as a new Shakey's is indeed rising up next to the current one] It worked! [Kyle is shocked.]"
Kenny Dies,Stan,"This whole time, you were just using Kenny's illness to lift the ban on stem cell research so you could sell your stupid fetuses?"
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Stupid fetuses? It's my own Shakey's!
Kenny Dies,Kyle,"I actually hugged you. I held you in my arms and, and, cried with you."
Kenny Dies,Cartman,"I think I only need a hundred or so more aborted babies, [Kyle turns and faces him angrily] and I can finish up the kitchen."
Kenny Dies,Kyle,AAARGH! [jumps up on Cartman and starts pummeling him. Cartman tosses him off]
Kenny Dies,Cartman,Aah! Kyle! [Kyle punches him across the face a few times] Kyle! [Kyle delivers a series of punches to the chest]
Kenny Dies,Stan,"Hey, I wasn't Kenny's worst f-f-f-friend! [Kyle gives Cartman a good roundhouse right and Cartman falls on the ground, face first.] Cartman was! [Kyle continues beating Cartman up]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' home, night. Butters enters the living room with a wrapped gift in hand. He walks up to his parents. His mom is polishing an end table while his father reads the newspaper on the sofa beside it."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Heh-alright, Mom, I'm all done wrappin' Dad's anniversary present for ya."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Oh, is it someone's anniversary soon? [chuckles]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[puts her hands on her hips] Oh, you!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Just kidding. [lowers the newspaper and takes the gift from Butters and shakes it] Oh, I wonder what it is."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"It's a- [covers his mouth for a second, then looks down] Awww, shucks, [looks at his dad] I can't tell you. Uh, but it's really nifty."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well, looks like we're gonna have to do somethin' extra-special for Mommy and Daddy's anniversary this year. How about on Saturday we all go have dinner at Bennigan's!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Bennigan's?? Oh, boy, you mean it?? [starts running around the coffee table in excitement] Whoopee, at Bennigan's I'm gonna get the Rain Champ baby-back ribs! [stops and bounces with excitement]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Calm down there, cowboy. You've still got four days."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Four days? Oh, I don't know how I'm gonna wait that long!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A montage of Butter's previous appearances in South Park fills the screen. Then the picture of Butters with a Barbie doll grows to fill the screen. Then as this chorus is song, the following scenes appear: Butters at Picture Day - a lock of hair pops straight up as his picture is taken. He tries out for Fingerbang. He turns around and is about to show his ""fruit bowl."" He puts on a condom. He's with Token and Timmy at the drugstore. He says a few lines in the ""Helen Keller! The Musical"" play. He gets his hair cut at the David Blaine complex. He's with his fellow Angels, then slides down a rope and bumps into Mr. Garrison, then hops off."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Who's the boy that can laugh at a storm cloud? Turn a frown into a smile for free? Who's the kid with a heart full of magic? Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"'It's ""The Butters Show""' appears over a wallpaper design of Butters' head. This is the show's splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Next scenes: Butters in Mr. Mackey's basement. Butters tied to the feet of the Provider, a statue of John Elway. Butters keeping his class informed of what the kindergartners were doing while the class practices its play. Butters asking a question in class about using shit in the expletive. Butters delivering a tape to a reporter. Butters peeking through a door in the hotel NAMBLA is meeting at. Butters figuring out how to open the condom. Stan grabbing Butters angrily. Butters rubbing some cow dung on his jacket after finding the dung sticky. Butters calling upon Pele to make his volcano work."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Who's the boy with the eyes full of wonder? Who thinks being yourself is the best thing to be? Who's that rascal with the tweezers in his pocket? Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[In the splash screen, claps his fists together in the hole] That's me."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Next scenes: Butters jumps into a puddle. Butters runs down the hall to the theater proper. Butters petting a white goat. Butters holds a picture of himself and John Elway. Butters talking in the playground, holding his tooth. Kyle finds Butters on the street, after Butters tags a wall. Butters in a truck, with hockey mask on his head. Butters wondering how to not get anthrax. Butters as a Confederate officer. Butters taking over for Cartman on the phone. Butters talking in class. Butters talking to some kids in the playground. Butters as a gas station attendant after the adults are sent to prison for molesting their children. Butters with Stan and Kyle in the orientation meeting at David Blaine's complex. Butters at his window. Butters fainting after holding his breath too long trying to not get anthrax."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,"Jumpin' in puddles, skippin' down the hallway Pettin' at the petting zoo. He loves John Alway. [Butters, with pic of himself and John Elway, corrects the choir: ""Elway!""] Who's that tyke with the cutest little dimples, Battin' his eyes at every puppy he sees? If you look inside yourself, you might be surprised when you find A little boy named Butters!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[In the splash screen, the hole he was in is gone] That's me, [brings his fists together twice.] Yeah. [walks off to his left]."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,Return to Butters' living room. His mom is dusting off a portrait on the wall as his dad returns to reading the newspaper
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[making calculations on a sheet of paper at the coffee table] Three more days till we eat at Bennigan's. That's s-seventy-two hours. Aw gee whiz.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[rises and walks over to Mom] Well, if you two will excuse me, I need to go and buy a certain special lady her anniversary present. [hugs her gently]Linda: I hope he means me, haha. [Dad turns and walks to the door.]Butters: Don't be silly, Mom. Of course he means you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[at the front door] I'll be back in a little bit. [Butters rises to see him off] Butters, you're in charge of the house."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[salutes] Yes sir! [Dad exits and closes the door. Butters moves back to the table.]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[walking towards the door] Oh, I wonder what he's gonna get me this year?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,We won't know until we're at Bennigan's.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[walks around Butters to the other end of the coffee table] Every year it's the same. Your father gets me some great gift and my gift to him falls short. [walks away towards the camera and stops, wondering] I've just got to outdo him this year, I've just got to."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Dad's a good shopper all right.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[kneels beside Butters] Butters, maybe you could secretly follow your dad and see what he's getting me."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"You mean, spy on him? Uh but... ain't that kind of like... fibbin'?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[rises and goes to the computer] No, it's a little different. You remember when the nice policeman gave you a badge and made you an honorary inspector? [takes a badge from the desk and shows it to Butters.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Sure I do!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Why, I think Inspector Butters could find out what Daddy'd getting Mommy without him ever knowing. [hands the badge to Butters, who puts it on] What do you say?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[salutes her] Inspector Butters in on the case, ma'am! [walks away]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen, but now only ""Butters"" is on the screen."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone know it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] Uh, that's me!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"South Park, night, the seedy side of town. Butter's father walks down the street and stops at a corner. He sees a pawn shop across the street and walks towards it. He turns and looks around the street, then puts on a hat and turns up the collar on his shirt. He walks back the way he came. Butters has arrived and sees him from behind a bush across the street. Butters has on his own disguise - a handlebar mustache - and carries a note pad, on which he takes notes of his father's every move. He pops out from behind the bush. His father looks around to make sure no one is following and arrives at Studcat Theater to see ""Fisting Firemen 9."" He looks around as he enters, and the doors close behind him"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[takes down the info he sees] Hm. Dad's going to see a movie. How nice.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' father soon leaves the theater and walks towards a men's bath house, the White Swallow Spa. He arrives and rings the doorbell. He looks around both ways and enters as soon as the buzzer sounds. Butters looks on from behind a trash can across the street"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[writes down] ""White Swallow Bath House"""
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone know it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] Uh, that's me!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. He's returned from his tour of espionage and finds his mother in the kitchen cutting carrots into slices"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I'm back, Ma!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Oh, hi sweetie. Did you get to follow your dad around?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,I sure did. [walks over to the breakfast table and takes a seat] Dad sure had a nice night out.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Well, did you see what he got me for our anniversary?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well first, he went to see a movie."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,A movie? Hmmm. I wonder why he'd wanna see a movie by himself.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I don't know. But it wasn't the movie theater at the mall. No, it was that, really old theater downtown. The Studcat. [Mom freezes] I didn't know it was open. [a look of dread is on her face]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Wait a minute. What was the movie called?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"""Fisting Firemen 9"" [her dread turns to shock] I've never seen 1 through 8."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Oh my God...
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh but it must have been a real short movie, though, because Dad came out, like, ten minutes later. ...And it must have been a sad film, too, because, he had a bunch of tissue paper with him when he came out. Poor old Dad, the movie really got to him."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Butters, where did Daddy go after the movie?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,To the gym.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,To the gym?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Yeah. The White Swallow Spa.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[stung by that revelation] Gaah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yep. He went in there and wrestled with all kinds o' guys. He wasn't too good, though. This one black guy had him pinned down for fifteen minutes straight!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[really shocked] ...Butters? Are you sure about this? You have to be absolutely sure!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Inspector Butters gets all the facts. I even got some neato pictures. [holds them up for his mom to see. She walks over and takes them from him. She sees her husband gong into the theater, then into the spa, then being rammed by a man from behind...] The only thing I can't figure out is why dad told you he was goin' shoppin' for your present when he was goin' out to see the movies an' wrestlin'. [his mom faints right to the floor] Oh, did you have a nice ""trip,"" Mom? See you next ""fall."" Hahaha, yo- Ma?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] Uh, that's me!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's working with Lego blocks at the coffee table while his mom works on the wall behind him, painting over one shade of green with a lighter shade. Her hair is a mess."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[in a fractured, disturbed voice] Paaiint. Must paaiint. Everything clean. Paaiint."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well, honey, you've painted the entire house. Three times."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Must paaiint. Everything clean. Everything new!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[approaches Butters] Say Butters, m-I'm havin' real trouble finding an anniversary present for Mom. Any ideas?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Hm. Uh-I can't think of one.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well then, it looks like I'm gonna have to go out shopping again. [walks towards the front door.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[paints furiously now] Ungh. Paaiint. Everything clean. Everything new. Paaiint.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[opens the door] I'll be back in a little while. [exits]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[walks over to the door] Should I go see what he gets you again, Mom?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"I don't think Daddy's shopping. I think Daddy's going out wrestling again. [rolls some paint on him downwards] Paaiint. [rolls some paint on him upwards] Paaiint. [turns around and walks away, leaving a confused Butters behind] Must be made clean. New."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Hey, a new paint brush. That's what Dad could get Mom for their anniversary. I gotta go tell him. [opens the door and exits.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[alone with her thoughts in front of a family photo] Must clean Butters. [paints over her face] Clean. Never be clean. Must... [paints over Butters' face] kill? The only way? Must kill Butters. [paints some more over their faces] Paaiint.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The White Swallow Spa, night. Butters is at its front doors and rings the buzzer. The doors open and he enters He jumps up and gives the attendant some money - $10."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,One please.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Attendant,Locker two thirteen! [a towel pops out through a dispenser next to the window]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Uh thanks! [takes the towel and heads for the spa's locker room.]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The locker room. The camera pans across the locker room and shows nothing but men in towels. Some of them are exercising, others just chat."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[appears in the doorway] Dad? [walks in] Dad, you in here?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A hallway. Butters happens upon a wooden door with a small window in the upper half. He looks up at the window, then enters the room."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Hello? Eh-anybody in here?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Man,"[voice only] There, do you think that works?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mr. Garrison,"[voice only] Well, that's four fingers; try five."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh, Mr. Garrison?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mr. Garrison,...Who is that?!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,The main hallway. Butters enters and checks the first door to his left. Two men walk towards the entrance and walk out
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[reaches the second door to his left, which is ajar] Da-ad? Da-ad?? [pushes the door open] Are you wrestlin' in here? [gets a better look: two men are engaged in anal intercourse] Dad?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mr. Slave,This room's taken.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, uh, pardon me, sirs. [exits and closes that door, then moves to the opposite room and looks in] Dad? No. [leaves that room and moves to the third door to his right] Hm. [opens the door: his father is masturbating, but Butters doesn't know what that is.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[sees his son at the door and quickly covers himself] OOH! BUTTERS!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Hi Dad! [waves and smiles]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[now with towel in hand] Oh God! Aaah! Ohhh!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I'm glad I found ya. I think I know the perfect anniversary present for Mom. But what are you doin' with your wiener out there, Dad?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[quite embarrassed, has the towel in position] Butters, you need... to leave here right now! You need to... get out of here, egeh... Go home and wait for me to talk to talk to you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. Well, alright then. Well, see ya at home. [backs out and closes the door]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[now distraught] Oh, Jesus, no. OH, what have I done?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night. Butters' dad is in his study."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[closes a book, rises and calls out] Butters! Oh Butters! Could you come and see me in my study real quick?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[appears in the doorway] Uh, hey Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Come here, son. [taps his lap. Butters enters and approaches] I wanna have a talk with you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[hops onto his father's lap] Well, sure thing, Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Son, I wanted to talk to you about lying."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well, I know lying's bad, Dad. Y-you told me so."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Yes, it sure can be. [pause] But, there are also times when distorting the truth a little, uh, is appropriate. These are called ""little white lies."""
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Little white lies?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"You see, sometimes telling a little white lie is okay. Like, for instance, when you catch your father jacking off in a gay men's bath house."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"...Uh, who's Jack?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Butters, the point is that, I think that if you told Mommy what Daddy was doing tonight, well, she might go completely insane."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh no, that won't happen, Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"It won't? Oh, good."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Eh, no. Because I already told Mom and she's fine."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,You... what?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[In the doorway] Butters, Mommy wants to take you for a little drive now."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"A drive? Oh, boy! [puts his fists together twice] I- I love a good drive. Is Dad comin' too?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"No, sweetie, Daddy needs to sit and think."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[hops off his dad's lap] Alright. See ya in a bit, Dad. [walks out after his mother] Oh boy, a drive!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Boat dock, night, some minutes later. Mom drives onto a boat ramp and edges close to the water. A song plays on the radio: ""Jingle Bell Rock."" She slows the car to a stop."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, jeez, you wouldn't have believed how angry I was when Teacher said I had to share my fingerpaints, because I've been sharin' them all along."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[with a blank expression on her face] Butters, you know that Mommy loves you an awful lot, don't you?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well, sure I do, Mom. I love you, too."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"And sometimes mommies do things that seem hurtful to their babies, but it's really for the best."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, you mean like the time you washed my mouth out with soap for sayin' ""nutsack"" in front of Grandma. Yeah, I need to behave myself."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"If a mommy has to end her life, she can't let her baby alone in the world to be raised by a sick pervert."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well, sure, that makes sense, I suppose, yeah. Hey, did you seen my mittens anywhere? [begins searching] It's cold out here."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"I'm going to get out of the car now, Butters. [Butters looks up at her] I want you to stay put with your seat belt fastened."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. Well, alright, Mom. O-o-okay then. [she moves the gear shift to neutral, releases the emergency brake, opens the driver-side door, and exits. She walks away from the water, and the car starts to move forward] You know, I think the car might be movin', Mom. [cut to a view of the water from the dock] Yep, I'm pretty sure the car is movin'. Looks like I'm headin' for the water."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[close up. Her hands are together, fingertips touching] Shhh. Shhh. It's okay, baby. Mommy will be with you very soon."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[a view of the dock from the water] Well, I think I- Yup, it looks like the car is fillin' up with water! [she turns away as the car leaves the dock] Yeah. I think right now might be a good time to try to get the car out, Mom! [she walks away]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, night, living room. His mom has returned home and is now writing a note. A noose hangs over the coffee table, ready for her to use when the time comes. His father, apparently, is not home"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"""Dear bastard husband,"" No. [scribbles over the words, then writes] ""Dear lying sonofabitch,"" No. [scribbles over the words, then writes] ""Dear assface,"" Yeah, that's it. ""I will no longer-"""
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[enters the front door and quickly grasps the situation] Linda?? What are you doing?? [moves behind the sofa and to the lamp. Linda rises and quickly moves to the noose, then puts it on defiantly]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Stay away from me, bastard!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Linda, I know this is very hard-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[snaps back] You don't know anything!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"I've been wanting to stop going to those places, Linda, but I couldn't. I still love you!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[sobbing] Then why, Chris, why?!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"It just... it started as some curiosity on the Internet. I would chat with other married guys in the chat rooms and... Well the things they would talk about, Linda, I, I don't know why I found it exciting. I just did, and it, and it grew from there and it spun out of control, and- eh, ugh, DAMN YOU, INTERNET!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Well, [glares at him] you don't have to worry about your family being in your way anymore! [turns away and sobs]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"No, Linda! I don't want that lifestyle! It's just kind of an addiction. I want help. And I'm going to get help. Please, just give me a chance to make this all up to you. [she removes the noose and falls to the floor] We can have a normal life!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"There is no going back, Chris!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,Sure there is!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,No! [turns to face him] Our son is dead!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,What?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[sobbing] I killed him. [collects her thoughts] I was going to end it all, and everything spun out of control for me. I drowned Butters in the car, Chris!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Oh no. [Linda cries loudly] No! No, no, Jesus! Linda, what were you thinking?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[snaps] I WASN'T THINKING! [catches her breath] I couldn't think! You destroyed my life, you! [points at him, then breaks down] Oh, God, what have I done?! Oh, Butter-her-hers-ss-ss- [dissolves into sobs]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,[confused] This can't be happening! This is a bad dream.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Just go away and let me die! [sobs]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[genuflects next to her] No! Linda, we-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"I'm a murderer, Chris! I don't have a life now! [lays down on the floor face first and pounds it with her right fist]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Linda, Butters is gone. [drops into thought] Oh Christ, if Butters is gone, then... there's nothing we can do about that. But I won't let you go to jail, I promise, Linda! Pleeease! [she start weeping, then he starts, and they both weep...]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A river, day. The family car come into view, floating down the river, with Butters still strapped in."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh, boy! This thing ain't never gonna stop! I must be all the way down to Denver by now. [the car floats down some more and crashes into some boulders. The passenger-side door flies open] Ohhh, whoopee! Finally. Uh now that the car has come to a stop, it's safe for me to unfasten my seat belt. [unfastens it and lets it go. He scrambles out and over the boulders] Boy, Mom must be- worried sick about- me right now. Ah I gotta get back home. [before him are some low hills and the Rockies in the background. No buildings in sight] Wuh gee whiz, where the heck am I?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. A News 4 crew is there, with reporter in place. So is a crowd of spectators and other news media"
Butters' Very Own Episode,News 4 Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in front of the home of Chris and Linda Stotch. They're living every parent's nightmare right now, as last night, while Ms. Stotch was driving with her son in the car, a man stopped her, put a gun to her head, and took her son away. When asked who the man was, Ms. Stotch replied, ""some Puerto Rican guy."" Naturally, the police are in an all-out manhunt for some Puerto Rican guy. [the front door behind him opens and the Stotches appear] Uh, it looks like the parents are about to make a statement, Tom. [cameras start snapping pictures. Officer Barbrady and fellow police officers form a barricade to keep the crowd away from the podium.]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Reporter 1,Mrs. Stotch? Mrs. Stotch? Any word yet from the man who took your son?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"No, no, not yet. But if you're out there, we beg you: we just want our baby returned safely back to us."
Butters' Very Own Episode,News 4 Reporter,"Mrs. Stotch, what did the kidnapper look like?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Puerto Rican.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Reporter 2,Was he tall? Short?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"He was... average Puerto Rican height. Please, just bring our baby back to me."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The highway, day. He's in a Busy Beavers moving truck going uphill"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"And so then my friend started hollerin' at me, sayin' ""you took my rubber bands."" Well, I didn't take 'em, Craig, did. I saw Craig take 'em. Anyway, boy, I sure am lucky you came along, Mister."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Truck driver,"Yeah. Too bad you're not a broad, 'cause I need some God-damned poontang."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yeah. I could use some God-damned poontang myself right now. Have you ever been to Bennigan's, Mister? Oh, it sure is great. I'm goin' to Bennigan's tomorrow night with my family. Oh, I can just see it now. [dream sequence: the doors open and the family walks in] We'll walk in the front doors, [a smiling waitress welcomes them and leads them to their booth] and the nice Bennigan's hostess lady will take us to our cozy booth [Butters focuses on the booth bench, runs to it, and climbs on] Then we'll order some mozzarella sticks, for appetizers. [a waiter brings the dish over] Dad will open his present, and Mom will open hers [he gets a tie, she gets the paint brush, and they smile at the gifts] Uh then the Bennigan's wait staff will sing Happy Happy Anniversary from everyone at Bennigan's [the entire staff sings at the table as the family listens] Happy Happy Anniversary-eh from everyone at Bennigan's [the sequence is cut short as the driver gets annoyed] Happy Happy Anniversary from everyone at Bennigan's [the truck stops and the driver exits to make his way to the passenger side] Happy Ha-  Whoa, are we stoppin' for sodas? Hey, can I have chocolate milk? [the driver opens the door, plucks Butters out, set him by the side of the road, closes the door, and heads back for the driver's side. He gets in and drives off. Butters watches him go, then turns to face the receding truck...] He must like TGI Fridays"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. The news crews and the crowd are gone. Inside, the parents sit on the sofa as the police and detectives handle the case. The phone rings. Chris rises, but the police chief stops him"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Police chief,Let us handle it. [looks towards the phone] Barbrady?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,[answers the phone] Hello?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,Rob's Sassy Ladys titty bar. A few men sit around looking at an exotic dancer works her way around a pole. Butters is at a pay phone nearby
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. Hello? Uh, who is this?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,Who is this?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh, is this the Stotch residence?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,Yes. Are you calling about the abduction?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,...No.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,"Oh. Well, are you Puerto Rican?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[looks down and checks himself out] ...No.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Barbrady,"We need to keep this line clear. Call back another day. [hangs up and faces the family and officers] It wasn't the abductors, sorry."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Officer 1,[enters the front door] Chief! Two more parents from the next town over have shown up saying their child might have been killed by the same guy that took the Stotch boy.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Police chief,Really?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Officer 2,"[enters with the couple] This is John and Patsy Ramsey, from Boulder."
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"[they rush onto the sofa] We saw your story on the news, and we were so sorry to hear about your loss."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"Our daughter was killed a few years ago, in our house."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Yes, I... remember hearing something about that."
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,A and we realized... The man that murdered your son must be the same person that killed our daughter!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"Yes, because we certainly didn't do it! No. [they both laugh nervously]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"No, huh."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,No.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well, our son was ab-ducted. We don't know that he's dead yet."
Butters' Very Own Episode,The Ramseys,Riiight.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,...Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"A road, day. Butters walks along and comes to a fork in the road. A gas station sits in the middle of the fork, and a mechanic works on a red car. Butters approaches him"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Sir? Hello?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"[leaves the car to see Butters] Hallo, what can I do for ya?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Wah I have to get to South Park. Eh, if you give me a ride, I could pay you the four dollars I made at the titty bar."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"Sarrih, wife took the car to Estes Park for the weekend. Won't be back until Sunday, hyeah. I can give you a ride Sunday, if ya like."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,I can't wait till Sunday. I'm eating with my family at Bennigan's tomorrow.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"Well, then, looks like you're walkin'."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Uh will I eventually get to South Park if I follow this road? [points to the road on the left]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"'Aht road leads to Conifuh. You want to go to South Park, you gotta go down that rod. [the camera pans to the right and stops at a terrifying road. It is lined with spooky trees with faces on them, dark threatening clouds overhead, and eerie sounds.] 'Course, I ain't nevuh seen anyone go up that rod. Six years ago a group of campers went up there and got lost. Had to eat each other to say alive. Used to be the way to O'Riley house. He butchered over fifty children and kept their bodies in a cellah. But, you should find an old bridge about halfway up. That bridge is cursed, you know? They built it with the bones of two hundred Chinese laborers who were massacred in '34. Yeah. Lotta history down that rod."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[unsure, blinks] ...Well, it's my parents' anniversary tomorrow, [starts walking] and they're gonna be awful sad if I'm not there with 'em."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,"Well, uh good luck then."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Oh jeez. [he enters the gloomy forest]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Mechanic,[watches Butters leave] ...or is South Park down that rod?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"I Am Siam Thai Cuisine restaurant, day. Inside, the Ramseys and the Stotches are seated at a booth, men on the inside, women on the outside. Lunch is served"
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"It's so very hard to lose a loved one, isn't it?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Yes, it, it sure is."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,Thank goodness we have each other to share our grief.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Thank goodness.
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,[points towards the entrance] Here he is. [a door is heard opening and in walks...]
Butters' Very Own Episode,A Politician,John! Patsy!
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"Hello, Gary. Great to see you. Chris and Linda, this is our good friend, Congressman Gary Condit. [Condit approaches the table, waves hello, and takes a seat next to Linda] He also lost someone close to him and thinks it something to do with the same Puerto Rican guy that hurt our kids."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,We're goin' tuh get that sonofabitch! [grins. That grin is fixed in place]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Yes, I'd I sure hope we do."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,"I spoke with the FBI and some Puerto Rican guy has just made their Number One Most Wanted, heh."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"Oh, good. Maybe now they'll catch him. [the door is heard opening again] Oh, here's another member of our support group. [waves hello] O.J."
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,[waves] Hey guys.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,"Chris, Linda, you know O.J. Simpson. [O.J. walks up and shakes Linda's hand]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Oh. Sure.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,"O.J.'s wife was killed by an uh, some Puerto Rican guy, too."
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,"Yup, it was some Puerto Rican guy all right."
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,"So you see, Chris and Linda, there are people like you all over the country who've been affected by some Puerto Rican guy."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,Hey! Let's make Chris and Linda an official part of the group.
Butters' Very Own Episode,John Ramsey,Yeah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,Yeah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,Alright!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Patsy Ramsey,[waves her knife like a conductor's baton] One of us! One of us!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Gary Condit,Gooble gobble gooble gobble!
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,[joins Condit] One of us!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,the two lines happen together
Butters' Very Own Episode,The Ramseys and Condit,One of us! One of us!
Butters' Very Own Episode,O.J. Simpson,One of us! Gooble gobble!
Butters' Very Own Episode,"The Ramseys, O.J., Condit",Gooble gobble! Gooble gobble! One of us! One of us! [the Stotches look at the other four in fear]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"The scary road, night. The skies have cleared to reveal a bright full moon. The camera moves down to the road and Butters comes into view singing to himself"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"For family fun and great food, too, come on down to... Bennigan's [a shadow flies over the trees in front of him, and an eerie cry is heard. He stops] Buffalo wings and fried cheese sticks, the best are found at... Bennigan's [a snarling sound is heard. He stops and turns right, looking into the trees] Uhuh, hello? [after a while of looking, he turns left and starts walking again] So come and eat at..."
Butters' Very Own Episode,A voice,[whispering] Why can't he see us?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"...Bennigan's. You'll love all our... shenanigans. [the eerie sound is heard again, and three red dots are aimed at his forehead - he has been targeted by someone, or something... He turns right again and looks into the trees. Someone looks back, and turns on thermal vision. A neon view of Butters is shown. Butters turns left and start walking again. The three dots remain trained on his forehead] Oh, nutsack [moves his hands to his mouth and gasps a bit] Oops."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"""The Butters Show"" splash screen"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[pops out through an exploding hole and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day, the anniversary has arrived. Inside, Chris and Linda are fighting over the details of the unfolding story of Butters' disappearance. He sits on the sofa; she's pacing the floor, crying, and both are unkempt"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Naw, Linda! Because you can't now say that the abductor is Costa Rican! [rises] You have to learn to keep it straight!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,I can't keep it straight when you keep inventing new parts to the story!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Hey, don't forget that I'm covering for you! [the door opens and Butters walks in]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,Don't forget: your lies started all this. [Butters closes the door]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"My lies may have been deceitful, but your lies cover up something much more horrible than anything I ever did! [Butters approaches and looks]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Happy Anniversary!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Not now, Butters!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Oh. [moves off to his left] Alright, then. I-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Butters?? [spots him and scoops him up, then shares him with Chris]Oh, Butters!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,Son! I don't believe it! [they both drop on one knee as they hold on to Butters]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Ah, I'm sorry. The car just rolled into the lake, and it floated all the way down the river. I tried callin' home, but it was-"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Oh, my baby's back!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I ain't grounded, am I?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"No-huih, no, Butters. Oh, son, why... [relief fades to spin] Oh... Uh, we're gonna need you to tell a little white lie about where you've been though, alright?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,Lie?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Oh. Eh yes. Uh darling, you're going to have to say you don't know how you got home."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,No! You have to say that a Puerto Rican man dropped you off! [both parents set Butters down and rise]
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"Ohhh, who's gonna believe he just dropped him off?!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Hey, you stop hollerin'! It's your anniversary."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[over Butters' voice] Now we don't really have a choice, do we?!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"You're the one that made up the stuff about the Puerto Rican, IDIOT!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh stop it, Mom and Dad."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"Well you're the one who couldn't back it up wit a description, stupid!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Now gosh darn it, you! [steps in between his parents] You listen here! Now I am sick of these harmless lies and l-little white lies. You know, you can call a shovel an ice-cream machine, but it's still a shovel, Mom and Dad. Ah, and you can call a lie whatever you want, but it's still a no-good stinkin' lie! And when you start coverin' up one lie with another why, now that's when you get into real trouble! [Chris and Linda listen] Boy I've, I've just about had it up to here [puts his right hand to his chin, palm down] with you two! [a few seconds of silence follow]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,...Butters... You're as right as rain.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,[genuflects and messes with Butters' hair] You sure are.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Well I ain't in trouble for hollerin' at ya, am I?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"No, Butters. You're the best son in the whole world. [Chris walks over to the phone as Linda and Butters look at each other] And I am so happy you're alive."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"...Well ah, I'm happy you're alive too, Mom. So now can we go to Bennigan's?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"You bet, son. But Mommy and Daddy have something they have to do first. [picks up the receiver and starts dialing...]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. The news media and the spectators are back at the Stotch house for another press conference.. The front door opens and the Stotches step forth to the podium, all cleaned up and well-dressed. Cameramen begin taking pictures"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"We... have an announcement to make, um. Our son has been returned to us. [Butters comes out of the house to stand next to his parents, and cheers are heard in the crowd. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman are present]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Man in crowd,"Wow, alright."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,Butters was missing?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"But, that isn't all we have to say. You see, we learned a very important lesson tonight and it took the smarts of our young son to show us."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[points at the crowd] Yeah!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,We've learned that deception is wrong and that the only thing to ever make it right again is to come clean.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yeah! [a shot of the Ramseys, O.J., and Condit]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"You see, I've been deceiving my wife for several months. I was going to gay movies and bathhouses and having sex with random men who were complete strangers."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"[raises both arms in victory] Ye-! [turns to look at his father, and his arms go down] wait, what?"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Cartman,Huho!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,"[Butters is now afraid of what she might say] And when I found out I went crazy, I went crazy and I drove my son into the lake to kill 'im."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Uh, k-kill me? Uh Jesus Christ!"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,"Damn, dude."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"So you see, there was no ""some Puerto Rican guy."" He doesn't exist. And so the people we owe the biggest apology to are the Ramseys, Congressman Condit, and O.J. We gave you false hope for finding the person who hurt those close to you and, we're sorry. Now we're just happy we won't have to live a life of secrets. For I knew that even though some of you supported us, some others were looking at me and thinking, ""You're a liar! You're a LIAR!"" [points at the crowd, and Condit's fixed-grin face is shown] ""You know somethin' that you're not telling us, you slimy, scumbag liar!"" [back to Chris] Eh you know, that's what people would say to me. And then people would see my wife at the supermarket and they would say, ""Hello,"" but they'd be thinking, ""Ah, there goes that MURDERER!"" [a shot of O.J.] ""You got away with MURDER you murdering, lying, waste of life!"" [back to Chris] And to me, people might say things like, [a shot of Condit] ""LIAR! Tell us what you know you God-damned liar!"" [back to Chris] And so, to both of us, people all over town would be saying things like, [a shot of the Ramseys] ""You know God-damn well what happened to your kid, so stop acting like victims, and confess, you MURDERING MURDERERS!"" [a shot of O.J.] ""CONFESS!"" [a shot of Condit] ""LIAR! CONFESS!"" [back to Chris] You know, and, that's what people would be saying to us, and so, we just had to come forward and tell the truth."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Linda,We're sorry we lied to you all. It won't happen again.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"And now, if you'll excuse us, this family has to get to Bennigan's."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Man 2 in Crowd,"Yeah-ah-alright! [the parents go back in the house as a stunned Butters stands on the walkway. The crowd disperses and Stan, Kyle, and Cartman walk up to Butters]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,"Wow dude, your dad's a perv and your mom tried to kill you."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Yeah. Boy, you fellas are sure gonna rip on me at school now."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Cartman,We sure are.
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"I really wish I didn't know that stuff. I guess I learned that sometimes, lying can be for the best. Yup. Oh well, when I want a chipotle bleu cheese bacon burger at Bennigan's, I forget all about my dad... bein' queer and my mom tryin' to kill me. I'm gonna be okay."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Stan,Really?
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Naw, I'm lyin'"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Chris,"[appears in the doorway] Let's go, son."
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,"Wuh comin', Dad! [goes inside the house]"
Butters' Very Own Episode,Choir,Everyone knows it's Butters!
Butters' Very Own Episode,Butters,[returns to the doorway and points to himself with his thumb] That's me!
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, living room, day. Cartman, Stan, and Kyle are on the sofa laughing as Cartman does some prank calls."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[dialing] Shu- shut up you guys, shut up you guys. [the boys quiet down and cover their mouths as the call goes through to City Wok, a Chinese restaurant.]"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Herro, Shitty Wok, take your order prease."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[the boys giggle] Hello, is this City Wok?"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Yes, this Shitty Wok"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[the boys giggle harder] Uh, yes, we'd like one order of the City Beef."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,[writing] Shitty Beef...
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Aha, and I'll have the City Chicken."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,[writing] Shitty Chicken... [the boys roar with laughter. Cartman rolls back on the sofa]
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Oh, dude, look! [the others look up and the phone falls off Cartman's lap to the floor] It's that commercial with the guy that lost 400 pounds eating at Subway Sandwiches!"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,Commercial. The first thing on the screen is a submarine sandwich. It pans across the screen.
Jared Has Aides,Singer,"He's still lookin' good! [a man appears eating a footlong subway sandwich. The name ""JARED FOGLE"" appears on the screen near the bottom] His name is Jared [he struts down a sidewalk. ""LOST 262 LBS."" appears on the screen] His name is Jared and he likes to eat the sandwiches... [a side shot of Jared walking smoothly behind a white picket fence in Downtown, then of slices of a party sub, then of the first sandwich]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,Cartman living room. Butters walks in.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Uh, hey, fellas."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Hey Kenny.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[upset] Now gosh darnit, my name's not Kenny! Kenny's dead, and you're all gonna have to learn to deal with it!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Okay, Not-Kenny."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,Commercial continues.
Jared Has Aides,Announcer,"Hey South Park! [camera switches to the TV. Jared is shown munching away on a sub sandwich behind splash bubbles saying ""JARED LIVE"" ""FREE SUBS"" and ""LOSE WEIGHT"" and ""MEET JARED"" ""SOUTH PARK, COLORADO""] You can meet Jared IN PERSON March 6 at the Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[excited] Woh, boy! Jared's comin' to town!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Dude! That's today!
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"We've gotta get down there! Come on, Not-Kenny! [Stan and Kyle hop off the sofa and head for the front door]"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[angered] Now gosh darnit, my name's not Not-Kenny!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[hops off and follows Stan and Kyle] Okay, come on, Not-Not-Kenny."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Wo-ah I'm getting steamed now. [follows the other three. The phone remains on the floor]
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"[the receiver rattles with his voice] Hello! City Wok! City Wok, I take your order prease!"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square, moments later. A crowd is in front of the stage waiting for Jared, with people holding up signs saying ""We Love Jared"" ""We Love You Jared!!"" ""Jared for President"", etc. The boys walk up to Herbert Garrison. Kyle taps him."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Excuse me? Could we get through here?
Jared Has Aides,Herbert Garrison,"[turns around] Hell no! I've been savin' this spot for six hours! [begins to dance] His name is Garrison, Mr. Garrison. He lost ten pounds takin' Jared's lead-"
Jared Has Aides,Randy,Here he comes! [the crowd turns left as one and starts clamoring. Jared struts towards the crowd as his theme song comes up]
Jared Has Aides,Singer,"He's still lookin' good, with all those... sub sandwiches... [Jared walks up on stage and takes the podium]"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Thank you all so much. You know what? After a year of eating delicious sub sandwiches, I've proven weight loss is easy! [the crowd cheers] And I promise you, I will always be your faithful leader in easy weight loss!"
Jared Has Aides,Some men,Alright! [more cheering]
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,That guy ate all the sandwiches he wanted and lost weight. He is so cool.
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"South Park, later. A knock is heard and a door opens. Jared is seen eating a sub at a desk. A worker peaks in."
Jared Has Aides,Worker,"Mr. Fogle, some fans wanted to see if you'd sign their sandwich?"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Sure, let 'em in. [the worker lets the boys in and Jared spins around to face them] Hi kids. [the room Jared is in is a dressing room]"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Wow, Jared!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Dude! Did you really lose all that weight eating nothing but sub sandwiches?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"I sure did! And- Well- Well I, I also had a little help on the side."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,What kind of help?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Well, eating sub sandwiches was a big part of it. But the way that I lost so much weight was that I got aides."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,A- AIDS?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,That's right. I got aides about two years ago and I've been losing weight ever since. It's amazing how slim you can get with aides.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,I'll bet you can.
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Would you like to meet them?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,[steps backwards] Them?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,My aides. Scott! Tyler! [moves to the door. The two aides come in and Jared stands behind them. Then he looks at the blond to his left] Scott is my personal trainer [looks at the light brunet to his right] and Tyler is my dietitian.
Jared Has Aides,"Scott, Tyler",Hello.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Oh, ""A I D E S,"" aides."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Yep. Hooray for aides!
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Well, that's not really what you say in the commercial."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,I know. You kinda have to read the fine print at the bottom of the screen. It says I only ate a half-sized lean turkey sandwich with no mustard or mayo or anything like that and then had proper diet and exercise aides.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"But you're lying to people. If they knew that you didn't eat just all the sandwiches you want, you might not be so popular."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Y- you think so. Well, why... should it matter?"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"It matters, dude. [Jared begins to think...]"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Hmmm.
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Main Street, moments later. The boys walk along..."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,That penisbutt didn't lose weight eating sub sandwiches. He lost weight because he ate less of them and exercised.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Yeah, it's only in America that somebody can become famous just because they go from being a big fatass to not being a big fatass."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Oh-my-god! [turns around] You guys! I think I'm having a genius moment. Yes. Yes! Its coming to me now.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Tha- that's diarrhea.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Noo. Don't you see what this all means? Anybody could do what he did. What's to stop someone else from going to say, City Wok, and cutting a deal with them? Say they'll eat nothing but their Chinese food, but then eat only a little tiny bit of it and exercise."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,[following] Then City Wok could say their food makes them lose weight.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[softly] That's right Stan. [bolder] It's a cash cow, I tell you."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,That's a great idea!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Lose weight and make money... I tell you this is gonna be the greatest thing that Butters has ever done.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[surprised, steps backwards] Me?!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Weh- who do you think I'm talkin' about, Butters? Joyce de Witt?"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Oh, no, I thought you meant you. Eh, you're the fat one."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"I can't lose weight, Butters, 'cause I'm not fat. I'm big-boned. You can't slim down bones, stupid!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,But Butters isn't fat.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"That's my whole point. First we fatten him up, then we make the deal with City Wok, then take the weight back off."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"He's right. If Butters is naturally skinny, he'll be able to take the weight off faster."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"But fellas, if I get fat my parents will ground me."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Oh, come on! Just think about how famous you'll be!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,You mean like Jared?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Yeah dude! You'll be just like Jared!
Jared Has Aides,Butters,[angrily] Well the heck with that! You said Jared was a penis-butt!
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"You wouldn't be a penis-butt, Butters, you'd be famous. Just think about all those people following you around, singing songs to you just because you lost some weight... His name is Butters, it's Butters. [the boys begin to sway for each line]"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,He used to be fat but not no more [Butters brightens up]
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,City Wok brought him down to a size 4.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Now, he's got lots of moneys and girls."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,[slowing] and a lifetime of free food at City Wok.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,[beaming] Wow.
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Le Place Restaurant, night. Jared is dining with a woman inside."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Christine, you know I love you very much, and I, I can't wait for the wedding."
Jared Has Aides,Christine,"I love you too, Jared. You've changed my whole life. Her name is Jonez, Christine Jonez She lost forty pounds when she met Jared-"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Yeh, I know I know, I know. But uh... some young boys were talkin' to me earlier, and... it made me think that people might not be so proud of my weight loss if they knew something."
Jared Has Aides,Christine,"Jared, what's this all about?"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Uh, Christine, this isn't probably gonna matter to you at all, but... I have aides."
Jared Has Aides,Christine,What?!
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Yeah, I have aides. I've had aides since before we were together. [Christine's jaw drops] What, what are you thinking? Are you bummed?"
Jared Has Aides,Christine,Am I bummed?! [moves her chair away from Jared and faces him] You've had AIDS all this time and you knew it?!
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Well of course I knew it.
Jared Has Aides,Christine,Why the hell wouldn't you tell me?!
Jared Has Aides,Jared,I didn't think it was that big of a deal.
Jared Has Aides,Christine,Not that big of a deal?! I slept with you!
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Aren't you overreacting a little bit?
Jared Has Aides,Christine,"Well, Jesus Christ! We're supposed to get married!"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"We can still get married Christine, I mean, sure, they're my aides now, but after we get married... they'll be our aides [Christine sobs] You'll love having aides, Christine, you really will. And when we have children, they'll have aides. It'll make things so simple! [Christine throws up her arms, rises from her chair, and runs out of the restaurant sobbing] Christine! [rises and moves to follow Christine, but stops to think] Jeez, those boys were right. People really don't like aides. I'd better tell everyone the truth."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. The boys enter the kitchen to get their meals."
Jared Has Aides,Chef,"Hello there, children."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Chef, we need Butters to gain about fifty pounds fast."
Jared Has Aides,Chef,Fifty pounds? Why?
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Uuuh, school project."
Jared Has Aides,Chef,"Well, if you want him to get really fat as fast as possible, one of you will have to marry him."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Marry him?
Jared Has Aides,Chef,It definitely worked for every woman I ever met.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Oh, no, no, no! I ain't gettin' married; my parents will ground me!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Yeah, none of us wanna marry Butters."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[self-conscious] Well, uh, how come? What's wrong with me?"
Jared Has Aides,Chef,"Well, I guess we're gonna have to do this the old-fashioned way. Come on back, children. [all of them move away from the counter and towards the back]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"The kitchen, food preparation area. The camera pans across the table showing pots, pans, and dishes with food all over the place. It rests on Butters trying to finish off a plate, but struggling."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Ugh. [sets his plate down] Wuh, wuh, I can't eat no more."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"You have to! Here, have some more mayonnaise. [scoops out a tablespoon and hands it to Butters, but Butters doesn't take it. Chef enters and Butters begins to throw up]"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"[notices] Chef, we need more food."
Jared Has Aides,Chef,"I'm runnin' out, children. [leaves. Butters vomits some more]"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Damnit Butters! Keep eating or I'll kick you till you're deader than Kenny!
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"[soberly] Dude, that isn't cool. You shouldn't joke about Kenny being dead. Enough time hasn't passed."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,So how long until we can joke about it?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Twenty-two point three years. That's how long it takes for something tragic to become funny.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Wugh, that's a long time to wait."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Wull I can't eat no more. I-I just keep pukin' it up.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Then eat your puke.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,No!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Oh, come on! Japanese girls do it. [Butters looks at Cartman, then at his puke. Reluctantly he scoops it up and eats it.]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Kenny McCormick Memorial Town Square, later."
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,"Ladies and gentlemen, we at Subway are happy to inform you that Jared has elected to stay in South Park in order to speak to you once again! [the crowd oohs and aaha]"
Jared Has Aides,Man 1,He's going to speak with us once again!
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,"So, here he is, Jared! [the crowd cheers, and Jared is again walking towards them, grinning]"
Jared Has Aides,Singer,"He's still lookin' good, eatin' them sandwiches all the time...[Jared walks up on stage and takes the podium]"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Thank you-hoo, thank you all. Subway is a healthy way to eat fast food and lose weight!"
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,All right! [pumps his arm as the crowd reacts]
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"But, [the crowd quiets down] I feel like I need to come a little clean about something, uh-... it wasn't just Subway sandwiches that made me thin."
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,...Huh?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,The reason I was able to lose so much weight so quickly was that I got aides. [grins with relief. The rep's jaw drops.]
Jared Has Aides,Man 2,Huh?
Jared Has Aides,Man 3,What?
Jared Has Aides,Man 4,Did he say AIDS?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"But I still wanna be the leader in a fitter America, and so I'm here to tell you, that you should ALL go out and get aides! [the crowd immediately begins to disperse]"
Jared Has Aides,Man 2,Oh my God!
Jared Has Aides,A woman,Is he serious?
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Having aides - is - awesome! With aides you can literally watch the fat melt away! And with the proper mix of aides and Subway sandwiches, anything is possible! [the rep, looking on in dismay, has had enough and pushes Jared out of the way to take the mic]"
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,"Uh, the opinions expressed by Mr. Fogle are not necessarily those of the Subway Company. [Jared soothes his left arm a bit]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Cartman's living room, some days later. Stan is measuring Butters' girth and grins at the result. Camera zooms out."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Wow! He looks great!
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"How do you feel, Butters?"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"W-well, k-kinda like Cartman. [Cartman slaps Butters and shakes him] Aw!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Get a hold of yourself, man!"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Alright, now it's time for phase 2."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"City Wok, moments later. The boys walk towards it and enter. The owner greets them."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,Welcome to Shitty Wok. You rike to try Shitty Chicken today?
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Sir, we have come to offer you the business deal of a lifetime."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,You want the Shitty Beef?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Nope. We wanna show the world how healthy your food is. Our fat friend here is going to lose forty pounds eating at Shitty Wok.
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,Which one? I see two fat friends.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,[pointing to Butters] The fat one!
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"We're gonna take before and after photos, and then, when he gets skinny from eating your food, we'll show the world."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,...Why?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Because then you can pay us to use our friend in commercials.
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,Oh! You mean like-a Jared?!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Just like Jared.
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"His name is Jared, he lose some weight. Shitty Wok food sure is great. Yeah, okay. That sound good. Saw if he lose weight eating Shitty Wok, I pay use to use him in commercial."
Jared Has Aides,The Boys,All right!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Sir, we are in business!"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Subway company boardroom, day. Jared has been called in to see the board."
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,"[second from left] Jared, first of all we want to say that all of us here at Subway appreciate everything you've done for our company."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"[happily] Well, I appreciate your company doing everything it's done for me."
Jared Has Aides,Subway Rep 2,"[second from right] Yes, well, it is now the opinion of all of us that perhaps it would be best for you to take your... strange theories on weight loss elsewhere."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,[crestfallen] ...'Scuse me... am I being fired?
Jared Has Aides,Subway Rep 3,"[center] Jared, it's just that your new take on weight loss is contrary to our commitment to good health."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,How so?
Jared Has Aides,Subway Representative,"Well, your new slogan, for instance. [clears his throat] ""When it comes to fitness, Subway goes hand in hand with aides."""
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"[softly] Ah-hah. [he rises and leaves the ""SANDWICH MARKETING"" building with hands in pockets. He closes the door and walks away dejectedly. He passes a basketball court where a few people are shooting baskets. He looks at them as he passes by. Then he stops, looks at the camera, sighs, and]"
Jared Has Aides,Singer,"His name is Jared. Jared lost weight eating Subway, now he's cold and alone and with no place to call his home. He liked sandwiches with Philadelphia cream cheese."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Flex Gym Fitness Club, day."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[heard from the outside] Come on, Butters, you gotta get skinny again! [the camera goes inside. People are exercising on all sorts of equipment. A woman runs by on a track on the second floor. Butters is pulling at a rowing machine as Cartman spots him. Cartman is eating Cheesy Poofs and barking orders] You are such a flabby hunk of crap! Look at those jelly rolls! Jelly rolls I tell ya!! You still got seven chins, boah! You'll never be thin!! Nobody loves you!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[looks at Cartman] Wuh hey now, they do too! Uh, my mom and dad - love me even if I am fat."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[normal] Butters, I'm just trying to offer some motivational help here."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Well alright then.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,[barking] Row you fat bitch! Look at those jelly rolls! Nobody loves you! You're not even a person!
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Jared's dressing room, day. Jared paces the room eating a sub sandwich."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,I never asked to be famous; now everyone hates me! I almost wish I had never gotten aides! [his aides come in]
Jared Has Aides,Tyler,"Hey now, come on. What kind of talk is that?"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"I'm sorry, guys, but I...I think I wanna be aides-free for a while."
Jared Has Aides,Scott,"Come on, Jared, lighten up! People don't hate you."
Jared Has Aides,Tyler,Yeah. Maybe they're all just jealous that they can't afford to hire their own aides.
Jared Has Aides,Jared,[brightening] Wait a minute... you're right! [moves towards the camera] Yeah! I think I know how to be a celebrity again! [heads for the door]
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"City Wok, outside, later. Cartman and Kyle wait on Stan as he arrives."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Did you bring the camera?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Yeah, we're all set."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[steps in between them] Guys, I think this might be a good time to discuss some business."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Well, what do you mean?"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Well, when City Wok sees how skinny Butters is, they're not gonna want him to just make one commercial, they're gonna want several."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,That's true. Jared did like a hundred for Subway Sandwiches.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,I think we're looking at a non-exclusive two-year fifty-picture deal here. My calculations put that at about four million dollars.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Wow! [he and Stan are awed]
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Now, I think the four million should be split evenly among the three of us, except that I should get a twenty percent per negation fee off the gross for having come up with the idea."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,[arrives as Cartman speaks] Hey fellas.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Butters?! What the hell are you doing?!
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Yeah, you're still fat!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Well, I know, ah I can't seem to lose it."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Well we're supposed to shoot your commercial today, you fat piece of crap!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Well ah I don't know what to tell ya. Losin' weight is harder than puttin' it on.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"No it isn't, stupid blubberbutt!"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,[Kyle finally produces the camera] Did you eat only one ounce of City Wok like we told you?!
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Well uh yeah, but ah, I don't know..."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Why are you doing this to us?!
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Butters' house, later. The boys have prepared a makeshift operating table on the coffee table in the living room. Kyle reads from a medical book, Cartman has a suction tube and pail, and Stan is overseeing the operation."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,All prepared for liposuction surgery?
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Check.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Uh, I don't know about this, fellas."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"[shoots back] Hey, you're the one who screwed us by not losing weight, Butters. [Cartman makes sure the scalpel is sharp]"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"[faces Stan] Okay, it says here the operation begins with a one-inch incision in the ab-do-men on the left side just above the hip."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,That should blah [babbles a bit] ah- here. [cuts into Butters' abdomen]
Jared Has Aides,Butters,[reacts] Woahhh!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Oh stop your bitchin' Butters! Kenny woulda took it like a man!
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Okay, now put one end of the tube a half an inch into the incision. [Cartman picks up one end of the tube and inserts it into the incision]"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Alrighty.
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Whoa. I think this is a bad idea, fellas. I feel woozy."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Alright, I think it's in. [turns around]"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"The liposuction is a process of siphoning out the excess fat. [Cartman stalls, then picks up the other end and starts sucking the fat out]"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[spits out the hose as soon as the fat hits his lips] Bohogh, egh. [puts the hose into the pail for the fat to collect]"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Waaaahh!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,There it goes.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Alright, it's working!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[wipes away a bit of fat remaining on his lips] Aw man, it tastes like that, um, you know that cream-chipped-beef stuff that Chef makes sometimes."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Aahh heh ahh, I don't feel very good."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Shut up, Butters, it's your own damned fault."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Everything's getting dark...
Jared Has Aides,Stan,We've gotta hurry this up. [moves behind the coffee table to Butter's belly and starts pounding on it. The fat begins flowing out faster]
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[looks at the fat flowing out] Oh yeah, keep doing that. That's working good."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,He's losing weight. [Kyle smiles]
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Oh, whoa. Whoa! [the fat rushes out so quickly the tube begins to buck, splattering fat and blood all over the place]"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"It's out of control! [Stan has stopped pounding, but the fat is pulsing out and Cartman can't control it.. Butters gets thinner by the second and headed for shock]"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Whoa, everything's getting sparkly. [the sound of a car pulling up is heard]"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Oh no, dude, Butters' parents are home."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Oh, crap!"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Dude, bail! [the three boys rush out the back door, then the front door opens and Butter's parents walk in. The living room is a mess]"
Jared Has Aides,Linda,Butters? Butters?!
Jared Has Aides,Butters,[listlessly] Mom. Dad.
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,Butters. Are you having liposuction surgery? Tell me the truth!
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Yes sir.
Jared Has Aides,Linda,This is unbelievable! How many times have we told you not to have self-perform liposuction surgery in our house?!
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Four times, mom."
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,"Well, I guess that wasn't enough! You get up to your room right now, mister!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Yes, sir. [rises and... struggles. He falls off the coffee table to the floor. Stephen isn't fazed, but Linda is affected]"
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,"Oh, huh- Don't you give us that look young man! You're gonna get it!"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"News 4 News, day. A field reporter stands in front of the Mayor's office. The mayor and her aides are present."
Jared Has Aides,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing out in front of the Mayor's office, where the big liar, Jared, is once again about to speak. Apparently, Jared hopes to regain his celebrity hero status, which was lost when he announced that it was AIDS, not sub sandwiches, that caused him to lose weight. Let's listen in."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,The podium. Jared stands behind it.
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Ladies and gentlemen, a-at first I didn't understand why you felt betrayed by the fact that my aides helped me to lose weight, but now I understand that it isn't fair that- I had aides and most of you don't. And so, with all the money I've made from commercials, I have decided to start the Aides for Everyone Foundation!"
Jared Has Aides,Jimbo,What?!
Jared Has Aides,Jared,I am going to personally see to it that each and every one of you gets aides! [a long silence follows as the audience just looks at Jared]
Jared Has Aides,Mayor McDaniels,This guy's insane.
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"But I won't stop there. I'm gonna seek out all the underprivileged and hungry children of the world, and I'm going to give them aides myself!"
Jared Has Aides,Chef,You're gonna give children AIDS?!
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Yes, it is my hope that every beautiful child on this earth has aides by next month! Aides for everyone! [another long silence]"
Jared Has Aides,Skeeter,Get him! [the crowd begins to move forward angrily and Jared leaves the podium]
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Butters' house, some days later. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman show up at the front door, and Cartman rings the bell."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Come on, Butters. Time to go."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,Uh- go where?
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,To City Wok so we can make our money. God!
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"I can't go anywhere, fellas. I've been grounded for havin' liposuction... surgery. [lifts his shorts to show the bandage over the scar]"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,What?
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Wuh well I told you my parents would be sore, and they said for... havin' liposuction surgery, I can't play outside for five days."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Dude, we just need you to come down to City Wok real quick so they can see how skinny you are!"
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"[counts off] Well you guys have already got me in Dutch for gettin' fat, and then I got in double-Dutch for... havin' liposuction, and now you're askin' me to be in triple Dutch?! [moves his hands palms down to wash his hands of any more trouble] Huh-uh! I'll never be that Dutch!"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,...Kenny would have done it.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,Yep.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Do you guys remember what a cool friend Kenny was? [whispers] God. [normally] He was always up for helpin' us out; man, he was the best friend ever."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Look, fellas, I can't do it! My mom and dad call in every hour from work to make sure I am here. If I don't answer the ph-phone, it'll know I'm- I'm up to no good!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Alright alright, I'll stay here and answer the phone for you."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,No- but you don't sound like me.
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[begins sounding something like Butters. Kyle looks on] Well, you don't sound like me. My name is Butters and I'm a little pussy who won't help his friends make money."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Wow, that was pretty good."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Alright, it's settled. Come on, Butters. [pulls Butters out the door. Cartman enters the house]"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Don't forget, a third of that four million dollars is mine! [the others leave and he closes the door]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Stotch living room, inside. Cartman moves to the sofa."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,Eh. [makes himself comfortable on the sofa and turns on the TV. He grunts a bit] Eh. Yeah. [the phone rings; he answers] Well hello?
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,"[at an office full of cubicles] I'm just checking in on you, Butters. [a woman walks down the aisle behind him] Uh, do I hear the television? We told you no television while you're grounded!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Oh, gee whiz, I'm not.. watchin' television, Dad, I'm just... layin' around jackin' it."
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,Jacking it? Jacking what?
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Well my hot spicy boner, of course, Dad."
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,WHAT?! Are you trying to get yourself in more trouble with that kind of language?!
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Ah, loosen up, you bloody vaginal belch."
Jared Has Aides,Stephen,"Oh, you're gonna get it, mister! Just wait until I get home!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Bring it on, queer bait. [hangs up] Aaaahhhh, yes! [puts his arms behind his head, quite satisfied with himself]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Day, somewhere. Jared has a bat and is beating the hell out of something..."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"...I tell my [paf] girlfriend I have aides and she leaves, I tell the [paf] world to get aides and they think I'm crazy, I offer to give aides to kids and everyone wants me [paf] dead! [the camera pulls back and the thing Jared is beating is a dead horse. Literally] What's wrong with [paf] aides?! Why doesn't anyone want me to give them [paf] aides?! [the crowd arrives with torches, charging noisily]"
Jared Has Aides,Herbert Garrison,"There he is, beatin' that dead horse!"
Jared Has Aides,Man in Crowd,Alright!
Jared Has Aides,Jimbo,Let's get him! [the crowd charges forward and Jared runs away again]
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Aahhh!
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"City Wok. Stan, Kyle, and Butters arrive and enter."
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,Welcome ta Shitty Wok. Take your order prease.
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,We have great news! Our friend has lost forty pounds eating your City Wok food. Here's the before and after photos.
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,He lose weight eating Shitty Wok?
Jared Has Aides,Stan,That's right! So now you can pay us to use him in your commercials and you'll have your very own Jared!
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh no, no way! I not putting no Jared in my Shitty Wok commercial!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Uh, why not?"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,Don't you know? Everybody hate Jared. He want everyone in world to have AIDS. He sick in the head.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,What?!
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,I don't want Shitty Wok have nothing to do with Jared land his AIDS.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Wait. Everyone hates Jared now?
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Yah they, they gonna kill him. They gonna kill Jared downtown right now."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Ugh, come on guys, we gotta sort this out. [the boys exit the store]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Butters' house, living room. Cartman has eaten quite a bit of food (soda, milk, candy, Cheesy Poofs) and is watching TV - a Terrance & Phillip episode. Only their voices are heard."
Jared Has Aides,Phillip,"Here's a man's fart for ya. [farts, laughs]"
Jared Has Aides,Terrance,"God no! [laughs again, and Cartman joins in. The phone rings] Oh, Phillip, your anthrax has given me colon cancer!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,[answering] Hello?
Jared Has Aides,Linda,"[calling in from her office] Butters, your father called and said you made him very upset!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Yeah, well, Dad's being a little pussy, Mom."
Jared Has Aides,Linda,"[stunned, then] Butters, where did you get that kind of smart mouth?!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Uh not from you dumbasses, that's for sure."
Jared Has Aides,Linda,"OH, you just WAIT until I get home, mister!"
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"Oh, I'll be waiting with horse bells on, you old... horse-bangin' skank. [hangs up] Eh. [resumes eating]"
Jared Has Aides,Terrance,"Ey! There's some anthrax over there! [farts, then roars with laughter]"
Jared Has Aides,Phillip,"Oh no, hahahahahahaha."
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Downtown, Mayor's office, outside, day. The crowd has captured Jared and taken him back downtown. A gallows is set up and Jared has had the noose placed around his neck. Two men finish and walk off. The Mayor stands off to one side with her aides."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Why did I ever do those stupid commercials?
Jared Has Aides,Mayor McDaniels,"Alright, Jared, you sick pervert! Do you have anything to say before you die?!"
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,[offscreen] Wait! [the boys run up to the gallows platform] You're all making a mistake!
Jared Has Aides,Chef,"Stand back, children! Jared wants to give you AIDS!"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"No, you don't understand. Jared doesn't have ""AIDS,"" AIDS, he has assistants. Two guys that help him lose weight that he calls his aides."
Jared Has Aides,People in Crowd,[softly] Oh.
Jared Has Aides,Mayor McDaniels,"You mean, Jared's aides are like my aides?"
Jared Has Aides,Jared,Yes. ...Y-you mean you all thought...? Oh my Gosh!
Jared Has Aides,Skeeter,"Oh boy, do I feel stupid."
Jared Has Aides,Gerald,"Oh we're so sorry, Jared."
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"No no, hey it was my fault. I can't believe I- I, I didn't think of what I was saying! [giggles]"
Jared Has Aides,Chef,"Eh so he was saying, children should have help like he had! [laughs]"
Jared Has Aides,Randy,Yeah! That has got to be about the biggest misunderstanding ever! [several people laugh]
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"[laughing] Oh my God! I told my girlfriend I wanted her to share my aides - oh, no wonder she left!"
Jared Has Aides,Herbert Garrison,"[laughing] Cuh-can you imagine what we thought when you said, ""Aides for Everyone Foundation?"""
Jared Has Aides,Jared,"Oh, brother!"
Jared Has Aides,Skeeter,Aha- [stops and realizes something] ...Hey. We're all laughing. [everyone stops and listens]
Jared Has Aides,Mr. Mackey,"Uh hey, yeah. We, we woulda never laughed about this before."
Jared Has Aides,Randy,"Well don't you see what this means? It's been 22.3 years, so... AIDS is finally funny!"
Jared Has Aides,People in Crowd,Ooo.
Jared Has Aides,Mayor McDaniels,He's right. It happened!
Jared Has Aides,Jimbo,Hey everybody! AIDS is finally funny!
Jared Has Aides,People in Crowd,Alright! Yay! Woohoo! [fireworks come up out of nowhere] Hooray!
Jared Has Aides,Mr. Mackey,I knew it would be funny someday! [laughs] AIDS!
Jared Has Aides,Herbert Garrison,"Then it's time... We can undo the banner! [fanfare comes up, and a man pulls a curtain away to reveal a huge golden plaque reading ""AIDS IS FINALLY FUNNY"" Ooohs and aaahs follow.]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Cut to Times Square, where the crawl reads ""3-06-02 AIDS HAS BEEN OFFICIALLY DECLARED FUNNY"""
Jared Has Aides,New Yorker,Hooray!
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Cut to Mayor's office, outside. Everyone now has party hats on and are celebrating. The field reporter resumes reporting."
Jared Has Aides,Reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in the town square where just moments ago it was declared that AIDS... can finally be joked about. What a great day for humanity."
Jared Has Aides,Herbert Garrison,"[laughs, then] ""AIDS quilt"" [resumes laughing. The crowd disperses and Tuong Lu Kim finds the boys]"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh boy, this is fantastic! I so grad AIDS is funny now."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Okay, so now, do you wanna use our friend in your commercials?"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,Sure 'kay. I pay you fifteen dowlars.
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Fifteen dowlar? But... Jared got millions!
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Hey, I'm not a-Subway, I Shitty Wok. Shitty Wok don't have... million dollars."
Jared Has Aides,Stan,[takes off his hat and throws it on the ground] Oh God-damnit!
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Aw, just forget the whole thing then!"
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,"Okay. [walks off, returns] Hey, you kids know why chicken cross the road?"
Jared Has Aides,Stan,Why?
Jared Has Aides,Tuong Lu Kim,'Cause it has AIDS. [laughs. The boys just look at him oddly] AIDS so funny! [walks away laughing]
Jared Has Aides,Stan,"Well, so much for our money."
Jared Has Aides,Kyle,"Yeah, but you know, I've learned something today. It would have been wrong to exploit Butters' weight loss. Because then lots of fat people would have believed it. And then gone and eaten a ton of Chinese food instead of dieting properly. They'd still be fat and, we'd be responsible for their shattered dreams."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Yeah, I don't like shattering fat peoples' dreams. Besides, I'd get grounded. [gasps] Oh, Jesus! I'm supposed to be grounded! [rushes away]"
Jared Has Aides,Scene Description,"Butters' house, minutes later. Butters rushes to the front door."
Jared Has Aides,Butters,"Huh. Huh, uh, uh."
Jared Has Aides,Cartman,"[opens the door in anticipation] There you are, Butters!"
