The City Part of Town,Aide,"Mr. McCormick, you will be living in the most vibrant part of the entire town. SoDoSoPa is the future of South Park."
The City Part of Town,Johnson,There will be amazing food and incredible shops right at your doorstep.
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,And we want to assure the lower-income families that we are going to take the time to do this right.
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"The SodoSoPa project is now complete, and a new eatery is shown. The Broflovskis and the Stotches are having dinner together"
The City Part of Town,Waiter,"Alright guys, welcome to Steed. Do we have any allergies?"
The City Part of Town,Stephen,"No, nothing. And we we wanna try everything! [Det. Harris and Officer Barbrady are dining at another table]"
The City Part of Town,Det. Harris,"Wow, can you believe this place?"
The City Part of Town,Officer Barbrady,"Yeah, the food is unbelievable. [Randy and Nelson are at the bar]"
The City Part of Town,Randy,"It's like a dream come true, Nelson. This area is gonna put our town on the map. [the camera pulls back and Steed is shown on the second floor of a mall that has been built on the McCormick house. A narrow entrance between the house and the garage leads to a patio where the backyard used to be, and there are more shops beyond that. Stuart steps outside and dumps his garbage in an aluminum trash can]"
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"City Wok, night. It's empty, and Tuong Lu Kim reflects on the changes in his business. He's smoking and holds a cup in his left hand while ambient Oriental music plays"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"I don't know what happen all my customers. I used to have a-people come in here, fill every table. Now it's like a-nobody want anything to do with my authentic shitty food. This town is changing so fast, you know? [a lone man sits by the window eating dinner. There are no other customers] This town is changing so fast, everybody wan be PC, be updated. It's like I'm a reric. A rost reric from another time. You know? I dunno, sometime I feel like I outstayed my welcome. Is just how I feel, you know?"
The City Part of Town,Diner,Uh huh.
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"It's like a-my accent make people uncomftable or something. How a Chinese man is supposed to survive in this world? [the door opens] Oh, welcome oh Shitty Wok, a take ur order prease?"
The City Part of Town,Man,"[turns left and walks up to the diner] Hey Mike, whatcha doin' man? The guys are all meetin' down at SoDoSoPa."
The City Part of Town,Mike,At what?
The City Part of Town,Man,"They've totally revitalized this area south of Downtown, you've gotta check it out! [turns and walks out]"
The City Part of Town,Mike,"Oh sweet, dude. [gets up and follows his friend out the door]"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,SoDoSoPa? What the hell is a SoDoSoPa?
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"SodoSoPa, moments later. Tuong Lu Kim arrives to see the place for himself"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,What the fuuuck!
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"SodoSoPa, Kenny's house. All the family is in the living room, bored as the music thumps away around them"
The City Part of Town,Karen,"Mommy, can we go eat outside?"
The City Part of Town,Carol,"No, we can't go eat outside."
The City Part of Town,Karen,"But Mommy, they have ice cream. [points outside]"
The City Part of Town,Stuart,"We can't afford $10 ice cream, alright?! If you want nice things, then go out and get a JOB! Except you won't make MONEY! [Karen gets off the sofa with her head down and goes to her room] Because you just BUST your ASS and then barely get by while everyone around you gets RICHER! [Kenny glares at his dad, then gets up and follows Karen] Just face it: things are never gonna change around here."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"The Mayor's office, next day. The mayor and a bunch of townsfolk are waiting on Randy, who's at the desk about to place a call"
The City Part of Town,Johnson,What's he gonna say?
The City Part of Town,Fr. Maxi,Maybe they won't even answ- [the Mayor shushes them both as Randy waits for a pickup]
The City Part of Town,Randy,"Hi, um, yes, my name is Randy Marsh, and um, we would like to try and get a Whole Foods in our town? ... Yes, that's right. Aaah, yes, it's ah, South Park, Colorado. Nonononono! Nononononono! [continues this for some time] It's not at all what you think! Yes, it's where the Presidential candidate is from-Nonononono! Nononononono! Hold on! Hold on, hold on! SoDoSoPa! SoDoSoPa! We have a SoDoSoPa and the town is completely different! SoDoSoPa! We have an arts and entertainment district! Cultural! Yes. Okay. Okay, yes, I, I understand. Thank you. [hangs up and gathers his thoughts] They said they maybe might send over a representative. [a moment later everyone cheers. Randy hugs the Mayor.]"
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"First commercial, montage of live-action scenes"
The City Part of Town,Voice,"[Deep] There's a certain quality, vibe, and energy that is SoDoSoPa. From the independent merchants and unique cafes to the rustic charm of a mixed-income crowd. [the camera pans to Kenny and Stuart, who are annoyed. A couple is dancing at Savor the Goodness as Kevin and Karen look on through a window. Their mom comes up and pulls the blinds down, then back to live action] Where else can you let loose your wild side while still being a part of helping the local economy? [a shot of the whole family looking out at the diners. The parents are mad] And now, a chance to own a piece of this most exciting area of South Park. Announcing: the Lofts at SoDoSoPa. Two thousand square foot of flats that will put you right in the heart of it all. After a night out eating and shopping in SoDoSoPa, just take a few steps and you're home. With modern styling these lofts are sleek, sexy, and oh so SoDoSoPa. And for those very privileged few, the most private and exclusive ownership opportunity is here. Announcing the Residences at the Lofts at SoDoSoPa. Now you can have access to luxury refined while still just steps away from the action. These finely appointed residences all feature state-of-the art finishes and balconies with views of historic Kenny's house. It's a place to laugh. It's a place to gather. A place to mingle with people of all economic classes. And now, it's a place to live. SoDoSoPa. Welcome Home."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Kenny walks down a sidewalk and notices a sign asking for help - child help. He takes it from the window and enter City Wok with it"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"And we are going to take a-business back from a-SoDoSoPa! [notices Kenny with the sign] Ah, hello, you here for job? Prease join the others prease. [he already has a crew of seven kids. Kenny joins the crew] Some say I cannot survive in today's world. But if there's one asset that a Chinese man has, it's the tactical use of a child rabor. And together, child rabor force, we are gong to bring a SoDoSoPa to its knees."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"Morning in South Park. New signs are being put up to replace aging ones in Downtown, walls are being painted, flowers bought. Tom is cleaning the windows at his rhinoplasty office, and the town gathers in front of Tom's Rhinoplasty. Bleachers are in place, and the kids take up seats in them"
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"This is it, people! This is what we've all been working for! The future of our town depends on us being on our best behavior! No swearing, no weirdness, and no speeches! [everyone looks at Kyle, who motions as if to say something]"
The City Part of Town,Johnson,He's coming!
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,Go! go! Everyone in place! [all the adults gather by Tom's Rhinoplasty]
The City Part of Town,Townsman,"Oh look! [a female conductor leads the kids in a rendition of ""He's Got The Whole World In His Hands"" A car pulls up and a Whole Foods Market representative steps out. At this point, the song ends]"
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"[approaches] Hello, sir. On behalf of everyone here in South Park, please let me say we are very excited to be in consideration-"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,"[ignores her] Everyone, please go about your business! I need to see this town in its normal goings on, to see if it is indeed a Whole Foods town."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"City Wok, day. Mr. Kim's child laborers are hard at work cleaning up the restaurant. A girl is up on a ladder cleaning one of the lanterns"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"[comes in from the left side] Okay, rooking good, child rabor force. [claps three times] We gonna make a Shitty Wok an updated and a beautiful. [heads back towards the kitchen and sings]"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"[comes in from the left side] Okay, rooking good, child rabor force. [claps three times] We gonna make a Shitty Wok an updated and a beautiful. [heads back towards the kitchen and sings] Let's go child rabor force, let's go! [returns to the dining area] No no, Dennis, you don't use a too much cleaner on the table. That stuff expensive. Now risten everybody! This is a big day! We gonna take the business back from a-SoDoSoPa! And how we gonna do it, child rabor force?! That's right, by taking pride in our work! With the way this prace is looking, we gonna have people rushing in any second!"
The City Part of Town,Man 2,"[voice only] Okay, everyone go about your business."
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,Oh! Here they come!
The City Part of Town,Man 3,"[voice only] Everyone act normal. No, don't act normal, act good!"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"There they go. [runs to the entrance] Wait, wait! [runs outside] Shitty Wok! Take ur order prease?! Take ur- [quiet voice, as no one comes back] Take ur order ... prease? [a different camera angle shows a Red Lobster across the street from City Wok and Skeeter's Bar and Cocktails down the road.]"
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The Mayor gives the Whole Foods representative a tour of the school"
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,The previous principal of the school was let go so that someone more progressive could take over.
The City Part of Town,PC Principal,"[stands up] Hey bro, I'm the new principal of the school. My name's PC Principal."
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,P.C. Principal. I like that. So you've just recently moved here?
The City Part of Town,PC Principal,That's right.
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,And do you believe this town is deserving of a Whole Foods?
The City Part of Town,PC Principal,"You know, I think it's changed a lot. I really do. I've seen some real progress. Definitely had some holdouts - people who went kicking and screaming into 2015, but yes, I think they deserve it."
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,Mmmmm-hm. [turns around] Show me a classroom please.
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"Mr. Garrison's former classroom, Fourth Grade, moments later. A new female teacher is giving the class a lesson. she's sitting on a stool and shows the class some pictures from an open book."
The City Part of Town,Teacher,"But if Pluto isn't a planet, who can tell me what it is? [the door opens and the Mayor and representative walk in] Oh, hello."
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,This is our new fourth-grade teacher. She's very normal and professional.
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,Please continue as if I am not here.
The City Part of Town,Teacher,"Okay, so uhh children, anyone wanna tell me what Pluto is classified as? [the Whole Foods Rep walks across the floor towards the windows] Anybody? Okay. [the Whole Foods Rep walks back] Well, Pluto is actually a dwarf planet. [Kyle and Stan look at each other] That means it's neither a planet nor a natural satellite, okay?"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,"[to the Mayor] Is there a reason why the children with disabilities and black child are front and center? [""...like the moon. Who can tell me how big the moon is?""]"
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh no, that's just where they always sit, next to our beloved Craig there, who is a homosexual. [Craig hears this and looks at her angrily. ""Is it bigger? Smaller? Anyone wanna take a guess""]"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,Mmmmm-hm.
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"Uh, can, can I show you the most exciting part of town?"
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"SoDoSoPa, day. The place is bustling, as usual. The Mayor and the Whole Foods Rep arrive to have a look"
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"This is historic SoDoSoPa. It's our vibrant and charming arts and foods district. [Kenny is shown coming home from school. He opens the door, sees them, goes inside, and slams the door shut]"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,"Hmmm, I enjoy how you've retained the lower-income housing with the updated and quaint urban developments."
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,That's really what our town is about. [Randy arrives with Stephen]
The City Part of Town,Randy,"Oh, hello again. Stephen and I were just heading to SoDoSoPa to enjoy some specialty foods. [the Whole Foods Rep turns around and looks at the vast open area across the street, and begins to survey it. Randy nudges Stephen a few times]"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,Hmmm. I have seen enough for today. I am weary. Where shall I sleep?
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"Oh yes, of course, uh..."
The City Part of Town,Randy,"Uh, well, tonight, you're at our Motel 6. But, we'd like to show you the plans for something extremely exciting."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,Second commercial
The City Part of Town,Voice,"You can't say ""excitement"" without saying ""SoDoSoPa."" The food, the art, the nightlife. With the Lofts and Residences at SoDoSoPa all the action was just a few steps away. But what if you could actually live in the most central location that SoDoSoPa has to offer? Well, now you can. Announcing: the Villas at Kenny's House. The most sought-after address in all of South Park for only the very privileged few. Now you can relax in your state-of-the-art deck spa while taking in views of that mixed SoDoSoPa culture. [a view of the back of Kenny's house. Stuart and Carol are fighting, and the new neighbors can see it]"
The City Part of Town,Stuart,"Shut your damn mouth, bitch!"
The City Part of Town,Carol,You shut your mouth or I'll shut-
The City Part of Town,Voice,"But that's not all. The Villas at Kenny's house will also feature access to a private fitness center, clubhouse, and so much more. Plus a breezeway to the proposed Whole Foods just steps away. [PROPOSED WHOLE FOODS NOT YET CONFIRMED] The Villas at Kenny's House. Welcome Home."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"City Wok, night. Tuong Lu Kim sighs and works the cash register. He counts the day's earnings. Before him is Kenny, the one kid left after the day is done, mopping the floor"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"Hey, that's okay. We close. All the other child labor go home."
The City Part of Town,Kenny,[stops mopping] (I just wanna make sure I get the floors as clean as I can.)
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"I like you, Dennis. You work a real hard. [hands Kenny a dollar] I wish I could give you more. You deserve more. [walks over to a window] But I think I'm gonna have to shut down. Now that a SoDoSoPa open, I'm the shitty part of town. And everyone hates the shitty part of town."
The City Part of Town,Kenny,(Yeah. I know what you mean.)
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh, what do you know about living in the shitty part of town, Dennis?"
The City Part of Town,Kenny,"[drops the mop] (Hey, I have an idea.)"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,You have idea?
The City Part of Town,Kenny,(I actually do!)
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,Oh! That's the spirit! Let's go child rabor! [clap clap clapclapclap] Let's go child rabor! [they both clap clap clapclapclap]
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"A ranch in South Park, day. The the rancher, Mayor, and Whole Foods Rep stand behind a fence"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,So these are the cattle that the local shops and restaurants are supplied with.
The City Part of Town,Rancher,"Uh... these are local cows, yes."
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,And where does the butchery take place?
The City Part of Town,Rancher,"Uh, that's right over there. [a ranch hand shoots a cow in the head, killing it on the spot]"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,And are the bullets made from reclaimed metals?
The City Part of Town,Mayor McDaniels,"I believe they are. Rancher, could you make sure?"
The City Part of Town,Fr. Maxi,"Randy, Stephen, we've got a big problem! The owner of City Wok has child labor making videos for him!"
The City Part of Town,Richard,What??
The City Part of Town,Randy,Oh Jesus! We forgot all about that guy!
The City Part of Town,Bob,[sees the Whole Foods Rep turn around and nudges Randy] Shhh!
The City Part of Town,Fr. Maxi,It's all over the place. He's tryin' to revitalize his rundown neighborhood! [the Mayor follows the rep's gaze]
The City Part of Town,Randy,"God, why do the economically challenged always have to screw up everything?! [turns around to face the Mayor] We're gonna head back to SoDoSoPa for some curious fusion delights. [turns around and leads the other three men away] Come on, we'll get that asshole!"
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,Third commercial
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"There's a new and exciting prace where people can gather to shop, experience and grow. This is an all-new food and nightrife district. This, is CtPaTown. Where else but CtPaTown can you get all the shitty hot spots and shitty food that South Park is known for? In the mood for some local seafood? Red Robster has all the freshest from Colorado's many oceans. Or if a handcrafted ale is more your thing, head on down to Skeeter's Bar for local ales like a Coors and a Coors Rite. And then, of course, there's Shitty Wok, South Park's historic Asian fusion randmark, featuring Shitty Chicken and Shitty Sour Soup. The state-of-the-art toiret is designed for men and women [just a regular toilet and bathroom. No urinal] and is a great prace for you to squeeze out all the shitty food you've enjoyed. Now South Park has another neighborhood to mingle and rerax. CtPaTown. Welcome Home."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"City Wok, day. Mr. Kim has all his workers there, waiting for the doors to open"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh boy, get ready child rabor force! Any minute now, we gonna have a-customers up our ass!"
The City Part of Town,Townfolk,Get him! There he is! That son of a bitch! Get him! Stop him!
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh boy, here they come! [turns to Kenny] You were right, Dennis! CtPaTown commercial did the trick! [heads back to the counter and turns around] Get ready for customers, child rabor force! [the adults rush in and fan out] Welcome Shitty Wok, take your order PREASE. [Fr. Maxi takes Tuong Lu Kim, Officer Barbrady takes Kenny]"
The City Part of Town,Kenny,(What. The. Fuck?!) [the other adults take the rest of the kids. They all rush out of the restaurant]
The City Part of Town,Randy,"Alright, take these kids and hide them in the-"
The City Part of Town,Kenny,"(Come on, dude, I've gotta make some money!)"
The City Part of Town,Randy,Ow! You little-! [kicks Kenny down]
The City Part of Town,Girl,Get him! [a massive fight breaks out between the adults and the child labor force]
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"Fight, child rabor force! Swing to the reft!"
The City Part of Town,Whole Foods rep,"[shows up with the Mayor and clears his throat] Ahem, ahem! [all the fighting stops and Mayor McDaniels is dismayed at this bad behavior. The adults put the kids down and smile, the kids stay as they are] I've never seen a town put so much energy into displaying an exaggerated sense of social consciousness. Congratulations, you have your Whole Foods. [the adults cheer and disperse.]"
The City Part of Town,Tuong Lu Kim,"Wait wait, anybody want a Shitty Chicken?? Anybody?? Take ur order prease??? [jumps a few times in frustration, then sighs] I'm sorry, Dennis. You rearry tried to help. I guess it's over. Come on inside. I'll pay you the child labor wage you deserve."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"Kenny's house at SoDoSoPa. Kenny goes home after work. He goes inside his house and passes by the TV, which is showing Hee Haw. The picture tends to flicker between color and black and white"
The City Part of Town,Stuart,[cynically] Well? Did you make any money?
The City Part of Town,Kenny,"[stops and looks down] (No, I didn't make any money.) [continues to the bedrooms]"
The City Part of Town,Stuart,"Ha, told ya! That's how it works in this damned country."
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"A bedroom. Kenny opens the door and looks in. Karen, who is sharing the room with Kevin, sits up in her bed and looks at Kenny"
The City Part of Town,Karen,"[whispers as Kenny goes to her bed] What are you doing, Kenny? [Kenny takes off his backpack and opens it, pulling out a blonde Mama Baby doll. He hands it to her and she gasps in anticipation] Wow! This is mine?"
The City Part of Town,Kenny,"[pats her knee] (It's yours, Karen.) [closes his backpack and puts it on, then leaves the bedroom. He stops to look at Karen take the doll out of its box]"
The City Part of Town,Karen,"Hi. [Kenny closes the door and goes to his own room. He drops the backpack on the floor and goes straight to bed. Life outside at SoDoSoPa bustles on, with the thumping music.]"
The City Part of Town,Scene Description,"Fourth commercial. City Wok is still here, but something new is next to it. It's the Whole Foods Market, which shows that CtPaTown got the store, not SoDoSoPa. The Stotches approach the store. A worker turns a sign around so that customers know the store is open. The Blacks are inside checking out loaves of bread. Officer Barbrady has purchased some meat at the meat counter. Gerald is walking a dog while Sheila pulls Ike around in a Radio Flyer. Kyle helps out. A young man passes Dr. Mephesto on a bike and waves hi to him. Darryl Weathers passes in front of Liane on his own bike. They wave hello to each other, smiling. Randy carries Stan, who is pointing out something to him"
The City Part of Town,Voice,"There's a time when a town becomes more than it was. [Someone pours himself some coffee. Butters and Linda look at cakes. Mr. Mackey is chatting with the Mayor] When the people take that bold step into making things better. [a bearded worker glances at the camera. Craig points out some deli meats to him mom] To progress. [a shot of two child workers and their mother] To change. [another child worker and his parents] To not be what you were in the past. [a boy and his parents. Wendy glides by on her skateboard] This is a new place, ready for the next decade. [Sharon and Linda walk out with groceries] Updated, revitalized, [Kenny opens his front door and looks out. SoDoSoPa is abandoned, its signs falling down] and ready to fit in with the most progressive towns in America. [PC Principal lowers his Oakleys a bit and nods at the camera] This... is South Park. [a shot of the Mayor and Randy, with a few families, facing the camera at Whole Foods. Cartman and Kyle are in the background] Welcome Home."
The City Part of Town,Cartman,Are the Mexicans actually staying?
The City Part of Town,Kyle,Shhhh.
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Morning in CtPaTown, renamed Shi Tpa Town. A bright sun rises over City Foods. People mill around all over the area. The Stotches walk past Skeeter's Wine Bar while the Tuckers, without Craig, walk towards Whole Foods. In the parking area in front of the store two old friends greet each other"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,Mornin' Randy!
You're Not Yelping,Randy,"Mornin' Ger! Just another day in paradise, huh?"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,Yeah. Look at all the new restaurants the Whole Foods has brought in. [turns around and points at the restaurant behind them.] Let's try out that one there. [they walk towards it and reach the entrance. A greeter awaits them]
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,(vernacular)
You're Not Yelping,Randy,Hi. Two of us. please?
You're Not Yelping,Greeter,"Yeah, sorry guys. we got about a thirty minute wait."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"[switches places with Randy] Oh, uh, scuse me. [whispers into the greeter's ear]"
You're Not Yelping,Greeter,"Yes, sir, give me a second; I'll have a table right away. [rolls his eyes and walks off]"
You're Not Yelping,Randy,"Whoa, what'd you say to him?"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,I just... told him who I am.
You're Not Yelping,Randy,Who are you?
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,[whips out his phone and shows Randy the Yelp app] I'm a yelp reviewer. I usually keep it on the down-low so they don't kiss my ass too much.
You're Not Yelping,Greeter,"[returns and gets two menus] Right over here, sir. [takes them to their seats]"
You're Not Yelping,Waiter,"Alright guys, welcome to (vernacular)"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Thanks, uh, did they mention to you that I am a Yelper?"
You're Not Yelping,Waiter,"Yes, we've been alerted. Sir."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Greeeat. Could you have them turn up the lights a little, please? [the waiter goes away]"
You're Not Yelping,Randy,"Oh, look at it, Gerald. All the new families moving in. [a new Mexican restaurant - Nueva Familia - is having its grand opening across the street] Our little town is all grown up. [Nueva Familia, across the street. A family-run restaurant. A boy sweeps up in the kitchen as his mother prepares some tacos on the griddle. His father rushes in.]"
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,Where's that other taco plate? We need it now.
You're Not Yelping,Mrs. Rodriguez,I'm a little overwhelmed.
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"I know. But we've put everything into moving here and starting this business, and we have to be impressive. [walks up to the boy and gets down on one knee] David, you must help your mama however you can. We're not going back to that miserable place!"
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,I don't wanna go back either.
You're Not Yelping,Mrs. Rodriguez,"Okay, done."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,Great! [rises and goes for the plates] We really have to impress this customer. He's a local food critic. [rushes the plates out to the dining area]
You're Not Yelping,Mrs. Rodriguez,Another one?
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"The dining area. Cartman is eating away. Before him are three plates. One has two burritos, the second has two tacos and some chips and guacamole, the third has two enchiladas which he hasn't touched yet. Ambient Mexican music plays"
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"[rushes to his table with two plates of food] Okay, here you go, amigo! Another taco plate and the taquitos."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh, thank you. And, uh did I mention I am a food critic for Yelp?"
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"Yes, you mentioned that several times."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Okay, I just didn't want you caught off-guard. [whips out his phone] I was thinking of giving this place 5 stars."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,Really?
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"[wiping his mouth clean with his napkin] Yeah, but I'm kind of teetering on 5 stars or 1 star."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"Ohnono. No 1 star, please. What could we do to-?"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Ah I mean, I could probably be persuaded with some free desserts."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,Let me get that for you.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Great, and can you turn down the music a bit? [taps his left ear a few times] This pagan shit hurts my ears."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"Of course! [turns around and hurries away. A spritz is heard, and the camera shows David wiping down a table. Cartman notices]"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh hey, hey busboy. Busboy busboy, por favor. [snaps his fingers and whistles] Busboy!"
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,My name is David. (Dah-veed)
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,Ehexcuse me?
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,I said my name is David. (Dah-veed)
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Uhh, it's actually pronounced ""David,"" okay?"
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,"Well, I'm ""David."" (Dah-veed)"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"It's ""David,"" dude. Look it up."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"[comes out with a flan and a sundae on a plate] What's going on? Do not argue, son. We need him. [walks to Cartman's table and sets the desserts down] Here you are, a few free desserts. [the front door opens and some bells are heard] Ho, excuse me. More customers! [goes away]"
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"[enters with his wife] Hi, two of us for lunch, please."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"Yes, right away!"
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"Oh, and uh, I just wanted to mention that my wife and I are Yelp reviewers, so uh, your best table, please."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"Oh Jeez, you guys too, huh? Ho-kay, uhm, I'll get you set up right over here, okay? [takes them past Cartman, who casts a critical eye]"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,Mmmhmmm! [The father takes them to a booth near Cartman]
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"Hm, this place seems, nice."
You're Not Yelping,Female food critic,I guess we'll see.
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"D'I guess we'll see, won't we?"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh God, now everyone thinks they're a food critic."
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, hallway, day. Cartman puts his books in his locker and walks away when Butters catches him"
You're Not Yelping,Butters,Did you get 'em? Did you get 'em? Did you get 'em? Huh?
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"[wearing a T-shirt that says ""WARNING: YELP critic"" on the front] Here you go. [takes a bag out of his back pocket and hands it to Butters]"
You're Not Yelping,Butters,Whoooaaa. [opens the bag and begins eating what's inside.]
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,Crispy risotto bites from Olive Garden.
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"How do you do it, Eric?"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"I'm a restaurant critic, Butters. I get whatever I want."
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"Jeeeeezzz. [a second later, Kyle walks by with David]"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,"So the cafeteria's back that way, and most of the classrooms are this way, down the-."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,EEWW. [Kyle and David face him] What's the busboy doing here?
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,Davíd is new to our school.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh, cool. Are you gonna clean the tables here too? How do you get to school? [mimics a boy on a bicycle] Do you ride your tiny bicicleta? Huh?"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,Shut up.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Look amigo, I'm sorry I only gave your parents' restaurant 2 stars, but it could have been worse."
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,Why'd you only give them 2 stars?
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"I'm sorry, but the food totally messed my stomach up. The morning after I ate it I went to the bathroom and my poop was all solid. Like no water at all."
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,It's not supposed to have water you-!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"It was like this one solid piece that I had to... push out my asshole. It was like being raped from the inside. Your parents' restaurant just wasn't up to my standards, David."
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,David. (Dah-veed)
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,David.
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,Dah-víd.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,David.
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,Dah-víííd.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"David David David David! I can update this to a 1-star review in two seconds, dude. [David turns around and walks away. Kyle turns around, looks at Cartman, and follows David away. A few second later Cartman relaxes] ...Oohhhh God I love being a restaurant critic."
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day, Gerald's den. Gerald is typing away at his computer. To help him focus on his work, he plays some opera music and smokes a pipe"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald's review,"And yet, there was more. For in this crisp time when autumn begins to fade, the chef brings chicken in habanero, and even adds habanero powder to the crust. But the heat is restrained. You experience the fruity, delicious flavor of this without any spicy pain. I don't need any more pain. Hell, does anyone?"
You're Not Yelping,Sheila,[appears at the den doorway with Ike] Gerald! We're going to the park. You wanna come along?
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Sorry honey, this review for Applebee's has turned into a fifty-pager. And then I have a polish on Ruby Tuesday's."
You're Not Yelping,Sheila,"Why don't you take a break from Yelping, Gerald? You seem a little overwhelmed."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"[leans back on his chair] I am, overwhelmed. Sometimes I don't know what I've gotten myself into. But now everyone relies on my Yelp reviews and I... I don't wanna let anyone down."
You're Not Yelping,Sheila,Well there's chicken in the fridge if you get hungry.
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Thanks, but I, I've gotta Yelp a new place in CtPaTown tonight. [leans forward a bit] God I'm so damned tired."
You're Not Yelping,Sheila,Okay. Have fun.
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"[to himself]Ha, ""fun,"" she says."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald's review,"In finality, I will say that my experience at Applebee's was sublime and my treatment near that of a gladiator most decorated. But the street parking wasn't that great. Two and a half stars."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,[satisfied with his review Gerald leans back in his chair again commenting to himself] Yes.
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. Wendy walks by with a new classmate. Cartman is on his phone while the boys around him go about eating their lunches"
You're Not Yelping,Wendy,"Come on, Liza, I'll introduce you to the girls."
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"Well aren't you eatin' lunch, Eric?"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Uhuh, I'm a food critic, Butters, okay? I can't just eat cafeteria food."
You're Not Yelping,Tuong Lu Kim,"O-okay, Here you are sir! There's orange-peel chicken, some uh shity beef, and uh shitty egg roll!"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,Are you joking?!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Well, you are a little late, like, I dunno, maybe only [emphasis] 1 star late."
You're Not Yelping,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh no! No 1 star, prease! You Uelpers are kriwing me! Okay, you no pay! You no pay, prease!"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,Sounds good. Now get the fuck out of here.
You're Not Yelping,Tuong Lu Kim,Yes yes. I get the fuck out. Thank you! [hurries away]
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"Wow! Well you're pretty important, Eric."
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,He's not important. At. All.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Yes, no no, you you're right, Kyle. I'm not important. Oh, hey David, I was just wondering, um, how do you get to school? Do you... ride your tiny bicicleta? Eh?"
You're Not Yelping,Stan,Stop it.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"What? I just want to hear him say ""Sí, me ride me tiny bicicleta to schooool."""
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,"Sí, me ride me teeny bicicleta to school."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"[laughs] That's awesome! [turns around on the bench] I'm gonna go out to recess. Will you bus this for me, David. Thanks. [leaves the table. David leaves his seat]"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,"Ah, [facepalm] don't, dude, dude- Don't."
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,Park County Police Station. Sgt. Yates is at his computer
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,"Sir, it's midnight. Go home, get some sleep."
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,There's no time to sleep when the city's counting on me.
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,"More Yelp reviews, sir?"
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,"I had a bad experience at Red Lobster and if the people don't know about it, they could too. Folks deserve to know where to eat, Mitch."
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,But does anyone even thank you for it?
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,"I don't need them to. I know they need me, and that's enough."
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,"[pats him on the left shoulder] God bless you, sir."
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,I know. [Barkley walks away]
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Whistlin' Willy's Pizza Gulch, established in 1986. A table shows the food critic couple who were in Nueva Familia earlier on, now with their son"
You're Not Yelping,Whistlin' Willy,Welcome to Whistlin' Willy's. Y'all enjoyin' your pizza?
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"Look here, my good man, we've been waiting over 15 minutes for you to sing Happy Birthday to our son!"
You're Not Yelping,Female food critic,"Unfortunately for you, we are both restaurant critics, and so is our son!"
You're Not Yelping,Son,[gets an angry face] 1 star!
You're Not Yelping,Diner 1,"Excuse me! Emergency! [Whistlin' Willy rushes over to see what's up] Over here! Emergency! I would like a table. Inside the area with all the little plastic balls please, and make it snappy I am a food critic for Yelp."
You're Not Yelping,Whistlin' Willy,That does it! I've had enough! All you Yelp reviewers get the hell outta here! I don't care what happens to my business! I ain't kissing your asses no more! [moves the male food critic from the table to the double doors on his chair and throws him against the doors] Go on! Every Yelper get the fuck out of here!
You're Not Yelping,Diner 2,"Careful now, Bill, you don't want a one-star review."
You're Not Yelping,Whistlin' Willy,"You're not a food critic, Dennis! You're a fuckin' mechanic! Now get the fuck out! Go on! All you Yelpin' sons of bitches get the fuck out of here! [Yelpers begin to stream out of the restaurant]"
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"You're gonna regret this, Whistlin' Willy. You can't treat Yelpers this way."
You're Not Yelping,Whistlin' Willy,You get the f- Get the fuck out! [kicks the male food critic in the ass for emphasis as the critic goes out the door.]
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,AH! [Whistlin' Willy slams the door shut. Gerald shows up a few seconds later]
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Well, good for you."
You're Not Yelping,Whistlin' Willy,"You too, you sonofabitch!"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Whoa! Hey! [Whistlin' Willy kicks him out too, and Gerald rubs his butt outside]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,Shi Tpa Town. Tuong Lu Kim is running around excited about something while David's father sweeps up at Nueva Familia.
You're Not Yelping,Tuong Lu Kim,"It's oba! It's oba! [screams some more and approaches Nueva Familia.] You see papaa?! It's oba! [David's father steps outside and Mr. Kim stops him] Whistrin' Wirry! He stand up to the Yelpas! [David's father scans the front page] We don't have to kiss uh their asses anymore! Look! [David's mother comes out to join his father] Everyone is doing the same! [signs go up saying ""No Yelpers""] Ha haha. It's ova it's ova! Hey Skeetah, you hear the news?! [He runs off continuing his celebration]"
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,[softly] It's a ...miracle. [jubilantly] IT'S A MIRACLE! [he and his wife hug]
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman walks down the hallway humming to himself"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Hm hm hm the fuck? [notices a small puddle on the floor] Aw, dude, somebody spilled shit on the floor! [notices David at his locker] Hey David, somebody spilled something here. Could you clean this up, por favor? David. [whistles] Over here, there's some shit on the floor. [David closes his locker and turns away] Heyheyhey hey! What's goin' on, man?"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,[arriving] You haven't heard? Nobody gives a fuck what Yelp reviewers think anymore.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"What are you talking about? I'm the most influential critic in this town. Okay David, forget the spill, just give me one little ""My name is David. Me ride me biciceta to schoool"""
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,My name... is David. (Dah-veed)[walks off]
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,HA! [walks off as well; confidently]
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"[whips out his phone] Okay, I'm uh I'm updating my review. I'm about to do it. [waits for a comeback but doesn't get one] You'd better say ""I ride me bicicleta to school""! [holds up his phone] One star! ... No s-no stars? [no reply. He sighs and tries again] No stars? ... You can't just treat me like I'm nothing... I still know I'm worth something! Come on, guys! [walks away. No one follows him. Seconds later he's back.] Oh yeah, y-you guys stay in school, that's kewl, you guys stay here. [leaves again]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Shi Tpa Town, day. Cartman walks alone by City Wok. He notices a sign there - NO YELPERS. He then walks to Nueva Familia and knocks on the door. David is moving chairs around and stops. Cartman mimics someone riding a bike, and David sticks his middle finger up at him, then turns and walks away. Cartman sighs, turns around, and walks away. He walks right into Butters' house, through the living room, and up into Butters' room. Butters is at his desk drawing a purple car. Cartman sighs"
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"[noticing] Oh, hey Eric."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"[hops onto Butters' bed and lays down] It's all over, Butters. Everything I've worked so hard to achieve. All these hack wannabe food critics have made my profession a joke."
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"Oh I'm sorry, bud."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,All these people trying to be like me. And they don't even write about poop consistency the next day.
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"Well Eric, you should be proud that people wanna be like you. Ha ah, I mean, you really started something."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,I guess.
You're Not Yelping,Butters,"Well if these people look up to you, maybe, maybe you can sort of, set the record straight and show them the way it's supposed to be done."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"[sits up] You're right, Butters. Maybe I can actually use all these people somehow to make... real food critics respected again."
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,Sgt. Yates' house. Yates serves himself some whisky on the rocks while doing more reviews. His wife Maggie walks up to him.
You're Not Yelping,Maggie,"Harrison Yates, what's gotten into you?"
You're Not Yelping,Yates,"That's it, Maggie. I'm hanging it up. If people are gonna be trying all the new restaurants in town they'll... have to do it without my reviews."
You're Not Yelping,Maggie,What are ya talkin' about? You said that protectin' people from bad dinin' experiences was what kept you goin'.
You're Not Yelping,Yates,"The restaurants put up signs sayin' I can't come in. I don't know why they singled me out, but it's like, people don't need me. [opens a letter and reads it] Well I'll be damned."
You're Not Yelping,Maggie,What is it?
You're Not Yelping,Yates,Somebody's put a note in the mailbox... asking me to come and talk to them. They do need me. [rises and goes to the coat rack] I need to get goin'.
You're Not Yelping,Maggie,You want me to come along?
You're Not Yelping,Yates,"No, they're just asking for me. I guess... [opens the front door] maybe I do have a town to protect. [smiles and leaves]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, Sunday. Cartman is getting refreshments ready for his guests in the living room. Liane walks up to him"
You're Not Yelping,Liane,"Oh, are you having a party sweetheart?"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Not a part, Mom. I've invited all the poser food critics over for a meeting."
You're Not Yelping,Liane,"Oh, how fun!"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"It's not fun, it's serious. These people think they can do what I do, but they need to be, made to understand the reality. When the Yelpers get here I need you to get lost, okay? Okay, that's them, that's them. Go, get lost, Mom! [she goes away as he walks to the front door. He opens the door and sees a sea of reviewers]"
You're Not Yelping,Yelpers,"Hello, hi. My name is [they all give their names at the same time] and I'm here for the meeting. [Cartman freezes up]"
You're Not Yelping,A reviewer,Is this the right place?
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,Fuuuuuuck! [closes the door and keeps it closed with his back] Mom!
You're Not Yelping,Liane,"I'm going, honey."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"But Mom, there's like a billion people here."
You're Not Yelping,Liane,"Oh yes, sweetie, I think quite a few people are Yelp reviewers."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh, this many people have nothing better to do than write reviews on Yelp?!"
You're Not Yelping,Liane,"I guess so, honey. Do you need more lemonade?"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Mom, there's a fucking billion people here! [yes, Yelpers all up and down the block, filling the streets all around. Moments later, he appears at his bedroom window on the second floor, and holds court] Uh, thank you all for coming. My name is Eric, and as you know, us Yelpers are being scrutinized-"
You're Not Yelping,A Yelper,COULD YOU SPEAK A LITTLE LOUDER?
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,Yes. Us Yelp critics are being scrutinized.
You're Not Yelping,Other Yelpers,That's right! Yeah!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Now, you see, the problem is that when there's too many reviewers, people no longer know who is the real food critic. [Sgt. Yates puffs up his chest, pretty sure that it's him] It's great that you all want to be critics, but we all know who the real food analyst of the town is."
You're Not Yelping,Other Yelpers,That's right. Yeah!
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,[confidently humble] Huh. Oh thanks.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Okay. So, as long as there is one clear leader, then the rest of you can just follow. And with this many people all following [holds up index finger] one captain, we can fight to get our power back!"
You're Not Yelping,A Yelper,Poweerrrrr Back!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"So now rise up, and [pounds on the window sill] fight for your leader!! Fight together and show the restaurants that our food critic does matter!"
You're Not Yelping,Other Yelpers,Yeah! Let's go! [more cheering from the Yelpers]
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,"Alright, follow me!"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"This way, everyone! [the crowd turns left and moves off]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Whistlin' Willy's Pizza Gulch, day. A mother and son leave, but are still nearby when the crowd of Yelpers arrives and begins destroying the gulch. They then leave quickly. After a barrel is thrown through a window, Willy looks up to see what's going on"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,News 4 segment
You're Not Yelping,Anchor Tom,"Another local business is closing its doors tonight after being taken down by Yelp reviewers. Whistlin' Willy's, a child favorite in town, was destroyed and its owner stripped and beheaded. The following video is graphic. [a crowd of Yelp reviewers is shown and they are ululating. Two Yelpers bring Whistlin' Willy in front of the camera and hold him there. The crowd continues to ululate]"
You're Not Yelping,Whistlin' Willy,"No, please! No! Nonono! [the Yelpers pull the mask off his head and show it off to the camera] Awwww. [the ululating continues]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. ""Bad to the Bone"" plays as the school bell rings. Cartman walks down the hallway as a Big Critic on Campus, while in voice over he is singing the words. The other kids either hold their hands up or hold themselves a little tighter as Cartman walks to the tune of ""Bad To The Bone."" He's met by a group of boys led by Kyle."
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,We all... loved... Whistlin' Willy's!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,[just shrugs] It didn't do well with Yelpers.
You're Not Yelping,Token,You assholes destroyed the best place in town because they wouldn't kiss your asses!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh come on, admit it. The food sucked."
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,Nobody went for the fucking food!
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Look, I'm sorry goys, but Whistlin' Willy failed to recognize the influence someone like me has on their business. Now, I just have one question for you, David. Do you ride... your teeny, tiny, bicicleta... to school?"
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,"Si. Me ride me teeny bicicleta to school. [turns around and walks away. Kyle flashes an angry look at Cartman, then watches Davíd leave]"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,[gets in Cartman's face] You're done! [turns around and walks away with the remaining boys]
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Yeah, I'm done! I'm now the leader of thousands of people! They all hang on my every word! [softly] And I'm gonna use my power to finally get what this town really needs."
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day, Gerald's den. Gerald is typing away at his computer, with music and pipe, as before."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald's review,"I found the wait staff at Red Lobster to be rude, and barely even acknowledging who I was. Or what I meant to this city."
You're Not Yelping,Sheila,"[appears at the doorway with Ike] Gerald, I'm taking Ike to clown school. You care to joing us?"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"I can't, honey. I'm now the leader of thousands of people. They all hang on my every word. And I'm going to use my power to finally get what this town really needs. [Sheila and Ike just walk away]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Shi Tpa Town. The peace and quiet of the morning is disrupted by semiautomatic gunfire. Yelpers run into the area, and a bomb goes off behind Dee's Meats. Another News 4 segment"
You're Not Yelping,Reporter,"For the fifth day in a row, historic Shi Tpa Town is under siege by Yelp reviewers. The restaurants are still refusing to be intimidated. and the Yelp reviewers are- [quickly ducks as the gunfire hits very close to him] -and the Yelp reviewers are preparing for all-out war. [real war footage is shown] The angry Yelp reviewers are demanding special treatment at all city restaurants. They claim that as local food critics they deserve respect and that all who oppose them will suffer. The online restaurant critics are getting ready to bring businesses to their knees, and some are already closing their doors. [Nueva Familia is shown...]"
You're Not Yelping,Reporter,One local restaurant worker actually called out the Yelp critics' leader.
You're Not Yelping,David,"I guess you win, huh, big shot?! If you really are any kind of important to anybody, then get your bullshit food critic ass to the south of town and face me! Because you aren't a food critic, and you aren't important! [Sgt. Yates looks at the screen in the police station] And unless you're a chicken, I'll see you south of town! [Yates walks into his office and gets his coat]"
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,"Where are you going, sir?"
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,"You heard him. Little Mexican kid called me out. [shows his gun, then places it back in its holster] If he wants to fight me, that's fine."
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,You need backup sir?
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,"No, he's just calling me out. [turns and walks out]"
You're Not Yelping,Barkley,God bless you sir.
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,I know!
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"The south of town, a big meadow or park on the outskirts of town. David marches towards the meeting point. Kyle runs up to catch him"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,"David! Dude, wait! [Kyle is next to him now] Dude, you don't wanna do this. You don't know what Cartman's capable of."
You're Not Yelping,David,"Where I come from, we settle things with our fists!"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,But this isn't Mexico.
You're Not Yelping,David,"I'm not from Mexico, dude! I'm from Idaho! [Kyle glances away, embarrassed] I'm gonna show this prick how we do things in Boise!"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Oh, hello David! [Cartman is flanked by hundreds of Helpers]"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,"Alright, you've got your army! You've got your followers! If you're such a great leader, then just tell the city what you want, fat-ass!"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Don't call me fat, son! I'm doing this because they've-"
You're Not Yelping,Sgt. Yates,What I want is to be able to lead these fine people with the respect and the dignity-
You're Not Yelping,Yelper 1,"I didn't ask to be the leader, I was appointed! You see, I'm extremely important to this town, and I'm not going to be-"
You're Not Yelping,Yelper 2,"My journey is this town's food- [soon everyone is talking over each other, and David and Kyle just look at each other.]"
You're Not Yelping,Yelper 3,"You've made these people feel unwanted, and now they look to me for answers."
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Now here I stand, vulnerable, afraid, and yet willing to do what the people of this-"
You're Not Yelping,Male food critic,"And so we said ""to hell with it!"" And we took the challenge to go from the town's food critics to the town's spiritual leaders! What do we want?"
You're Not Yelping,Yelper 4,"[another woman] People would say ""Oh, you're just a food blogger. You're just a tiny voice in the crowd. Well now my voice is heard, and I will-"" [her voice melts into the other voices]"
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"...wanted special privileges, but these people think I should have them! Right, guys? Maybe I don't deserve special treatment, but how else can I be the elite food critic they want? [more chatter]"
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,[after a few moments] Every person here thinks this is about them.
You're Not Yelping,David,I think I know what to do.
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,Yeah. Me too.
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"They Mayor's office, day. Mayor McDaniels sits at her desk, with several townsfolk standing behind her. Kyle stands to the right of the desk in a suit. Fanfare plays"
You're Not Yelping,Mayor McDaniels,"And for all your service to this community, we want to once and for all declare you our most elite food critic. To distinguish you, we present to you... the Golden Badge. [an aide pins the badge on Gerald's coat] Wearing this badge means you will always get the special treatment that you deserve. [Johnson rings a bell and Fr. Maxi hums a short chant]"
You're Not Yelping,Gerald,"Thank you, Mayor. It's a big responsibility, but I suppose I have to accept. I will do my best to serve this town."
You're Not Yelping,Mayor McDaniels,We know you will. [shows him the exit. He turns right and walks out. Another aide closes the exit door]
You're Not Yelping,Kyle,"Okay, bring in the next one."
You're Not Yelping,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Davis, you have proven yourself a leader. And for all your service to this community, we want to once and for all declare you our most elite food critic. To distinguish you, we present the Golden Badge. [an aide pins the badge on Mr. Davis's coat]"
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Davis,[softly] Wwooww.
You're Not Yelping,Mayor McDaniels,Wearing this badge means you will always get the special treatment you deserve. [Johnson rings the bell and Fr. Maxi hums the short chant]
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Nueva Familia, day. The signs that showed the restaurant was shutting down are gone; the Grand Opening sign remains"
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,"Alright, we got all the restaurants to agree to let the Yelpers in and make them feel special."
You're Not Yelping,Mr. Rodriguez,"How did you do it, son?"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"(vernacular), dinnertime. An elite food critic is about to order."
You're Not Yelping,Diner 3,"Hi, yes, the steak, please. [points to his golden badge] I'm the uh Yelp elite. [the waiter takes his order to the kitchen and...]"
You're Not Yelping,Waiter,"Alright, we got a Yelper. Give it that special attention."
You're Not Yelping,Chef,"Youuu got it! [puts his finger into his nose and pulls out some boogers, and smears them on the steak.]"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,"Montage. What follows is a series of scenes showing cooks and waiters doing nasty things to Yelpers' dishes, including more boogers on them, masturbating to them, peeing on them, farting on them, etc... Some examples; Mr. Kim masturbating onto a plate of broccoli chicken, then serving it to the food critic couple, and grinning to himself; a Steed chef masturbates onto a plate of thin steaks and gives it to a waiter, who serves it to Sgt. Yates; Gerald finishes a review, then eats crab legs at a fine restaurant. Back at (vernacular), a waiter farts on a salad and gives it to the female food critic. Later, the couple critiques the restaurant's décor to the greeter. Whistlin' Willy serves up three pizzas to three different elite Yelpers. Sgt. Yates is back at the office writing another review."
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,"So you're one of Yelpers' special blessed. You demand a restaurant's very best. Well they're gonna treat you special, I'm tellin' you, chum. Now get yourself ready for some boogers and cum!"
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,That's called the Yelper Special!
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,"Say, what's that on your pretzel?"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,together
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Your online critiques are real useful to some.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Now have a good time eatin' boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Someone farted on your salad.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,But your décor critiques are valid.
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,together
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,"You think you're special, like you're A #1!"
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Well there's a whole lot of special in
You're Not Yelping,All Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,How 'bout some feces with your flounder?
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,You like that queefy quarter pounder?
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,together
You're Not Yelping,Diner 4,What's that spice that feels tangy on my tongue?
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo
You're Not Yelping,Waiter 2,Oh that's a yuzu pepper [to himself] along with some boogers and cum
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,At the school cafeteria
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,"Here you are, sir."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Why thank you, David. That's good service."
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,"I will bring you food every day, my friend."
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Mmmm, is that a jalapeño cream sauce?"
You're Not Yelping,Davíd,Yes. My father made it just for youuu.
You're Not Yelping,Cartman,"Hmmm. It's tart, but savory."
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,Back to random shots
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Bein' a food critic's easy!
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,"Oh, you feel a little queasy?"
You're Not Yelping,Scene Description,together
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Do you need a diagnosis? Well doctor's got one.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo
You're Not Yelping,Dr. Doctor,Your stomach seems to be filled with boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,Piss in your potatoes.
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum.
You're Not Yelping,Lead Singer,"Some guy shit on your tomatoes. Alright, fancy food critic, looks like you've won. Now please enjoy all the boohoohoogers. Boohoohoohoohoohoogers. Aaannnddd. Cuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmm!"
You're Not Yelping,Backup Singers,Boogers and cum!
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Cartman sits in PC Prinicpal's office hyperventilating, teary-eyed. PC Principal and Mr. Mackey both look at him."
Safe Space,PC Principal,So these guys made fun of your weight and made you feel ashamed?
Safe Space,Cartman,"[voice shaking terribly] Yes, I was just trying to do my job as a food critic and they all ganged up on me and said I was fat."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Alright, why don't you take me back to what happened?"
Safe Space,Cartman,"I was in the locker room. I was in my underwear and these kids walked by [Craig and Clyde appear around the corner] Then I looked in the mirror and I thought I looked kind of ripped, and so I asked one of the kids [Clyde] if he would take a picture of me [holding two dumbbells, one in each hand] and he did. And I looked at the picture and I looked pretty ripped, so later at home, I put the picture up on my Yelp account and I typed in ""Don't I look ripped?"" and I thought people would be stoked on me. Then this morning I saw the comments on Twitter and some people called me names and said I wasn't ripped, and they said that I was fat and I didn't have muscles. The Internet made fun of me and [is overcome with emotion and hyperventilates. PC Principal sniffs and clears his throat.]"
Safe Space,Mr. Mackey,"Well, Eric, maybe you shouldn't have put a picture of you in your underwear up on social media."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"[jumps up and faces Mr. Mackey] Hey! You got a fuckin' problem, Mackey!"
Safe Space,Mr. Mackey,"N-No, PC Principal."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Because body-shaming is fuckin' serious, and I'm not gonna allow that shit in my school! [faces Cartman] Nobody should have to feel that kind of shame!"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Whole Foods Market, day. Liane walks out with her groceries, Randy walks around inside marveling at all the stuff. Next, he's in Checkout 5 having his purchases scanned."
Safe Space,Cashier,"Okay. sir, looks like your total is $37.83."
Safe Space,Randy,[pulls out his wallet and takes out $40] Alright.
Safe Space,Cashier,"[checks the monitor] Okay, and, would you like to add a dollar donation to help hungry kids around the world?"
Safe Space,Randy,"[real quiet] Oh, uh, no, that, that's okay."
Safe Space,Cashier,Sorry?
Safe Space,Randy,"[real quiet] I'm, I'm good."
Safe Space,Cashier,"[having trouble hearing him clearly] I'm sorry, you don't want to give the dollar to hungry kids?"
Safe Space,Randy,"[real quiet] Not today, thank you."
Safe Space,Cashier,"Okay, no problem. [punches in the last few numbers into the register.] A window's gonna come up and ask if you're helping the hungry kids, just hit ""No, I'm not."""
Safe Space,Randy,"[real quiet] Oh, come on."
Safe Space,Cashier,"Try hitting it again. It's the box below the one that says, ""Sure, I'd love to help however I can."" [Randy hits the button again... and again a few more times, but it only beeps twice. The cashier looks at it.] Ah, darn thing. Sorry. Most people give the dollar. I can do this manually. [turns to the register and taps a few keys]"
Safe Space,Randy,"Look, I give money to charity a lot, okay?"
Safe Space,Cashier,"Oh, sure you do."
Safe Space,Randy,I do. I just don't want to every time I shop for food.
Safe Space,Cashier,"That's completely understandable. [reads something] ""Have customer speak on the-"" Oh-okay. if you can just speak into the voice decoder and say ""I'm not giving anything to the hungry kids."""
Safe Space,Randy,"[leans in and speaks into the ""decoder""] I'm not giving anything to the hungry kids. [his voice echoes throughout the store, and everyone takes notice]"
Safe Space,Cashier,"Okay, that's got it. So with the ice cream, the vodka, pizza pockets, and nothing for hungry kids, that's $37.83. [getting a bit sarcastic] Oh, don't forget your change."
Safe Space,Randy,"Look, if I give money every time I went grocery-shopping, I would be-!"
Safe Space,Cashier,"[cuts him off] Thanks for shopping, sir. Next, please."
Safe Space,Randy,[takes his paper bag full of groceries and leaves] Dick!
Safe Space,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, moments. PC Principal opens the door and Kyle walks in."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Morning, Kyle. Have a seat right there. [Kyle takes the seat next to Cartman and is instantly displeased] You probably heard that Eric here has been dealing with some body shaming? [Cartman is still whimpering]"
Safe Space,Kyle,Uh huh.
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Well, Eric and I have been talking, and we've decided it's probably best for him to get off of social media."
Safe Space,Kyle,Yeah probably.
Safe Space,PC Principal,So what we're looking for is a student volunteer. Somebody who can put the things Eric wants up on the Internet for him and also filter through all the comments and make it more of a safe space for him.
Safe Space,Kyle,"Wait, what?"
Safe Space,Cartman,I said you were perfect because you're really good at getting all your schoolwork done on time [gathers his thoughts] so you'd probably do a really good job.
Safe Space,Kyle,You want me to run Cartman's Twitter and Yelp account and only give him the good comments?
Safe Space,PC Principal,That's right.
Safe Space,Kyle,No.
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Kyle, you know what body-shaming is, right? How much it can hurt someone's life? All you have to do is check out all the comments, type out just the positive ones, and give that to Eric on paper."
Safe Space,Kyle,"If he doesn't like what people say on Twitter, he can get off. [Cartman begins to cry]"
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Okay, Kyle, well maybe you'd like two weeks' detention instead."
Safe Space,Kyle,"[a bit stunned, considers his options] Give me... give me detention."
Safe Space,PC Principal,You sure about that?
Safe Space,Kyle,"Yeah, I'll take the detention."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"That's two weeks' detention for you, bud! I'll see you at 4! [Kyle looks at Eric, gets up, and leaves. Next, PC Principal is talking to another student] And when we said someone should probably help Eric by filtering out any negative comments, he mentioned you by name."
Safe Space,Wendy,Is this a joke?
Safe Space,Cartman,I'm not a joke!
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Nothing funny about this, Testaburger! This is a big problem in our country!"
Safe Space,Wendy,I'm not doing it.
Safe Space,PC Principal,"And that's two weeks' detention for you! Congratulations! [Wendy looks at Eric, gets up, and leaves. Next, PC Principal is talking to another student] So, any comments that seem inappropriate or hurtful in any way, you need to delete and not include in your daily report to Eric. [Butters is shown next to Cartman now]"
Safe Space,Cartman,I wanted someone smart and hard-working!
Safe Space,Butters,Do I gotta?
Safe Space,PC Principal,You want detention?
Safe Space,Butters,"Well, if I get detention, uh, I'll get grounded."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Then you start today! Butters, it's your job to make sure Eric has a safe space."
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Whole Foods Market, day. Randy is at a salad bar creating his own salad. A female shopper is making one too, and their tongs clash over greens"
Safe Space,Female shopper,"Oh, ahhh, I'm sorry."
Safe Space,Randy,"Oh no, my, my fault."
Safe Space,Female shopper,Isn't it great having a Whole Foods?
Safe Space,Randy,"This is where I come for lunch every day. Gotta eat healthy to stay fit. [pleased at this encounter. He turns to leave and sees the cashier from before, who waves back at him. To himself] Aw, shit, it's that guy. [as no one else is waiting, he goes ahead and makes his purchases]"
Safe Space,Cashier,"Aand how are you today, sir?"
Safe Space,Randy,"Great. [leans in and in a low voice] Uh, listen, before you ring me up, I just wanna let you know I'm not gonna be giving extra money to charity, so can we, can we just skip that part?"
Safe Space,Cashier,"Oh, no problem, sir, they've updated the system so it's a lot more streamlined now. Find everything you need today?"
Safe Space,Randy,"Yeah, thanks."
Safe Space,Cashier,"There we go, and that's... Okay, and would you like to give a dollar to hungry kids today?"
Safe Space,Randy,"[softly] No. I said no, before."
Safe Space,Cashier,"Oh that's right. Okay, there's a picture of a little hungry boy. Will you just press on his belly? [Randy does so, and hears ""Oww, owww."" The cashier checks the readout] Okay, that's got it. So, with the no help for hungry kids that's $18.87. [Randy hands him a $20 bill] Out of 20. [the cashier gives him some change back in the coin return tray] Your change is right there, just pull the sandwich out of the little girl's mouth. [a cardboard cutout of a little girl hides the coin return]"
Safe Space,Randy,This is not streamlined!
Safe Space,Cashier,"It's just the new change dispenser, sir. [Randy then goes ahead and tries to pull the sandwich away]"
Safe Space,Randy,[a couple of grunts later] I can't.
Safe Space,Cashier,"Yes, she's a hungry one. You've gotta pull hard."
Safe Space,Randy,Dammit! The sandwich isn't coming out.
Safe Space,Cashier,"Try putting your foot on her face. [Randy promptly does this. He also notices the woman he bumped into earlier in Checkout 4 and flashes a smile to her. Finally he pulls the sandwich out of the cutout's mouth and gets his change and his groceries] Have a nice day, sir!"
Safe Space,Randy,I was having a nice day! [leaves the store]
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway, day. Cartman puts his books into his locker and closes it. As he walks away, Butters appears around the corner and catches up to him."
Safe Space,Butters,"[sounding quite tired] Eric, hold up."
Safe Space,Cartman,There you are. You have my social media comments?
Safe Space,Butters,"Yeah. Yeah, right here. [hands him the papers] I just finished this morning."
Safe Space,Cartman,"[reviews them] Mm-hm. Hm-oh, that's nice. Oh great. This is all the Twitter comments?"
Safe Space,Butters,Yeah. And the people commenting on your Yelp page starts here. [points to the first comment on the current page]
Safe Space,Cartman,"Okay, nice. Oh ni- oh, very enthusiastic. This is so great! [turns around and walks by Kyle, who's at his locker.] Oh Kyle! You thought me having someone edit my social media would make me look stupid? You should see all the comments I'm getting. People are actually really stoked on me now."
Safe Space,Butters,It's a pretty brutal job sifting through all that darkness.
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary gym, later. The whole school is in attendance as PC Principal introduces someone."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Alright everyone, listen up. In order to better understand the negative effects of body-shaming, we have a- [points to someone on the bleachers] HEY, LESLIE! PUT A FUCKIN' SOCK IN IT! [Leslie was whispering to Esther again, and again she backs off slowly] We have a guest speaker today who will challenge our perceptions of physical beauty. [steps towards a screen upon which is a graphic that says ""NO MORE FAT SHAMING""] So please welcome action star and hero, Steven Seagal. [claps a few times, then puts the mic into a mic stand and steps aside as music plays. Real life pictures of a slimmer Seagal from his early films pop up as a slide show]"
Safe Space,Steven Seagal,"[voice-over] You've got a problem with me? I'm your worse nightmare. I have no fear of death, more important, I don't fear life. [gun shot sound effect. The slide show ends and an obese Seagal walks into the gym with a gun drawn. He gets to the mic and begins to whimper, and lowers the gun] I'm a big action movie star and people are pretty stoked on me. And then I put a picture of myself up on the Internet and I had my shirt off and I said ""Do you think I'm ripped?"" and some people commented saying I didn't look ripped, that I was fat, and they called me Steven Se-boom-boom, so I put another picture on the Internet and I thought people would be stoked on me, but they said that I looked like a fat turd, and they said I wasn't buff. [hyperventilates] Body-shaming isn't cool, and, if p-people shame you on the Inter n-net, you have to make sure that you stay, you stay strong and tell everyone you're proud of how you look, like this. [begins to shuffle dance and clap as ""Got To Be Real"" starts playing]"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"The school hallway, later. Steven is headed out and PC Principal catches up to him."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Hey, Seagal! Listen, that was a really amazing talk you gave to the kids."
Safe Space,Steven Seagal,[sniffs] Thank you.
Safe Space,PC Principal,"I can see that you're in a lot of pain, bro. I've got someone who I think can help."
Safe Space,Scene Description,PC Principal's office. An exhausted Butters is sitting next to a sobbing Seagal as PC Principal makes his case
Safe Space,PC Principal,So I want you to do for Mr. Seagal the same thing that you're doing for Eric Cartman.
Safe Space,Butters,"But, PC Principal, I really don't have time."
Safe Space,PC Principal,This man took the time to come to your school and help spread body-shaming awareness! I think you can give him a little of your time!
Safe Space,Butters,Yes sir...
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Whole Foods Market, later. Randy is back to buy more groceries. He's back at Checkout 5 with the same cashier as before"
Safe Space,Cashier,Find everything you needed today?
Safe Space,Randy,Yes.
Safe Space,Cashier,"Okay, looks like your total comes to $37.98. Would you like to give a dollar to help feed hungry kids?"
Safe Space,Randy,"Yes, I would like to give a dollar."
Safe Space,Cashier,[surprised] You want to give a dollar?
Safe Space,Randy,"Yes, I will."
Safe Space,Cashier,"[excited sounding] Oh wow, okay! So that's $10 for the beer, $4.20 in chocolate-covered peanuts, $26 in filet mignons, [sarcastically] and one dollar for hungry kids around the world. On ""amount of donation"" it will say $10, $20, or $50, can you just press the ""$1"" box? [Randy does so and bells, sirens, and colored lights go off. The cashier gets on the mic and says] Attention shoppers, somebody just joined the $1 club, giving one whole dollar to help feed hungry children. [quickly goes around the checkout] Here's your T-shirt! [quickly slips it on Randy and takes a picture, then prints the picture. The shirt says ""I Gave $1.00 to End Hunger."" The cashier pins the picture on the ""$1"" cork board, which was empty before] Ho, won't the kids be thrilled when they get their piece of that big impressive dollar. [walks back to his register and sings] For he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a holly good fellow, for he's a holly good fellow! He ended world hunger. [Randy takes his groceries and leaves, whimpering]"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Butter's house, afternoon, bedroom. Butters is toiling away at his computer."
Safe Space,Butters,Yech. Oh God that's terrible. Jesus.
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,"[sitting on Butters' bed] Yeah. No, I'm telling you, Tracy, it's the greatest thing ever. I'm getting all my Twitter and Instagram comments on paper, and the nasty mean stuff, all gets edited out."
Safe Space,Butters,Whoa my God. Wugh.
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,"Yeah. And the coolest thing? Ever since I started using this service, all of my followers are actually way more stoked on me. So cool, right?"
Safe Space,Cartman,Butters!
Safe Space,Butters,[startled] Yeah!
Safe Space,Cartman,"[at the bedroom door] What the hell is this? The last report you gave me has a comment that says ""This picture of you burned my eyes, fatso!"""
Safe Space,Butters,"Well, I'm sorry, Eric. I, I guess it slipped through the cracks. I'm overloaded with all the new people."
Safe Space,Cartman,What new people? [walks up to the computer]
Safe Space,Butters,"Well, I've got Demi Lovato [points to her] to take care of now, and Lena Dunham just put a picture of her asshole on Twitter, and wants only the positive comments."
Safe Space,Cartman,"Dude, fuck Demi Lovato! She's fuckin' hot, she's not being fat-shamed!"
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,[stands up] Am so! But I don't care. People just have to accept my body the way it is.
Safe Space,Cartman,"Butters, I want this fixed by tonight! You got that?!"
Safe Space,Butters,"Okay, Eric. [Cartman walks away]"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"A commercial. ""Amazing Grace"" plays with a female voice. A poor community is shown. Randy walks among the poor folk"
Safe Space,Randy,"This is a place where hope is scarce. These people are hungry. Little Jojo here might not eat today. But does that mean it's okay for cashiers to ask us for money while we're in the checkout line? It isn't right, and it isn't fair. Just $2 a day adds up to 62 goddamned dollars a month if you go to Whole Foods as much as I do. Nobody should have to feel the shame, the humiliation, of being asked to add money onto their grocery bill. Help now. Let's make grocery stores a #SAFESPACE for all. Together, we can make a difference."
Safe Space,Girl,Because charity-shaming hurts everyone. [Randy holds her a bit closer]
Safe Space,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. He and Mr. Mackey are talking to someone"
Safe Space,PC Principal,"You know, if there's one thing I really respect, it's plus-sized models who challenge the idea of what makes a woman beautiful. These ladies are gonna be part of a big ad campaign for plus-sized lingerie, and we wanna make sure they're protected from any harassing comments."
Safe Space,Butters,"[Butters is seated across from PC Principal with an entire row of plus-sized women in lingerie] Do I have to, sir?"
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Hey, they're gonna putting themselves out there, and all I'm asking you to do is go through their social media and delete the two or three comments that are mean."
Safe Space,Butters,"PC Principal, ah, I don't think you quite realize how much negative stuff I have to sift through."
Safe Space,PC Principal,"I know it's a lot, but I just really need you to help these plus-sized models. And Vin Diesel."
Safe Space,Butters,Vin Diesel too??
Safe Space,PC Principal,"Look bro! You've done an amazing job with Eric Cartman. You have really turned his life around, and other people deserve... to be as happy as he is."
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway. A piano begins to play a song, and Cartman sings first. Soon, an abstract space appears in which are tiny rooms - a safe space - one for each person singing"
Safe Space,Cartman,Everyone likes me and thinks I'm great in my safe spaaaace.
Safe Space,Seagal,My safe spaaaace.
Safe Space,Cartman,"[eating in a restaurant, Butters hands him more comments] People don't judge me and haters don't hate in my safe spaaaace. [An exhausted Butters is hard at work in his room]"
Safe Space,PC Principal,Your safe spaaaace.
Safe Space,Cartman and Seagal,"[standing in a floating tiny room] Bully-proof windows, troll-safe doors, nothing but kindness and healing."
Safe Space,Randy,"You might call me a pussy, but I won't hear you in my safe spaaaace."
Safe Space,Seagal,My safe spaaaace.
Safe Space,Cartman,Bully-proof windows.
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,"[standing under a spotlight] If you do not like me, you are not allowed in my safe spaaaace."
Safe Space,Plus-sized models,My safe spaaaace
Safe Space,PC Principal,"[inside the pricipal's office with Butters, he then hands Vin Disel more comments] Look and you will see there's a very select crowd in your safe spaaaace. [Steven Seagal is resting on a bed in his safe space]"
Safe Space,All,My safe spaaaace.
Safe Space,Cartman,People that support me.
Safe Space,All,Mixed in with
Safe Space,Cartman,More people that support me.
Safe Space,All,"And say nice things. Rainbows all around me, there is no shame in my safe spaaaace."
Safe Space,Randy,My safe spaaaace.
Safe Space,Cartman,Bully-proof windows. [a change in tempo as villianous music plays and a masked villain enters the video.]
Safe Space,Reality,"I am going to tear down your safe space! Brick by brick, I shall smash it with glee!"
Safe Space,Cartman,What? Who is that?
Safe Space,Reality,"You cannot stop me from getting inside! I am cold and I am hard, and my name... is Reality."
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,"Oh no, not reality! Somebody stop him!"
Safe Space,Cartman,"I'll take care of him, Demi! [shoots lightning from his hands, and the various people in their safe spaces are now dressed to dance!]"
Safe Space,All,"[faster rock music begins playing] You can't ruin our lives, Reality!"
Safe Space,Cartman,Our safe spaces will keep you out!
Safe Space,Reality,Drat!
Safe Space,All,We can face almost anything!
Safe Space,Cartman,But Reality we can do without!
Safe Space,Reality,"Nooooo... [vanishes, as the original piano music resumes]"
Safe Space,Cartman,Bully-proof windows.
Safe Space,All,Troll-safe doors. [slowing down] My Safe Spaaaaaaaace! [all stop]
Safe Space,Cartman,That was nice.
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Whole Foods Market, day. The cashier at Checkout 5 sends one shopper off"
Safe Space,Cashier,"All right, thanks, have a great day. [Randy steps up] Good afternoon sir."
Safe Space,Randy,"[self-assured] Oh, hello. You might know Steven Seagal [who steps up, with his gun aimed at the cashier]"
Safe Space,Steven Seagal,You wanna play with me?
Safe Space,Randy,And this is Vin Diesel.
Safe Space,Cashier,"Oh, hello gentlemen."
Safe Space,Randy,It'd be... a really bad idea for you to charity-shame me today. These guys are here to protect my safe space.
Safe Space,Cashier,"That's great. [hums to himself as he scans Randy's items] This little piggy went to market. This little piggy stayed home. This little piggy was in Fast And The Furious, [Vin Diesel begins to whimper and walks away] and this little piggy goes direct to cable.[Steven Seagal begins to whimper and walks away]  [jabs Randy in the belly] And this little piggy just bought fifty-three dollars in beer and frozen pizzas. Would you like to make a dollar donation to hungry kids today?"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"A second commercial. We're back in the poor community. ""Amazing Grace"" plays with a deep male voice, and Demi Lovato walks in"
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,"Look around you. What do you see? People who are slim. Skinny. But not everyone can have nice bodies like them. Just imagine it. Putting your pictures up on Twitter just to have some people write comments about your weight. It happens, all too often."
Safe Space,Randy,[taking over] But it doesn't stop there. People also can be shamed for other traits viewed as negative. Mike here was shamed for not being a good recycler.
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,"And so together, we have created #shamelessAmerica, [a screen pops up with ""let's work towards a #shamelessAmerica.""] so no one is ever labeled..."
Safe Space,Fat woman,Tubby.
Safe Space,Man with cap,Bad with tools.
Safe Space,Woman 2,Dyke!
Safe Space,Man 2,Butter butter dirty line cutter.
Safe Space,Randy,Let's work together to create a completely shameless America.
Safe Space,Boy,[emaciated] Because shaming hurts everyone. [Randy holds him a bit closer]
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Butters' room, night. He's editing out negative comments on Demi Lovato's social media pages before printing them"
Safe Space,Butters,"[reading through online messages] ""Hey Demi Lovato, I bet your vagina has a-"" [begins to gag] oh. Oh God. Oh, that's horrible [picks up a waste basket and vomits into it] Augh. [coughs] Jeez. Delete. Delete that too. [continues reading comments aloud] ""I'd like to stick my wiener into those fat rolls of-"" [villianous piano music begins to play] Oh God! [Reality sneaks into his room and paces behind Butter's chair] Uh, delete! ""You aren't fat, but my dick is-"" Whoa, God."
Safe Space,Reality,HaHAA!
Safe Space,Butters,GAAAHHH!
Safe Space,Reality,"So you're the one trying to destroy me, eh??"
Safe Space,Butters,"What? [falls out of his chair. Reality tries to grab him, but misses. Butters runs to a night stand]"
Safe Space,Reality,"You little shit! Keep me out, will you?"
Safe Space,Butters,"I don't know you, sir!"
Safe Space,Reality,"You can't stop me! [tries to grab Butters again, but breaks the lamp on the night stand] I'm going to kill you! [jumps up to fall on him. At that moment, the bedroom door opens]"
Safe Space,Stephen,Butters! What are you doing?!
Safe Space,Butters,"[panicked] Well-ll, the man! Uh, the man is gonna get me! [Butters points to where Reality was standing only for the shot to widen showing he is no longer there]"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Whole Foods Market, day. The cashier is ringing Randy up."
Safe Space,Cashier,And some chocolate-covered almonds. Vanderpump Sangria mix.
Safe Space,Randy,"Yeah, um, I'm a little tired because I'm actually hosting a huge fundraiser for my charity organization [shows off his shirt: ""#ShamelessAmerica""] that I'm sort of the head of."
Safe Space,Cashier,"That's great, sir. Ice cream sandwiches."
Safe Space,Randy,"Yeah, we're gonna raise a lot of money. Celebrities are coming. Demi Lovato is givin' a hundred thousand for the event."
Safe Space,Cashier,"Wonderful. Rotisserie chicken. Oh yep, gotta have that Frank's hot sauce."
Safe Space,Randy,"I just thought, you know, a fundraiser dinner was sort of the appropriate place to ask for donations."
Safe Space,Cashier,"That's great, sir. Okay, your total is $37.85, and would you like to give a dollar to help put a hamster through college?"
Safe Space,Randy,[stunned] ...What? Did you not hear anything I said? I'm - I'm doin' all this stuff.
Safe Space,Cashier,"Not a problem, sir. [takes out a hamster from behind the counter] If you could just press the N0 button and tell the little hamster he's not going to college. Just look him right in the eye, sir, and say ""Not today, buddy."""
Safe Space,Randy,"Actually, my big fundraising gala is helping put hamsters through college too."
Safe Space,Cashier,"[Excited] Oh, really? Wow. Did you hear that, Banjo? You've got support. [puts the hamster back behind the counter] Well, you have a nice day sir. [hands Randy his receipt] And thank so much for being so generous."
Safe Space,Randy,"You're welcome. [takes his groceries, but has no bag to put them in. He doesn't mind]"
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary hallway. Stan, Kyle, Davíd and Kenny walk along when Cartman interrupts them."
Safe Space,Cartman,"Hey, Kyle. You wanna see what people said about my dick pic? Everyone's pretty stoked on it."
Safe Space,Kyle,There's more than two people on the Internet.
Safe Space,Butters,The man! The man the man the man the man! [runs around the corner completely naked] The man he's gonna get me! He shadows me everywhere! [stops another student and gets in his face] Do you see the man?!
Safe Space,Kyle,"[turns him around] Butters, what are you doing?! [the other student leaves]"
Safe Space,Butters,"Well, he's gonna get me!"
Safe Space,Kyle,"Dude, Butters, you're seeing things! Sifting through all the horrible stuff people say on the Internet is making you lose it!"
Safe Space,Butters,[breaks free and runs off] The world is darkness! The man is coming!
Safe Space,Stan,"Dude, Butters! [he and Kyle give chase. Butters goes up a flight of stairs]"
Safe Space,Butters,Aaaaa! Aaaaa!
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Kindergarten, day. The teacher quizzes the kids on a story"
Safe Space,Teacher,And what color is the little ball the kittens are playing with?
Safe Space,Butters,"[runs into the classroom] Run for your lives, you little fuckers, the man is coming! [the kids scream as Kyle enters the room. Stan, Davíd and Kenny follow him in]"
Safe Space,Kyle,"Butters, listen to my voice."
Safe Space,Butters,The man is gonna get me if I don't stop!
Safe Space,Kyle,"Then stop, dude! Butters, all this isn't worth it. Just. Take, the detention, dude."
Safe Space,Butters,[thinks a moment and jumps through a glass window on the second floor] YEEAAAAAGGHH! [hits the snow hard]
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Community Center, Night, Shameless America Charity Event. Guests arrive in limousines. Gerald steps out of one and goes inside. Randy is hosting. Fanfare plays"
Safe Space,Randy,"Alright everyone, thanks for coming to help raise money to stop shaming, and put hamsters through college."
Safe Space,Guest,What'd he say?
Safe Space,Randy,"And now, a woman who knows about shaming firsthand, supermodel Gigi Hadid."
Safe Space,Gigi,"Alright, everyone enjoying themselves? How's that filet mignon? [approving comments all around] You know, we're all here for a really important reason. Because everyone should-"
Safe Space,Stephen,"Randy, Randy, we've got a problem."
Safe Space,Randy,What?
Safe Space,Stephen,Reality's here. He's trying to crash the party.
Safe Space,Randy,Reality? Who let him in? Shit! [leaves to face him]
Safe Space,Reality,"[making a nuisance of himself at a table, spills a glass of wine] Woo, nice wine, huh? What do you think of that? [tips another glass over] You know what I think of your pretty flowers? [grabs the centerpiece bouquet and throws it to the ground, then dumps a guest's dinner on his lap] There you go. How do you like that? [Randy and Stephen arrive]"
Safe Space,Randy,"Alright buddy, let's go."
Safe Space,Reality,I shit on all of you!
Safe Space,Randy,Seagal?! [Steven Seagal approaches with gun drawn and aimed at Reality]
Safe Space,Reality,"[to Seagal, Randy, and three guests] Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you! [jumps over the table and rushes the stage, then grabs the mic from Gigi Hadid] Give me that, you stupid bitch! [she walks off] What a lovely charity event. I suppose you're all feeling pretty good about yourselves, hm? What have you done? You've raised $300 by spending half a million on filet mignon and crystal glasses. [crowd is silenced and ashamed at themselves] Look at you, Vin Dipshit. You think fat-shaming is wrong, so in response you show off your abs. You're the one fat-shaming, idiot! What's the matter with you people?! You're saaad that people are meeean? Well I'm sorry, the world isn't one big liberal arts college campus! We eat too much; we take our spoiled lives for granted, feel a little bad about it sometimes! No, you wanna put up all your shit on the Internet and have every single person say ""Hooray for you!"" Fuck you. You're all pricks. And I've got news for you! While you've all been sitting here trying to feel good, the little boy who sucked all your shit is about to die from it!"
Safe Space,Seagal,What?
Safe Space,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass hospital, later. Butters is in a recovery room with tubes going into him and wires attached to him. Steven Seagal and Vin Diesel are there with the plus-sized models, Demi Lovato, Gigi Hadid, PC Principal, Stephen, and others"
Safe Space,Demi Lovato,Oh my God. What have we done?
Safe Space,Seagal,"Jesus, I d-I didn't even think."
Safe Space,PC Principal,I guess... I asked too much of one kid.
Safe Space,Randy,"Listen, everybody. [the group splits in two so the camera can see him] I think there's a way to try and make this right for everyone."
Safe Space,Scene Description,"A third commercial. We're back in the poor community. ""Amazing Grace"" plays with an organ, and a choir joins in later"
Safe Space,Randy,"To date, Shameless America has raised over $40,000. With that money, we are putting more and more iPads into these people's hands. [all the kids look at the iPads, not sure what to do with them] With iPads, these people can finally help more Americans get rid of negativity on their social media. [Jojo returns with an iPad, handing it to Randy] Oh, thanks Jojo. I'm shame-free now, and you can be too. For just $1 a day, one of these beautiful children will protect you from trolls and make your Internet a safe space. [a screen pops up with ""We won't rest until America is #completelyshameless""] We won't rest until America is completely shameless. The world can be brutal, but Shameless America is going to continue to take steps to make sure everyone has a safe space... forever."
Safe Space,Scene Description,"South Park Town Square, day. The stage is set for a hanging. Reality has a noose around his neck, and Butters is set to be the executioner. Butters is out of the hospital with a head brace and a crutch"
Safe Space,Butters,Are you sure this is a good idea?
Safe Space,Randy,"Uh huh. [Butters pulls the lever and the trap door opens underneath Reality, making him drop and hang. After some choking, Reality dies and the crowd erupts in cheers]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary Gym, day. PC Principal is once again addressing the students in the gym."
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Alright, everyone, listen up. [Wendy reads through some cue cards at the podium. Behind her is a projection screen showing the text, ""Celebrate our Asian-American STUDENTS!""] Today we're going to be showing you some art from our Asian-American students-DAMMIT, LESLIE, SHUT YOUR FUCKING PIE-HOLE! [Leslie is shown, but she's confused, as she's not talking to anyone.] from our Asian-American students presented by our student-body president, Wendy Testaburger."
Tweek x Craig,Wendy,"Hey, guys. As you know, we have several new students here at South Park Elementary. We have been getting to know some of the Asian girls who have introduced us to an art style called ""yaoi."" [On the projection screen, the text reads ""YAOI"" and below it, in Japanese text, ""BOIZU RABU"" (Boys Love), with a pink platycodon in the background. Oriental music begins to play as Wendy cycles through yaoi images on the screen.] Yaoi is a blend of emotion and beauty involving two people whose love is looked down upon. The art tries to show that all love is magical, like in Lisa Akimoto's piece, ""Tweek and Craig - Forbidden Love."" [Tweek and Craig in a French kiss.]"
Tweek x Craig,Girls,Awwww.
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,What?
Tweek x Craig,Wendy,"Kelly Zhou goes a bit more whimsical with ""Craig and Tweek: Moonlight Dance."" [Tweek wears a pink bow in his hair and is wrapped in a pink ribbon while Craig stands behind him looking down at his face.]"
Tweek x Craig,Girls,Awwww.
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Dude, what the fuck?"
Tweek x Craig,Wendy,"In yaoi art, the seme, or ""top"", is usually dominating the uke, or ""bottom"", as demonstrated in Heather Nishimura's ""Boizu Rabu."" [Craig reaching down into Tweek's briefs as Tweek reaches up to stroke Craig's head]"
Tweek x Craig,Girls,Awwww. [Stan and Kyle look at each other]
Tweek x Craig,Wendy,But yaoi can branch out to other things as well...
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,Uh oh.
Tweek x Craig,Wendy,"...as we see here in ""Lily, Frog, Tweek and Craig."" [Tweek is on his back with only an unbutton shirt and looking away, while Craig is on top of him pinning him down and looking into his eyes. Above them is a lily flower and frog.]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The hallway, after the assembly. Shown are David, Token, Stan, Butters, still in his head brace, Kyle, Kenny, and Jimmy, standing in a semi-circle."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,"I just don't get it. I mean, Tweek and Craig aren't gay. Right?"
Tweek x Craig,Kyle,"[questioning, seeking confirmation] No. We would know."
Tweek x Craig,Butters,"Well, but then why would Asian girls draw them like that?"
Tweek x Craig,Jimmy,"Yeah, what is this yaoi thing all about? I am so c-c-c-confused."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,And if it can happen to Tweek and Craig... could it happen to any of us?
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,The school lobby. Eight Asian girls sit on the steps drawing. Craig sees them and approaches them
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Uhh, excuse me, why are you doing this?? [holds up a picture of himself pushing Tweek on a swing, and Tweek enjoying it]"
Tweek x Craig,Girl 1,"""Oh, hi, Craig. 오늘 다른 셔츠 입었네. (He's wearing a different shirt today.) [looks at the girl on her right and addresses her]"
Tweek x Craig,Girl 2,잠바 밑에 어떻게 알아? (How do you know what's underneath his jacket?)
Tweek x Craig,Craig,What? Well what did she say?
Tweek x Craig,Girl 3,"I don't know, that was Korean. I'm Japanese."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"[Over caffeinated] What is going on, huh? Huh? Me and him aren't together. Why is this happening?!"
Tweek x Craig,Girl 1,"[girl 1 addresses the girl to her left] 지금 크렉이 같이 있어줘야 하는데"". [(Craig should be along with Tweek.)]"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Everyone thinks I'm gay! What if my parents find out! Huh!
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,PC Principal's Office. Craig and Tweek are seated across from PC Principal and Mr. Mackey
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Alright, guys, I know there have been a lot of rumors flyin' around. Just wanted to check in, see if you have any questions for me."
Tweek x Craig,Craig,Why are the Asian girls drawing pictures of us being gay?
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,What's wrong with being gay? Nothin' wrong with that.
Tweek x Craig,Craig,But we aren't! I'm not!
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,I'm not either!
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"That is completely irrelevant! Okay? What matters, and the reason I brought you in here, is that you understand affirmative consent."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,What's that?
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"IF there is a romantic relationship here, you have to make sure your partner is comfortable with any sexual exploration."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,Gah!
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Now in a gay relationship it gets a little trickier, but you still have to follow some guidelines, alright?"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,But I'm not gay!
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"I don't care about that, bro! Tweek, if, and I'm only saying if, at some point you wanted to touch Craig's penis, you can't just go grabbin' for it. Alright? You need to say something like ""Craig, is it alright with you if I touch your penis?"" Okay? Let's try it out."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,NO!
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,You want two weeks' detention instead?! This shit's important!
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Craig, can I touch your penis?"
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Okay, good. Now, Craig, you might say ""You may touch my penis. I'm comfortable with that."". [Craig isn't happy with that line and waits for more] Or of course you could say ""No, you may not touch my penis at this time.""."
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"No, you may not!"
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Okay. Now we're getting somewhere. Now, Craig, what would you say if you wanted to take a gander at Tweek's asshole?"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,The Marsh house. Randy looks inside the fridge for something to drink. He gets a bottle of gluten-free PBR. Sharon walks up to him
Tweek x Craig,Sharon,"Randy, you should have a talk with Stan."
Tweek x Craig,Randy,For what?
Tweek x Craig,Sharon,"I guess something happened at school today involving two of Stan's friends,.. being gay?"
Tweek x Craig,Randy,What?
Tweek x Craig,Sharon,Yeah. Stan seems really perplexed.
Tweek x Craig,Randy,Wow. Our town has only had a Whole Foods for three weeks and we already have our first gay kids. So cool. [smiles to himself]
Tweek x Craig,Sharon,"Go talk to him, Randy, and be delicate."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Stan's room, afternoon. Randy knocks on the open door softly, then walks in."
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Hey, bud. How's it hangin'? [sits on the bed next to Stan]"
Tweek x Craig,Stan,"I'm confused, Dad. There was this thing at school."
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Well, guess what? You've got a really progressive PC dad who knows all about this stuff, okay? Go ahead, ask me anything."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,I just don't understand how it's decided.
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"Ah, well, you see, it's a combination of genetic, hormonal, and environmental influences."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,"No, I mean, like, what makes the Asians decide who they're gonna make gay?"
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"[confused] The Asians? The Asians decide who's going to be gay? [feigns knowing, playing it off] Uh are y-, yeah, yeah they do. Uh, the Asians just, you know, the Asians pick who they pick, and um, it's al- it's, the way it's always been."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,So you've heard of yaoi?
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"[embarrassed, playing it off] Yeah, of course. Yaoi, anal intercourse, Maui Zaui, I, I know all this stuff, Stan."
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Shi Tpa Town, day, Whole Foods. Gerald and Sheila run into Thomas in the store."
Tweek x Craig,Gerald,"Oh, hey, Thomas! Hey, we heard about Craig. We think it's just terrific."
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,[turns around] What about Craig? [Stephen comes up behind him]
Tweek x Craig,Stephen,"Thomas! I'm so glad that Craig is finally happy. [aloud to the other shoppers] Hey, it's Craig's dad, everybody. [shoppers around the store clap]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,The Tweek house. Tweek and his parents are having dinner. Tweek is twitching quite a bit and Richard notices
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"Tweek's out of coffee, honey."
Tweek x Craig,Mrs. Tweek,"Oh, here you go, kiddo. [fills Tweek's cup]"
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"Tweek, is there anything you want to talk to us about?"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,No.
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"[slowly] Well, we heard that you're gay. And I want you to know we've never been so proud of you."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"Oh God. [lets his head hit the table, smashing into all of his food]"
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"We thought you were just a spaz, but to know that you've got so much going on inside."
Tweek x Craig,Mom,"We're so proud of you, Tweek."
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,AAaaagh!
Tweek x Craig,Richard,"Knowing what I know now, I'm gonna be a much better dad to you. In fact, I just, I just want to give you some money, Tweek. [pulls out his wallet and then some bills] Can I give you some money? [Tweek looks up with mashed potatoes covering parts of his face] Here, I I love you so much, son. [hands Tweek the bills]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"""The Book of Love"" begins to play, and here's the montage: Tweek stares at the ceiling while in bed. So does Craig. Neither of them can sleep. Nor can Stan, and he rolls from one side to the other. Next day, one of the Asian girls is drawing. Next night, Thomas can't sleep. Following day Craig walks along and sees Tweek, who is looking at a wall. They look at each other, then at the wall, which turns out to be on one side of the school. On the wall is a large mural of Craig and Tweek in embrace. They turn around, then walk their separate ways. Next is an outdoor art fair at the Whole Foods parking lot with art from the Asian girls at school. All of it is of Craig and Tweek in various poses. The Broflovski's and Marshes are enjoying it. The Stotch's buy a print. Mayor McDaniel's leafs through a bunch of Tweek x Craig pictures she has in a folder, then she looks at a picture of a man with a mustache. She smiles at it. Next is more fan art of Craig and Tweek, and finally we get to Cartman in bed"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"[thinking] Dude, Tweek and Craig. It's just so weird. If they've been gay this whole time, have they been checking me out? I'm pretty sure Craig has seen my wiener. Should I kick his ass?"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"[flits in out of nowhere] Aw, come on. What's wrong with two guys liking each other?"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"I just don't understand it, Cupid Me. Wanting to like, kiss a dude?"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"But if love is love, then it takes form in all shapes and sizes. Teehee."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"I guess, just because I don't understand it doesn't mean I shouldn't support it. Alright. Maybe you can help them along."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,Really? Can I?
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Yes, Cupid Me. Make it quick, and don't let anyone see you."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Oh thank you! I won't! [floats out and away, giggling all the while.]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"Craig's room. Craig is sound asleep, wearing his cap. Cupid Me flits in"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,You just need a little spark of magic. [shoots an arrow into Craig's head.] And now I'm gonna pee in your mouth. [does so and giggles] Love is in the air. [squeezes a last bit of pee out]
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,Cartman's bathroom. Cartman is on the toilet doing something on his phone. Cupid Me returns.
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Did you do it, Cupid-Me?"
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"I hit him with my love arrow, and then I peed in his mouth just for fun."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,[laughs] That's awesome! [chuckles as Cupid-Me flits to his left side] That's so sweet.
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,I thought you might like that.
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Yeah, dude. You're hilarious."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"And do you think I'm cute, too? 'Cause I think you're kind of cute."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"[his smile vanishes] Stop that, Cupid Me. I told you I'm not homosexual, okay? It's not funny."
Tweek x Craig,Cupid Me,"Oh, well, at least Tweek and Craig are in love now. [flits away]"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,Yep. School tomorrow should be really interesting.
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. Stan is talking to Kyle, who is switching out books in his locker."
Tweek x Craig,Stan,And so my dad talked to me about it.
Tweek x Craig,Kyle,Yeah?
Tweek x Craig,Stan,"And my dad said that Asians have always done this, and they, like, do make people gay."
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"[runs up to them] You guys! You guys, hurry!"
Tweek x Craig,Kyle,What?
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"It's, It's Tweek and Craig, dude! They're about to have sex! [runs off. Stan and Kyle follow.]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"At the intersection of two hallways, a crowd has gathered around Tweek and Craig."
Tweek x Craig,Craig,"Got a fuckin' problem, man?! [pushes Tweek back]"
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,You're the one with the fuckin' problem! [pushes Craig back]
Tweek x Craig,Craig,I told you to stay a hundred yards from me!
Tweek x Craig,Tweek,"You'd better not fuckin' push me again, man!"
Tweek x Craig,Cartman,"Oh-ho come on, you guys. Get a room. [Craig and Tweek start fighting. Soon Cartman grabs onto Kevin for support]"
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. He's got the phone receiver in one hand, a hand grip in the other"
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Hello, Mr. Tucker. I need to inform you that your son was in an altercation at school today."
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,[at his office.] Craig? Craig got in a fight? [grins]
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Yes, with his boyfriend. Just a lovers' quarrel, probably. [Craig and Tweek are seated opposite]"
Tweek x Craig,Craig,Goddammit!
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"Something to be expected in relationships. Apparently there were no affirmative consent issues, as your son knows the right way to play with another boy's penis."
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,Oh God!... [facepalm]
Tweek x Craig,PC Principal,"There's not gonna be any disciplinary action since they are gay. We wanna be supportive, so we're just gonna send them on home with some money, alright? Alright, you have a nice day."
Tweek x Craig,Thomas,Money?
Tweek x Craig,Scene Description,"The Forbidden City, China, day. A woman walks into an office and addresses someone in there. The camera pans left to show the president of the People's Republic of China, Xi Jinping. Apparently, it's a call for him, and he answers his phone"
Tweek x Craig,Xi Jinping,Wei? Ni hao [(Hello? Who is there?)]
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"[on the other end, in his study] Uh, hi, Mr. Jinping. Thanks for taking my call, I was... just wondering if you could shed some light on how your people decide who will be gay and who will be straight."
Tweek x Craig,Xi Jinping,What?
Tweek x Craig,Randy,"[sighs] I'm sorry, I-I don't speak Asian, but... um, oh uh, oh, y-yao, yaoi. Yaoi, yes? Boizu rabu. Huh, how does that work?"
Tweek x Craig,Xi Jinping,That-a come from-a Japan.
