Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[evilly, to himself] Heheheheheh. He's such a douche, heheheheheh. [turns around and returns to the house. Scott returns]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Here you go.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, wow, thanks a lot, Scott! [Scott withholds the money]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,But... just one thing before I give it to you:
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,I just... well... I want you to beg for it.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Huh?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Just... get down on your knees and- beg me for the money.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Why??
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Do you want your grandma to live or not?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[looks around to make sure no one else is watching, then quickly] Please Scott give me my money."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"No, no, get down on your knees. [Cartman begins to get on his knees] Lower your head [Cartman lowers it], and say ""I beg you to give me back my money."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I beg you to give me back my money.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now say, ""I'm a little piggy""."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Say it!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[looks around] I'm a little piggy.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[points to his nose] ""Here's my snout."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[points to his nose] Here's my snout.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"""Oink oink oink."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Oink oink oink.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now dance, little piggy! Dance and oink for me!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[looks back angrily for a few seconds, then] I'm a little piggy; here's my snout. Oink oink oink, oink oink oink. [Scott begins to laugh] I'm a little piggy; here's - Aalrightalrightalright, now give me back my money!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"You mean this? [Cartman brightens up] You really care that much about sixteen measly dollars? I mean, what can you buy with sixteen dollars? My parents give me a fifty dollar-a-week allowance. This pittance means nothing to me. Watch. [holds the bills out and strikes a lighter under them]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What- What are you doing?? [the bills light up and burn from one end to the other. Scott lets the burning bills float away] No!... Wh-why?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Now you can't bug me for your dumb money! [turns around and enters the house, shutting the door behind him. Cartman then turns and walks towards the street anew. Halfway there, he looks at his mitts, then grows indignant]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[yells at the sky] Yaaaarrgh! ...You'll diiiiiiiiiie! ...Damn youuuuuuuuuu!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, cellar. The kids in class has been reunited for something important. They're chattering amongst themselves"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[descending the stairs] Concerned citizens, I thank you for coming. [walks to the easel] I know that you are all deeply troubled and want to find a quick and painful way to get rid of Scott Tenorman once and for all! [Clyde raises his hand] Yes, Clyde!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Clyde,Who's Scott Tenorman?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kids,Yeah.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Scott Tenorman is an eighth grader who sold Cartman his pubes for ten dollars, and now Cartman's all pissed off."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[correcting Kyle] Sixteen dollars and twelve cents! He is a disease. He is a cold calculating mind, and I will have revenge!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Butters,Wuh what are you gonna do?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Did you guys see that movie ""Hannibal""? Where the deformed guy trained giant pigs to eat his enemy alive?? Well, if we find a pony [flips the first page over to reveal a drawing of a pony and takes up the pointer with his left hand], we can train it. Train it... to bite off Scott Tenorman's wiener. [the other kids just stare back, but Cartman continues] It will be painful and humiliating! Everyone will see it happen! And then, Scott Tenorman will forever be known as the kid who had his wiener bitten off by a pony!!! WAHAHAHAHAA!!!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,What's in it for us?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Yeah, why should we all care about getting Scott Tenorman back for you?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, right. Why should we care? [slaps the pointer into his right hand] Yes, why should we care? Indeed, eh. Let's just let Scott Tenorman walk away with my sixteen dollars and twelve cents. Hell, let's let all the Scott Tenormans of the world take what's ours and laugh in our faces. Why stand up for yourselves when you can just walk out of here right now and say, ""It's not your problem."" But... years from now, when you're old and have children of your own, what would you give to come back and fight this one day? This one day, when you could have made a difference! Where you could have told Scott Tenorman, ""You may take our pride, but you'll never take my Goddamned sixteen dollars and twelve cents!!"" [flips to the next page, which has written on it ""$16.12"" with double underline] Now who's with me? [turns around to find only Timmy in the basement]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Timmy,Timmay!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[slaps his forehead and sighs] Christ. Alright, I guess it's just you and me, Timmy!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Timmy,"Euuh, livin' a lie, Timmih. [rolls out of the room. Cartman is stunned, then angry]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"A barn, day. Cartman stands next to a scarecrow. He pulls out a frank from a bag of wieners and places it in the scarecrow's crotch"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"There we go. [stands aside] Come and get it. [camera pulls back to reveal a pony nearby] ...Come on, pony, bite the wiener. Bite it. [the pony looks, then approaches] Come on, good pony. That's it! [the pony sniffs the wiener] Now, bite it off! Bite off the wiener! Good pony! [the pony bares its teeth... only to start licking the wiener] Oh no, pony, he'll like that."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,[rushing up with Ned after eying Cartman in the corral] Eric! Are you training that pony to please you?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"No, I'm trying to teach it how to bite someone's penis off. [by this time, the pony is sucking on the wiener]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Oh. Well, does Mr. Denkins know you're usin' his pony? He shoots trespassers on sight, you know."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,He said it was okay.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Alright, then. [turns to walk away, but remembers something] Wait, why the hell are you trainin' Denkins' pony to bite off someone's penis?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Because [ominously] of Scott Tenorman! I hate him! And I want to make him suffer!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Well, son, I think you have a pretty stupid plan there."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[noticing the sucking] Not like that, pony! [slaps the wiener out of its mouth]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Look, if you wanna get revenge on somebody, you've gotta think like a hunter. [the pony reaches for the wiener and starts sucking it again]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Whattayou mean?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,Step 1: Find someone's weakness. Step 2: Exploit that weakness.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,How do I do that?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, night. Cartman appears in the bushes across the street. He pulls out binoculars and checks out the various rooms in the house. He sees Scott in his room, with Radiohead posters on his wall"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,[pops up] What do you see? [Ned pops up. All three are in camouflage]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I see Scott Tenorman. With his ginger red hair and his stupid freckles and his- Goddmnit goddamnit I hate him!!!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"No, young hunter. I mean, what do you see? You must learn all you can about your kill."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Right, right. Let's see... There's posters. Radiohead posters! And he's reading a magazine about Radiohead!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Ooh, what's a Radiohead?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"You know, that band that sings that song: Well, I'm a creep. I'm a winner..."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,"Mmuh, what am I doing here?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Oh, Jesus, don't start singing, Ned!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"So, the subject is a big Radiohead fan, huh? Maybe I should come up with a [British accent] li'l ol' scheme [normal] that involves them."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Nice thinking, young hunter."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,Whoa!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,I'm looking in Scott's parents' room. Scott's mom's about to take off her bra.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"What?! Give me those! [rips the binoculars away and looks for himself] Holy crow, he's right, Ned! Mrs. Tenorman's lettin' the twins out!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,Mn let me see.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Radiohead. Yes, of course. [drops down]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Dear God, they're bigger than I ever imagined!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,Let me see. Let me see.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Here you go. [allows Ned to look through the binoculars, and Ned begins to masturbate] Wow, those are great. Maybe I should go grab some beers, Ned. Ned, what- a-are you jackin' it?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,Kinda.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"Well, stop it! [the porch light turns on and Mr. Tenorman walks out the front door. Jimbo and Ned freeze]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,"Hey, what the hell are you doing out there?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,[hushed] Oh crap!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,Who's out there?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Jimbo,"[hushed] Ned, for Christ's sake, stop jackin'!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ned,I can't.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,"Don't think I don't see you! I know who you are and I'm calling the police! [Jimbo and Ned witness other men rise from the pushes and split. Among them are Randy, in a Groucho Marx outfit; Gerald, dressed as a clown; Stuart, with a paper shopping bag over his head; one man in scuba gear, and one more man]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,A man,"Whoa, I gotta get out of here! [Mr. Tenorman is left wondering why so many men were there.]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, the next day. Cartman returns yet again and rings the doorbell. Scott answers."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[cheerfully] Oh, hey, Scott. How's it goin'? I was just wondering, do you like the band, uh, Radiohead at all?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Uh huh.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, really? Oh, 'cause, they're doin' a big interview on MTV, and they're playing it tonight on a big screen downtown. [gloats] Everyone's gonna be there!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Oh, cool. Um, thanks for tellin' me."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"You're welcome, Scott. [turns and walks away]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, night. Cartman stands on a small stage as a crowd gathers. On stage is a big-screen TV and tower speakers"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Okay. Well, it looks like everyone is here. Let's play the video, shall we? [activates the screen and then walks off stage]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kurt Loder,"Welcome back to MTV. We're here with the members from Radiohead, probably the hottest band in the world right now. [Cartman joins the crowd and stands next to Scott, his mood changing from happy to mad] Guys, when is the next album coming out?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[has taped over the band's answers with his own — first as Thom Yorke] That's an interesting question, Kurt. But first I'd just like to say that I really hate this kid named Scott Tenorman. He's stupid. [now as Johnny Greenwood] Yeah, I hate Scott Tenorman too. [Now as Ed O'Brien] I think all the guys in the band hate him, right guys?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus, did you hear that, Scott? [Scott looks down, and ponders Cartman's role]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kurt Loder,And will there be a new tour?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[Now as Phil Selway] Well, we would tour, but we just hate that Scott Tenorman kid so much that we don't want to. [Now as Thom Yorke] Yeah. Scott Tenorman is totally not cool! He's not cool!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Wow, that really sucks for you, Scott. [Scott is gone] Scott? Ha haha ha ha ha! Did you see that? Scott mast have ran home so embarrassed! Ha ha ha ha. And you know what? That wasn't really Radiohead talking! I just dubbed their voices over! HAHAHAHA! [feedback is heard] What a retard! [the kids around him face right] And now everyone saw it! [looks around]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[off screen] Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, it's time for the amazing Pube Boy! [moves aside to show an ever bigger TV, which is turned on. Scott has apparently filmed Cartman earlier begging for his money]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[on screen] '""I'm a little piggy; here's my snout. Oink oink oink, oink oink oink.""' [the kids begin to laugh hard, then harder. The same clip is shown over and over, and Kenny begins to laugh. Soon he can't control himself, and falls over dead. His ghost appears and continues laughing]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"[looks over at Kenny's corpse] Oh my God, he killed Kenny."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[seething with anger] That does it! I'm gonna get Scott Tenorman once and for all!!!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"That night, dark and stormy, appropriate for Cartman's mood at the moment, Cartman's house. A boy possessed, he's in his room devising a new plan. An evil look comes across his face"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Hueah. You think you're so cool, Scott Tenorman? We'll see how cool you feel after this-uh! Yes. Yes! Yes!! [goes into whispers and brings out a protractor and a compass] Then... that... [finishes his plan] Hahaha, hahahaha! Yes! It is the most genius plan ever!! Scott Tenorman is going to wish he never met meee!!! [a truly evil grin appears on his face.]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Mr. Denkins' farm, next day. Cartman is back at the corral waiting for his friends. Stan and Kyle walk up."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Okay, Cartman, what do you want?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Stan, Kyle, thanks for coming. I have it all figured out!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Got what all figured out?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,How to get Scott Tenorman back!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"[rolls his eyes] Oh, Jesus!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"I just finished planning a brilliant [British accent] li'l scheme [normal] that should put Scott in his place for good! And if you help me, I'll give each of you... two... dollars. [holds out two fingers]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Okay, so what's the plan?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"It's the brilliant combination of my last two plans. Scott Tenorman's favorite band is Radiohead, right?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Yeah.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"So, I realized, 'What if we got Radiohead to come here to South Park?' right? Then they could meet Scott Tenorman — and — see him get his wiener bitten off by a pony! [camera pulls back to reveal the setup: pony, scarecrow with wiener attached to groin]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,...What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Don't you see? If I can get this pony to bite off Scott's wiener in front of Radiohead, then Scott would cry. And if Scott cries, then Radiohead will say Scott Tenorman is totally not cool! And that would make Scott Tenorman wanna die!! [laughs demonically] Okay, I'll keep working on the pony, you guys go get Radiohead to play here! Ready? Break!! [nothing happens for a few seconds]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"You're such a dumbass, Cartman. [he and Stan turn and walk away]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"...Fine, I'll do it myself!! You guys just watch!! [walks over to the pony] Ready, pony? [the pony nods] Bite it! [the pony bites off a piece of the wiener] Yes!! [exults]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"London Recording Studio, day. Inside, Radiohead prepares to record. One of them is on the floor reading fan mail"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Johnny,"Thom, will you stop reading fan mail? We have work to do."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"Just a second, fellas. Listen to this: Dear Radiohead, My name is Eric Cartman. I'm a young, supple eight-year-old boy from South Park, Colorado. I am writing to you because of a kid I know named Scott Tenorman. Scott is fifteen, and I'm afraid he has cancer. In his ass. Radiohead is his favorite band, and it would make his short life if you could find it in your hearts to visit him before he dies alone and scared. Won't you please consider it? I don't think he'll make it past... next Tuesday around 5."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Phil,"Wow, we have to go."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ed,To Colorado? But we have an album to mix.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,Didn't you hear the letter?? This poor kid has cancer! In his ass!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Scott's house, day. A phone rings. Scott answers it in the living room."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Hello?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,[voice at other end] Scott Tenorman?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What do you want?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"We just wanna warn you: Eric Cartman, the fourth grader, is going' to try and trick you somehow into getting your wiener bitten off by a pony who lives at Denkins' ranch."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,How do you know?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"'Cause, we're his friends."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Then why are you telling me?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,'Cause we hate him.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Oh.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Well, we just thought we'd let you know. See ya."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,See ya. [the doorbell rings. Scott walks over to open the door]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,At the front door
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[with tickets in hand] Hello, Scott!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Hey.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"I was just stopping by to invite you to my Chili Con Carnival. It's a chili cook-off with rides. [shows him the face of the ticket] Everyone's coming, and I wanted to drop by your invitation personally!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Ooo, a chili carnival, huh? That sounds great."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[getting smug] Yeah! There is even gonna be a big surprise, so you won't wanna miss it, Scott. Oh, and here! Here's a coupon good for one free pony ride!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Wow, a pony ride. Neat."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, it will be very neat, Scott."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Gosh. Chili, rides, and ponies? What more could I want?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[under his breath] A little penis-biting, perhaps?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Uhnothing, nuhothing! So you'll come for sure then, Scott?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,How can I turn it down?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Sweeet. Killer. Bye, Scott. [Scott turns around and closes the door] Ohoho, you are good, Eric. You are very, very good. [leaves]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,back in the living room
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Mom, Dad, that was my good friend Eric at the door? He told me that there's a starving pony at Denkins' ranch that's been abandoned."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,Oh dear.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Yeah, I feel really bad. But I don't know how I can help it, because I have a lot of homework to do."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,"[drops his paper. Both parents rise] Well, don't you worry, Scott. Your mom and I can go get the pony and have it taken to an animal shelter."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,We sure can.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Wow, would you really? I feel so much better now."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,"[hugs him] Oh, Scott, you're such a loving, caring boy. I'm so proud of you."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"I'm proud of you, too, Mom."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mrs. Tenorman,"Let's go, hon. [heads for the door]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Tenorman,Let's. [follows her out]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,In the kitchen. Scott is cooking up something... his friends arrive
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 1,"What are you doing, Scott?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What's it look like? I'm making chili. Did you bring the goods?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 2,[holds out a bag full of hair] We got everyone we could find to chip in. [his friend giggles] There are pubes from just about every single kid in town.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Awesome! [yanks the bag away, opens it, and mixes the pubes into the chili]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 1,"Oh, dude!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,The little fat kid thinks he's gonna get revenge tomorrow. We'll see how he likes it when I tell him he just ate the pubes of every kid in town!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Buddy 2,"Yeah! [hi-fives Scott, and the three laugh heartily]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The Chili Con Carnival is in full swing. People have already arrived. Stan and Kyle walk up"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[steps out of the ticket booth to greet them] Oh, hello, guys! Thanks for coming to my Chili Con Carnival!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"This is the dumbest thing you've ever done, Cartman."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[smug] Ohoho, it won't be so dumb when Scott Tenorman arrives. I suggest you stay to see the fireworks!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Oho, we will. Trust us. We won't miss this. [looks at Stan, who's smiling]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What's so funny?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Oh nothing, it's just cool how you're gonna get Scott Tenorman back. Is Radiohead here yet?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Not yet, but they will be."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Yeah, sure. [As Chef arrives, Stan and Kyle leave]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,"Hello, Eric!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Hey, Chef."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,I made some chili to enter into the contest.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,What contest?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,"This is a chili cook-off, ain't it?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Huh? Oh. Yeah, I guess it is. Uh, here, Chef, just put it over here."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Chef,It's my special recipe.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[seeing Scott, interrupts. Slowly and sweetly] Scott Tenorman!!! How are you, Scott? Thanks so much for coming! [Scott holds a small container of chili]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Oh, I wouldn't miss this for anything."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[overjoyed] Likewise. Well, come on, you've got to see the pony!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Just a second: don't you- wanna taste my chili first?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Well, e-yeah, but, there's a special guest coming, and I want you to be near the pony when they arrive."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,Well I don't want it to get cold. I think I can win first prize.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[sighs silently] Alright, Scott, uh. Let's go over to the judging table and we'll try the chili first. [Scott leaves] Goddamnit!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, the judging table. Cartman and Scott take their seats. Behind Scott stand Butters, Kyle, Stan, and Scott's friends. Behind Cartman stand Bebe, Clyde, and Token"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[setting his plate before Cartman] Alright, I guess we should taste each other's chili, huh?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[inspecting the dish] Huh, this chili looks pretty good. Weh, here's mine. [hands his plate to Scott, who takes it to his end of the table and starts eating]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Mmm. Ah, I don't know. Your chili is pretty good, Cartman, but I think mine is better. Try it."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Alright. [takes the dish and starts eating. Both boys munch away for a few moments] Hey, this is great! [Stan and Kyle stifle giggles]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"Eh, it's a special recipe."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[begins to wolf down the food] Gawh, this is really good, Scott!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"I'm glad you like it so much, because now that you're almost finished, I have some'in' to tell you."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"What? You mean about how you put pubes in your chili? [Everyone at Scott's end of the table is shocked, even Scott, at this accusation]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,What?!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Yehes, I'm afraid this isn't your chili, Scott. I switched it with Chef's. [Chef looks like he's been used] It's delicious, Chef. I hadn't planned on that. What I did plan on, however, was that my friends, Stan and Kyle, would betray me and warn you that the Chili Con Carnival was a trap. [Stan and Kyle are stunned] I assumed that they would tell you that I had trained Denkins' pony to bite off your wiener. What they didn't tell you was that Denkins is a crazy redneck who shoots trespassers on sight. Knowing that you would try and do something to the pony, I warned Mr. Denkins that violent pony killers were in the area. [A shot of Cartman telling Denkins of such a thing. Denkins is armed] I also know that you wouldn't go yourself, for fear of having your wiener bitten off. You would most likely send your parents. [A shot of Scott talking with his parents] And, I'm afraid that when Mr. Denkins spotted them on his property, he shot and killed both your parents. [The Tenormans are in the corral to rescue the ""starving"" pony, but upon seeing Mr. Tenorman's lit flashlight, Mr. Denkins fires at them, and they go down]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Mr. Denkins,"[looks of horror surround him] Well, they was trespassin' and I was protectin' myself. I, I have my rights."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,My... mom and dad are... dead? [A shot of Officer Barbrady taking a report from Denkins]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"I came just in time to see Mr. Denkins giving his report to Officer Barbrady. And of course, to steal the bodies... [A shot of Cartman arriving, seeing Denkins and Barbrady, and pulling the bodies away. The pony munches at some grass] After a night with the hacksaw, I was all ready to put on my Chili Con Carnival, so that I could tell you personally about your parents' demise! And of course, feed you your chili. [more faces of horror behnd Cartman] Do you like it? Do you like it, Scott? [A gleefully evil look comes over Cartman] I call it, ""Mr. & Mrs. Tenorman Chili."""
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[looks at Cartman for a while, realizing what's just happened] Oh my God! [gagging, he fishes through the plate and finds his mom's wedding ring, still on her finger. He tosses it away] Oh my God!! [vomits off to the side]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,[leaping up on the table and sings] Nyahnyahnyahnyah nyah nyah! I made you eat your parents! Nyahnyahnyahnyah nyah nyah! [Stan and Kyle are way stunned]
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,"Jesus Christ, dude!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[grief-stricken, he buries his face on the table] My mom and dad are dead! [pounds the table] No! NOOO!! [Radiohead arrives and stands behind Scott. Stan notices]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"Uhm, excuse me?"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Who are you?
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Johnny,"We're that band, Radiohead."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,[raises his head] Jesus!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ed,"Jeez, what a li'l crybaby!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Colin,"Are you gonna cry all day, crybaby??"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"You know, everyone has problems; it doesn't mean you have to be a little crybaby about it."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Ed,"Come on, guys, let's go. This kid is totally not cool. [the members of the band start leaving]"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Thom,"Yeah, that's the most uncool kid I've ever met."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Phil,Little crybaby!
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Scott,"[gathers himself and looks] No, wait! Waaiittt!! Oh my God, Oh my Gaawwwd!! [buries his face in the table and bawls again] Noooo!"
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"[walks over to Scott's end of the table] Yes! Yesss!! Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott! [starts licking Scott's tears off his face] Mm, your tears are so yummy and sweet."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Kyle,"Dude, I think it might be best for us to never piss Cartman off again."
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Stan,Good call.
Scott Tenorman Must Die,Cartman,"Oh, the tears of unfathomable sadness! My-yummy. [licks the tears off the table and off Scott's face.] Mm-yummy you guys! [the iris common to Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons appears, with fanfare] Yuppitibut, that's all, folks! [waves]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Cartman and his friends sit on the sofa watching TV"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer,"[voice only] And so, in her career filled with lies, backstabbing, and whoring herself for money, [shot of the TV, with the camera panning up to reveal Punky Brewster sitting in a director's chair] she learned that the price of fame can be pleasing 65 men at once in a dark, dirty alley. [image of Punky makes room for the show's logo on the right side] And so ends ""Punky Brewster, Behind The Blow."""
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Whoa, bummer, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Okay, dude, it's 3:30. [Cartman changes the channel]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer 2,"[Shot of TV as ""The Terrance & Phillip Show"" begins] It's time for the Terrance & Phillip Show!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The Boys,Yay!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Excuse me, buddy."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Why, did you fart? [farts] Oh, no! [both laugh]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Oh man, this is another rerun."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Are you sure? I haven't seen it.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Yeah, fatass, this is their famous Mechanic sketch."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,I'm looking for a mechanic. Can you tell me how to get to the auto garage?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Sure, buddy! All you need to do is go down to the [faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaart. Whatever Terrance is saying is drowned out by the fart], and that's how you [boys join in] get to the auto garage!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Can you tell me how to get to the auto garage without farting?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Sure. You go the same way [Kyle chimes in] except stick your finger up your ass.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"No no no! I mean, could you tell me the directions again without you farting?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,OOOH! Sure! Just stick your finger up my ass.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Alright, no problem, buddy. [Terrance lowers his pants enough to show his ass; Phillip sticks his finger in there] Now, tell me: How do I get to the auto garage to see a mechanic?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,[now wearing a mechanic's hat] You're at the auto garage. I am the mechanic.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Why the heck didn't you tell me you were the mechanic?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Because I had an itch up my ass.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Because I had an itch up my ass. [the two laugh, then the boys laugh, then the laughter dies down. Terrance farts again, and they both laugh as the camera's iris shuts slowly.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Cut to next scene, where they are working on toilet plumbing"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Terrance & Phillip will be right back...
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip:,...after these messages. [toilet water erupts from the toilet and blows them off camera]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,Cut to Cartman's living room
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,When are they gonna make new ones?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer 3,"[On TV, ""HEY KIDS!!,"" white on green, appears and gets bigger, then dances on a blinking background] Hey kids, don't miss the greatest event of the year! This Thursday night at the Denver Coliseum, see Terrance and Phillip LIVE! And in person! [""Terrance and Phillip LIVE! And in person"" appears, then Terrance and Phillip flank the text on either side]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,What's this?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer 3,"[scenes from various episodes appear] One night and one night only, see all your favorite Terrance and Phillip bits live! [Kenny starts babbling incoherently]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Oh my God!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,[running in circles] You guys! Hey you guys! You guys!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Enough! I know!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer,"To order tickets, call TicketSlave NOW!! [a crawl at the bottom of the screen, black on red, reads ""CALL NOW! 555-TIXS""]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Write the number down! Write the number down!!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Class is ready to start, the kids are in their seats. Kyle rushes to his seat"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Dude! Did you get 'em?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"I got 'em! Four tickets, 68th row, to Terrance and Phillip! I waited in line since 3 this morning!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Awesome! Give me mine! [Kyle gives them out]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Butters,"Wow, yuh-you guys ore gonna see Terrance and Phillip Live?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Yep. Tomorrow night.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ms. Choksondik,"[enters and goes before the chalkboard] Alright, children, let's settle down. As you know, this coming Friday is Earth Day. [writes it on the board] and I'm pleased to announce that the national Earth Day organization has chosen South Park as its location for the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Class,Oohh.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ms. Choksondik,"The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing organization are here to tell you all about it. [moves aside for the heads. Two men and a woman come in, each of them sporting a bow on the left lapel.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Hello children, I know you're all very excited about having the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival put on in your town."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,"[slowly waves his left forearm in a broad arc, to the left, palm out] You care very much about the earth, don't you?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Class,Yes.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Good, because it's up to all of you to get lots of people to come.and make it look great. The festival is on Friday, so we'll start getting it ready tomorrow night. [the boys stir and the camera closes in]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,What??
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,We've all gotta pitch in.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Ah, I'm sorry, but the four of us can't help tomorrow night."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,"Cartman, Kyle, Kenny",Yeah.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,You... what??
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Well we got tickets to see Terrance and Phillip Live in Denver tomorrow night. We paid forty bucks apiece for them.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,And Terrance and Phillip are more important than Mother Earth?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Well yeah, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[slowly waves his left forearm in a broad arc, to the left, palm out] You don't care about Terrance and Phillip. [the boys stare back] Nothing matters more than saving the planet from Republicans. [draws close and repeats the arm movement] You don't need to see Terrance and Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"No, dude, we really, really do."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[to the woman at his left, whispers] Their will is strong."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ms. Choksondik,"I'm sorry, boys, but nothing's more important than Earth Day."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"[fielding] Uhuh, but that's why we're going."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Huh?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"See, w-we're the official presidents of the Terrance and Phillip Fan Club. A- and... we're... going to see them tomorrow 'cause we can get them to perform at the Earth Day festival."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,You can get Terrance and Phillip to perform? [to the older man] That would be great. Terrance and Phillip would draw huge ratings from children all over the country.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Very well, kids; we'll work on getting the event ready here, and you go get Terrance and Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The Boys,All right!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,[ominously] But I warn you: You'd better not promise things to Earth Day people that you can't deliver. Earth Day people can be... eheheh very unforgiving.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"[the boys look sufficiently scared] Heheh, heh, no problem, heh. No problem!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Denver Coliseum, the following night. The place is packed and music plays in the background. The boys all sport their Terrance and Phillip shirts, as do some other kids."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Announcer,"Ladies and gentlemen! [the kids cheer and hoot. Spotlights wash over the audience, their beams moving around aimlessly] Put your hands together for... Terrance! [only one spotlight remains on, illuminating the mic, and the music cuts off]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[approaches the mic from behind the curtains] Hellooo, Den-ver! [the roar of the audience fades quickly as they see only Terrance there, and he's not quite himself. A smattering of applause follows]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Wow, dude, Terrance got really fat."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Yeah, he looks terrible."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"How are we all feeling tonight? Pretty good? Uh oh. [Terrance farts and the audience claps awkwardly] Hey, do you all remember this one? ""Doctor, doctor. I think I cracked my ass."" ""Reallih? Let me take a look."" ""Look closer."" [farts, and laughs]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Uuuuhh.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Where the hell is Phillip?! Phil-lip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,"Cartman, Kyle",Phil-lip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Audience,Phil-lip! Phil-lip! Phil-lip! Phil-lip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[""Phil-lip! Phil-lip!""] And now, for some classic Terrance and Phillip comedy! [the crowd cheers and music plays a bit]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,Hello Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Hello Phillip.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Phillip? That's not Phillip.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Say, Phillip, I have a question for you."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Ho-okay, shoot. [bends down to receive the fart. Terrance bends over and farts on ""Phillip's"" face. They both laugh]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Dude, what the hell is going on?! Why did they replace Phillip?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,I think this new guy's funny.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,And now here's a classic Terrance and Phillip sketch that I wrote back in '62. [he and his partner pull out top hats]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Excuse me, sir. Do you know Who farted?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,He sure did.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,What's the person's name?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Who.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,The guy that farted!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Who!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,The person that passed gas!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Who passed gas!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Now, why are you asking me?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,That's the man's name?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,That's Who's name?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Yes!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Something very terrible has happened in the world of Terrance and Phillip, and we've got to find out what."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,"Look, buddy, all I'm trying to find out is What's the guy's name that farted?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Right, the guy that drank his own urine."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip Stand-in,Who?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Denver Coliseum, later. Stan and his friends walk down the corridors backstage, heading to Terrance's dressing room"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Come on, guys, we're getting to the bottom of this. [they reach the dressing room, but a bouncer stands in the way] 'Scuse us."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,Where do you think you're going?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,We have to talk to Terrance.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,"Hyeah, right."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,It's okay. We're the official presidents of the Terrance and Phillip fan club.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,"Then get in the ""Official Presidents of the Terrance and Phillip Fan Club"" line. [points to the line, which has a lot more kids waiting to see Terrance. The boys turn to see...]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Aw, dude, gay!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,You don't understand! We saved Terrance and Phillip's lives once.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Bouncer,"You and about a thousand other people at one time or another. Now, get out of my face! [the boys head for the end of the line]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Racist! [a boy wearing glasses watches the foursome approach. The boys fall in]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Man, this sucks!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Boy in glasses,"[quite timidly] Are you guys official presidents, too?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Don't talk to us, kid."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Hey! Look at that line! [a post next to it reads ""FEMALE GROUPIES AND OTHER RANDOM SLUTS"" An obese woman stands last in line] It's way shorter."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,I don't think we're female groupies or random sluts.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Kenny's a random slut. [a look of anger flashes across Kenny's face]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Well, maybe we can sneak in over there. Come on. [moves to the other line. His friends follow.] Sshh. [stretches the fat woman's pants enough so that all four of them climb in and disappear under her fat]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"Terrance's dressing room. He and a groupie are making out on the sofa, both moaning."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Mmm. Mmm, yummy. [spanks her twice] Mmm. [they separate a bit]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Groupie,It was so great meeting you. I feel like we really shared something.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"We sure did, baby. [stands her up quickly and she looks back, disappointed in his reaction] Next? [the obese woman comes in happily]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,[voice trembling] Hello Terrance. I'm such a huuuge fan.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,You're a huge fan alright!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,Can I just have you sign my breasts?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,But what do I get in return?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,Whatever you want. [starts making out with him]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Oh yeah. [lays down on the sofa, under her] Oh, that's good, baby."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,"Oh, Terrance, I love you."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"You like that? [the woman unzips his pants, then her own]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,I love you! [coitus ensues]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Yeah.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,I LOVE you!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Ah good.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese Woman,I LOVE YOU!!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Yeah-
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Both,[reaching climax] OH!!! [Cartman leaps out the back of the woman's pants]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Agh! Wough! Man, it smells down there! [Terrance and the woman stand up]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Jesus Christ! That was fast! Well, what should we name it? How about Jerry?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Obese woman,What the hell? [the other three boys climb out]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Oh wow! We had quadruplets! [the woman throws up her arms and runs out screaming]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"We're not quadruplets, Terrance. We snuck in that woman's spandex to get in here."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Oh! Thank God. The last thing I need is more kids. [gets a pen and paper] What do you want, an autograph or something?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Nuh, it's more important than that. Our school is putting on a big show for Earth Day, and we promised people we could get you to perform."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Earth Day, huh? That sounds like a very noble cause. How much does it pay?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,But where's Phillip?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,[crosses his arms and looks mad] Who?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Phillip, your partner."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Why is it that every time somebody sees me they have to say, ""Hey, where's Phillip?"" Like we're freaking married or something! You know, I'll let you tater-tots in on a little secret: Phillip is a HACK! [shot of the boys listening] You know who wrote all the Terrance and Phillip stuff? ME! Phillip never did anything but read his lines!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,But the guy who replaced him sucks!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Ah, I know. [sulks away from the sofa] I know he sucks [walks to his dresser and mirror. The boys are seen in the reflection] To be honest, things haven't been going so well lately. I'm not making any money because everyone wants to see Phillip. Why? What the hell does Phillip do?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Because, dude, it's Terrance and Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Ogh, whatever. [turns around to face the boys] The point is, Phillip and I are through. [wistfully] And apparently, so is the act. And so is the money."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,What if we can get Phillip to agree to get back together. Will you do the Earth Day show for us?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"HA! Goood luck getting Phillip! He left because he wanted to do [does a quote with his index and middle fingers from both hands] ""more serious"" stuff. Last I heard, he was doing Canadian Shakespeare in Toronto."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(Toronto?)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,[pleading] But we promised the Earth Day people you'd perform.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Well, in that case, I'd say you four boys are up Fart Creek without a paddle. [the boys look at each other in dismay]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"""South Park: Home of Earth Day Celebration 2001,"" day. Booths are being set up for the festival. The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival make their rounds"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[through a bullhorn] Work! Work, children! We only have two more days until Earth Day! Work!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Clyde,"Ah, excuse me? My daddy is a geologist and he says there actually isn't any concrete evidence of global warming."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"That's not true. [waves his right forearm slowly to the right, palm out] Global warming is going to kill us all. [repeats the arm movement] The Republicans are responsible."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Clyde,"Thank you. [turns and returns to work. Stan and friends come in from the other direction and stop at a sign announcing Terrance and Phillip: ""TERRANCE & PHILLIP As Promised By KYLE AND HIS FRIENDS""]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Oh no, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[arriving with his assistants] Oh, there you are, boys. I need Terrance and Phillip's information so I can tell them their schedule."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Uuuh, we didn't get them."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,[gravely] You what?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"They're not together anymore, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Younger man,You'd better be joking. We've already announced their participation.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Look, we could we could probably get Terrance, but he'll be performing with this other guy."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"You promised us Terrance and Phillip! We therefore promised the WORLD Terrance and Phillip! You WILL get us Terrance and Phillip, or else!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,But there's nothing we can do. Phillip is doing Shakespeare in Canada now.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Then you'd better get your asses to Canada and GET him. We'll make travel arrangements. [the three of them start to move away] Nothing is more important than the environment, boys. Not even your lives. [leaves]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Well, guys, I guess we're going to Canada."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Weak.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Ahhh [leaps on his rival, and both lose their swords. The two scuffle on the floor for a few seconds. Phillip's rival fends him off, but Phillip picks up the rival's sword and wounds him with it. We soon learn this is Act 5, Scene 2 of the play, the finale. And so...]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,Part them; they are incensed.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"[Phillip] Nay, come, again."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Queen Gertrude,Aaaah! [falls]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Osric,"[steps forth.] Look to the queen there, buddih! [Hamlet looks over his left shoulder]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Horatio,"They bleed on both sides. [Hamlet goes to check on the Queen] How is it, my lord?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Osric,"How is't, Laertes?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Laertes,"Why, as a woodcock to mine own springe, Osric;I am justly kill'd with mine own treachery."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,How does the queen?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,"Hey guy, she swounds to see them bleed, buddih. [in the audience Stan and Kyle sigh deeply and Kenny plays with a toy plane, Cartman is asleep]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Queen Gertrude,"No, no, the drink, the drink,--O my dear Hamlet,--The drink, the drink! I am poison'd. Blagh! [dies]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,O villany! Ho! let the door be lock'd:Treachery! Seek it out.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Laertes,"[genuflects next to the poisoned sword] It is here, Hamlet: Hamlet, thou art slain; No medicine in the world can do thee good; In thee there is not half an hour of life; The treacherous instrument is in thy hand, unbated and envenom'd: the foul practice hath turn'd itself on me lo, here I lie,Never to rise again: thy mother's poison'd: I can no more: the king, the king's to blame."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"[picks up the poisoned sword] The point!--envenom'd too! Then, venom, to thy work, buddih! [Stabs King Claudius]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,All,Treason! treason!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,"O, yet defend me, friends; I am but hurt."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"Here, thou incestuous, murderous, damned Dane, drink off this potion. Is thy union here? Follow my mother."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,King Claudius,Blagh! [dies]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Laertes,"He is served;It is a poison temper'd by himself.Exchange forgiveness with me, noble Hamlet:Mine and my father's death come not upon thee, Nor thine on me. Blagh! [dies]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"Heaven make thee free of it! I follow thee, guy. I am dead, Horatio. Wretched queen, adieu! You that look pale and tremble at this chance, buddih, That are but mutes or audience to this act, [chuckles] Had I but time--as this fell sergeant, death, Is strict in his arrest--O, I could tell you, buddih--But let it be. Horatio, I am dead; Thou livest, guy; report me and my cause aright, to the unsatisfied. [chuckles]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Horatio,"Never believe it: I am more an antique Roman than a Dane: Here's yet some liquor left, buddih."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Jesus Tapdancing Christ, is this thing ever gonna end? [Kenny continues playing with his plane]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Hamlet,"...he has my dying voice;So tell him, with the occurrents, more and less,Which have solicited. The rest is silence. Blagh. [dies]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Horatio,"Now cracks a noble heart. Good night sweet prince:And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest, buddih!..."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,The parking lot. The play has ended. Phillip reaches his car with square tires. Stan and the boys chase him down
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,[reaching Phillip] Phillip! Phillip!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Yes?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Our town in Colorado was chosen to host Earth Day this year and... we need a big act.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Oh, really? This run of Hamlet is closing down, I'm afraid. We could take it there."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"[stammering] Ah, well, we were thinking how cool it would be if you and Terrance got back together for a reunion and-"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,AH! Stop right there! I'm not doin' nothin' with that fatass egomaniac!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,But we need you!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Ah, I'm sick of him taking credit for all the work and not letting me change the act. It's old and stale! I mean, do you really think that fart jokes are funny for that long? [farts and laughs despite himself]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Look, if you don't come and do the show, I'll make you eat your parents!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Yeah, whatever, kid."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"He'll do it, dude."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Ah, look, Phillip. Everyone in South Park just wants to see your serious side."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,What?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The other boys,What?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"They told us that ""Phillip. He's the one with talent. Just get him for Earth Day."""
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Really? Well that sounds interesting. How much does it pay?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Two thousand dollars.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"[opens the driver-side door] I'm in! Here, call me at this number with the details. [hands Stan a business card] Gotta run! [peels away]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Dude, you didn't tell him Terrance would be there."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"I didn't see he wouldn't be there, either. Look, all we have to do is get them there, right? Once Terrance and Phillip get together again, it'll be like old times."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Oh, Kyle, you just made a huge withdrawal at the First Bank of Lies."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"[silent for a bit, then] Ih-it'll be okay."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The kids put finishing touches on the various booths. The heads of the Earth Day Brainwashing Festival make their rounds again"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[through a bullhorn] Work faster! Faster, children! Earth Day is coming! [they approach and ascend a stage set up for Terrance and Phillip. Stan and friends are already there, waiting] Well, boys, it's rehearsal time, and your Terrance and Phillip haven't shown up."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,They said they'd come.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,I'm sure they'll be here any minute.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"[moves to stand behind the boys with his assistants flanking him] Maybe you kids don't understand how important Earth Day is for the future of our planet. Maybe you need some convincing. Carl? [the younger man, now known as Carl, takes an Earth Day meat cleaver and chops off Kenny's left hand]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(AAAAHH!)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Oh my God!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"[arriving] Excuse me, is this where the Earth Day crap is happening?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,He's here! [Stan and Cartman smile]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Older man,"Oh. Very good. Mr. Phillip, I am Jack Farliss, head of the Earth Day Committee. Thank you for being part of this important event."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Whatever. Where's my check? [Terrance enters from the other side of the stage.]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Alright, I'm here. Where do I-?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,[angrily] What's HE doing here?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Alright, let's do a rehearsal so that the camera crew can get a look at it. [a zoom-out shows Terrance and Phillip facing away from each other]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Uhhh-woo wow! Isn't this great? You guys seeing each other again?
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Ee yeah, you must have a lot of catching up to do. But let's rehearse first."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"So, this is your dong, huh, Terrance?!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,My doing?? These kids called me and said it was your idea and that you wanted to apologize.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Please, you guys. This is for Earth Day. [moves his left forearm, palm out, from right to left] You care about Mother Earth, don't you?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Well, what the hell? I already flew all the way out here. But I want my check made out to me, not both of us!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Ditto!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,Fine! [the boys leave the stage]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,See? I told you it would work. [the boys take their places before the committee]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Alright, we'll come off the speech about the dying whales, and thennn, action!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Doctor, doctor, I've cracked my ass."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Really? Let me take a look.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,Look closer. [poots]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle.,"[encouraging, claps] Haha, hahahaha. Hahaha."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Yon fart doth smell of elderberry sweet. Thou dost protes-
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[interrupts] Uh. What? That's not the line, asshole!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"You're right. It's a better one, asshole!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Just do the bit right, dickface!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Why don't you go eat some more pudding, you fatass drug addict?!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,I may be fat but at least I didn't get hair plugs!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,That's it! I ain't doin' nothin' with Kuko the Whale!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"I never needed you in the first place, yuh hack! [moves off the stage, left]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,You can't leave! The show starts soon!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Boys, you've got... three hours to get those two back together. Do I need to remind you what will happen if you don't? Carl! [Carl pulls out the cleaver again and chops off Kenny's right hand.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(OOOWWW!)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,You bastards!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Good luck, boys. [He, Carl, and the woman walk away. The boys move towards Kenny]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"We've got to get them back together, you guys. They could do this to us."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park, later. Media has come in to cover the event: ""Terrance & Phillip Earth Day Brainwashing Festival"""
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Reporter,"[a woman on stage sings and plays a guitar] Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where Earth Day 2001 is in full force. [one shot of the booths] Environmental awareness games, booths, and of course, [a shot of more booths] the entertainment on stage, which is being broadcast live all over the country. This eco-happy crowd is thrilled and waiting in anticipation for the arrival of Terrance and Phillip, who are promised by these four boys. [an inset of the boys appears over the reporter's left shoulder]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"[takes the mic as the singer leaves] What a touching and true song. You know, it's true. [sweeps his left forearm, palmout, from right to left] Republicans are ruining the earth."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Crowd,[repeating] Republicans are ruining the earth.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Alright. Well, I think I know why most of you tuned in today. How about some Earth Day entertainment?! [the crowd cheers and claps. Jack gives the mic to Kyle and walks off. Stan has left the stage]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Hooray for the earth! We must protect it. [the crowd nose dies down] And now, as promised, here are TERRANCE AND PHILLIP, on video! [Stan hands a tape to a camera man, who puts it into a VCR and starts it.]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Carl,"On video? [the curtains part on stage, revealing ""EARTH DAY 2001""]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"They were considered the best comedy act in all of Canada. [a shot of the duo, then another of them with Tony Orlando and Dawn] But a fast-paced rocket ride to success would bring them to the depths of despair. [a shot of Terrance, slumped over his couch, then of the show's logo, with vigorous music] This is Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Crowd,Wow!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Carl,[approaching the boys] What the hell do you call this?! [Jack and the woman show up]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Eh it's ""Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow."" I taped it last month."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"We promised people Terrance and Phillip, not a video documentary! You've ruined the earth for the last time, boys! [Carl wields the cleaver one more time, and it reads ""Earth Day Cleaver 2001."" The boys make a run for it]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,The Boys,Aaaahh! [they run behind the crowd as the committee pursues them]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"[the show resumes] Terrance was born Terrance Henry Stoot, in the small Canadian village of Toronto. [shown with his parents. Mom is a Mountie, Dad seems to be a lumberjack] At a very early age his parents noticed an uncanny musical ability and decided to enroll him in the Canadian School for gifted babies. [a shot of Terrance playing a xylophone, then of the school building, then of Terrance in a class picture with other toddlers] It was here that he partnered up with Phillip Niles Argyle [soon highlighted], a brash young baby from Montreal. [a shot of a poster announcing their next performance] Together, they performed musical acts that stunned Canadians everywhere. [stock footage of Las Vegas in the 1960s] At the tender age of six, Terrance and Phillip were off to the United States to perform on the Ed Sullivan show [stock footage of the building the show was filmed at]. where American audiences would be exposed to Canadians for the first time."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Ed Sullivan,"[arms folded over his chest] And now, ladies and gentlemen, we have two adorable little boys from Canada. Please put your hands together for the music of young Terrance and Phillip. [fanfare, audience claps as the two boys are shown in Canadian Mountie dress. They begin their song and dance]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance & Phillip,"Beef and lamb, chicken and ham, Step to the left and clap your hands! Gosh we love our chicken and ham. Don't let it go to waste that chicken and ham!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Woman,"Oh my God, what's wrong with their heads?!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Man,"It's alright, darling, they're just Canadian."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Woman,Oooh.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance & Phillip,"Beef and lamb, chicken and ham, Step to the left and clap your hands! Gosh we love our chicken and ham. Don't let it go to waste that chicken and ham!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"The Canadian act confused American audiences. [one person claps. Ed looks disappointed] But then something happened that would change Terrance and Phillip's act forever. [Phillip farts. A man and woman laugh, and soon the audience joins in. Ed claps joyfully as well. The crowd is soon roaring with cheers and then Terrance farts in return. More laughter and cheers] It was the birth of Canadian comedy. [a shot of Terrance and Phillip using their fart routine in their music act, a shot of them with President Gerald Ford] Terrance and Phillip spent the next several years perfecting their art, and meeting some of America's most influential people. [a shot of the audience looking at the video, from the back of the audience]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"[approaches Mr. Garrison] Excuse me, which way is the bus station? [still mad, carries a suitcase]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Mr. Garrison,"Hey, you're the guy on the screen. [points to the stage]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,What? [looks at the screen]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"But it was in 1974, on the Sonny & Cher Show, that Terrance and Phillip finally started to mix their Canadian humor with deep political insight. [splashy shots of the Sonny & Cher Show]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Sonny,"You know, Cher, a lot of us real Americans don't know much about Canada."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cher,"[garbled somewhat] Well, a lot of us real Americans aren't as stupid and short as you, hm. [the audience laughs]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Sonny,Please put your groovy hands together for the young and talented Terrance and Phillip! [applause and music as the duo come on]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Say, Terrance, I'm getting worried aboot all these Russians making missiles. Maybe we should stop this cold war."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Here's a missile for ya! [farts in his direction, and they both laugh. The audience laughs along]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"That's better. [farts on Terrance's face, and they both laugh, and the audience joins in. Terrance farts on Phillip's face and they both laugh. The audience laughs some more. Terrance farts on Cher and Phillip farts on Sonny]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"With this bold mix of humor and political insight, the world couldn't get enough of Terrance and Phillip. [the shot of Terrance and Phillip with Tony Orlando and Dawn] But their fame would come at a price, when Behind the Blow continues."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, front. The boys stop there to catch their breaths"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"[panting] Okay. Okay, I think we lost them."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Jesus, man, those Earth Day people don't screw around!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"Kyle, none of this would be happening if you hadn't LIED in the first place! You lied, and then you lied to cover up your lie!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"I didn't see you complaining at the time, fat boy!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Guys, we have no choice. We're gonna have to move away. Environmental activists don't use logic or reason."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Carl,[off-screen] There they are! [the boys react and are off running]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,Haaah! [Carl chops off Kenny's left leg to the knee]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(Aahhh!)
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Go! Run run run! [Kyle wails, Kenny keeps up somehow]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,South Park stage. Behind The Blow continues
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"[a shot of Terrance and Phillip with three Playboy Bunnies] As they entered their late teens, Terrance and Phillip were already starting to taste the sweet milk of success. [a shot of Terrance and Phillip propped up as scarecrows out on a field] But the price of fame was looming, as Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow continues. [a shot of Johnny Carson laughing it up with Terrance and Phillip] The '70s and '80s were a good time for young Terrance and Phillip. [a shot of the Donny and Marie Show with Terrance and Phillip cavorting in the background] Their act on the Donny and Marie Show earned them a Nobel Peace Prize. They were on the cover of every magazine. [The Times, Teen Heat] And then in 1998, even a Saturday morning cartoon was made, based on Terrance and Phillip. [From episode #102, ""Terrance and Phillip and the Land of the Goat People."" The camera pans an alien landscape, from a star in the sky to a pair of muscular men in spandex space suits] Terrance and Phillip themselves supplied the voices."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Say Terrance, what should we do aboot this strange planet we've crashed on?"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"I don't know, Phillip. It looks like the alien species here breathe an inert gas."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Oh oh, did you say what I thought you said? [farts, and they both laugh]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Goat leader,"[approaches with his tribe] As leader of the goat people, I have seen my species nearly wiped out by your dangerous gas."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Wow, that sucks. [he and Terrance laugh. The dialog continues as the narrator speaks]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"The cartoon was such a huge success that it started to breed confusion over whether Terrance and Phillip were animated characters or real people. And so, in 1998, [a shot of them working on a script] the comedy team started work on what they thought would be their greatest achievement: A made-for-TV movie written by and starring Terrance and Phillip, called ""Not Without My Anus."" [a shot of the duo on the Metro, then the opening logo is shown, then shots of the episode itself] It was their biggest project to date. But it had the misfortune of being scheduled on a night when a different and more popular show, the John Schneider Variety Hour [a shot of John singing], was supposed to air. When fans tuned in to see John Schneider and instead were treated to the Canadian made-for-TV movie [a clip of Terrance and Phillip on the Metro], they were enraged, bewildered, and scared. [a shot of the HBC building in flames] The fans revolted and burned down the network, killing six television producers and wounding twelve others. [a shot of the dead and wounded, another of rioting] The hatred of Terrance and Phillip had begun. Terrance fell into a deep depression and started abusing wood polish. [Terrance sits slumped over his sofa with a small can of polish at his feet] Phillip beat up an angry six-year-old fan and was sued for six million dollars. It was the first time the duo tasted failure [a shot of teen Terrance and Phillip superimposed on a burning HBC building], and it nearly killed them both."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"[moves into view, looking at the video] What's going on here? [he's behind and next to Mr. Mackey]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Mr. Mackey,"Sh. We're watching ""Behind the Blow,"" m'kay."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,"South Park. The boys run past Tom's Rhinoplasty, with the Earth Day Committee in hot pursuit"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,"Come on, Kenny, hurry up!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Scene Description,South Park stage. Behind The Blow continues. A shot of Mr. Garrison and Phillip
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"[a shot of Terrance on a yellow sofa, drunk and unkempt, attempting to hammer himself to death] After years of depression and suicide attempts, Terrance and Phillip finally decided to get together [another shot of them working on a script] for one last film: [a poster for Asses of Fire is shown, then the camera zooms on on the duo in the car] the 1999 hit, Asses of Fire. It was one of the highest-grossing films of the summer. [shots of the duo singing and dancing in the street, during ""Uncle Fucka""] And though the film also started the Canadian-American War of 1999 [shots of the war], in which eight million people lost their lives, the film was considered a great success. [a shot of Terrance and Phillip holding an Oscar] After almost being executed by the American government [a shot of the attempted execution], Terrance and Phillip were eventually returned to Canada [they are shown getting off the plane, with the captain waving at them from behind], where they were touted as heroes. [a shot of Phillip looking at the video] They have been to hell and back, through the very best and the very worst of times, together, but they had seen it through. [a shot of the duo being hoisted above the crowd, Terrance holding a golden cup.] And so ends Terrance and Phillip, Behind the Blow. [the audience cheers and claps. Terrance walks up to Phillip, still with suitcase]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,Terrance...
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Oh, Phillip. You're still here, too."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"I was just watching this video, I ah-. You know, I've never seen it before."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,[pause] Me neither.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,[pause] We sssure did go through a lot together.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,We sure did.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"[drops the suitcase and makes a move] Terrance, I-"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"No. No, Phillip, don't say it. I was an asshole, and this is mostly my fault."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"That's what I was gonna say: You were an asshole, and this is mostly your fault. [awkward pause] But, you were always the more artistically driven of us; I ssshould've put more into it than I did. [now dejected]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"No, Phillip, I really thought I did everything. Until I- tried to do it alone. [now dejected. Phillip farts long and soft. A few laughs roll out of Phillip, then out of Terrance, and pretty soon they're laughing it up as they always do. The Earth Day committee approaches the boys, who have made it back to the festival]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,Think of all the endangered species that will now vanish because of you! Carl! [Carl chops off Kenny's right leg with the cleaver]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,(AH how!) [topples over and away from the committee. Large amounts of blood quickly pour out]
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"So long, boys! [he and the other two start to move off]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kyle,"Wait! dude, LOOK! [the audience cheers as Terrance and Phillip take the stage]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Thank you everyone, thank you! You know, Phillip and I have learned an important lesson: that when you go through a lot with somebody, you can't let trite things come between you."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"That's right, Terrance. You should only let trite things come between your asscheeks [both fart]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"Ohohoho, nohoho! [both of them laugh]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,They're back!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,Alright!
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Jack,"Yes! Earth Day is saved, boys! Everything worked out after all!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Stan,It sure did.
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Cartman,"[rolling Kenny over so he can see] Look, Kenny, everything turned out okay!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Kenny,"(Oh, well now that's sweet.)"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"Say Terrance, can you tell me Who farted? [the camera pulls out as the skit continues]"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Terrance,"He sure did, Phillip."
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Phillip,"NO, I'm asking you his name!"
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow,Narrator,"And so, Terrance and Phillip got back together, proving once and for all that fame and fortune are never as important as friendship."
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"A bright, sunny day, with some clouds in the sky. The camera pans down to a funeral scene in a cemetery with robust trees"
Cartmanland,Priest,"...And so it is with heavy hearts that we say good-bye to Mabel Louise Cartman. [a shot of the entire Cartman family, with a few new faces. Cousin Alexandra wears a veil over her face] She was a good woman, a community leader, a caring wife, a providing mother [a shot of Liane, teary-eyed], and a loving grandmother [a shot of Eric checking his watch]"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Mom, it's 3:30. This is taking up my whole Saturday."
Cartmanland,Liane,"Ssshhh, pumpkin, it's almost over."
Cartmanland,Cartman,Why couldn't the funeral have been on a school day?
Cartmanland,Priest,"And now, let us bow our heads in a moment of silence and reflect on how Mabel touched our lives. [all close their eyes]"
Cartmanland,Cartman,[softly] God! She didn't take this long to die.
Cartmanland,Priest,"And now we release the doves to symbolize the Lord taking Mabel into his arms and giving her everlasting peace. [a blonde assistant lifts the cage door cheerfully, then strains to hear some noise. She lifts the cage only to see the dead doves tumble out onto the grass]"
Cartmanland,Assistant,[serenely] Peace. [music plays and everyone disperses]
Cartmanland,Cartman,Great. Now can we go?
Cartmanland,Liane,"No, sweetie, we have to tend to some of Grandma's business."
Cartmanland,Cartman,Ogh! God-damnit..!
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"The city, day. Johnson's & Associates Law Firm."
Cartmanland,Executor,"[reads will] ...""And so I leave my stocks and bonds, worth an estimate fourteen dollars and twelve cents, to be divided amongst my loving family."""
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[impatient, arms crossed] Mom, I wanna go home!"
Cartmanland,Liane,"In a minute, sweetie. This is important."
Cartmanland,Executor,"""To my loving son, Stinky: I leave you the house in Nebraska. Look after it as your father and I did."""
Cartmanland,Cartman,Bluh bluh bluhbluh bluh bluh...
Cartmanland,Executor,"""To my grandson Eric: You are always my favorite fat little man, my perfect round little pudding-piler."""
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[under his breath] Oh, God, do you have to embarrass me even in death, Grandma?!"
Cartmanland,Executor,"""For you, Eric, I leave from my life savings, the sum of one million dollars, to be transferred to you immediately."""
Cartmanland,Cartman,[stunned] Hoosajiggawha?
Cartmanland,Liane,A million dollars?
Cartmanland,Executor,"""Eric is the primary benefactor of my estate, since it is likely the rest of you would spend the money on crack."""
Cartmanland,Liane,Oh my.
Cartmanland,Uncle Stinky,That can't be!
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Uh yah sir, excuse me. D-Does this mean that I..have...one million dollars?"
Cartmanland,Executor,"Yes, Eric, it's yours."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"No, no, wait, you don't understand. [voice trembles] since I was th-three years old it has been my dream to have one million dollars..."
Cartmanland,Executor,"And now, you do."
Cartmanland,Cartman,Egh... [lets out four long screams while his family watches]
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A car with a woman seated in it appears on a hill"
Cartmanland,Stan,"""There you are, Jennifer Lopez!"" [Stan's face appears, and it's instantly clear that the car and Lopez are dolls] ""You've been most uncooperative, Ms. Lopez."""
Cartmanland,Kyle,"""No, please! I promise I'll never make another album or movie!"""
Cartmanland,Stan,"""It's too late for that, Ms. Lopez."" [inserts a small firework next to Lopez in the tiny car]"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"""Have mercy!"" [Stan lights the firework. He and Kyle move away. The firework pops and the little car flips over] Yeah ha ha!"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Yeah, awesome!"
Cartmanland,Kenny,panting(You guys! You guys! You gotta come down to Cartman's house! You hear Cartman got a million dollars from his Grandma!)
Cartmanland,Stan,...Why?
Cartmanland,Kenny,(Because! His grandmother just died and her will says Cartman now has a million dollars!)
Cartmanland,Kyle,Nuh uh.
Cartmanland,Kenny,"(No, swear to God it's true! Cartman's got a million dollars!)"
Cartmanland,Stan,"You'd better not be lying, Kenny. [the three walk out of view.]"
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"South Park, the Bank, later. Inside, a banker counts the money out in $100 bills. Mr. Garrison, Principal Victoria, Chef, and others are there."
Cartmanland,Banker,"Nine hundred ninety nine thousand four hundred, nine hundred ninety nine thousand five hundred..."
Cartmanland,Jimbo,"Damn, Ned, I've never seen that much cash."
Cartmanland,Ned,Mm-me neither.
Cartmanland,Banker,"...Nine hundred ninety nine thousand nine hundred, one million. [sets the last bill and moves the stack next to the other stacks.]"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[softly] Look at it. Look at it, mother. See how the light reflects the spearmint green from its surface."
Cartmanland,Mr. Garrison,"Eric, that is a lot of money. Don't you think you should keep it in the bank instead of at your house?"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"I'm not keeping it, Mr. Garrison, I'm spending it."
Cartmanland,Jimbo,On what?
Cartmanland,Cartman,On my dream. [zoom in] On the one thing that I've wanted ever since I could remember...
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"South Park, the Bank, outside. Cartman leads the others out of the bank and down the street. The money is in his Radio Flyer wagon"
Cartmanland,Broker,"[seen in the crowd, pops up next to Cartman] Excuse me son, I'm an investment broker; I can help you invest that money."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Nuh uh, I'm spendin' it."
Cartmanland,Priest Maxi,"Eric, God could sure use that money for a bigger church."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Huh, I think God has plenty of money."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"What the hell are you doing, fatass?!"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Not much, just taking my [stops the wagon and shows a stack of bill off] one million dollars out of the bank. [the other three boys are stunned]"
Cartmanland,Stan,Oh my God.
Cartmanland,Kyle,Kenny wasn't lying.
Cartmanland,Cartman,Would you mind stepping aside? I have a purchase to make.
Cartmanland,Stan,"Dude, can you loan me twenty bucks for a new jacket?"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"HA! If you need money, you can get a JOB, Stan! No freeloaders are gonna take my hard-earned cash!"
Cartmanland,Kyle,Your grandma left it to you! You didn't earn it!
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Didn't earn it?! What about all the years I spent making Grandma like me?! All the wet spit-filled kisses I put up with?! The constant smell of aspirin and pee?! Don't tell me I didn't earn it, you son of a bitch!"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"No... No, this isn't possible."
Cartmanland,Stan,"Yeah, it's unbelievable."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"No, I mean, this is impossible, Stan! Cartman is the biggest asshole in the world! How is it that God gives him a million dollars?"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Come on, we gotta see what Cartman is doing with his money. [walks away, but Kyle stays behind, in doubt]"
Cartmanland,Kyle,Why? How could you do this? There are people starving in Alabama and... and you give Cartman a million dollars?
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"North Park Funland, day. Cartman and his mom are in the park office signing papers"
Cartmanland,Broker,...Aaand if we can just get you to sign here... [Cartman signs] and here... [Cartman signs].
Cartmanland,Liane,"Are you sure this is what you want, sweetie?"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"My own amusement park, Mother. I'm sure."
Cartmanland,Broker,"And now you just sign here, Mr. Fun. [Mr. Fun holds the pen and thinks a bit... a roller coaster zips by outside the window]"
Cartmanland,Mr. Fun,I can't do it.
Cartmanland,Broker,What?
Cartmanland,Cartman,What?!
Cartmanland,Mr. Fun,"Uh uh I can't sell this poor kid my park. [Cartman remains stunned] Look, I haven't been honest with you. The park hasn't been doing great business."
Cartmanland,Broker,Frank...
Cartmanland,Mr. Fun,"Sshhhh. It ain't right, Chris. [to Cartman and Liane] The truth is, the park is a financial flop. I haven't turned a profit in years because I can't keep attendance up."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Oh, but I'm not buying the park to get people to come."
Cartmanland,Mr. Fun,You... you're not?
Cartmanland,Cartman,"No no! I'm buying it to keep people out! [Chris and Frank look at each other] Don't you see? Forever it has been my dream to have my very own theme park, so that I could be alone in it, all day, every day. I love theme parks. [zoom in] But the lines! Everywhere you go, people, crowds, [shot of people waiting to enter ""The Mine Shaft""] The rides are great, but... [a shot of crowds on Main Street] All the lines, lines, LINES! [shot of people waiting to enter a ghost ride, another shot of a kids' mine shaft ride; another of Cartman pissed off, eyes squeezed shut, with waiting times floating past him] If there's one thing I hate, [a shot of two lines of people entering his head] all the lines, lines, lines, LINES!! [opens his eyes, and a moment later...] And then there get to be so many people [his eyes roll around independently of each other] that they make FastPass. [a shot of people in a FastPass line] So then there's lines for FastPass. [zoom out to show Cartman in line for a FastPass] You stand in line to get a ticket to stand in line later. Then there's lines for the bathrooms [two lines for the Waterworks Restrooms], lines for the drinks [Astro Food line], lines for cantakuras [Seussian characters play strange instruments for the people in line] and rare Kartankulas Plinks! [a vendor sells them - they are a fruit treat shaped like strawberries] ...And, so you see, this park is for me. Nobody else will be allowed in it."
Cartmanland,Mr. Fun,"Nn-oh. Well then, I guess I don't feel bad. [signs the papers]"
Cartmanland,Chris,"[the broker] Mr. Cartman, congratulations, the theme park is yours. [slides the documents to Cartman]"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Gentlemen, I thank you."
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"South Park Synagogue, night. A main door opens and Stan enters"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Kyle? [at the front of the synagogue, Kyle sits in the first pew right, and a shaft of moonlight shines down on him from the rose window over the altar. Stan approaches] Dude, what are you doing here? Everybody's looking for you. Kyle?"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"[not turning around, voice quivering] Do you know what happened to me this morning, Stan? This morning... I woke up and felt a sharp pain in my ass. I felt down there and, and found this... big sore lump. On my ass, Stan. I couldn't even sit down, so... I, I had to tell my mother, which, which was humiliating. She took me to the doctor, which was more humiliating, a- a- nd he told me. I-I have a hemorrhoid. It's like an infected blood vessel on your ass. I'm nine years old, and I have a hemorrhoid, Stan. I have a hemorrhoid, and, Cartman has his own theme park."
Cartmanland,Stan,"Kyle, I, I understand what you mean, but--"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"[leaves the pew to face Stan, teary-eyed] Do you?! Do you, Stan?! Because all my life I was raised to believe in Jehovah! To believe that we should all behave a certain way and good things will come to us. I make mistakes, but every week I try to better myself. I'm always saying, ""You know, I learned something today..."" and what does this so-called God give me in return? A hemorrhoid. He doesn't make sense! [to God] What is your logic?! [feels a pang in his ass] Ow. [tends to the pain]"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Look. Cartman... he thinks he's gonna be happy because he has his own amusement park, but, he's gonna find out that without other people, the rides are totally lame. I mean, who could really have fun by themselves at a theme park? I'll bet he's sick of it already."
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"North Park Funland, day. Cartman is on the Carousel on a white horse, alone"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[gleefully] Yyeessss! Yyeessss! [next, ""Java Jam!!"" a Teacup ride. Cartman laughs to himself] Awesome! [continues laughing. Next shot: Cartman in the ""Bumper Buggies"" bumper cars] Ho ho! [bumps into the car before him] Sweet! [bumps into the car behind him] Yes! [next shot: Cartman announcing at the Mine Shaft Ride] Folks, please keep your arms and legs inside the vehicle at all times, make sure your seat belts are fastened, and enjoy the Mine Shaft! [pulls the lever and the cars pull away. Cartman rushes to jump in the first car and buckles in. Outside, the cars go to one end of the ride] Yes! [the cars go to the other end of the ride] Yes! [next shot, goes to ""Ride Shots: pictures of your ride""] Oh, cool! [a picture of him on the ride appears on one screen] Oh, look how much fun I had! [next shot: a haunted ride. First, a mummy pops out of a casket to his right] Whoa! Heheheheh. [a skeleton pops out to his right] Ah! Heheh. [a ghost pops on from his left] Whoa! Heh, heheh. [next shot, Cartman on a ferry around an island] Woooo, Adventure Island! Check it out! Awesome! [the island seems to have real animals there, like giraffes, elephants. Next shot, Cartman on a log ride, ""The Yeti."" He goes down the chute] Yoohoo! Yeh-hehess! [lands in the lake below] Yehess! [comes to the end of the ride, sobs joyfully] I'm so happy! I'm so happy...!"
Cartmanland,Scene Description,Stan's house. Kyle enters carrying a padded seat ring
Cartmanland,Stan,"[on the sofa] Oh, hey, dude. Terrance & Phillip is just about to start."
Cartmanland,Kyle,Great. [tosses the ring onto the sofa]
Cartmanland,Stan,What's that?
Cartmanland,Kyle,It's my seat ring. I have to sit on it because of my hemorrhoid. [hops onto the ring] Ow.
Cartmanland,Stan,"Heh, heh. [Kyle glares at him] Sorry."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"So, how are things going at Cartman's theme park?!"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Dude, just forget about it. We can't let him get to us, or he wins."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"Hunh, I guess you're right."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[voice, from the TV] Hey, everybody! Check out the all new Cartmanland! It's our Graaand Opening! Cartmanland has over a hundred fabulous rides [Cartman stands next to a Yeti. When the log car comes out, he jumps in and takes off], six roller coasters [one of them is shown], and tons of great surprises! [a haunted tree and the Yeti do their stuff. Cartman is back at the front gate] And the best part is: [zoom in] You can't come!! [Stan and Kyle look confused. Next shot: Cartman on Main Street] That's right, because at Cartmanland, only I, Eric Cartman, can get in! That means only I can ride the all-new Tornado Twister [a shot of the fancy new ride, with Cartman in one of the cars, going through the loops], a roller coaster that splashes in the water! Wow! [an overview of Adventure Island, with Cartman showing it off] It's the greatest amusement park in the Colorado area! And nobody can go!! Especially Stan and Kyle!! HAHA!! [a shot of Cartman landing in a space capsule, with parachute] So come on down to Cartmanland now! [Cartman in the Haunted Mansion ride] But don't plan on getting past the parking lot, [back at the front gate] 'cause remember: [cue music] So much to do at Cartmanland, but you can't come! [cut music] Especially you, Stan and Kyle."
Cartmanland,Stan,"[hops off the sofa and heads for the door] That does it, dude!"
Cartmanland,Kyle,Where are we going?
Cartmanland,Stan,We're getting into that fatass's park whether he likes it or not! [Kyle hops off and takes his seat ring. Both boys leave]
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Cartmanland, Haunted Mansion, night. Cartman is back on the ride."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[a mummy pops out of a casket to his right] Whoa! Heheh. [a skeleton pops out to his right] Whoa! [a ghost pops on from his left] Whoa! Heheheheheh. [he exits the ride and ambles back to the road] Aw, man, that was awesohome! That one part, with the, um, with the spider that dropped on ya? Oho, man, that totally got me. That was sweet! Heheh."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"[in the distance, while Cartman speaks] Ah! Ow! Hey, it hurts! [the sound of chain-link is heard] Owie-ow! Help! Ow, that hurts!"
Cartmanland,Cartman,[lifts his hand to his ear to hear better] What the hell?
Cartmanland,Kyle,Hohohooho! Oowwww!
Cartmanland,Cartman,You sons of bitches! [goes towards the source of the sound]
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Cartmanland, perimeter fence. Stan is in the park waiting for Kyle to come down, but Kyle is stranded on top of the fence. The view is from the park towards the parking lot."
Cartmanland,Stan,"Come on, dude!"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"[bawling] Hoh Gohod, I popped it!! Oh hit huhurts!!"
Cartmanland,Cartman,[arriving] What the hell are you doing?!
Cartmanland,Stan,"Aw, crap."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"Oh God, get me off of here!! [falls off, but outside the park]"
Cartmanland,Stan,Dude! [rushes out of the park to Kyle]
Cartmanland,Kyle,"[now standing, rubbing his ass and wailing] Stan, I have to go home!! I need my cream!! I need my creeheam!!"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Alright, let's go."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[reaches the scene, but stays inside the park] That's right! You stay out!"
Cartmanland,Stan,"You can't keep us out forever, you fucking fat ass! We'll be back as soon as Kyle's hemorrhoid is better!"
Cartmanland,Kyle,My life can't get any worse!
Cartmanland,Stan,You'll see! We'll get in! [walks off with Kyle as Cartman glares after them.]
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Cartmanland, day. Cartman stands at the front gate with a new employee. The entrances are now barricaded with wooden planks. Two remain open: the middle one and the one at far right."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"...Alright, so listen: All I want you to do is keep anybody out who tries to get in here. If you see anybody on my propertih, especially Stan and Kyle, you are to shoot on sight!"
Cartmanland,Security guard,So what does does this job pay?
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Alright, now this is very hard for me to do, you understand. But, in return for you working security, I'll let you ride two rides a day. But only two rides, and only if I'm not on them."
Cartmanland,Security guard,"Uh, I'm afraid I don't really like rides."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[looks warily at the guard] But, you can ride anything you want. And you don't have to wait in line."
Cartmanland,Security guard,I'm not interested.
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Dude, are you from Mars or something? Any ride you want. No lines."
Cartmanland,Security guard,"If you need security, I need a cash salary."
Cartmanland,Cartman,But I don't have any cash. I spent everything on this park.
Cartmanland,Security guard,"Well, look: Why don't you just let a couple of people in each day? Every day you can just let two people in, charge $29.95 per ticket, and then you can use that to pay my daily salary."
Cartmanland,Cartman,Ugh... Two people?
Cartmanland,Security guard,This place is huge. You'll never notice two people. And then you'll have security for your park.
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Well, all alright, Goddamnit! I'll open the park to two people each day! But remember: anybody else you see trespassing the park..."
Cartmanland,Security guard,I will shoot on sight.
Cartmanland,Cartman,Sweet.
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Hells Pass Hospital, day. Kyle is on a gurney, face down. A doctor stands behind him as his parents look on"
Cartmanland,Doctor,You're a very lucky little boy. I've never seen a hemorrhoid so infected. It could have killed you. [walks away]
Cartmanland,Kyle,Lucky. [the operating room doors open and in walks Stan]
Cartmanland,Gerald,"Oh, look, Kyle. Your little friend Stan is here to see you."
Cartmanland,Stan,"Dude, are you okay?"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"Oh, I'm swell, Stan. I popped my hemorrhoid trying to climb the fence into Cartmanland, and it got infected. I really need to go to the bathroom, but if I do, it will pop again and the pain will make me pass out. How are you?"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Well um, ah-I found out that Cartman is letting a few people each day into his theme park. I was thinking we could put on disguises and get in."
Cartmanland,Sheila,Ah-ah-ah-I'm afraid Kyle can't ride any amusement park rides for over a year because of his horrible hemorrhoid.
Cartmanland,Stan,Jesus.
Cartmanland,Kyle,"But it's okay, Stan, because I finally figured it out. You see, if someone like Cartman can get a million dollars and his own theme park, then there is no God. There's no God, dude."
Cartmanland,Sheila,"Kyle, don't say such things!"
Cartmanland,Kyle,"Why? Why, Mom? Because if I do something bad will happen to me? Because if I do your God might not shower me with his blessings of infected hemorrhoids?"
Cartmanland,Gerald,"Kyle, y-you-you just don't understand. It's--"
Cartmanland,Kyle,No! I finally do understand! There is no justice! There is no God![Stan casts his eyes down] Do you hear me?! I renounce my faith!!
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Cartmanland, day. Barbed wire has been placed atop every fence imaginable. A crowd of people shows up. Among the people are Butters, Clyde, Jordan, Bebe..."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[on the bullhorn] Alright, alright, listen up, people. Cartmanland is open, but only to two people each day. [turns it off]"
Cartmanland,Kids,Aw.
Cartmanland,Boy,That's gay.
Cartmanland,Cartman,"I just gotta cover my security expenses. Butters, Clyde, you can come in."
Cartmanland,Butters,Hoh.
Cartmanland,Clyde,Oh. [Cartman moves a post and the two boys walk out. Cartman places the post back]
Cartmanland,Cartman,The rest of you will just have to try another day.
Cartmanland,Kids,Aw. [they turn around and walk away. Cartman goes to the ticket booth and opens the window. Butters is waiting]
Cartmanland,Cartman,"'K, one park admission? That will be twenty-nine ninety five, sir. [Butters gives him the money and gets back change, his ticket, and a map of the park] Five cents is your change and enjoy your stay at Cartmanland."
Cartmanland,Butters,"Hoh boy, oh boy! [Clyde purchases his ticket]"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"...and enjoy your stay at Cartmanland. [Clyde leaves] Ogh, finally, work is over. Now I can get back to riding my rides. [walks in and dances down Main Street] Dada da, I've got my own theme park. Hm, what should I go on now? I know! I'll go on the Haunted Mansion ride again! [enters the ride and makes his way through the line] Da dait daa da Da dat dadadadadadaa da-ah- [finds Clyde and Butters waiting for the ride as well. They turn to see him] What are you doing?"
Cartmanland,Butters,We're waitin' in line for the-ah spook house.
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Line? Lines! I HATE LINES!!! Can't you go on something else right now? [Clyde and Butters lean away from Cartman, a bit afraid]"
Cartmanland,Butters,"Well we wanna see the spook house. Uh well, we paid twenty-nine ninety five; we should be able to go in the spook house. [crosses his arms in disappointment]"
Cartmanland,Clyde,Yeah! But I think it's broke down. The cars aren't moving.
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Ugh, alright, alright, hang on. [pulls out a walkie-talkie and speaks into it] Security!"
Cartmanland,Security guard,[arrives talking into his own walkie-talkie] What?
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Oh, Jesus! Uh, look, the haunted house ride broke down. I need you to fix it."
Cartmanland,Security guard,"Uh, I'm security, not maintenance."
Cartmanland,Cartman,But I don't know how it works.
Cartmanland,Security guard,Well your rides are gonna break down every now and then. You need to hire a maintenance person.
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Ogh, alright, alright! I'll let two more people in each day so I can hire a maintenance person."
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Cartmanland, another day. A crowd of people shows up. Among the people are Bebe, Token, Timmy, Kenny, Filmore..."
Cartmanland,Cartman,"[on the bullhorn] Alright folks, we've had another change in policy. I've had to hire a maintenance person, and to pay his salary I have to let in two more people a day. [a shot of the crowd from the front, then one of Cartman] However, the stupid maintenance worker demanded I have food and drinks inside the park, so now I've had to hire a beverage person, and a cotton-candy person, which means I now have to let eight people come in a day! BUT, you are to try your best not to ride any rides that I am on! Understood? [everyone nods] Alright, let's go. [unhinges the velvet rope, and in walk Token, Timmy, Filmore and friend, Kenny, two adults, Bebe, and another boy]"
Cartmanland,Timmy,Timmay!
Cartmanland,Cartman,[eyes the new boy and stops him] Wait a minute! Who are you?
Cartmanland,Boy,Mike Gainor. [Cartman sees a bandage on the boy's face and rips it off]
Cartmanland,Cartman,"HA! Get the hell out of here, Stan!"
Cartmanland,Stan,"Goddamnit Cartman, let me in!"
Cartmanland,Cartman,I thought you said buying a theme park was stupid! SECURITY!
Cartmanland,Stan,"It is stupid, Cartman! You made Kyle lose his faith in God, you fat asshole!"
Cartmanland,Cartman,Get him out of here! [Stan looks up in surprise]
Cartmanland,Security guard,"Move along, sir. [sprays the pepper gas on Stan]"
Cartmanland,Stan,"AGGH! [The guard escorts him away] This isn't over, Cartman!"
Cartmanland,Cartman,"Eugh. Well, now I can finally get back to my riding my rides! [smiles and walks into the park. Next shot, Cartman in a roller coaster. Next, Cartman on ""Plummet from the Summit""] Uh oh! Oh man, I'm so scared! [reaches the top of the ride, then the car goes into free fall] AAAGGGHHH...."
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. A nurse works on Kyle's hemorrhoid with pincers"
Cartmanland,Kyle,Agh! [the nurse moves the pincers one way] Agghh! [then another]
Cartmanland,Nurse,Just a little more. [one twist more] There we go. [withdraws the pincers. Gerald and Sheila enter Kyle's room with the Bible]
Cartmanland,Gerald,"Hello, Kyle. How's the hemorrhoid today?"
Cartmanland,Kyle,[the nurse leaves] Awesome. [Gerald and Sheila take their seats near Kyle]
Cartmanland,Sheila,"Kyle, we wanna tell you about the Book of Job. It's a story from the Bible."
Cartmanland,Kyle,I've had enough of the Bible. What has it gotten me?
Cartmanland,Gerald,"Oh, I think you'll see differently after hearing this. Sit down, Kyle. [Kyle gets cross, and Gerald corrects himself] Uh, okay. [begins the story. A Middle Eastern scene appears] You see, Job lived in the east of Jordan, a long long time ago. [camera pans across the landscape and rests behind a man in a red robe and long gray hair] Job was a great man. He was blessed with ten lovely children [they come out of a building with their mother], a wonderful wife, and many friends. [his friends show up to join the family behind Job, a proud and happy man]"
Cartmanland,Sheila,"[a shot of Job petting a bull] He was godly, and a good man, and fed the poor. [Job brings a bag of food to a woman with three kids next to her. One of them, a girl, walks up, and her mother hands her a loaf of bread]"
Cartmanland,Gerald,"He was the most upright and honorable of men, and every day he praised God. [Job falls to his knees in praise, as his shepherds look on]"
Cartmanland,Sheila,"But one day, Satan went up to Heaven and talked to God."
Cartmanland,Kyle,[still mad] Satan talked to God?
Cartmanland,Sheila,"Yes, in the Book of Job, Satan talks to God. And God says to Satan, ""Have you seen Job? He is a great man, and he praises me every day."""
Cartmanland,Gerald,"But Satan said, ""Oh yeah? He only praises you because you gave him so much. If you didn't give him those things, he would curse your name."""
Cartmanland,Sheila,"To which God said, ""Oh yeah? I'll show you, Satan! I'll take those things away from Job and he will still praise my name."""
Cartmanland,Gerald,"And so, God had a bunch of barbarians come in and slaughter Job's oxen and donkeys, and murder all his workers. [that scene is shown]"
Cartmanland,Sheila,"Then God sent his fireballs from the sky and killed his sheep and the rest of his employees. [meteorites rain down and destroy the fields and workers there, as well as the sheep]"
Cartmanland,Gerald,"And then, as Job's sons and daughters were eating, God sent a mighty wind to collapse the house and crush and kill them all. [the palm trees bend low as the winds pick up, then the two-story house collapses as the palm trees are swept away by the winds, and Job's family dies]"
Cartmanland,Sheila,"Job was terribly sad, but he fell to his knees and said, ""The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away,"" and praised God's name. [Job falls to his knees and prays to God.]"
Cartmanland,Gerald,"So then, Job got painful sores all over his body. [shown, with the burning fields behind him]"
Cartmanland,Sheila,"He was in terrible, miserable pain all day, every day. But he still kept his faith. [another shot of Job among the dead, then a close-up of Job with his sores]"
Cartmanland,Gerald,"God said to Satan, ""See? I told you. Job still praises me."" [all that is heard after that is the sound of the heart monitor attached to Kyle.]"
Cartmanland,Kyle,[a few seconds later] And that's it? That's the end?
Cartmanland,Sheila,Basically.
Cartmanland,Kyle,That's the most horrible story I've ever heard. Why would God do such a horrible thing to a good person just to prove a point to Satan?
Cartmanland,Gerald,"Oh. Uhhh, I don't know."
Cartmanland,Kyle,"Then I was right. Job has all his children killed, and Michael Bay gets to keep making movies. There isn't a God."
Cartmanland,Scene Description,"Cartmanland, day. Yet another crowd of people awaits to get in. Cartman greets them"
