Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,In here! [opens its door and shoves Butters in]
Good Times with Weapons,Butters,"bu- but fellas, I gotta- [Cartman closes the door. Craig and his boys appear]"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,"Aha! [the three remaining boys quickly face Craig's crew] There you are! You guys thought you were so cool, didn't you?! Well look at what we got! [Craig and his boys present their weapons]"
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"No way, you got weapons too?!"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,Where'd you get those?
Good Times with Weapons,Jimmy,"From the n-n- from the nn-, from the nn-"
Good Times with Weapons,Clyde,From the nice guy at the county fair.
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,"At first we needed our parents' permission, but then we told him our parents were dead."
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Aw man, now every douchebag in town has a weapon! Lame!"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,"So, [unsheathes his sword] how would you ninjas like to do battle?"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Uh, not now, Craig, we we have to be going."
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,You can't pass through this area until you defend your honor! [Clyde crosses his kamas against each other]
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"He said, not now, Craig!"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,"I am not Craig, [twirls his sword] I am Ginza, [transforms] with the powerful blade of the kitana. Iya!"
Good Times with Weapons,Token,"And I am Black Chaku, [twirls his nunchakus and transforms] with the power of perfect spelling!"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Guys, we're we're really not playing, okay? [Jimmy has already transformed and leaps into the air, twirling his kali sticks around, and lands in a powerful pose]"
Good Times with Weapons,Jimmy,"Wha, what, what's the m-matter, f-fellas? Are you ... nnnninjas or p-p-p-pussies?"
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,[the boys are back in anime form] We're twice the ninjas you fags are!
Good Times with Weapons,Clyde,Then fight us!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Very well, Clyde. Kiyaaaa!"
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,I swore to never fight again.
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"We don't have a choice, Kyle. Just humor them. Hyaaaaah! [He begins his attack. The other boys move forth and the fight begins, as a song reminiscent of Japanese anime theme songs, mostly Japanese with occasional English words, starts playing; its lyrics appear as a sing-along along the bottom of the screen.]"
Good Times with Weapons,Singer,"poemSubarashii chinchin monoKintama no kame aruSore no oto ha ""saru bobo""Iie! Ninja ga imasuHey Hey Let's Go! kenka suruTaisetsu no mono protect my ballsBoku ga warui so let's fightingLet's fighting love...Let's fighting love...Kono uta chotto bakaWake ga wakaranaiEigo ga mechakuchaDaijobu? We do it all the time!Hey hey let's go kenka suru...</poem>"
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"The fight as the song progresses: Jimmy twirls his kali sticks around and aims them at Stan, unleashing two beams of energy. Stan blocks them with his tonfa. Kenny watches Craig be tossed through the air. Token sweeps his nunchucks around and unleashes energy towards Kenny, who jumps clear and lets Cartman take the blow. Cartman shatters it with his sai swords. The nunchucks sweep back. Kenny falls to the ground on his ass, behind Cartman. Token attacks Cartman with his nunchucks, but Cartman counters them with his sais, sending Token flying back a few yards. Token rubs his right shoulder. Clyde whips out his kamas and whips them around, and Kyle responds by whipping his nunchucks around. Clyde focuses on Kyle and unleashes a large amount of energy from his kamas. Craig and his crew are shown, then Craig and Kenny fly at each other. Stan takes a stand. Two silhouettes fight. A car rolls by the scene slowly, and the driver simply observes. He sees them are they are, then drives off. The scene reverts to anime letterbox and the boys continue fighting"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait! [the song ends, and he looks around] Wait. [steps forward] Hold on a second. Where's Butters? [sees the open oven door, and no one in the oven]"
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,Oh no. Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"[turns and faces Craig's boys] Oh, nice going, you assholes! You made us lose him!"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Lose who?
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"[approaches Craig] Butters! He got a ninja star stuck in his eye, and we were taking him to the vet when you fucked it all up! Butters!"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Stuck in his eye? Was he bleeding?
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Ye-yeah, a little- Butters! Get back here right now!"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,"Oh shit, you guys are in trouble. We're outta here!"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"No dude, you gotta help us find him!"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,To hell with that!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"We're in this together, Craig! If Butters tells on us, we're gonna tell on you! That's the ninja code!"
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"The road, sunset. Butters walks along the side still sobbing, looking for help"
Good Times with Weapons,Butters,"Hello? Anybody-eh. [the driver appears again and slows down to observe Butters. His right eyebrow rises] Woof. Woof. Woofwoof. [his voice softens] Eh. Woof, eh. Woof. [the drives speeds up and drives off. Butters turns and continues his lonely walk. Back near Skid Row the eight boys walk along searching for Butters.]"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Here, Butters!"
Good Times with Weapons,Kenny,(Butters!)
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Clyde,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Token,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Jimmy,Bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- bu- Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,Butter- Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,Hey Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Dude, look! [a black man walks up in anime form, stops, and looks around]"
Good Times with Weapons,Chef,"Hello there, children!"
Good Times with Weapons,The Boys,"Hey, Chef."
Good Times with Weapons,Chef,How's it goin'?
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,Bad.
Good Times with Weapons,Chef,Why bad?
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Uuuh, Chef, you haven't seen Butters around, have you?"
Good Times with Weapons,Chef,"No, can't say that I have. Hey, what are you children doin' with those weapons?"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Nothing, just... playing."
Good Times with Weapons,Chef,"Well, you children should be careful with those. You could put somebody's eye out."
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Yeah, we know."
Good Times with Weapons,Chef,"Well, I've gotta get to the fairgrounds. They're about to start the big auction. So long, children! [turns and walks away]"
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Butters closes in on it, babbling incoherently and stumbling along. He enters the emergency area, moves in a few feet, and falls flat on his back"
Good Times with Weapons,Nurse,[behind the counter] Oh my God! [leaves her station and kneels down next to Butters] What the-?! Doctor? Doctor?!
Good Times with Weapons,Dr. Doctor,[approaches and kneels down next to Butters] Jesus Christ. [Butters shakes his head and babbles] What kind of sick bastard would do this to a dog?! Poor little pup.
Good Times with Weapons,Butters,"[moans, then opens his eyes] Woof woof."
Good Times with Weapons,Nurse,"Can you help him, Doctor?"
Good Times with Weapons,Dr. Doctor,"I'm afraid I wouldn't know how. Unfortunately for this little fella, I'm a people doctor. Best we call the animal shelter."
Good Times with Weapons,Nurse,[rises and leaves] Right away.
Good Times with Weapons,Announcer,"[with recaps from the episode] In our last episode the four ninjas did battle with Professor Chaos, bringer of destruction and doom. It was during that great battle that ninja master Kenny threw his star into Professor Chaos' eye. Now the ninjas were in serious trouble, because their parents might find out they had weapons, if Professor Chaos told on them. While trying to get Professor Chaos some aid at the veterinarian's office, the four ninjas ran into Craig and his three friends. They challenged the four ninjas to fight, and the legendary battle of Tokutawa began. It was during this battle that Professor Chaos escaped, and so the four ninjas were forced to join forces with Craig and his friends to find Professor Chaos, or else they would all be grounded."
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Here, Butters!"
Good Times with Weapons,Kenny,(Butters!)
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Clyde,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Token,Butters!
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Butters! Where the hell are you?!
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"It's hopeless, dude! Butters must have made it to the hospital. By now our parents probably know we were playing with weapons! We have to get rid of the evidence! [moves off]"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,What?
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"[reaches a well and holds his nunchucks over it] Dude, we have to get rid of our weapons so at least we can try to deny everything."
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"[with his sais] Screw that, dude, I paid twenty bucks for these things!"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Yeah, let's just go return them and get our money back."
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"We don't have time for that, dude! We just have to ditch them! Now!"
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Okay. Go ahead, Kyle. Throw your nunchucks away. If you can. But you know damn well that your Jewish blood won't let you. You can't throw away something you paid fifteen bucks for. Go ahead and try."
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Screw you, fatass! [struggles to loosen his grip on the nunchucks]"
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Mel Gibson was right, Kyle. Right now the Jew in you is screaming ""NO! Those cost money! Get your money back!"" You know this to be true. [Kyle continues struggling and begins to grunt] Go ahead. Prove Mel Gibson wrong, Kyle. [closeup of Cartman's lips] Do it. [Kyle struggles even harder, but eventually gives in]"
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,[walks up next to Stan] I- I can't do it... I can't do it. I...
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"It's all right, Kyle. We'll go back to the fair and return them."
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"South Park Animal Shelter, day. Dogs and cats are heard. Inside, an elderly veterinarian pulls something along on a leash"
Good Times with Weapons,Vet,"Come on. Come on, little fella. 'Atta boy. [Butters appears at the other end of the leash, crawling in]"
Good Times with Weapons,Butters,[in a gravelly voice] Woof woof. [babbles incoherently. The veterinarian leads him towards a cell]
Good Times with Weapons,Vet,"Right over here. [opens the gate] Good dog. Come on. [guides Butters in] There you go, right in there. [closes the gate and locks it, then leaves] Goooood dog. [Butters babbles some more as a dog approaches from his left and sniffs. The dog pisses on him and walks away. Butters' voice rises in protest. Another dog approaches from his right, sniffs him, and pisses on him. Butters' voice rises a bit more in protest. A third dog approaches from his left, turns around, and craps on him. Butters stands up]"
Good Times with Weapons,Butters,Gaaaah!
Good Times with Weapons,Assistant,Somebody threw a ninja star in that poor puppy's eye?
Good Times with Weapons,Vet,"It just makes me sick how some people can treat animals. [pulls out a large syringe, quickly] Well, nothing we can do for it; let's put it to sleep, shall we? [they move back into Butters' cell] Here you go, pup. I've got a sweet dose of murder for you. [He leaves, giving Butters the chance to escape. The vet returns with a syringe.] What the? Blasted! He's escaped! ...Oh well, let's murder one of these other dogs."
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"The county fair, anime form, sunset"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"All right, the county fair's still open! [they spot Roger, shown in anime form, and approach his booth.]"
Good Times with Weapons,Roger,Can I help you boys?
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,We have come to return the weapons we purchased.
Good Times with Weapons,Roger,"Uh, sorry kids, ah I don't give refunds."
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Listen, doucher! Our parents are gonna kill us, and you, if they found out that we bought these!"
Good Times with Weapons,Roger,I thought you told me your parents were dead.
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,[approaches with his boys] You guys! [the other boys turn around] You guys!
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"What is it, Craig?"
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,It's Butters! We saw 'im!
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,Where?!
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Right on the other side of the fairgrounds. He's just wandering around aimlessly.
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,Then it's not too late!
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Come on, Ninjas! [the boys make their way across the fairgrounds, but freeze in their tracks upon seeing the auction]"
Good Times with Weapons,Barker,"[in anime form] All right, folks, our next item up for bids is this lovely 19th Century lamp."
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Aw dude, crap. All our parents are there."
Good Times with Weapons,Craig,Butters is right on the other side.
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,We have to get past them!
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,All right. Looks like I have to use my power of invisibility to get by.
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,You have that power too?
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"I told you, Bulrog has lots and lots of powers. Behold. [steps aside and holds his arms up. He sweeps them down and disappears. He them removes his clothes and gathers them into a pile] This way, I can move about the crowd of people undetected. [walks over to Stan and hands his clothes over] Here, hold this stuff for me."
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"[softly] Good luck, Bulrog. [Cartman leaves, with only his footsteps indicating where he's going]"
Good Times with Weapons,Barker,"Now, this lamp comes from the estate of Edna and James Hollinger, who lived in upstate Wyoming. [Cartman, in normal form, appears, tip-toeing across the stage sideways. His penis can be seen.] It has a bronze finish and actual gold leaf along the base. This is a rare opportunity to own a classic antique. [Cartman changes his gait and tip-toes forward. The bidders look on] The lamp has been appraised by our auction staff at well over two thousand dollars. [Cartman changes his gait and tip-toes along sideways. One of the staffers notices Cartman and taps his colleague. The colleague looks and gasps] So we're gonna start the bidding at three hundred and seventy five. Do I, do I hear three hundred and seventy five? [Cartman continues tip-toeing along and the bidders sit motionless. Eight seconds pass before Cartman stops, realizing that the crowd can indeed see him.] Kid, what the hell do you think you're doin'? [Cartman looks around, knowing he's stuck.]"
Good Times with Weapons,Butters,"[wanders on stage] Haba, haba! Habahoaha! [babbles some more, then falls flat on his back again]"
Good Times with Weapons,Linda,[rises with her hands on her chest] Butters! [the auction staff encircles the boy]
Good Times with Weapons,Randy,What happened to him?
Good Times with Weapons,Sheila,Oh my God!
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Oh, Jesus."
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Oh dude, we are gonna get it now."
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, Emergency Town Meeting, day. The chatter among the adults present is heated"
Good Times with Weapons,Mayor McDaniels,"All right, people, we are all extremely upset over what's happened. [the boys' parents are present, with angry faces on] But let's try to speak one at a time."
Good Times with Weapons,Man 1,"Well, like the rest of you, I am shocked and appalled at what happened! I don't know if the parents are to blame or if it's the times we're living in, but something has to change!"
Good Times with Weapons,Townsfolk,[amid chatter] Yeah! I agree!
Good Times with Weapons,Gerald,This is the worst thing that's happened in this town! [Butters is shown with a patch over his left eye and a long gauze wrapped around his head to keep the patch in place] The worst thing!
Good Times with Weapons,Man 2,"Yeah! I mean, there were children watching that auction! And when that little eight-year-old boy walked up and flashed his... penis! It was an outrage! [the adults go into an uproar again]"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,What?
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,What?
Good Times with Weapons,Skeeter,"Not only that, the auction was televised on public access, so my little daughter watchin' at home saw the... penis! How am I supposed to explain that to her?!"
Good Times with Weapons,Sheila,This is what happens when the moral fabric of society breaks down! [the adults go into an uproar again]
Good Times with Weapons,Mr. Garrison,"[next to Mr. Mackey] You see the damage you've caused, Eric Cartman?! What were you thinking?!"
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,I told you it was a wardrobe malfunction. [the adults go into an uproar again]
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Dude, they don't care we knocked Butters' eye out with weapons?"
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"Just run with it, dude."
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"[looks around, then stands on his chair] Uh, yeah! I agree! Uh- my fragile little eight-year-old mind didn't know how to deal with what I was seeing. C-Cartman should be punished!"
Good Times with Weapons,Man,Yeah! [the adults go into an uproar again]
Good Times with Weapons,Cartman,"Hey, fuck you, Kyle!"
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"Park County Community Center, outside. The doors open and Stan, Kyle, and Kenny exit onto the parking lot"
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,"Yeah, I c- I can't believe it."
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,Yeah. I guess parents don't give a crap about violence if there's sex things to worry about.
Good Times with Weapons,Kyle,[pulls out his nunchucks] So I guess this means we get to keep our weapons.
Good Times with Weapons,Stan,"[he and Kenny pull out their weapons] Yeah. Come on, ninjas. [they transform into their anime forms] We've got some more work to do."
Good Times with Weapons,The Boys,"[leap into a pose, and the image is frozen] Hya!"
Good Times with Weapons,Scene Description,"End of Good Times with Weapons. Stills of the episode are shown along with ""Let's Fighting Love"""
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Stan's backyard, day. The boys are playing the ""Investigative Reports with Bill Curtis"" game when Timmy and Jimmy arrive."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Hey fellas.
Up the Down Steroid,Stan,"Oh hey Jimmy, hey Timmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmy!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[carries a brochure under his right arm] Say fellas, Jimmy and I were wondering if maybe you would come and cheer for us next S-S-Saturday. We're both competing in the Special Olympics down in Denver."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[approaches Jimmy] The Special Olympics? What's so special about them?
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,They're Olympic games for handicapped people.
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[snickers] What?
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,[hands Cartman the brochure] Timmy and I are competing in a variety of events.
Up the Down Steroid,Stan,"Yeah sure, we'll come cheer you and Timmy on."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"Yeah, that'd be cool."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Thanks a lot, fellas. Well, we gotta get down to the training center and start working out. Word is we have a lot of sssstiff competition this year."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"Well all right, we'll see you on Saturday, guys."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmy! [he and Jimmy walk off.]
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Dude. I can't believe they exploit handicapped people like this. I mean, making them compete against each other just for our amusement."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"...You're an asshole, Cartman."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,What? What'd I do?
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Denver Athletic Club, Denver, day. Inside, the athletes are working out on a variety of equipment. Jimmy and Timmy are at a bench press. Jimmy presses weights as Timmy spots him."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,S-s-six!
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmah.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,S-s-s-ssseven!
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmah. Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,S-s-seven!
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmah! Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[gets back on count, but falters] Ni- I can- I can't! [Timmy helps Jimmy put the weights back on the bar rest] Huff. Oh man. [sits up] Gee whiz, Timmy. It looks like we have some pretty stiff competition this year. [another kid at a nearby bench press laughs] All of the special athletes seem to be in tip-top condition, and I can't even get past seven reps. Oh well, that's it for me, Timmy. I'm p-p-p-pooped. I'll see you in the locker room."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmah. [Jimmy walks away]
Up the Down Steroid,Francis,"Hey Jimmy, g-good luck on Saturday."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[turns and looks] You too, Francis. [looks forward and resumes walking. In a darkened hallway stands a big athlete with an air of hauteur about him]"
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,Hey Jimmy.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Oh he-hey, N-Nathan."
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,"So uh, I see you train pretty hard."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[moves into the hallway and faces Nathan] Yeah, it sure is tough. I'm training really hard, but I'm not improving fast enough, and the Special Olympics are a... week away."
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,"Weeell uh, maybe I can help you out. You know, there are shortcuts."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,What kind of shortcuts?
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,You know. Steroids.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,S-s-ss-s-s-steroids? [Nathan signals him to be quite as another handicapped athlete walks by] ...But aren't those illegal?
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,"Yeah, sure, but these are new. They don't show up in our urine tests."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"So uh, ha-how do they... w-w-work?"
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,[holds out a prescription bottle] You just take one of these little blue babies [holds up three fingers] three times a day [reaches into a fanny pack and pulls out a syringe] and inject this directly into your bloodstream [holds up two fingers] twice a day before meals.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,How much would this cost me?
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,"Uuuh, it isn't cheap. I've gotta keep vice off my back and secure shipments from overseas."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[looks around uneasily] Well... then maybe I'll just use them a-al-little bit. You know, as a performance."
Up the Down Steroid,Nathan,"Oh, whatever you say, Jimmy my friend. [steps closer] Whatever you say. [Jimmy reaches out for the drugs]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Stan's house, front yard. The boys are playing with various toy big rigs. Stan moves a gas truck, Kenny an ambulance, Kyle a tow truck."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[rushes up with the brochure] You guys! You guys! I have the best idea ever! I'm gonna be rich!
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,What?
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Dude, I was just looking at the Special Olympics brochure, and check this shit out: ""At the end of the Special Olympics, a Grand Champion Special Athlete is crowned and given a cash prize of $1000"" [he looks at his friends as his jaw drops]"
Up the Down Steroid,Stan,So?
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"So?! So, dude, think about it. If somebody just pretended to be mentally handicapped, they could easily win the competition and get the thousand bucks!"
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"Oh no. Cartman, no!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"It's flawless! I'll act like I have a disability, and when the time come to compete I'll kick ass against all the handicaps!"
Up the Down Steroid,Stan,"That's really, really terrible, dude."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Terrible?? Whatever! You guys' brains just can't compute complex plans like mine can! It'll work, you'll see. [walks off]"
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,[moves and catches up to Cartman] Cartman! I will not stand by and let you cheat your way to winning the Special Olympics!
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Why?
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,Because! [takes away the brochure]
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"What are you gonna do, Kyle?! Tell on me?! [points an accusing finger at him] Then you'll be a great big no-good double-faced poopy-pants tattle-tale! [lowers it] Is that really how you deal with your problems?! Grow up, Kyle! [turns around and walks off. Kyle seethes in silence. Cartman now talks to himself] All I have to do is make people think I'm handicapped, and I get a thousand dollars. It won't be easy, but nothing worth having ever is."
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"A montage, to the tune of ""Scarface (Put It To The Limit)"" Cartman sits at his computer typing away. Onscreen are his plans for looking handicapped, ""Ways to Appear Handicapped."" He's then at the library poring over piles of books. The librarian wheels a cartload of books over, Cartman points to the spot at which they should be dropped off, and the librarian obliges. Cartman then rides to school in the Special Ed bus, taking notes on the behavior of handicapped students. Next, he's in the bathroom at home contorting his face this way and that, then takes more notes. He leafs through another book and types in more notes into his computer, then pours himself some more coffee."
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Cartman goes to a clothing store looking for ill-fitting clothes. He then cobbles a custom shoe for himself. He goes home and tries it out. He goes to a CGI studio and puts on a motion suit so he can make a 3D model of himself on a computer. He takes the 3D model home and modifies it on his own computer: ""Handicapped Walk Analysis."" He then goes into the bathroom and cuts off clumps of his hair to look as if he were retarded. He goes to the living room and looks at a Kid Rock video for more inspiration and takes notes. He puts on a bicycle helmet and pulls his hair out through the holes. He assembles the various parts of his handicapped outfit and puts it on. He squishes his face upwards for the finishing touch and ties the helmet straps together well below his chin."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Daaaarrrr. Duuuuurrrr. I wanna be in the Special Olympics. [loosens the chin straps and lowers his face to normal] Bull's eye!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Jimmy's house, bedroom, night. Jimmy is at his bed. He straps on a strip of heavy rubberband, dabs his arm a few times with alcohol, jabs the syringe into his arm and injects some liquid steroids into his arm. He loosens the rubber band and someone knocks on his door. He looks around and jumps off his bead."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Oh! Agh! Ju-just a second! [heads for his duffel bag and hauls it to his night stand. The knock is heard again]
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,Jimmy?
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[sweeps the steroids into the bag] Hang on, I'm-I'm, coming. [rushes to the closet and shoves the duffle bag in.]"
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,"Jim, it's your father!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,[walking towards the door] I said I'm coming! Give me a Goddamned s-second! [gasps and realizes he still has the syringe in his mouth and spits it out. He opens the door and sees his father with a cup of coffee.]
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,"Jimmy, were you masturbating?"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"N-no, Dad."
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,"Okay. Well, you have a visitor. [the camera pans down to a pretty girl, who enters the room]"
Up the Down Steroid,Girl,Hi Jimmy.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Oh. Hi, N-N-Nancy."
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,I was hoping we would study for the spelling test tomorrow.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Oh. Sure thing. Come on in.
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,"I didn't know you had a girlfriend, Jim."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Yeah, Dad. We've been going out since we met in Free Period last week."
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,"I'll leave you two alone. [reaches for the door, but stops] Y-You sure you weren't masturbating, Jim? It's okay if you were."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Dad, Jesus C-Christ!"
Up the Down Steroid,Ryan,"Okay, then. [they look at each other]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"A basketball court, day. The boys take turn shooting hoops, but none of them make a basket. Cartman waddles into view in his handicapped getup."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Drrrrrrey drrrrrrrey. [the boys stop and look] Hey guys, what's going on? Drrrrr."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,[low voice] God damn you!
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"You see, gentlemen? The Special Olympics Championship and my one thousand dollars is just four days away. [This means it's Tuesday prior] I'm going to go sign up now."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"No you're not! [whips out the brochure] I read the brochure, Cartman! If you're under eighteen, you have to have a parent with you to sign up for the Special Olympics."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,What?! [takes the brochure back from Kyle]
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"It says right there ""a parent has to be with you to sign up,"" and you'll never get your mom to agree to something so horrible, so ha! [grins confidently. Cartman looks at him, then at the brochure and reads]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, later. Liane is at the kitchen table paying bills. Cartman walks in from the dining room. He puts his arms behind his back."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Moooommmm?
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"Yes, hon? [begins writing a check]"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Um, could I get you to do something for me?"
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"What's that, hon?"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Um, okay. This is goin' ta sound a little strange. Um, but, stick with me. Um, moooommm? Would you mind coming with me to sign up for the Special Olympics so I can beat all the handicapped kids and win a thousand dollars? [Liane looks up and goes pale]"
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"Oh... N- no, sweetie. I believe those Olympics are just for... ""special"" children."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,I'm not special? I thought you always said I was special.
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"You are, hon, but... I don't think that's a very good idea. [writes out another check]"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,...I'll split the money with you. [Liane stops]
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"...I'm sorry, Eric. The answer is No. [Cartman is upset and begins to think a little harder]"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"[walks up to the table] All right, Mom, look. Here's .. the truth. [under his breath] God, this is gonna be hard to say. [normally] I think, Mom, that I've been hard on some of the handicapped kids at school in the past. I've sometimes looked at people with disabilities as people God put here on earth for my amusement, but... now I'm starting to think... that if I could just spend one day in their shoes... if I could just see the challenges they face every day... maybe I wouldn't be so cold. I just want a chance to change. [looks up at her with longing, puppy dog eyes.] Help me change?"
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"Oh, a- a- all right, sweetie, I- I'll take you tomorrow."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Awesome.
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Denver Athletic Club, day. Jimmy and Timmy are in the locker room getting ready to leave."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"You did a great job in the 500, Timmy. You're really im-p-p-proving."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"I think I really got a shot at the gold in the swimming competition. Coach says I'm the fastest he's ever seen. Well, I'll see you nice and early for p-practice, Tim-Tim. Oh, uh, can you hand me my bag?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[slips on his sweater] Timmah! [reaches over for the bag and grabs a handle. The contents spill out, since he didn't grab the other handle, and he sees the steroids drop to the floor. He looks down sadly and holds the bag a litle closer. Jimmy is frozen in place. Timmy's voice shakes] Tim- Timmy?"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Oh, uh, so... hey, Timmy... uh hu-how about we go out for a s-s-soda later? [sweeps the steroids back into the bag. Timmy finds a bottle on his pants and looks at it. Jimmy finishes up and leaves] I'll uh, I-I'll see you later, Tim-Tim."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[turns and exclaims] Timmah... [the tone of voice stops Jimmy]
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[turns] Look it's really none of your b-b-b-beeswax, Timmy!"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[rolls up to Jimmy] Timmah. Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Because I, maybe I don't have what it takes to win with-without them!"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[turns aside and sighs] Timmah. [rolls away a bit] T-T-Timmah.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"You you aren't gonna... tell anybody, are you?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Huh! Timmah! T-Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Look, it's my b-body and it's my choice what I put in it!"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"Timmah! Timmah, Jimmih! [points to himself] Arrrh Timmah! [points to himself] Jimmih!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Don't lecture me on the complexities of sportsmanship. You know as well as I do most of the kids in Special Olympics aren't shooting up to compete. I'm just trying to k-keep up.
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[spent] Huh... Timmah... [holds the bottle out over the floor] Timmah.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[angered] S-s-s-so what are you gonna do now, huh?! You gonna be a fuckin' narc and show that b-bottle to the... coaches?! [Timmy drops the bottle on the ground, turns around and rolls away. Jimmy watches him leave] Don't think you're any better than me, Timmy! I'm just living in the real world! [looks down at the bottle, then kicks the bottle away with his left crutch] Fuck!"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"The Special Olympic Field, next day. Timmy is in the field ready for the javelin throw."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Timmah! [rolls forward and throws the javelin] Aaar-yaaaaah Timmah! [the javelin hits the ground near a coach]
Up the Down Steroid,Coach,"All right, thirty yards, Timmy! Keep it up!"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Oowrrr! Timmah! Livilaye!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,[runs down a track for the long jump] Y-yeess! [jumps into the air and lands]Grrrr!
Up the Down Steroid,Coach 2,"Wuh-wow, Jimmy, I can't believe how much you've improved! You're bigger and stronger than I've ever seen you!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Yeah, I've been working out... r-really hard."
Up the Down Steroid,Coach 2,You keep going like this and you'll break Special Olympics records on Saturday!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"The Special Olympic Field, registration table, moments later. A family of three arrives."
Up the Down Steroid,Man,"Okay, so this is all the stuff we need to sign Michael in?"
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,Yup. Just take the sign-up sheet down to the next table and we'll get it all finalized.
Up the Down Steroid,Woman,Thank you very much.
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,"Thank you! Good luck, Michael."
Up the Down Steroid,Michael,Thanks.
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,"Okay, next in line please?"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"[looking really retarded, steps up to the table with his mom] Naaaa! Daaaaa!"
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,Hello there.
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"Hello. Um, I would like to... sign my son up, please."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Naaaa!
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,"Oh, great! What's his name?"
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,Eric Cartman...
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Caaartmaaan! Daaaaa!
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,Okay. Age?
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,He's nine.
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,"O-kay, and what's his disability?"
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"...Um, he's retarded. [Cartman offers a retarded grin]"
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,"...N-no, I'm asking what his specific condition is. Down's Syndrome? Cerebral palsy?"
Up the Down Steroid,Liane,"Ohhh, oh. I'm not sure. [Cartman looks up with some concern] Sweetie, what is your condition?"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,...How should I know? I'm retarded. Daaaaa!
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,I'll just leave that blank for now.
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"The Special Olympic Field, under the bleachers. Jimmy prepares to inject more steroids into his right arm."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[performs the injection] Yeah, b-bigger, stronger! [Timmy rolls by and hears him, then raises his eyes in alarm]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Timmy rolls to Mr. Mackey's office, sighs and knocks."
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"[opens the door] Oh, hi Timmy. Come on in. [Timmy follows Mr. Mackey in] I understand you have somethin' important you wanna talk to me about, m'kay?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[leans forward and begins] Timmy.
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Well, Timmy, as your counselor, I want you to know that you can tell me anything, m'kay? And whatever's troublin' you, I wanna try and, and help you with it."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[sighs and begins again] Timmy.
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Mmm'kay, right, you're Timmy. ...Yo-you have a problem?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[shakes his head vigorously] No Timmy, Jimmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,Ji-Jimmy?
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[showing his frustration] Haaa! [remembers something] Oh, oh! [wheels over to a class picture of the fourth graders. Jimmy is at one end of the front row, with Mr. Garrison behind him. Timmy reaches up and points] Jimmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, Jimmy Valmer! Oh, okay, what about him?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[rolls back and tries to get the story out with gestures. He demonstrates Jimmy asking for his bag] Timmah! Timmah, uh, Jimmih. [demonstrates himself handing the bag to Jimmy and seeing the contents fall out] Hey Timmy, Timmah Tim-oh! Tim-Timmah! [shows his reaction to the steroids] Timmmah? Jimmih! Jimmih. [demonstrates the argument between the two] Jimmih Timmah Timmah? Timmah, Timmah! Jimmih... Jimmih! Jimmih! Timmah! [demonstrates the bottle being dropped] Timmah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"[confused] Mmmmm'kaaay. I don't quite follow, Timmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Argh. Jimmy...
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Right, Jimmy Valmer."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"Uh. [demonstrates himself minding his own business when he sees Jimmy shooting up in the shadows], Timmah Jimmih Jimmih Jim- [demonstrates the injection, then flexes his muscles and takes a sinister tone] Jimmh Timmah Timmah Jimmih!"
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Right. He's Jimmy, yeah."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[really frustrated] Haaaaaaaaaah!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Cartman types away at his computer. Screen reads: How I Will Spend My One Thousand Dollars By Eric Cartman. A knock on his door is heard."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Enter. [Kyle enters, and walks up next to Cartman]"
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"Cartman, I really, really have a problem with what you're doing. I object to it morally, and I find it grossly offensive. [they look at each other and Cartman closes a book he had open for reference]"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Go on, Kyle."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"I know that I often have serious moral objections to the things that you do, but... this time I think you really need to reconsider, because if you do this, I believe you will go to hell. So I feel it is my responsibility, as your friend, to tell people what you're doing, and to put a stop to it!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Well, Kyle, I understand where you're coming from, and I appreciate you being so direct. Um, the thing is, you really have kind a warped view on morality because you're Jewish. Now, Kyle, you haven't gone to see Mel Gibson's film, The Passion of the Jew."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"I didn't come here to talk about The Passion, Cartman!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Let me finish. If you had seen The Passion you would know that Hell is reserved for the Jews, and all those who don't accept Christ. That being the case, it is actually me who is worried about your soul."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,I came here to talk about you!
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Yes. [hops off his seat and consoles Kyle] And instead you had to break through yourself. This is really the beginning of a whole new chapter of your life, Kyle. [whispers] Good luck. [after a few seconds, Kyle turns around and goes to leave. He opens the door, turns around to say something but instead walks out. Cartman just hums a tune, goes back to the computer and reads some more.]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Jimmy's house. He's working out on a bench press in his room. A mirror sits next to him.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Come on, push it! Push it! [he pushes the weights onto the bar rest and sits up. He checks his musculature out in the mirror] Yeah. Nice p-pecs. Sweet b-biceps. [the door opens and Nancy enters]"
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,"Jimmy, I thought we were meeting at the doughnut shop."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"The Games are in two days, Nancy. I can't be w-wasting my time."
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,I guess I didn't realize I was a waste of time.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Oh Jesus! [lays back down and takes up the weights] You gonna start running your mouth off again? [begins new reps] P-push it! Push it!
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,"Jimmy, everyone's worried about you. You seem... different."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,They-they're all just... jealous.
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,You're not the boy I fell in love with last week during Free Period. I'm leaving you.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[quickly rests the weights and sits up] You're not leaving me! You try to leave me and I'll kill you, bitch!"
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,You can't treat people like this!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[gets up and walks over to Nancy, then begins beating her with his crutches. She wails] I said, shut your mouth, bitch! Why did you make me do it, huh?! [he grabs her by the throat and throws her head against the floor a few times, then whacks her on the side of the head a few times.] You're not leavin' anybody! You just keep your G-Goddamned mouth shut and do what you're t-t-t-uh-tol-told! [resumes beating her. His mom opens the door to see what's the matter]"
Up the Down Steroid,Sarah,"Jimmy What the? [tries to stop the beating] Jimmy, oh my God!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[uppercuts his mother off and heads for the door] Stay away from me, you stupid b-b-b-bitches! [walks down the hall, hits the walk with his right crutch, and breaks down.] No! God! [collapses on his back and bawls]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Saturday morning at the Special Olympics stadium.
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"Welcome, everyone, to the 2004 Special Olympics! [the crowd cheers. The boys are there, as promised] We will be holding various throughout the day, and at the end of it all we will have some very special celebrity athletes here to present the trophy for top athlete, along with the cash prize of one thousand dollars."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[flexes his right bicep] Top athlete, yeah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"One thousand dollars, yeah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Host,So let's have all our athletes report to their first assigned events and... Let the Games begin! [The crowd cheers wildly]
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"First event, Track and Field, 100-meter dash."
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,Will those athletes in heat 1 of the hundred-meter dash please report to Track Area B.
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer 2,"Okay, racers, are we ready? [raises her firing pistol] Take your marks."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[hobbles into the fifth position on the track] Daaaa! Daaaa!
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer 2,On your marks! Get set! Go! [the runners take off. Cartman quickly falls behind]
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Whoa. What the hell?? [the girl in position 6 breaks the tape. Cartman hobbles past the finish line four seconds later]
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer 2,"Great job, everyone. [points to the runners who were in positions 6, 2, and 4] You three advance to the next heat. [the group leaves]"
Up the Down Steroid,Winner,All right!
Up the Down Steroid,Blond Boy,Good Job.
Up the Down Steroid,Blonde Girl,We did it!
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Well, guess I'll, guess I'll just have to kick ass in the other events."
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"""Put It To The Limit"" begins to play again. Cartman is in a swimming competition now, but again, he's struggling in last place. Jimmy lifts a bar laden with weights successfully in the clean-and-jerk competition, then throws the bar down."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Yeeessss! [walks back and forth happily] Yes! Yes!
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,"He's got it! That's a new Special Olympics record, folks! [Timmy is understandably unimpressed and pissed off]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Back to Track and Field events, 100-meter hurdles. Cartman is again last."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[trips over a hurdle] God-damnit!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Back to Swimming events. Jimmy takes his heat easily.
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,"Winner, Jimmy Valmer! [Jimmy flexes his left arm and scrambles out of the water. Timmy is more pissed off]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, pole-vault. a Special Olympian runs up to the posts, plants his pole in the square mark, and clears the bar successfully. Cartman steps up to the straight track with his pole."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"All right, this one I can win! [drops his pole, takes off his helmet and gives it to another athlete] Here, hold this! [takes up his pole and aims] I'll show you Goddamned retards! [runs up to the posts, plants his pole, and sails up, but the pole won't straighten out. It flexes a few time before it breaks, sending Cartman back down to the track, where he lands on his back]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, 100-meter hurdles. Jimmy increases his lead over the competition."
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, javelin throw. An athlete runs up to the edge and throws his javelin. His tongue hangs out. Timmy rolls up and throws his javelin. Cartman runs up and throws his, but it lands just far enough for him to still touch the tail end of it."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,God-damnit!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, triple jump. Jimmy jumps and lands at 18.5 feet, skids a foot more, then stops and waits for the score."
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,That's another Special Olympics record!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[raises his arms and crutches up in victory] Yeah! Yeah! [turns around] Yeah, I did it! [turns around] Yeah! Yeah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Early evening at the Special Olympics stadium. The sun has set and some of the crowd is back on the field.
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"Ladies and Gentlemen, our day of competition has come to an end, and we have an ultimate grand special champion for 2004! Here to present the award are baseball legends Mark McGuire, Jason Giambi, and Barry Bonds. [the three players come out and walk to the podium. All of them are buff]"
Up the Down Steroid,Bonds,The 2004 special athlete is... Jimmy Valmer.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[raises up his left arm and crutch] Yeah! Fuck yeah! [Timmy sits nearby with his arms crossed, glaring at Jimmy. Jimmy walks up to the podium] Yeah, I did it! I'm the b-bub-best! [Bonds hands Jimmy the medal. The host returns to the podium]"
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"Congratulations, Jimmy. But we all know that the Special Olympics isn't just about winning. And so, we will now give out the Spirit Award, to the handicapped person who came in very last. Eric Cartman!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Ah, screw you hippies!"
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"For winning the Spirit Award, Eric will receive this gift certificate to Shakey's for fifty dollars! Come on up, Eric!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"...I could pile at Shakey's, heck. [puts on his helmet and walks up] Uh, Drrrr! Drrrr!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[confronts Cartman] Hey! Just what the hell do you think you're doing, Eric?!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"[humbly] Uhh, hehe. Uh de-duhhhh."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"You f-f f-faked being handicapped to win?! [grabs Cartman by the collar] I should kick your ass right here, you lousy no-good ch-ch-cheater!"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[approaches] Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,What?
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[points to Jimmy] Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[thinks a moment] Oh my God. You-you're right, Timmy. You're totally right. [walks up to the mic and begins talking]"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Everyone, can I have your attention, please? [everyone falls silent] I'm afraid I have to give back my medal. The truth is, I haven't been playing fair either. I've been using st-steroids. I was willing to do anything to be the best, and the steroids made me blind to the people I was hurting. [a shot of Nancy, injured and taped around the head. She smiles] A good friend even tried to talk me out of it, and I wouldn't listen to him. [a shot of Timmy, who smiles and shows off his silver medal. Others around him wear bronzes.] Taking steroids is just like pretending to be handicapped at the Special Olympics. [a shot of a chastened Cartman before the baseball players]"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Because you're taking all the fairness out of the game. But I know now that even if you do win on steroids, you're really not a winner. You're just a p-pussy. You're just a [shot of Mark McGuire] big fat p-p-pussy, and if you take steroids, the only decent thing to do is come forward and say, [shot of Barry Bonds] ""Remove me from the record books, because I am a big, stinky p-pussy- "" [shot of Jason Giambi] ""-steroid-taking jackass."" [Giambi nods ever so subtly] That's how I feel about myself, and why I must decline this medal and my place in the history books. And if you'll let me, I'll be back next year. To compete with honor. [applause rises from the stands, followed by cheers. The volunteers and baseball players gather around Jimmy]"
Up the Down Steroid,McGuire,Hey kid. Good for you for being honest.
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,The stands. Cartman walks up to his friends.
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Well guys, I guess now you see what I was up to all along. I dressed up like a handicapped person and lost the Special Olympics on purpose, so that Jimmy could learn his lesson about steroids. [he looks at Kyle and then Stan for a reaction, but neither offers any. He frowns, then steps forward angrily] Eh, oh yeah?! We- well you guys are assholes! [straightens up] Grow up! [walks off in a huff]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. A minivan rocks gently on the street. Inside, the boys make their interpretations of spaceship noises. Being the good boys that they are, they're strapped in. They're wearing football helmets and makeshift Starfleet uniforms."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[in the driver's seat] Captain Cartman reporting from Shuttlecraft Spontaneity. Approaching planet Omega Nine.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Warp drive disengaged. Landing sequence initiated.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"What kind of atmosphere are you reading on the planet surface, Jew?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I'm a Vulcan!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"All right, what kind of atmosphere are you reading, Vulcan Jew?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[looking into an imaginary viewer] The atmosphere is oxygen-based, should support our breathing."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"All right, hang on. We're about to land. [the boys make landing noises, with Stan finishing off with a thump. Cartman removes his seatbelt] Okay, First Officer Stan and Engineer Kenny, you come with me on the away team. Vulcan Jew Kyle will wait here."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,No! I'm on the away team too! [he and Kenny remove their belts]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[looks back] It's my Mom's new minivan, so I'm the captain, Kyle!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I don't care! You're not making me wait in the van again!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Fine, Kyle! But if something goes wrong out there on the planet surface, don't hold me responsible."
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,The side door slides open. Cartman leads the other three out.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Set phasers on stun.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Things seem pretty quiet.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Yes. A little too quiet.
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I am picking up carbon-based life forms in Sector C. I believe we will find a village of peaceful aliens over that ridge. [Cartman sighs silently]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Okay, fine, I guess we'll look for- Oh no!! Look out! It's a giant four-headed lava frog! Shoot it! [the boys take their positions and start firing away] Oh no, it got Kyle!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,[stops firing and stands still] No it doesn't. [the other boys continue with their phaser noises]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Aw, it got Kyle and it's tearing his head off! [pretends to be the monster ripping Kyle's head off] Aw you guys, it looks like Kyle is done for!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"No I'm not! God damn it Cartman, you're not gonna kill me off again!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Agh! You see guys, this is why you don't bring Jews along on the away team: they don't play along!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Shut up about Jews, fatass! You don't know anything!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh God, here we go again."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! I saw Mel Gibson's movie, The Passion, and Mel Gibson says, in the movie, Jews are the Devil!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,He does not!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"How do you know?! I've seen The Passion thirty-four times now, Kyle! You haven't seen it once! There's even one part where the Jews have a chance to save Jesus, and you know what they do? They let Barabbas, a serial killer, go free instead and laugh about it."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,Naw uh!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Go see the movie, Kyle!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,That does it! I'm sick of you guys arguing about The Passion! I'm out of here.
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Me too!) [they leave]
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I'm not arguing about The Passion! He's being an asshole!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"You know what it is? You're scared. You're scared of the truth. You don't want that movie to show you just how bad the Jews are, and why everyone hates you."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,People don't hate the Jews!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[focuses Kyle's attention to him] Really? Three hundred million domestic box-office, Kyle. The top-grossing film of all time, Kyle. Those numbers don't lie. If you're not scared of The Passion then go see it. Go see it and tell me I'm wrong. Mel Gibson, Kyle. Mel Gibson."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,...You're a stupid asshole! [turns and walks off. Cartman turns left and glances at Kyle]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Sweet, now I can just play with myself. [fires off his phaser] Pewpeww-pewww! Get back in the shuttlecraft! [races into the minivan]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. Mel Gibson's The Passion of The Christ is now playing. Kyle walks up to the ticket booth, stops, turns back, stops again, and steps up to the window. He gives the ticket salesman $10."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,One please.
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,This is an R-rated movie.
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Yeah, I know, but I have to-"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"But, because this is such an important film that actually depicts the selfless act of Jesus Christ, I'll let you in to see it."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"...Thanks. [makes his way towards the doors, glancing back at the cashier in wonder]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, inside. Kyle enters and makes his way to a seat. He watches."
The Passion of the Jew,Soldier 1,Hac bashtud Christo.
The Passion of the Jew,Soldier 2,Et lac Hesus. Belaca veshtad.
The Passion of the Jew,Jesus,"Wa! [the whipping begins and Jesus screams. This goes on for a long time. Kyle's mouth widens, his eyes get bigger. The next scene, he's got his coat over his mouth and he's almost in a fetal position. The next scene has him turned to his left, grimacing, his hat pulled over his ears as he winces. The next scene has him trembling]"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,Haaaah! [Next scene has Kyle with his eyes squeezed shut and his hands over his face. He's now curled up in a ball]
The Passion of the Jew,Jesus,"Non. Non. Nono, non, non, WAAAAHH!! [the whipping continues and Kyle dares to peek again. His stomach reacts and he vomits. The next scene has him almost passed out with vomit dribbling from his chin. The film ends and Kyle doesn't move.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, outside. Kyle walks outside in a daze."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,How? How could the Jews do that to Jesus?
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"Pretty brutal, isn't it? Kinda wanna make you change your life, huh?"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's on the couch eating cereal."
The Passion of the Jew,Announcer,"And now, back to Terrance and Phillip. [the doorbell rings]"
The Passion of the Jew,Phillip,"Hey Terrance, I think I have a-"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Mom! Doorbell!
The Passion of the Jew,Terrance,"Wait, before you do, pull my thumb. [a second laughter and laughter is heard.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[the doorbell rings] Mom! Answer the door!
The Passion of the Jew,Terrance,"Hey Phillip, guess what?"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"God damn it, lazy-ass whore. [gets up and answers the door himself.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Phillip,What?
The Passion of the Jew,Terrance,Faaart.[Terrance farts. Cartman opens the door and sees Kyle soaking wet from the heavy rain]
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"You were right. You were right all along. I thought you were just an asshole when you ripped on Jews, but... I didn't know, I... I didn't know."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"It's okay, Kyle. It's okay. Just... say that first part again?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"You were, you were right?"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[closes his eyes and relishes the moment] Mmm, one more time, Kyle."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,You were right. [Cartman opens his eyes and beams brightly]
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, his bedroom. Cartman's on his knees."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"I want to thank you for all the blessings you have brought me. You have shown me the way so many times in the past and... now you are making all my dreams come true. You give me strength when there is doubt, and I praise you for all you have done. [a shot of Mel Gibson's poster, without the ""Braveheart"" on it.] Only you, Mel Gibson, have had the wisdom and the courage to show the world the truth. From this day forward I will dedicate my life to making sure your film is seen by everyone. I will organize the masses so that we may do thy bidding. Hail Mel Gibson. Amen."
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,Stan's house. He and Kenny are in his bedroom reading a newspaper.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Look at that, dude. The Passion has made almost 400 million dollars at the box office now."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Goddamn.)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,[rises] Everyone in the country's gonna see that movie. I guess... we have to go see it too.
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. No clouds around. Stan and Kenny sit inside in the middle, looking at the movie. The movie ends."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Dude. That movie sucked.
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,"(Yeah, it totally sucked!)"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,How can they even call that a movie?
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(I don't know!)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"That's bullcrap dude, let's go get our money back."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Yeah!) [they leave their seats]
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, outside. A couple emerges."
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Wow, I didn't realize how horrible Christ's death was."
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"Me neither. Oh honey, let's be good Christians from now on! [they walk off, screen left. A second couple emerges]"
The Passion of the Jew,Man 1,"[brown shirt, green sweater] I think if more people saw The Passion they'd have faith in Jesus."
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 1,"[orange blouse, necklace] Yeah, it really guilt-trips you into believing. [they walk off, screen right. Stan and Kenny come out and approach the window]"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Hey, we want our money back."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Huh?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,That movie sucked ass. Give us back our eighteen dollars.
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,I can't refund your money. You sat through the whole movie.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"That wasn't a movie, that was a snuff film!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Yeah!)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,You can't charge people to watch a guy get tortured for two hours!
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"That guy happened to be Jesus, and he went through all that to pay for your sins!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"We go to church to learn that stuff! We go to movies to be entertained! We weren't entertained, and we want our money back!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,I'm not allowed to give you your money back after you sat through the whole movie! You'd have to take your complaint up with the film's producers.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,W-what? Mel Gibson? You're saying we have to get our money back from Mel Gibson?
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Yeah. I'd like to see you try.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh, we will! This is America! And in America, if something sucks, you're supposed to be able to get your money back! Come on, Kenny! [he and Kenny storm off]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Kyle tosses and turns while asleep. Scenes from the movie fill his mind: Jesus carrying the cross past the high priests, who have scowling faces. Flashes of Renaissance Passion art go by."
The Passion of the Jew,Priests,"Kill him! Guilty! Kill him! [sketches of a nail driven through the left palm are animated, then a realistic view of Jesus crucified] Kill him! Kill him! Die!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Kill Jesus! Yesss! Arrrgh! [a spear pierces Jesus' side. The one piercing him is Kyle himself, who seems to be relishing this, as he pierces Jesus a few more times. A review of images, then an image of Alan Alda, and Kyle wakes up frightened. After a few screams he looks around]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan and Kenny are at Stan's computer."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Okay, search for Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson bio, Mel Gibson news, Mel Gibson... home page. Here we go. [clicks on the link] Welcome to Mel Gibson's ThePassion.com, your source for everything Mel. Pictures, philosophy, upcoming projects. Damn it, no phone number! Oh wait! ""For more information on Mel Gibson, call the Webmaster at 1-800-43.."" Okay, okay, wait, here we go. [picks up the phone and dials in]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,MEL GIBSON FAN CLUB LINE
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,The phone rings. Cartman answers.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Mel Gibson's The Passion Fan Club.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Hi, uh, my friend and I just went to see The Passion."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Uh huh, and so you want to join the fan club now. Our first meeting is at 5:30 p.m."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"No, no, no, no, we want our money back."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,What?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,We think the movie sucked and we want Mel Gibson to give us back our eighteen dollars. Do you know how we can get in touch with him?
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"You thought it sucked? Sir, apparently, you don't understand what Mel Gibson was trying to do! He was trying to express, through cinema, the horror and filthiness of the common Jew. It has made people the world over open their eyes."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Look, kid, we just thought it was a bad movie, so tell us how to get in touch with Mel Gibson so we can get our money back!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"If I knew where Mel Gibson was, I'd be down on the floor licking his balls at this very moment, sir. All I know is he lives somewhere in Malibu. Now stop wasting me and Mel Gibson's time, you little wussy prick."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Hey, don't take that tone with me, kid! I'll kick your ass!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! I'd like to see you try, asshole! I'm like six feet tall!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,I don't care! You sound like a little bitch to me!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Bitch?! Don't call me bitch! I'll pop your fuckin' head open!
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Yeah?! You wanna bring it, you little pussy?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"I already brought it, bitch! I brought it, set it down on the table and opened it, bitch!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"[in recognition] Wait a minute. Cartman?! [realizing he's been recognized, Cartman is speechless]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Eup. [hangs up and skulks away]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"[packing] Come on, Kenny, we're going to Malibu!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Malibu? But how?)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"We'll take the bus! Look, this isn't about the eighteen dollars ticket money anymore. This is about being able to hold bad filmmakers responsible! [He leads Kenny out of his room] This is just like when we got our money back for BASEketball!"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Cartman dons a Nazi outfit, taking care to look sharp."
The Passion of the Jew,Liane,"Eric, sweetie, there's a bunch of people showing up in our backyard saying something about a meeting?"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Yeah Mom, I'm holding a meeting for all the people who loved The Passion as much as I did."
The Passion of the Jew,Liane,"Oh, that's great, sweetie."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[turns right so his profile will look sharp as well] Tell them I'll be down shortly
The Passion of the Jew,Liane,"Okay, hon."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[wields his short whip]Töten sie die Juden. Wir können nicht still stehen bis sie alle tot sind! Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready to do thy bidding, Mel Gibson. [a shot of the poster.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard. Some people are seated, others chat, others help themselves to chips and fingerfoods."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 1,"Hello, are you folks holding this Passion meeting?"
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"No. Actually, we're guests as well. I'm Jack Garrett and this is my wife Elise."
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,Hello.
The Passion of the Jew,Man 2,I think it's so great that someone took the initiative to have a meeting like this.
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,Oh I agree. There are so many of us who are moved by The Passion. It's a perfect idea to have us organize so we can strengthen the Christian community.
The Passion of the Jew,Man 2,And apparently the organizer is just an eight year old boy who was touched by the film.
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Leave it to a child to show us all the way, huh?"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"Yeah, so I see this ad on the Internet saying if you love The Passion to come to this meeting, so here I am!"
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 2,It's great that everyone came here to figure out how to use The Passion to enrich everyone's lives. [Cartman approaches the dais.]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Ah, hello everyone. Achtung. [the last few standing people take their seats] My name is Eric Cartman and I'm the President of the Mel Gibson Fan Club. [applause] Ah thank you, thank you. I'm happy to see that all of you.were affected by The Passion like I was. Now, we all know why we're here, and I believe we all what needs to be done."
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 3,[in pink dress] We sure do. [the crowd voices its approval]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"But, I think it's best we don't talk out loud about it until we have most of them on the trains heading to the camps. [the guests fall silent]"
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"[in orange blouse] Wha- what does that mean, sweetie?"
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"I'm not sure, but- uh. [stands up] Folks, I just wanna interrupt for a second and say how remarkable it is that this little boy brought us all together. The Passion is causing a revolution of spirituality, and we owe Mel Gibson and this little boy our thanks. [the crowd voices its approval]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[bows a few times] Thank you, thank you very much. Now, in order to do what we [his face turns ugly] all know needs to be done, we are first going to need more support. I think we should all go out and take at least one other person to see The Passion."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 3,"Oh, what a great idea! We each make it our responsibility to convert one more person!"
The Passion of the Jew,Guests,"Heheh, great! Yeah! Great idea."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Yes, and then we can begin the cleansing, if you know what I mean."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,We sure do!
The Passion of the Jew,Guests,Yeah. All right. Woohoo!
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Mel's Malibu mansion, day. A rusty Beetle rolls up to the front security gate, stops, and lets out some passengers, then rolls away. Stan and Kenny remain."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Thank you. [looks over his Map To The Stars' Homes] This must be the place. [they walk through a side door right under a guard's nose. He fails to notice them. They walk up the driveway and past the massive fountain] Goddamn, Mel Gibson must be loaded. [rings the doorbell. The door opens and Mel appears]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Yes?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh, hi, uh, my name is Stan, and this is Kenny."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Hello.)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Uh, we saw your movie, The Passion, and we didn't like it, so, can we have our money back, please?"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"You can't not like The Passion! I just followed the Bible! Christ died for you. Go home. [leaves, but the boys follow him in.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Mel Gibson's mansion, inside."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Look, dude, we came a long way. We're not leaving until you give us our money."
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"Oh yeah? Well you're gonna have to find it first. [unbuttons his shirt] But I won't tell you where I keep my money. [takes off his shirt] You can torture me all you want, I still won't tell you!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Tor- torture you?
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[removes his pants and socks] Ha! So you do intend to torture me, huh?! [runs up to a torture rack and lies down in it] Well go ahead! Do your worst! [shackles himself in] You still won't get your ticket money back! I can take whatever you can dish out!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,We don't want to torture you.
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"I get it, but you don't have a choice, is that it?! Well go ahead! I just sure hope you don't use those whips over there on the wall!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Dude, can we please just have the eighteen dollars back from you?"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[unshackles himself and walks up to the boys] I have to use that money to build my church! I brought the fire and brimstone back to Christianity with The Passion and now I'm gonna start my own church! And do you know why?! So I can play banjo! [whips out a hat and banjo, puts on the hat, and starts playing] Jesus, oh how I love ya, how I love ya Jesus!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Dude, this guy is freakin' daffy!"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"How dare you call me crazy! This means war! [jumps up and whoops like an Indian, twirls around a few times, and fires off blanks at the boys. Stan and Kenny run]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"South Park Church, rectory. Fr. Maxi sits at his desk explaining things to Kyle."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"And so it was that God sent his only son down from heaven, to die for our sins."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Oh okay, but did God sent Jesus TO die, or did Jesus just get kind of screwed over."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"...What is troubling you, my child?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Well, I have this friend, see? And this friend belongs to a certain, Chosen People of Israel. And it... so happens that these chosen people killed your Lord."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,Ah! You mean he's a Jew!
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Right. But he can't live with the guilt anymore. Because, even if Jesus wasn't really the Son of God, he was still a nice guy. And he didn't deserve what happened to him in Mel Gibson's movie. I I can't sleep at night. I mean, my... friend can't sleep at night."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"Yes, The Passion is very powerful. The truth is, there's not a whole lot in the Bible about the Crucifixion. The Passion was actually done as a performance piece back in the Middle Ages to incite people against the Jews."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,But how can the Jews make it better??
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"Well, if you really care about your friend's soul, then perhaps show him the way of Jesus. Remember: Christianity is about atonement."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Wait. That's it. Atonement. Of course. [gets off the chair] I know what I have to do now. Thank you, Father. [turns and walks out]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Back at Mel's mansion, Stan and Kenny are still running from Mel, who's chasing after them in a cartoonish way. Mel passes a mirror, then gets back to it a second later."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan and Kenny,Aaaah!
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"Two days ago, I saw a vehicle that would haul that tanker. You wanna get outta here? Talk to me. [resumes hopping like a mad rabbit]"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Mel Gibson is fucking crazy dude! [catches a glimpse of a wallet on a table] Wait! There's his wallet! [runs up to it with Kenny]
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Freedom! [Stan grabs the wallet and rifles through it]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Awww crap, he's only got twenties! You got two dollars, Kenny? [Kenny hands Stan $2]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Jesus is Lord! [Stan puts the $2 in and takes out $20]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"All right, let's get the hell out of here! [heads for the doors and opens one. Mel dances in wearing a Carmen Miranda outfit. Stan and Kenny head for another pair of doors. Stan opens it and Mel enters dressed as a clown]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"When you're a clown, nobody takes you seriously!"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,Outside.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Aah! Run, dude, run!"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[hopping out behind them, in Braveheart face paint and wielding a sword] K'plagh! K'plagh! And good evening, frieeeeeeends!"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. A large cross is erected atop the Bijou sign. A crowd gathers and acclaims it."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"One month ago today, this amazing film opened in theaters. And now, we proud few gather here as a people brought together by its message! [some applause] Fellow fans of Mel Gibson, our numbers have grown and now, together, we have the power to change the world! [the crowd applauds] Now I believe we should take to the streets and march in unwavering support of this important movie!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Woah! Great idea!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 3,It'll be like a parade!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 4,Good idea!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"And as we march for The Passion we should also voice our support! So, when I say ""Es ist Zeit für Säuberung,"" you all chant back ""Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten."""
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"Well, what does that mean, dear?"
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Oh, I think it's Aramaic. You know, like in the movie."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"Ooo, Aramaic. Cool."
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Neato! That'll be awesome. Great!
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,What was our Aramaic line again?
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[pounds the table a few times] Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!! [his hair gets messed up from the impacts]
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,"[repeats, gaining confidence with each syllable] Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit fër Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten.
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"Oh, this is fun! [smiles]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[picks a mark in front of the crowd] All right, everyone! Forward, march! [they all move forward] Es ist Zeit für Rache!"
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit für Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Nice.
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"A synagogue. A service is going on, and the synagogue is full."
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,"Shalom hak nak shalom. And now one of our fine young shlokas, Kyle Broflovski, has asked if he could speak to the congregation. [Kyle approaches the lectern]"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Thank you, rabbi. [Sheila smiles and gets Gerald's attention. Kyle clears his throat.] In 1973, the United States officially issued an apology to the African American community for slavery. In 1956, Germany officially apologized for World War II AND the Holocaust. And now, I believe, in 2004, the Jewish community needs to apologize for the death of Jesus."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 4,What? [others murmur their shock]
The Passion of the Jew,Sheila,Whatwhatwhaaat?!
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"If we as a people choose not to believe that Jesus is the Son of God, then we can still apologize for the brutal way in which he was killed, and take our share of the responsibility for it."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 5,Oh my God! [the other congregants groan]
The Passion of the Jew,Gerald,"Kyle, what on earth has gotten into you?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I saw The Passion!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 6,Oh no! The Passion?! [others murmur]
The Passion of the Jew,Man 7,This proves the anti-Semitic effect that movie is having!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 8,"Yeah, it makes Jews into stereotypes."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 9,Stereotyping Jews is terrible.
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 4,Something must be done to stop that movie!
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,"Now, now, everyone calm down. We live in a rational community, and everyone knows this is just a movie. There's no cause for alarm."
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,[from outside] Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[from outside] Es ist Zeit für Rache! [congregants rise and face the doors in the back, others look out the windows. They see Cartman leading a march past the synagogue]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit für Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,"Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten! [the rabbi and his congregants look on, confused]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit für Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The southwest, desert territory. A tour bus heads east, with Stan and Kenny riding inside."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Well it looks like with these bus tickets we spend about eighty... seven dollars getting our money back from Mel Gibson. [net loss, sixty-nine dollars] But I think it's the principle of the thing that matters."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Yeah. I agree.) [a truck horn blows and Stan stands to see who it is. Kenny joins him]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh, you've got to be shittin' me. [Mel Gibson closes in fast in his Mad Max gas truck and wearing Braveheart face paint]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Give me back my money! [blows his horn again]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Goddamn, that guy's crazy. [hops off his seat and runs up to the driver] Hey dude, you've gotta speed up."
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,Huh?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Mel Gibson is chasing after us. You've gotta go faster.
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,"Haha, very funny, kid. Sit down and stop playing games."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"I'm not playing games. Mel Gibson is right behind you and he's gonna- [Mel plows into the bus, making both vehicles screech. The riders sway in their seats]"
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,What the hell?
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,[shaking his fist in the air] Haaaa! K'Plaaaa!
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,Hey! That's Mel Gibson!
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Yeah. I told you that!
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,"Well, what the hell does he want?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"He wouldn't give us our money back for The Passion, so we kinda took it."
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,You didn't like The Passion? But it shows how Christ suffered for you. Mel Gibson is a very spiritual man. [Mel rams into them again]
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, night. The synagogue's congregation moves quickly down the street towards the theater."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[to his parents] Both you guys, stop! Please. You're gonna make people hate us more!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Can I help you?
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,This movie is causing anti-Semitism! You must remove it from your theater!
The Passion of the Jew,Congregants,That's right! Yeah! Remove your movie!
The Passion of the Jew,Shlomo,Remove it from the theater? Fat chance!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 10,We demand you stop showing it!
The Passion of the Jew,Congregants,Yeah! Yeah!
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[facing the congregants] No, no, no! Don't become an angry mob! [behind him Cartman is seen leading his mob to the theater] The last time we did that we killed Jesus!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[points] Juden!
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,What's going on here?
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,They're trying to have The Passion pulled from the theater.
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,This film is anti-Semitic and it must be stopped!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 11,Nonsense! Mel Gibson is a smart and spiritual man! There's nothing anti-Semitic about it!
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,It has reaffirmed all of our faith in Christ.
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,It's made one of our little Jewish boys want to apologize for the death of Jesus!
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Well, maybe you should apologize."
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,That's right! What he said.
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 5,"How dare you?! [the sound of a truck is faintly heard, but gets stronger.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[noticing] Look out!! [The crowds move to the other side of the street as the tour bus skids to a stop just past the theater. Mel Gibson roars into town and crashes into the ticket booth, and his gas truck blows up. The crowds crawl out of their safety places and merge]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Give me my eighteen dollars!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Mel! Gibson! [brightens and approaches him, then grovels at his feet] Oh mein Savior! Mein Führer! You're actually here! Mr. Gibson, I have assembled the masses! We are ready to do thy bidding! [grovels some more] Have I been a good boy, Mr. Gibson?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"Ha! [ignores Cartman and walks up to Stan and Kenny] So! You boys have led me here to your secret base, huh? I guess now you're gonna start torturing me! Well! [grabs his nipples and falls on his knees. The crowd steps back as he twists his nipples] Oh, my nipples are so tender! Don't squeeze them anymore!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,That's... Mel Gibson?
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,H- he's not... quite as eloquent as I had pictured.
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[backs up towards a building] Yeah... [grabs a piece of crap from his ass and removes it from his briefs, turns around, and defaces the building] I'll bet you wanna torture me now, don't you?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[joins Stan and Kenny] Dude, what's wrong with him?"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"He's koo-koo, dude. He's absolutely out of his mind."
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"You! You would all love to torture me, wouldn't you? [gets down on all fours and hoists his ass up] Okay, fine. See what you can fit in there, I can take it!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,Dude! I've been freaked out this whole time because of that guy's movie?
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[rises and walks up to the boys] Fine! If nobody here is man enough to torture me, then just give me my eighteen dollars!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,It's our eighteen dollars! Your movie sucked!
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"You can't say my movie sucked, or else you're saying Christianity sucked!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"No, dude, if you wanna be Christian, that's cool, but, you should follow what Jesus taught instead of how he got killed. Focusing on how he got killed is what people did in the Dark Ages and it ends up with really bad results."
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"You know, he's right, Elise. We shouldn't focus our faith on the torture and execution of Christ."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Yeah. Lots of people got crucified in those times. We shouldn't rely on violence to inspire faith.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Aw, aw, no, come on, people, we're so close to completing my final solution!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Oh, dude, I feel so much better about being Jewish now that I see that Mel Gibson is just a big wacko douche. [a grinning Mel squats and farts on Cartman, defecating on Cartman]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Woohoohoo! Woohoohoohoohoo! [hops towards the camera.]
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The True Value parking lot somewhere in South Park, day. The boys are playing with motorized toy cars."
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,"Dude, these little remote-controlled cars are kickass. [a car goes up a ramp and jumps off]"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Sweet. I made mine go off the jump. [Stan's car is uncooperative]
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Dude, my car sucks. I gotta get a new one. [some kids come up behind Stan]"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,"Hey, who are those kids?"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan and Cartman turn to see. The crew of five approach and stop. Their leader, dressed in grays, steps forth with his boombox and sets it down, presses ""Play,"" and steps back into the crew. A rap begins to play and the crew begins to dance."
You Got F'd in the A,Boombox,"Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Daaance, sucka! [brief instrumental] Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance-"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Yeah, how you like that y'all! [Stan and his friends merely look on]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,[dressed in red] Let's bring it to these losers.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,Aww yeah!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The OC crew leader dances forward and does some gymnastics moves in Stan's face.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Whatchoo got, huh?! You got nothin'!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The OC crew leader does some more moves and steps backwards into his crew.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Damn! You just got served!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,His crew agrees with him. Stan and friends don't move. The crew member dressed in red steps forward and dances in Kyle's face.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Aww man!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,One of the dancers twirls on his head and ends in a challenge pose.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,"He got you, dude."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Now that kid is gettin' served!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,Uh huh.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The dancer in red stands on his left hand and challenges Kyle with his groin.
You Got F'd in the A,OC,Whoa!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The dancer rolls away and stands on his right hand, rolls back and rests on his left side, then dances away."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Aww man, look at them! They know they can't trip to that! [the girl turns the radio off and the dancers turn and walk away.] Yeah! We're outta here!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 2,"[in gray-green, looks left] That was smokin'!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,[looks right] They didn't do nothin'!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,"[Asian, turns around] Sorry y'all, but try not to let it sting too bad! [laughs and turns around]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,[turns around] You got served! [the others laugh and he turns around] Come on! They had nothin'! Let's go y'all!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member,Come on y'all! [...and they're gone]
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,...What the hell just happened?
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Chef's house, later. Stan rings the doorbell."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"[opens up] Oh. Hello there, children!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Chef, we just got served."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Oh boy... Well come on inside, children. I'll make you some cocoa."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Chef's house, living room. Chef shows the children to the couch."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Have a seat, children. Just try to relax and breathe. [the boys sit down] Are you all okay?"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Yeah.
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"All right. Now, where did you get served?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Over at the True Value parking lot. There were just these kids we never saw before showed up and they were like, really good dancers and, we don't really understand what it means, but I guess-"
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Okay okay, relax children. Relax. It's all over now. Just try to calm down and sit tight. [turns around and picks up the phone] I'm gonna call your parents and let them know you're okay. [taps out a number and the phone rings] Mrs. Marsh? Hi, it's Chef. Yeah, I'm good. Listen: Stan and his friends just got served. Yeah. Yeah, over at the True Value. No no, he's fine. They're all fine. Yeah, it was some kids from out of town. Apparently they were pretty good dancers. They really let 'em have it."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan's house, that night. The family is at the dining table. Sharon brings a large dish over to Stan."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,"Here, Stanley, I made your favorite potato dish. I want you to feel better, okay."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,What's the matter with him?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,Oh. Stan got served at school today.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,You got served? By who?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Some, kids from Orange County."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,Let's not make a big deal out of it.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,So wha- so what'd you do? D'you dance back?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,No.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,What? Yo-you got served and just stood there and took it?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,That was the right thing to do.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"No, that's crap, Sharon. Stanley, when somebody challenges you to dance, you have to dance back at them, or else they'll think you're weak."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"But Dad, I don't know how to dance or nothin'."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"[in low tones] Well then, it's about time you learned! [rises from the table] Put on some loose-fitting clothes and meet me in the garage!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,But Dad-
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,Now! [walks off]
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan's house, garage. Stan and Randy are present. Randy is dressed in sweats, Stan is dressed in sweat pants and sleeveless T-shirt. Randy puts a CD into a stereo system."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"All right son, dancing is all about a frame of mind. Now, I'm not telling you to go around challenging other kids to dance, but when they challenge you, you just look 'em straight in the eye, and give 'em this."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"""Achy-Breaky Heart"" begins to play, and Randy begins to dance and starts to sing. Stan looks on."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Come on, Stan."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Stan steps closer and begins to follow Randy's moves.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"...six, seven, eight."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan steps out of a slipper, but slips back into it quickly."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"South Park, day, Luau's Toys. Stan and his friends exit and walk down the street."
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,"Dude, that is a sweet RC car!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[carrying the car] Yeah, let's go race it right now![they run into the OC kids]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 2,"Well, what we got here?"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,It's the white boys that were served yesterday. [they laugh]
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"You want a little more, homeboys?"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,"We're not interested, thanks."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,[steps forth] You're not interested? Not interested in this?
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC member waits for the boombox to play, then dances in Kyle's face, including a back flip. All of the OC crew members begin to dance."
You Got F'd in the A,Boombox,"You can't step to my roots, so don't try it. You can’t burn with my group so don’t light it. I'm on the OC crew and I'm better than you. You like to suck my balls, don't deny it. You can't bop her like me so don't go there. You never find a bigger bitch player nowhere. I put my jimmy in a ho, put off soul. I'm a good listener and that's rare."
You Got F'd in the A,Black Man,"Oh Lord, look at those moves."
You Got F'd in the A,Black Woman,"Oooo, they are takin' it out!"
You Got F'd in the A,Black Man 2,"Oh man, they are getting served!"
You Got F'd in the A,Black Woman 2,"Ooooo, it's getting hot out here!"
You Got F'd in the A,Black Man 3,Have mercy!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The dancers edge closer and closer to the South Park boys.
You Got F'd in the A,Others,"Oooooo, look at that! Lord! Gettin' served!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The rap music is turned off and the OC crew turns to see who did it. Stan puts in his CD and prepares to serve the OC boys. ""Achy Breaky Heart"" plays and Stan dances the steps he learned the night before. The crowds behind both groups look on for a while, then begin to cheer Stan on. Chef is walking down the street minding his own business, but he looks over at the commotion and his jaw drops."
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Yeah! Go Stan!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Oh no! [begins to cross the street] No, stop Stan! You don't know what you're doin'!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC crew are speechless. The song ends. Stan looks around and smiles. Kenny, Cartman and the crowd applaud Stan. Kyle pats Stan on the back. The OC kids look like they just got served."
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,All right Stan!
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,Ha! You just got f'd in the a!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Wha?
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Yeah! You got served!
You Got F'd in the A,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,Yeah!
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,That's right!
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,All right!
You Got F'd in the A,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,[arrives] No no no!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Okay. All right. We got served. So now, I guess... It's on."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,What?
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,This Saturday! Our top five dancers against your top five dancers! OC Convention Center. It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Members,It's on! It's on! It's on! It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Townsman,[closes his eyes and laments] Oh Lord it's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,Oh dammit! I knew that was gonna happen.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,"We'll see you Saturday, fools! [the crowd behind the OC crew parts and they leave]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Members,"Yeah, and you'd better have a lot better dancers with you than those loozas! 'Cause it's on!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Members,It's on! It's on! It's on! It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The crowd begins to murmur about Saturday and the competition.
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Stan, what the hell did you dance back for?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,I thought I was supposed to!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,Now you've gotta compete against them in the dance competition on Saturday!
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,But why?
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Because if you get served and served them back, then it's on! Don't you know anything??"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan's house, breakfast nook. Randy is filling out checks for his bills."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,"[enters the kitchen with Stan] Well, nice going, Randy! Really great advice you gave our son here!"
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,[turns around] What?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,Those kids showed up to serve Stan again and he danced back!
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,So what happened?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Stan looks helplessly at his father as his mother drags him off. Randy looks on.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"OC Convention Center, day. A large screen over the Center says ""Bounce"" while a sign closer to the viewer says ""This Saturday, 7 PM, Orange County VS. South Park, Dance Competition. It's On!!!!"" Inside, preparations are made for the competition. On the floor, the OC crew practices its move under their coach's supervision."
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Come on now, keep it tight!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC leader and the member in red drop backwards and then spin on their heads, the girl spins on her left hand"
