A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,"No, this is gonna be a bigger job than that. Bring out... the Kumboni. [moments later, the priest drives up in a Kumboni]"
A Boy And A Priest,Scene Description,"The Stotch house, day. Stephen and Linda are sitting on the sofa watching TV. The phone rings and Stephen answers it."
A Boy And A Priest,Stephen,"Hey Randy, what's up?"
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,"[driving] Stephen! Stephen, listen! The boys are missing! Fr. Maxi thinks they've been taken by the other priests!"
A Boy And A Priest,Stephen,[jumps up from the sofa and walks away from it] Taken by priests?? Should we call the police or buy some condoms? [smiles]
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,"[laughs] Okay. Okay-okay, that was good. [mood change] But seriously, we have to find these guys! The boys are in danger!"
A Boy And A Priest,Stephen,But where would priests go this late at night?
A Boy And A Priest,Linda,To a midnight sale at Boys 'R' Us?
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,What-what'd she say?
A Boy And A Priest,Stephen,"She said, ""To a midnight sale at Boys 'R' Us."""
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,"Can, can I post that?"
A Boy And A Priest,Stephen,"Sure, she doesn't care."
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"[grabs the phone from Randy] Give me that! Mr. Stotch, have you heard from Butters at all?!"
A Boy And A Priest,Stephen,"Well yeah, we got a really weird text from him saying not to worry, he needed to do some camping."
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,[puts down the phone] Oh my Lord. I know where to go. And when we get there... I'll need to go in alone.
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,Yeah I'll bet. [snickers]
A Boy And A Priest,Scene Description,The forest clearing. The assistant looks around
A Boy And A Priest,Assistant,He's not showing up.
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,Try the priest call. [the assistant pulls out a calling device similar to a duck call and blows into it]
A Boy And A Priest,Kid's voice,I love Jeeesus! I love Jeeesus!
A Boy And A Priest,Assistant,[turns around] I don't think he's coming.
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,Oh he's coming all right. Just not here. Let's start packing up. You. [points at the priest] Get on the Kumboni and eradicate this place along with everything in it.
A Boy And A Priest,Priest,"Yes, your Holiness."
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,Wait! [arrives at the clearing]
A Boy And A Priest,Butters,Father.
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"You wanted to find me? Well, here I am. I know why you're here. The Church can't have... someone like me going around making it look bad. So go ahead. [turns away] Do it. Just get it over with."
A Boy And A Priest,Butters,What?? No!
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,You think we searched all over town and set up this trap to kill you? We're Catholics! We're here to give you what you deserve! A full transfer to the beautiful Maldive Islands. Luxury airfare and beach house included! [theh other two priests applaued]
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,A transfer?
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,"The Church took care of everything, just like it always has from the beginning. ""Thank you for cleaning up all my cum."""
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,I can just... go? I can start over in the Maldives?
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,"No one will make fun of you there. They can't even speak English. And don't worry, there'll be plenty of priests to take your place here. Look, I know it's a big change, but... you know what you have to do."
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"Yes, I do. I don't think I have any other choice."
A Boy And A Priest,Butters,No. He can't.
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,"Well, our work here is done! Praise be to Christ, guys. It certainly was a tough one, but I think we got everything cleaned up and- [the Kumboni starts up and smashes through some trees. Fr. Maxi is driving it right at the priests.] Aaaaugh!"
A Boy And A Priest,Assistant,The Kumboni! Aaah! [Maxi mows him down and kills him] Aaaaagh! Aah!
A Boy And A Priest,Priest,Aaaaugh! Aaaaugh! [Maxi mows him down and kills him]
A Boy And A Priest,Auxiliary,"[Maxi is hot on his trail] No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. [Maxi mows him down, killing him. Moments later, Maxi stops the engine and walks up to the boys]"
A Boy And A Priest,Butters,"Father, you did it!"
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"I'm so sorry, my child. I never meant to say we weren't pals."
A Boy And A Priest,Butters,Does that mean you're gonna stay?
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"Of course. Now I have purpose, and I have meaning. My job here is to protect you. All of you."
A Boy And A Priest,Scene Description,"The church, Sunday morning. The doors open and Fr. Maxi is back in his robes looking at the congregants"
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,The Lord be with you.
A Boy And A Priest,Congregants,And with your spirit. [they go in]
A Boy And A Priest,Scene Description,"After the Gospel, Fr. Maxi launches into his sermon"
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"Today I'd like to talk on the subject of penance. The penitent... have deep remorse, but for true penance, we must be humble enough to admit that the Lord's forgiveness is undeserved."
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,Kind of like how getting raped by a Catholic priest is undeserved. [all laugh]
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"In Job 42:6 we read ""Therefore, I reprehend myself and do penance in dust and ashes"""
A Boy And A Priest,Townsman 1,And in choir boys' butts and asses. [all laugh]
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"So we are not to punish ourselves, but instead, we are to make ourselves passionate."
A Boy And A Priest,Townsman 5,Like a Catholic priest at a Chuck E. Cheese. [all laugh]
A Boy And A Priest,Randy,"Oh God, it's good to have my faith back!"
A Boy And A Priest,Fr. Maxi,"Passionate to understand all that Christ sacrificed, and how hard it truly was."
A Boy And A Priest,Woman 4,How hard what truly was? [all laugh]
A Boy And A Priest,Scene Description,#cancelsouthpark
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The scene starts with South Park Elementary being shot up again, then the Community Center appears as two police cars rush by, then City Hall appears. The city council is in session, Mayor McDaniels presiding"
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"People, it's time we faced some hard truths. The town is looking to us for answers, and all we keep doing is burying our heads. We need to cut the budget for this year's Christmas pageant."
The Problem with a Poo,Randy,[after a dramatic pause] My God...
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,I've asked the director of the holiday show to stop by so we can all give him the news.
The Problem with a Poo,Ryan,He's not going to take this well.
The Problem with a Poo,Councilwoman,"If he doesn't, we should just let him go. God knows it's about time."
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor's aide,"Hey, a lot of people like him, all right?"
The Problem with a Poo,Mrs. Testaburger,"Yeah, and a lot of people think he stinks."
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"Let's just get this over with. [presses down on the intercom key] All right, send him in. [the door opens and Mr. Hankey hops in.]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Hooooowwwdy ho! You wanted to see me? Better hurry. We only have two months before Christmas.
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Hankey, we called you in to let you know that... your Christmas Pageant funding has been cut. By half."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,What? But I can barely make a good Christmas show with what I have!
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,We just don't have the support for the Christmas show that we used to. The truth is... some people find you offensive.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Offensive? What about me is offensive?
The Problem with a Poo,Councilwoman,Some people think shit isn't the best representation of Christmas.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Yuh... you people can't do this. Christmas is the most magical time of the year.
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"The decision has already been made. Thank you, Mr. Hankey, and good luck with the show."
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Another school shooting has occurred and the police are back to investigate. In the music room, the kids practice ""Deck The Halls"". The conductor taps the dais with his baton - it's Mr. Hankey."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Okay, stop. Kids, the song's called ""Deck The Halls,"" not ""Let's All Suck Balls."" Mow, come on, kids."
The Problem with a Poo,Craig,Why do we have to do this now?
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,"Yeah, it's not even Halloween yet."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Restoration Hardware put up their Christmas decorations two weeks ago, all right? Now listen: I didn't want this either. I wanted the Denver Symphony, but they cut my budget and I'm stuck with you. Now let's take it from the top! [taps his baton]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"The hallways. PC Principal walks down the main hallway with purpose. He stops at the Vice Principal's office and turns left, steps forward, stops, sighs, then turns the doorknob and peeks in"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,Vice Principal Strong Woman?
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Yes, PC Principal?"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,I was seeing if there's anything you... might want to discuss with me?
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,What would we need to discuss?!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,I am- so sorry- that I took advantage of my position and- manipulated you into a physical encounter.
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Hey! I am a strong woman, all right?! I don't get manipulated! We both are guilty of an ill-advised relationship at the workplace, but that was long ago, and I have decided to move forward."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,Are you sure we can move forward?
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Why not? We make a mistake, we move forward."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,I was just thinking there might still possibly be some fallout from-
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,Nope! We're just gonna forget about it and put it to rest.
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,You don't think there's anything else to dis- to discuss?
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"No, I don't! Bye-bye. [PC Principal backs out and closes the door. Strong Woman lets out a sigh of relief, then stands and goes to a mirror, which reveals tears in her eyes and a big belly. She's pregnant.]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, day. Stan, Kenny, and Cartman are pounding on the front door. Kyle answers it but doesn't invite them in."
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,"Dude, Kyle! Dude!"
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,Dude!
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,What?
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,Did you read what Mr. Hankey tweeted last night?!
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,What Mr. Hankey... tweeted?
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,Yeah. I guess after band rehearsals he went on Twitter to talk about us.
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,Look! [Cartman takes out his phone and hands it to Kyle so Kyle can see for hiimself]
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Oh. Jesus Christ, dude."
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,Mr. Hankey's room. He's at a sewing machine making a Santa outfit.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Santa Claus is on his way. He's loaded goodies on his sleigh. He'll drop them off on Christmas Day
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,Mr. Hankey.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, Kyle! Hoowwwwdy ho!"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Mr. Hankey, everyone's really mad at you. Were you on Twitter last night?"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,[slowly] Yeah.
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Did you tweet ""The kids of South Park are retarded homos who can't play music""?"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,[more slowly] Yeah.
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,Why would you tweet that?! All the kids are really pissed off!
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,It was a bad attempt at a joke. I'm sorry. Will you tell the kids I didn't mean it?
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,What do you want me to say?
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"The fact is, I couldn't sleep last night so I took some Ambien. Do you take that stuff? It turns your brain into oatmeal. Please, Kyle, tell the kids I didn't mean any harm. We've gotta focus on Christmas! [Kyle just looks at him]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"The school gymnasium, day. PC Principal and Strong Woman stand on the basketball court facing the student assembly."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"All right, everyone, listen up. The vice principal has asked to speak with you today. She believes it is time that we all as a school finally discussed in-vitro fertilization."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"That's right, kids. Many women today make the choice to have children without a man in their lives. They can have their eggs fertilized by an unknown person's sperm in a lab."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"That's right, Strong Woman. In today's society it is wrong to just assume that a pregnant woman had intercourse with a man."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,[doubles over in pain] Ooohhhhhhh!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"St-students at this school need to be careful because it can be offensive to ask questions like ""Who's the father?"""
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,[doubles over in pain] Oh! Ooohhhhhhh!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"[looks at Strong Woman, then softly] You- you all right, Strong Woman?"
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,I'm fine!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"So-so we'd like to have all our students talk to their parents tonight about in-vitro fertilization, and after that, let's just put the whole issue behind us. [Strong Woman stands up and fluid drops to the floor from her belly. Several seconds of stunned silence follows]"
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,That's my water breaking. Not a big deal. [more fluid gushes out]
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,The town square. Mr. Hankey gets the Christmas stage ready
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Christmas time. It's Christmas time. Christmas time. Yeah, it's Christmas time ."
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,[appears to his right with a crowd of citizens] Hankey! [he looks up and notices the crowd] We need to talk about what you tweeted!
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, I'm sooo sorry. I took Ambien two nights ago and I called the schoolkids homos."
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"No, I'm talking about what you tweeted last night! [takes her phone out and reads] ""The city council members are a bunch of pussy-licking Islamists."""
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Oh-oh Jeez, did I say that? Listen, if you're tired and you can't sleep, DO NOT take Ambien. Okay? Whew!"
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,I'm afraid we have no option but to fire you as executive planning manager of the city council.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Fire me? Nonono, please. I-I'm really sorry. [the crowd turns and leaves] No, no wait! Wait, please give me another chance! Don't do this! What about Christmas? [croops in defeat]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A large sign announcing Mr. Hankey's Holiday Pageant greats the visitor upon arriving in town. A car speeds out of town"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,[in the passenger seat] It's okay. We'll be at the hospital soon. Just keep breathing.
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"[driving, despite her condition] I didn't need your help!"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,I'm just a co-worker helping another co-worker in need.
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Yeah, well, people might get the wrong idea! I have worked my whole life to be the strongest woman possible, a person little girls could look up to. If those girls thought I was the type to get knocked up by my boss-"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"I certainly do not want to put an pressures on you as a female, but at times I wonder if there is more we should discuss."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,There's nothing to discuss! I made a mistake and I am MOVING FORWARD!
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"The law offices of Mayer, Schulz, and Tate, day."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,My civil rights are under attack. They can't just fire me from the Christmas show! The whole thing is my creation!
The Problem with a Poo,Male Lawyer,"Uh, last night you tweeted ""The city council can suck my Mexican dick."""
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"It was a joke. Look at me! I don't even have a dick! Get it? [no reaction from the lawyers] Okay, okay, look, I know: it wasn't a good joke. But it really wasn't my fault. The fact is, I went home last night and I was angry. I couldn't sleep, so I took some Ambien. And then I started tweeting. Ambien messes with my head. You ever take that crap?"
The Problem with a Poo,Female lawyer,You want us to take this up against Ambien? They have the best lawyers in the world.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Well, I thought maybe I could get them in a defecation lawsuit. [he is quickly kicked out] Rrrgh!"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"J. Prewitt law office, later. Mr. Hankey is seated at the lawyer's desk and speaks to him"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"And I never ever would have said those things about the city council, but the Ambien makes me kind of blackout."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Prewitt,"I'm sorry, sir, but we don't represent pieces of shit."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Why not? [he is quickly kicked out] Rrrgh!
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Gerald's law office, later. He's talking to Gerald about suing Ambien"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,And I just thought maybe we could convince the city council to hire me back.
The Problem with a Poo,Gerald,"Look, I'm sorry, but I learned a long time ago that if you defend poop, you get stained. [he is quickly kicked out. This time he just sits on the step and mopes]"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,Mr. Hankey?
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, Kyle. [sadly] Howwwdy ho."
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,What are you doing here?
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Just tryin' to find some help. There isn't a lawyer in town who will take me. Wait a minute... You! You're the son of a lawyer. You have lawyer blood inside your veins! You can help me with my defecation lawsuit, Kyle!"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,Me? What can I do?
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Please, Kyle. You're the only person left who can help me. You and me, pal, we are gonna fight the system!"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Strong Woman and PC Principal have arrived at the hospital"
The Problem with a Poo,Voice-over,Paging Dr. Bender.
The Problem with a Poo,Dr. Bender,"Your vice principal gave birth to all five babies with no epidural. I must say, she's a very strong woman."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,That she is.
The Problem with a Poo,Dr. Bender,"The quintuplets are all healthy and resting away. [they stop by the maternity ward and look in] There are her babies, right there."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"Oh, dude. Bro."
The Problem with a Poo,Dr. Bender,"Yes, cute little buggers, aren't they? Three boys and two girls."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,I think it's wrong to force gender specification upon them at this young age.
The Problem with a Poo,Dr. Bender,"Funny. That's exactly what their mother said. [turns to face him] The quints are all Caucasian, blue-eyed, and something kind of weird."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,What's that?
The Problem with a Poo,Dr. Bender,"Well, the babies are all extremely PC, the likes of which I have never seen. Watch this. [walks to the intercom and presses the mic] Three black guys walk into a bar. [the newborns immediately start crying.] It's okay! It's okay! They left! They left! [the babies stop crying]"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"Doctor, would it be possible for me to... hold the PC babies?"
The Problem with a Poo,Dr. Bender,"Oh I'm sorry. That's only for the mother and father. Though, according tot he vice principal, the father doesn't even exist. [PC Principal wilts]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"The neighborhood playground, day. The boys are shooting hoops without Kyle. Cartman shoots, but it's an air ball"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,[runs up] You guys! Hey guys! I think I figured it out.
The Problem with a Poo,Kenny,(What?)
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,How to get Mr. Hankey another chance. [no reaction from the boys] There's by-laws in the city council that community service leaders can't be terminated without a hearing. I need you guys there as character witnesses.
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,Nnnope.
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,Not getting that stink on me.
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,He has a right to be heard. He's meant a lot to this town.
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,"Dude, why do you keep defending him, Kyle?"
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,Yeah. You know everyone in town thinks he's a piece of shit.
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Come on, guys. We can't just turn our backs. How many times has Mr. Hankey been there for us?"
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,"Mmmm. Once, kind of?"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Look, he messed up, but I don't know if he deserves everything that's coming down on him. I wanna stand by my friend."
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,"Mm, let's see how that goes for you in 2018. [the boys turn away and resume playing]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Strong Woman's recovery room, later. PC Principal peeks inside, then goes in and closes the door and walks up to her bed"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,Vice Principal?
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,My babies! Where are they?
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"Shh it's okay. The babies are fine, resting in the nursery. They're the most... [voice cracking] they're the most PC babies I've ever seen."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,You shouldn't be here! People will start getting suspicious!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,Look I was the one who abused my position and took advantage of a subordinate-
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,Nobody took advantage of me!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,N-Not took advantage. You know what I'm saying.
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,And I'm a strong woman!
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"All I want to do is help. We can say I'm the manny. And if anyone has a problem with that, then they have a problem with gender biases, and they can take it up with me! We can keep the truth about the babies totally hidden. [the door opens and three nurses walk in holding the babies. The parents notice this]"
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Oh yes, that curriculum should be fine for the students. I'll start working on an all-school proposal."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"Oh yes, very good, Vice Principal. See that it is done by back to school night."
The Problem with a Poo,Female Nurse,"A-hall right, Mommy! Your little bundles of joy are here. Oh! And who's this?"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,I am the manny. Anyone have a problem with that?
The Problem with a Poo,Female Nurse,"No, not at all."
The Problem with a Poo,Male Nurse,"Everything good here? [the babies start crying. He looks around, then at his shirt, which has an image of Speedy Gonzales on it.] Aw! Are these PC babies?"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Park County Courthouse, day. The Mr. Hankey Hearing is being televised."
The Problem with a Poo,Voice-over,"And now, live from the town courthouse, it's the Hankey Hearing on South Park 13. [inside, Kyle gets his papers ready as the courtroom audience takes its seats]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Waithouse,"Mr. Hankey- [Mr. Hankey sniffles] Fourteen hours ago did you or did you not say ""everyone in South Park is a Goddamend douchebag""?"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Y-es. That was a bad attempt at a Christmas joke.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Waithouse,But there's nothing in that statement about Christmas.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,That's what I said: it was a bad attempt.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Waithouse,What part of the statement was actually-
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,You wanna hear a good Christmas joke?
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Waithouse,In 2005 you said- [Mr. Hankey sniffles] You said that you had no recollection of a- [Mr. Hankey sniffles]
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Sorry, I got the sniffles."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Waithouse,"Mr Hankey, do you understand how important these statements are to the citizens of this town?"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"All I understand is it's only eight weeks until Christmas! If we don't stop wasting our time, we're all gonna miss out on the most magical part of the whole year!"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Waithouse,"What did you mean last night when you tweeted, ""The Mayor of South Park is a titless whore""? [Kyle's jaw drops and his head falls forward on the table]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Oh, come on! It was a joke! That's it! That's it, I've had enough of this whole fucking sham! Fuck all you and fuck this whole system! It's Christmastime!! [leaves his chair]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Food 4 Little, day. Strong Woman is out of the hospital and shopping with three of the quints"
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,It's okay. Shhh. We just need to get some diapers. Shhh.
The Problem with a Poo,Elderly Woman,"[passing by] Ohhh, what adorable little babies."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,Thank you.
The Problem with a Poo,Elderly Woman,"[getting a closer look] My, they look very PC."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Oh no, no, they're not very PC at all."
The Problem with a Poo,Man with Orange Shirt,"Awww, look at the PC babies!"
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,They actually aren't PC.
The Problem with a Poo,Man with Orange Shirt,"No? [bends down and tells the babies] Did you hear Monica Lewinsky's becoming Republican? The Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth. [the babies cry, the adults laugh]"
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"Oh God, shhhh, nonononono. Sheee."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,[arrives with the other two infants] Is everything all right?
The Problem with a Poo,Man with Orange Shirt,Oh Look! More PC babies!
The Problem with a Poo,Woman 1,They're everywhere!
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,I told you we need to shop separately! Sh! Shhh!
The Problem with a Poo,Man 2,"[stops by] Excuse me, where's the Oriental food aisle? [the babies cry harder]"
The Problem with a Poo,Man with Orange Shirt,Shhh! Quiet! There's PC babies!
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Denny's, day. Kyle is at a booth with Mr. Hankey."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Gee whiz. Thanks for comin' out with me, Kyle. [a waiter walks by behind them and stares at Mr. Hankey] These days, it's like you're my only friend. [Kyle looks up and notices some boys looking at him. Next shot shows Clyde, Craig, Tweek, and Token at a window booth looking back at Kyle and Mr. Hankey. Kyle looks dismayed] So what's the plan, huh? What you got figured out to get my job back?"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,I had a plan. You decided to call the Mayor a titless whore!
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"[laughs it off] Oh, it was a joke, Kyle. Sometimes, when I take Ambien, I'm really groggy and moody the next day. It's a real side effect. It's printed right on the bottle."
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,[growls] I don't know how much longer I can defend you. People are starting to think I'm shitty.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Kyle, don't you understand this whole thing is a smear campaign? Why are people focusing on a few stupid words I said when Christmas is just around the corner?! It's like everyone's forgot about what Christmas means! [brightens up and gasps] Oh my God! Kyle, that's it! The holiday spirit!"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,It's October!
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,And that's the point! Don't you see? What we need to do is get everyone in the Christmas mood! We can bring the whole spirit of the holidays early!
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"[looks away] Okay, you do that."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Nonono. Kyle, you gotta help me! I can't do this alone!"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,I have homework and stuff!
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,You're all I have! Even my wife left with the Nuggets 'cause of all the pressure! Please!
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Okay, fine! I'll help you. But listen to me: I don't care how restless you get tonight, NO AMBIEN!"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Well, maybe just a little if I really can't sleep."
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"No! None! If you want my help this time, you aren't taking any Ambien tonight. That's the deal!"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Yay! It's a deal! Oh boy, Kyle, I'm so excited! We're gonna bring the spirit of Christmas to South Park!"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, day. PC Principal and Strong Woman take the quints out for a stroll"
The Problem with a Poo,Jogger,"Oho, look at the little PC babies!"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"Oh, no, we're from uh, Missouri."
The Problem with a Poo,Jogger,"I know a PC baby when I see one! [to the babies, cooing] Who loves social justice? Who's the future? Who's the big bad future? Yes they are. [one of the quints giggles]"
The Problem with a Poo,Woman 2,"Ohh, PC babies!"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"All right, please move along, folks. We don't want the babies to get excited. [a synthesizer begins to play, and everyone within earshot of it stops to listen]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Helloooo South Park! Come on, everybody! Get over here! [Craig, Clyde, Tweek, and Token exit the Halloween Outlet store with their cosumes] Who wants to see a miracle?! Howwwdy ho, everyone! Guess what time it is? It's Christmastime! [fireworks go off as citizens gather at the town square]"
The Problem with a Poo,All,Oohhhhh!
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Deck the halls and trim the trees, Christmas time is here. Gonna sing and flush our worries away. It's the best time of the year That's right, everybody! Who loves the holidays? [all cheer] Just like when Christ was born, let's all be with our mothers and fathers and- [the PC babies begin to cry] Let's not forget that, that boys and girls all over the world are"
The Problem with a Poo,Man 3,"Hey! Hey, careful! You're upsetting the PC babies!"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"The PC what-Listen! Christmas season means peace on earth and good will towards men! [the crying continues] All right, all right look, what, what is the holiday season about? It's about loving each other, right? Loving and- [getting exasperated] What?! What are they crying about now?!"
The Problem with a Poo,Man 4,Sometimes PC babies don't even know what they're crying about.
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Well, then tell the babies to shut the fuck up! [the crowd turns on him] Who the fuck brings a Goddamned baby to a Christmas show, anyway?!"
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"[leaps away from the keyboard and grabs Mr. Hankey] Mr. Hankey, stop!"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Lemme go, Kyle! These people are idiots! [proceeds to beat up Kyle and wreck the stage. The crowd disperses]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,Downtown South Park. Kyle walks down the street battered from the beatdown Mr. Hankey gave him
The Problem with a Poo,Girl,"Mommy, something stinks. [they stop to look at Kyle]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mother,"Yeah, like shit. [takes her daughter's hand and moves on. A shopkeeper shuts his door as Kyle walks by]"
The Problem with a Poo,Man 5,[drives by and honks] You stand up for all pieces of crap?! Asshole!
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"The neighborhood park, moments later. Kyle walks by with his head down. His friends stop playing to look at him. He looks back"
The Problem with a Poo,Cartman,"Uh huh! 2018. [they turn and walk away as Kyle moves on. Further on, he sees Mr. Hankey and stops]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Kyle, listen. It was 3 a.m. last night and I still hadn't slept, so I de- [Kyle ignores him and walks on] Kyle? Kyle, please! They're gonna run me out of town, Kyle! They're going to erase me and everything I ever did."
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"[turns around] You want them to erase me, too?"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Kyle, we can all be shitty sometimes."
The Problem with a Poo,Kyle,"Uh... [sighs a few times, then turns away with nothing to say and walks off]"
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Strong Woman's office, night. The babies are put to sleep"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,"They're so strong, like their mother."
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"They're so PC, like... whoever their father is. [PC looks at her] We'll never keep them quiet. Our only hope is to keep them hidden. [closes the office door]"
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,Can they ever know that I'm their dad?
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"We did the most un-PC thing imaginable. Think about what that would do to them. We can never let them know the debaucherous, sickening circumstances that brought them into this world."
The Problem with a Poo,PC Principal,Then I'll just try to be the best principal to them that I possibly can.
The Problem with a Poo,Strong Woman,"And I'll be their strongest vice principal, and hopefully... the world will calm down and not do anything to upset them."
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,South Park news.
The Problem with a Poo,Newscaster,"Today... South Park says goodbye to Mr. Hankey. The longtime union of this town and the holiday figure... is over for good. We should all feel pretty great about ourselves, give ourselves a little, nice pat on the back, as we, as a society, continue to try and sweep away all the poop. [next scene is Mr. Hankey walking out of town as the residents look on]"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"Well, everyone, I guess this is goodbye. It sure has been swell."
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"No goodbyes, Mr. Hankey. You just need to go. We already called you a Poober."
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,"A Poober? They have that? [A Lyft car honks and pulls up] Oh, you mean Lyft. Well, okay. Goodbye, everyone. I hope I brought a few smiles and a few laughs into your hearts."
The Problem with a Poo,Mayor McDaniels,"[opens the back door for him, then firmly] Goodbye, Mr. Hankey. [he hops in and she closes the door. The car pulls away and Mr. Hankey looks out the window and sees the town for one last time with a sad look on his face]"
The Problem with a Poo,Stan,Where will he go?
The Problem with a Poo,Randy,"He'll have to find a place that accepts racist, awful beings like him. There are still places out there who don't care about bigotry and hate."
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,"Springfield, day. Mr. Hankey hops into the town square, which is filled with Springfield residents, including the Simpsons"
The Problem with a Poo,Mr. Hankey,Hoowwwwdy ho!
The Problem with a Poo,Bart,"Cool man, talking crap."
The Problem with a Poo,Apu,"Welcome, my friend. Please, rest your weary feet and make yourself at home here."
The Problem with a Poo,All,Hooray!
The Problem with a Poo,Scene Description,#cancelthesimpsons
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Another day, another shooting. Mr. Mackey sits in his office talking to the Marshes. Shelly has her arms crossed and looks away."
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,"Allright, thanks for comin' in today to discuss your daughter's behavior, m'kay?"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Exactly what kind of trouble is Shelly in, Mr. Mackey?"
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,"Well, unfortunately, we found out our playground monitor has been accepting favors to look the other way at recess, and uh, your daughter sent him an inappropriate picture. Of her butthole. M'kay?"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Her butthole?? [to Shelly] Shelly! [back to Mackey] Why would the recess monitor want a picture of my daughter's butthole?!
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,"We've been havin' a lot of issues at the school with kids vaping lately and, uh, they bribe the recess monitor however they can."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Jesus Christ, how much worse can things get around here?!"
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,"Uhkay, let- uh, the, there is good news, m'kay? We had the picture analyzed and it turns out it was actually just a picture of a dog's butthole, m'kay [holds up a real-life picture of a dog's butthole], that your daughter claimed was hers. M'kay, there it is, a little fur right there. [smiles]"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"The ride home. Randy is at the wheel. Nelson is in the car behind him, and there's a third car behind them."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Seriously?! Dog's butthole?! That's what we're doin' now, huh?! There's not enough bad things in the world, we get called into school, ""Here's a dog's butthole for ya."" That's what it's all come to, Shelly?! [they stop at a red light] I'm over it, Sharon. [a long guitar intro begins to play] I am seriously over it. Don't you just wanna start over? Go back to simpler times?"
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,What do you mean?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"I've had it. School shootings, pieces of shit taking Ambien and tweeting, priests raping kids, and somehow... I'm not laughing anymore. Let's do it, Sharon. What I've always talked about. Let's get out of here. Go buy a farm and live off the land."
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,Are you being serious?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Never been more serious.
Tegridy Farms,Nelson,"[honks his horn] Hey, the light's green!"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[looks out the window] Shut up, Nelson! [turns to Sharon] Let's move out to the country. Go back to simple living when things mattered, like hard work and 'tegridy."
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,How will we make a living?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"By growing things and, and selling what we make with our hands. We can do this, Sharon. It's time."
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"As the following song plays, the following occurs onscreen: Randy sells the house and the family drives away. The family arrives at its new farm. The camera pans to show the countryside. Randy starts harvesting the hemp that's already there. Next, he sifts out the hemp from the leaves, then he's printing out ""100% Hemp"" shirts, then showing the hemp to his family. Next, he's harvesting more hemp, watering the crop, and getting hemp milk out of some hemp. He makes some hemp cookies for the family. Later he's drying stalks of marijuana plants in the barn. Next, he seeds the field with marijuana seeds, then growing some hemp in a greenhouse. Later, he spritzes water on some leaves, then he writes up a list of nouns and adjectives on a chalkboard outside. Next, the camera pans to the left showing some farm names: Golden Mary's Kush Farm, John & Judy Cannabis Acres, High Valley Marijuana Farms (Organic), and then Randy's farm, Tegrity Farms"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[slow start] This ol' world is getting to me. There's just no trust, no 'tegridy. So I loaded up the kids, took my wife by the arm, [switches to fast tempo with a band joining in] and I moved on out to a Colorado farm. Now it's early to bed, early to rise. The crops are plowed and it's no surprise City folks are fightin' and I don't give a darn (darn, darn) 'Cause I make my livin' on a Colorado farm. I gotta drive the tractor, gotta cut the grass Chut-chut goes the baler like it's never gonna last There's food in the kitchen and there's bud in the barn. (barn, barn) That's life livin' on a Colorado farm. Ice-cold beer, pickup truck. Country music, listin' shit. We got tegridy to keep us warm. That's what you get on a Colorado farm. And I'm gonna stay on a Colorado farm.</i.>  Shiiit."
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The four boys walk down the hallway"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,[to Stan] So just like that? Your parents sold your house and everything?
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"Yeah, it takes me like an hour to get to school now. It sucks. All because Shelley bribed the playground monitor to let her vape during recess."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Why would your sister wanna get addicted to those things?
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Well, your little brother does it too, Kyle."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,What are you talking about?
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,You didn't know? The Kindergartners are like the biggest vapers at this school.
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"The sandlot, day. The kindergartners have their own little piece of heaven on the school playground. Five of them are in there, two of them on the sand, three others seated on a bench on the edge of the sandlot. Ike sits between the other two and blows some smoke. He then tries to hide the vaping pen when Kyle calls out to him."
Tegridy Farms,Boy,"[with bulldozer] Vroom, vroom. I am a truck!"
Tegridy Farms,Jenny,[with an action figure and a sand castle] Watch out for the monster.
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Ike! Ike, do you have a vaping pen?!"
Tegridy Farms,Ike,[trying to hold in the smoke] Nope. [accidentally blows some more smoke]
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Dude! Gimme that! [takes it from Ike and walks back to his group]
Tegridy Farms,Ike,"Hey, gimme back my vaporizer! [gets up and stands between Jenny and the other boy]"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,What is this? [reads the label] Cherry-flavored nicotine. [turns around] Are you joking?!
Tegridy Farms,Ike,"Oh, come on! All the kids are doing it."
Tegridy Farms,Jenny,"[whips out her vaporizer] Yeah, I like lemon flavor."
Tegridy Farms,Boy,[whips out his vaporizer] I like raspberry.
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Why do you want nicotine?!
Tegridy Farms,Jenny,Do you know how hard it is being a kindergartner? We need a break sometimes.
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,These things are bad for you! Do you understand?! Bad kindergartners!
Tegridy Farms,Quaid,"[approaches Kyle as Ike steps aside] Relax, bitch. [inhales his vaping pen] Try some gummy bear surprise. [blows some of it in Kyle's face, making Kyle cough]"
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"[takes the vaporizer from Kyle] All right, where'd you guys get these?!"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy is on his tractor growing through his crop. He stops and removes his hat for a moment to wipe the sweat off his forehead. He takes a swig of his Tegridy Farms hemp milk, then notices a neighboring farmer"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Mornin' Joe? How's the farmin'?
Tegridy Farms,Joe,"Doin' good, neighbor! Just planted some Purple Skunky Kush. Harvested the Super Hindu Haze last week."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Well that's fine, Joe, just fine. I'm growin' some Green Willy Stranger myself. And the Catatonic Tegridy Bud is takin' well. [turns the engine back on]"
Tegridy Farms,Joe,"Well, see ya 'round, neighbor!"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"So long, Joe! [he moves the tractor forward and then turns to the left]"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, recess. An overhead view of the entire school is shown as the bell rings and the kids enjoy their free time. Next, the boys walk through the playground in search of someone."
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"Kindergartners said it's some big kid in a trench coat. [notices a kid on a snow drift] Hey look! [a shot of the boy looking towards the parking lot and standing in the sun, so they can't make out who it is]"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,That's gotta be him.
Tegridy Farms,Stan,What are you gonna do?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"I'm gonna tell him if he sells a vape pen to my brother again, I'm gonna kick his ass! [marches towards the boy. The other follow] HEY YOU! [the boy turns around and steps off the drift. It's...]"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Oh, hey fellas!"
Tegridy Farms,Stan,[surprised] Butters?
Tegridy Farms,Butters,What are you guys doing?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Butters, are you selling vapes?"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Well, sure! Whatcha lookin' for? [opens his overcoat. Inside, there are labels and packets for grape, orange, tropical passion, chocolate, vanilla and strawberry flavors taped across his shirt and coat.] I've got strawberry, vanilla, tropical passion..."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,WHAT?!
Tegridy Farms,Butters,Tropical passion. It's like mango and kiwi.
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"Butters, do you understand this stuff is an epidemic in our school?!"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Yeah, and at five bucks a pop, we're gonna be rich!"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[steps forward] Butters, this is for Kyle. [punches him hard in the face]"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,Oof. [falls to one side and his vape pens fall out of his jacket]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, the living room. Randy puts a pot plant on a small table. Shannon is standing near the couch with her arms crossed"
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,"Randy, I think we need to have a talk."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[adjusts the placement of the plant] No time to talk, the agricultural inspector's about to drop by. Once we get certified from him, we can start sellin' like a real farm. [approaches Sharon] Have patience, wife. Soon our fortunes will change. [someone knocks on the door] Oh, that must be him now! [goes to answer it]"
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,"Yes, I'm with the State testin' board? Is this uh,... [checks his notepad] Tegridy Farms?"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Name is right there on the sign. Come on back!
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, shed. Towelie has set up his equipment and is ready to evaluate. Randy and Shannon stand nearby and observer."
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,"[making some minor adjustments to the machine] So with this Vestin device, I can check not only the THC levels in your product but also detect any impurities and give you a final score based on overall chemical makeup. [inhales from the machine. Readings are 43:4, 23:8. His eyes eventually become bloodshot] Yep. That's good shit. Now let me test the levels in your organic house blend. [inhales again. Readings are 59:4, 55:2. Skeptically, Sharon folds her arms] Yep. That's good shit. [exhales and writes on his notepad. Shannon walks away unimpressed.]"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Now, what about the Tegridy Jungle Bud?"
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,"Let's test it out. [samples it, breathing deeply. Readings are 42:0, 76:2] Whoa."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Yeah?
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,Whoa.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Yeeahh?!
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,"I don't know what Tegridy is, but... that is some good shit!"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,[jumps up in excitement] All right!
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"South Park elementary, boys room. Cartman is in the stall taking a crap. He's typing something into his phone while singing the Subway $5 Footlong jingle."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Five, $5, $5 footlong."
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Eric stops sining, as the sound of the boys room door is slammed open. Suddenly, the stall door is kicked open by an angry Butters, who now has a black eye."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,[surprised] Butters!
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"[yelling] Why'd you punch me, Eric?!"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,I had to!
Tegridy Farms,Butters,I thought we were partners!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Butters, next time when Kyle walks up to you and says ""Are you selling vape stuff,"" you say ""No, I am not, Kyle."""
Tegridy Farms,Butters,You punched me in the face!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Butters. we have to be extra-cautious right now, or else we're -- hang on, hang on -- [strains to poop] Hang on. Hang on. [a nugget manages to drop] Ahhh! [gets off the seat] Okay, we have to be extra-cautious, Butters. The whole operation is in a period of transition. [pulls his pants up and flushes the toilet.]"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,Well what's that supposed to mean?!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[exits the stall] In case you haven't noticed, we're falling behind. We haven't sold enough product to pay off our overhead. The people I bought from are on my ass! Everything costs money, Butters. The pens, the juice, even that jacket I got you. [as they walk to the restroom door, they pass by Kyle and don't notice he's there by the sink] We can't start getting sloppy now. Do you understand?"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Well, I don't know how this means you can go and punch me in the face-"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Everything will make sense, Butters. I told you. [shows him out] Just stick with the plan, okay? [closes the door. Kyle is about to come up behind him and say something, but Cartman quickly acknowledges Kyle] Did you know that vaping is way healthier than smoking cigarettes? [Kyle is left dumbfounded]"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. The family is seated at table for the meal."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[serving the meal and talking with a southern accent] All right, everyone! Who's ready for some farm-to-table supper?! [gives bowls to Shelley and Stan] We've got some hemp milk here, hemp oil and vinegar bruschetta, some hemp-seed tabouli. And guess what the napkins are made from? [a car horn sounds outside] Oh, wonder who that could be? [gets up to check. The driver gets out of his car and approaches the farmhouse.] Howdy. What can I do ya for?"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,Is this Teh-gridy Farms?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Yeah, name's right there on the sign."
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,Our company is interested in your product. We'd like to do some business with you.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Really? Hey, that'd be great. What kind of company- [stops himself when he notices the man vaping]"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,We're one of the top vape companies in the state. We'd like to add your product to our line.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[chuckles] Oh no, sorry. I don't want my Tegridy Bud put in those pussy sticks."
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,Pussy sticks?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Yeah, you know. Penis pens, wussy vape, lady joints. Not on my farm, no sirree."
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,You got a problem with vaping? It's cleaner and healthier than traditional smoking!
Tegridy Farms,Randy,That's nice. Now how's about you take that pussy stick and get off my farm before I shove it up your ass and you're blowin' mist out your butthole?
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,"All right. [leaves. Before getting in his car, turns around and says] You can be a part of progress or you can get run over by it."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[drops his southern accent] Yeah, whatever. All you're doin' is blowin' smoke -- Sorry, ""fruity steam."" Pussy."
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,What happened to your accent?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Go vape some more, ya fuckin' puss!"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,[goes to the driver-side door] You'll be sorry! [gets in and backs out]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, main office. A new receptionist, Ms Blaze, is on the job and is reading Us Magazine . Kyle walks in and talks to her."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,I need to speak with the principal.
Tegridy Farms,Ms. Blaze,"Okay, what is it regarding?"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,I'd rather just talk to him.
Tegridy Farms,Ms. Blaze,"Right through there. You're second in line. [Kyle walks further in and sees Butters and Cartman seated, waiting to see PC Principal as well. They are reading ""General American"" and ""South Park Super School News"" and lower their papers as Kyle approaches.]"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Oh, hey Kyle."
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Hi, Kyle!"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,What are you up to?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,You know what I'm up to! [walks up to the principal's door.]
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[hops off the chair and stops him] Okay, cool, but come check this out. This is really cool."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Don't touch me!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Just come- no, just come see. [takes him by the hand and takes him away. Butters follows them]"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Don't- touch me!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"This is really cool. [the three of them leave the office and stand in the hallway] You know, Kyle, people all need a way to relax. And there's no proof that vaping is that bad for you."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,You're selling it to kindergartners!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Kindergartners need a break too, Kyle!"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,You know they took away their nap time.
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,You're such penises!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Would you rather the kindergartners smoke cigarettes? [Kyle folds his arms and is no longer listening.] Would you rather they drank? That's not good! [Kyle turns to go back into the office] Kyle, Kyle, Kyle! Okay, okay! [he and Butters stop Kyle and turn him around] Just please listen, all right? The truth is... we want out. Butters and I thought we could just make some easy money, but you gotta pay off the 6th graders, then you gotta pay off the recess monitor to look the other way. We're in deep, Kyle. Just let us see enough to get out of debt, and we will stop. I swear it."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,You're so full of shit.
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Come on, Kyle, we all make mistakes. Did you already forget last week? You know... Ronan Farrow was here asking about you."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Ronan Farrow? No he wasn't.
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Yes, Kyle! He was right over there! Just please, [Kyle looks over his shoulder to where Cartman said Farrow was] give us two days to make back the money we need to get out from under this. and we will stop. You have my word."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Fine. But no more pushing it on little kids! You got that?!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Okay, I'll focus my marketing on another direction. Thank you, Kyle. [He and Butters leave, and Kyle looks over to that spot again.]"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Randy is back on the tractor. He stops when he sees the vape rep at Joe's house across the path. The rep hands Joe a check, then turns around and takes a vape as Joe just holds the check. Randy gets off the tractor and walks over to Joe's house just as Joe and his wife are packing up to leave the area."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Whatcha doin', Joe?"
Tegridy Farms,Joe,"Oh, hey Randy. We uh, we sold the farm."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Just like that, huh? You gonna let those people with pussy sticks take over everythin'?!"
Tegridy Farms,Joe,Yeah. They paid us great. My wife and I are gonna move to Maui!
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Oh. I hope you didn't pack your tegridy, 'cause clearly,[puts a marijuana leaf steam into his mouth] your tegridy ain't goin'. [turns and walks back to his house. He opens the door and walks inside. He notices something crumpled at a corner of the living room] Are you still here?!"
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,[completely stoned and surrounded by some marijuana leaves] Ah I-I didn't know chickens wore suspenders.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Agh! [walks off]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary cafeteria. The students are eating lunch. The main five are seated with Token, Clyde, and Craig."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[yawns loudly] Man, am I feeling tired! All this hard work at school?"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Yeah, I wish I had a little pick-me-up! Somethin' fresh and fruity to go with my lunch!"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Just stop. It's so obvious what you guys are doing.
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[pressing forward] It sounds so great right now! [cups his hands to form a megaphone] Can anyone help with some fun, fruity flavors? [the sound of a wall crumbling in heard. Soon, a wall does crumble and a Vaping Man appears]"
Tegridy Farms,Vaping Man,Oh yeah!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[quickly stands by the VM] Hey guys! It's the Vaping Man! What are you doing here, Vaping Man?"
Tegridy Farms,Vaping Man,"I'm here to offer my fun, fruity flavors in a refreshing mist."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Vaping? Hey, that's bad for you. Vaping's only for cool kids."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,[quickly comes up to Cartman and talks quietly] Can I talk to you for a second?
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Sure, Kyle. What is this about?"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Can I talk to you over here?
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,Well of course. [they walk far enough away so they're out of earshot of Vaping Man]
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,[yelling] What did I say about pushing it on little kids?!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"How is this pushing it on little kids, Kyle?"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Fun, fruity Vaping Man?!"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"It's marketing! Kyle, we have to make the money to pay off our dealer. How else are we supposed to do it?"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"All right, how much do you owe the dealer?"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,Why?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,How much?!
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. An angry Stan is churning hemp milk in a copper kettle to make hemp cheese while Randy pours in the milk"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Isn't this great, Stan? Livin' off the land? [walks to the table and picks up a plate with marijuana leaves]"
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"No, it sucks. I hate this. I wanna go back home."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Well you see that? We're talkin' now. [adds some leaves into the mix] When was the last time we really talked like this?
Tegridy Farms,Stan,I hate you so much.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Ithink we're havin' a breakthrough moment. I want to give you somethin', son. Somethin' I made that I want you to have. [goes to get it and brings it back] It's a hemp hat."
Tegridy Farms,Stan,No.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Come on, let's just see how it fits."
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"Pleaes, no."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Here, just-just look. Just try it. [takes off Stan's cap and puts the hemp hat on him. When the hat goes on Stan's head, ""Two Princes"" by Spin Doctors starts to plays.]"
Tegridy Farms,Spin Doctors,"One, two princes kneel before you That's --"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Randy removes the hat from Stan's head and the song stops. He puts it on again, and the song starts up from the beginning, causing Stan to now look annoyed."
Tegridy Farms,Spin Doctors,"One, two princes kneel before you"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Whoa.[he removes it and the song stops. He puts it on again, and the song resumes, causing him to grin in amusement]"
Tegridy Farms,Spin Doctors,That's what I said now. Princes --
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,Big Vape vaping bar and store. The place is crowded with young progressive people and filled with vape smoke. A big vape dealer is at the counter buying some vaping products.
Tegridy Farms,Clerk,"There you go, and thanks for shoppin' at Big Vape. [the vape dealer looks around and then leaves. The clerk buzzes him out.]"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[on the sidewalk with Kyle and Butters, across the parking lot from the store] That's him. That's my guy."
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,There you are. You got my money?
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,[subdued] Kyle? [motions for Kyle to talk to the vape dealer]
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Look, my friend is very stupid and should have never gone into business with you. [Cartman and Butters back off]"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,Who are you? [Butters and Cartman leave]
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"I'm just seeing if I can help settle things. You probably don't realize it, but vaping is a really big problem at our school."
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,"Look, I'm just filling a job that somebody else would fill, all right? [Cartman and Butters return with a body bag with a body in it without the others noticing it.]"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Okay, look, this is the money I've saved up from my past three birthdays. Can we call this even and end it?"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,"Aw, come on, man. I don't wanna take your birthday money. [Butters turns and walks away]"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Whoa, hey dude! Why is there a dead hooker next to you?"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,What?
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,What?
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Dude, that is a dead hooker. What are you doing with it?! I'm calling the cops! [whips out his phone.]"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,You just put that dead hooker there.
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Cartman, what are you doing??"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,[into the phone] There's a dead hooker at the vape store!
Tegridy Farms,Butters,[returns with a crowbar and swings it into the vape dealer's kneecap] There! [runs away with the crow bar]
Tegridy Farms,Vape Dealer,[falls over in pain] Ow!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Oh shit!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Get the vaporizers, and the cash! Get the cash, Kyle!"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Wha-what? What are you doing??
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,Just get the- Oh shit! Ronan Farrow!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,WHAT?!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Get the stuff and the cash! Ronan Farrow, Kyle! We've gotta get out of here! [he and Kyle get everything and split]"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, kitchen. The Marshes are at table, and Randy has his hands clasped in prayer, ready to say grace, while the rest of the family is mad"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Bless us, Lord, and our little cannabis farm, and may we always keep our tegridy. Amen. [digs into his bowl first] So, how was everyone's day?"
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,"Uh, well, not great. Uh, Stan got caught with a vaping pen."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[drops his bowl onto the table and raises his voice, losing his southern accent again] With a WHAT?!"
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,"You know, those little pen and cartridge things with the mist?"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Stan had a vape pen?! [to Stan] You had a fucking vaping-?! Get up to your room right now! [Stan gets off his chair and leaves. Randy leans in towards Sharon] Way to underreact, Sharon! [leaves the table and walks to Stan's room]"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, Stan's room. Stan sits on his bed while Randy walks in and slams the door shut. He then walks up to the bed."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,[holding a vape pen in his hand] Where did you get this?!
Tegridy Farms,Stan,It's not mine. I took it from a kindergartner.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Yeah, right! My own son using a pussy stick! [brings up his southern accent again] Don't you know what these things are doin' to our way of life?! I've had enough!"
Tegridy Farms,Stan,What are you gonna do?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,You think I'm just gonna stand around while they destroy my family?! We've worked this farm and this land for over four days! I'm not about to let some vape queens take it all away from us! [walks out and slams the door shut]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's house, day. Kyle knocks at his door."
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,"[opens the door] Oh, hello, Kyle."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Mr. Mackey, I need to talk to you about some things going on at school."
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,"M'okay, like what?"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"[on the sofa, leans forward] Oh, hi Kyle."
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"[on the other sofa, leans to his right into view] Hey Kyle! [Kyle is rendered speechless. Cartman and Butters go to the door and stand on either side of Mr. Mackey.]"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,We were just talking to the counselor about some college opportunities. What are you doing here?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,You know what I'm doing here!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Okay, well, we really should talk first, Kyle."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"NO. Mr. Mackey, there's a big operation going on at the school"
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Kyle, things have changed. You need to listen."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Things are getting out of control-
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Kyle, listen! You want to hear this!"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,-and you need to know what's going on!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,You need to hear this!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,What?!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"We'lll be right back, Mr. Mackey. [takes Kyle by the hand and leaves with Butters and Kyle]"
Tegridy Farms,Mr. Mackey,Huh okay. [closes the door]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,On the sidewalk between two houses
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Let go of me! [Cartman lets go]
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Kyle, listen. It's bad."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,What's bad?!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"The guy we tried to frame at the vape shop. He was the one the sixth graders got their shit from. The sixth graders are pissed at us, Kyle! We have to break into the vape shop and steal enough stuff to make the sixth graders happy."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,You guys decided to beat up the dealer!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Yeah, but the sixth graders know you were there!"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,How?!
Tegridy Farms,Butters,'Cause Eric told them!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"We are all in this together, Kyle! We gotta rob the vape shop, and then we can put this all behind us."
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Please, Kyle! We still gotta pay people off!"
Tegridy Farms,Vaping Man,[breaks through the wooden fence behind the boys] Oh yeah! Hey bitches! Where's my motherfuckin' money?!
Tegridy Farms,Butters,Run!
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,Aah!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Aah!
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Robert Tepper - No Easy Way Out plays. Randy checks himself out on the mirror in the barn. He puts on the farm's logo shirt. He gets some hemp tape and wraps it around his hands, takes a swig of Tegridy Farms hemp milk, then gets into a fighting stance. He then puts on the hat he made for Stan and ""Two Princes"" plays again. He leaves the house ready to fight, and Sharon follows him out. She puts her fists on her hips"
Tegridy Farms,Robert Tepper,"We're not indestructible Baby, better get that straight. I think that its unbelievable How you give in to the hands of fate --"
Tegridy Farms,Spin Doctors,"One, two princes kneel before you That's what I said now"
Tegridy Farms,Sharon,"Randy, where are you going?"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,[turns around] Gonna go fight for my children's future. [walks away]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Big Vape, night. Loud rock music can be heard outside the building. Randy drives up to it on his tractor and turns the engine off. Randy barges in, and the music and chatter stop"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"All right, you bunch of vape-smoking' pussies! You try and take my way of life?! Time to show you some tegridy! [""No Way Out"" begins to play]"
Tegridy Farms,Patron,"Tegridy? What's tegridy? [Randy begins punching his way through the shop as ""Two Princes"" plays again and then mixes in with ""No Easy Way Out"". ""Hyeah! Ow! Ouch! Hey! Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Owie!""]"
Tegridy Farms,Spin Doctors/Robert Tepper,"That's what I said now One, two -- There's no easy way out That's what I said now One, two -- There's no shortcut home That's what I said now One, two -- There's no easy way out That's what I said now One, two -- Givin' in can't be wrong That's what I said now One, two -- There's no easy way out"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,[punches through a man] Get your stupid mist out of my fucking face!
Tegridy Farms,Bodybuilder,Hey! I like to vape. You think I'm a pussy?
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Yup! [takes him down in two blows]
Tegridy Farms,Bodybuilder,Ow! [Randy goes upstairs]
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,Big Vape attic. The boys are walking among the tanks used for storing the vapors. They stop at one and begin to siphon off the liquid from the tank into a five-gallon jug
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Wow! You're so smart to think of a siphon, Kyle!"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Just shut up and keep pumping!
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,What are you kids doing?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"Awww, shit!"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,You little hoodlums break in through the window?! I oughtta break your little legs!
Tegridy Farms,Randy,[appears behind him] I don't think so!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,Mr. Marsh!
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Just what the Sam Hell you boys doin' here?!
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"All right, listen. I should have talked to an adult from the beginning."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Kyle, what are you doing?"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,There are these three vaping syndicates at our school-
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,Kyle?
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,-and these guys are one of them.
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,Nononononono.
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"They had someone buying stuff from here for them, and then they sold it to kids."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Okay, Kyle, I'm calling Ronan Farrow. [takes out his phone and pretends to talk to Farrow]"
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"The sixth graders, these guys, and Becky Thompson are all at each other for control of the playground."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"Hello, Ronan? Eric Cartman. Yeah, hey."
Tegridy Farms,Kyle,"I was going to tell an adult, but these guys said they'd stop."
Tegridy Farms,Cartman,"So you know Kyle? Yeah, well, you're right about him."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"It's good you came clean, son. It shows that you've got- [the vape rep punches Randy across the face, then continues punching him]"
Tegridy Farms,Vape Rep,Didn't your mommy teach you it doesn't pay to mess with progress?!
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Yeah. She taught me somethin' else too! If you're gonna fight for your tegridy, don't forget to bring a towel."
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,"Vape on this, bitch! [jumps off Randy and wraps himself tightly around the vape rep's head. The vape rep's screams are muffled.]"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"Yeah! [punches the vape rep across the attic] Take that, stupid vaping! [delivers a knee to the vape rep, sending him into the Tropical Passion tank, making it hiss and squeak. Randy opens the valve, and does the same to the other tanks, sending them all into high pressure.] Move it boys! Come on, go go go! [follows them out the door, but stops first and turns around. He rolls a joint and smokes it, then tosses it into the vape mist. The tanks explode one by one, making the patrons run outside and away from the shop. The explosions eventually blow out the windows. Randy and the boys are the last to leave, so they turn around and watch the destruction.]"
Tegridy Farms,Butters,"Does this mean we're out of the vaping business, fellas?"
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, sunrise. A guitar starts to slowly play in the background, while Randy drives his tractor with Stan and Towelie riding along."
Tegridy Farms,Randy,It's in you. It's in me. A little somethin' called tegridy.
Tegridy Farms,Randy,"[turns off the tractor and stands up] Well, shit. Looks like we made it to another sunrise."
Tegridy Farms,Stan,"Oh God, this is just gonna get worse, isn't it?"
Tegridy Farms,Randy,Yup son. I think the fight's just startin'. Farmers like us are under attack.
Tegridy Farms,Towelie,Yupper. We got a lot of work to do. We can't let 'em take what makes us special.
Tegridy Farms,Scene Description,A jar of Tegridy Farms marijuana appears at the center of the screen as a voice-over begins to speak
Tegridy Farms,Voice-over,"Tegridy Weed, from Tegridy Farms. Made... with a little Colorado tegridy. Comin' soon to a dispensary near you."
The Scoots,Scene Description,An October afternoon in South Park. An adult narrates this story. We learn quickly that it is Kenny narrating.
The Scoots,Adult Kenny,"October was always my favorite month. [Stan and Kyle toss a football to each other. Two boys run past them with a kite] It was always that misty season when everyone embraced the weird and scary. [people are shown decorating their houses for the day.] Our little town was no different. [Stephen and Linda decorate their home for Halloween] I was just a kid back then. [Dr. Spooky's Pumpkin Patch is shown, with kids purchasing their own pumpkins] Me and all the other children were preparing for the greatest night of the year. [Mr. Mackey walks out with a couple of trash bags] But this Halloween was different, and it would change us all... forever."
The Scoots,Mr. Mackey,"Whoa! [trips over something and falls down] What the? [the something is an electric scooter someone left in front of his house. He stands up with his bags] Alright, who left their scooter here?! Okay?! Whose damn scooter is this?!"
The Scoots,Neighbor,[across the street] It isn't anybody's. They're e-scooters. Anyone can use them.
The Scoots,Mackey,E-scooters?
The Scoots,Neighbor,"Yeah, see? There's a bunch here and a bunch more down there. [points to his right, Mackey's left. Mackey looks and sees them on both sides of the street, standing on the sidewalk. Another neighbor trips over one on his way across the street.] Everyone can use them to get around town, you know? Leave them where they want for the next person."
The Scoots,Mackey,Well where the hell do they all come from?!
The Scoots,Neighbor,[flatly] Nobody knows. [Mackey is dumbfounded]
The Scoots,Scene Description,A sidewalk near the park. The boys stand around an e-scooter
The Scoots,Stan,So anyone can use them?
The Scoots,Cartman,"Yeah, I think they just work with your cell phone."
The Scoots,Kyle,How?
The Scoots,Stan,"Oh yeah, it has one of them little scan thingies. Let me see. [puts up his phone camera to the e-scooter, which scans the code on the e-scooter. A little ding is heard] Yeah, dude, it's downloading the app."
The Scoots,Cartman,Kewl!
The Scoots,Stan,"Aww, it wants a credit card number."
The Scoots,Cartman,Do you wanna use your mom's or my mom's?
The Scoots,Stan,Let's do your mom's
The Scoots,Cartman,3715 ...[Stan taps it into the app] 523 ...
The Scoots,Stan,Is that an AmEx?
The Scoots,Cartman,"Yeah, you want a visa? 8292 438 7766507"
The Scoots,Stan,Espiration?
The Scoots,Cartman,45261
The Scoots,Stan,Security code?
The Scoots,Cartman,"[without hesitation] 921 [two beeps follow, and the boys are good to go]"
The Scoots,Kyle,"Dude, it worked! [Stan puts his phone away and hops on the e-scooter, then begins riding it]"
The Scoots,Cartman,"How is it, dude?"
The Scoots,Stan,Pretty stupid but sweet.
The Scoots,Kyle,[turns around] Oh my God. Dude. Oh my God.
The Scoots,Cartman,What?
The Scoots,Kyle,We should use these things to trick or treat on Halloween!
The Scoots,Cartman,Hey yeah! We could cover so much more ground!
The Scoots,Stan,"[returns and stops] We'd get, like, more candy than anybody."
The Scoots,Kyle,Everybody get the app! This is gonna be the best Halloween ever! [he and Cartman whip out their phones and get the app. Kenny has nothing to do.]
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Oh wait, you guys. See, I don't have a phone.)"
The Scoots,Cartman,"Oh yeah, Kenny doesn't have a phone 'cause he's poor."
The Scoots,Kyle,"Oh. Well, that's okay. We'll figure it out. We always do!"
The Scoots,All,[raising fists] All right!
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park. Mr. Mackey parks in front of Tom's Rhinoplasty, gets out, and parks his car. He goes to Lolly's Candy Factory next door and notices the six e-scooters parked in front of it."
The Scoots,Mackey,"[spooked] What the... what the... fuck is going on? [goes inside the store, keeping his eyes on the e-scooters]"
The Scoots,Lolly,How can I help you?
The Scoots,Mackey,"Well I'm just gettin' my Halloween candy. Want to make sure I get enough. Last year I ran out and the kids egged my house, m'kay?"
The Scoots,Lolly,"Yeah, you don't wanna run out of candy on Halloween."
The Scoots,Mackey,"I'll take three large bags each of Snickers Fun Size, Payday Bite Size, Almand Joy Snack Size, and Reese's Teenie Weenie Size, m'kay?"
The Scoots,Lolly,Sounds like you wanna be prepared. [opens a large shopping bag for him and begins packing the bags inside]
The Scoots,Mackey,"Hey, c-can, can I ask you somethin'? Wha, what's up with all these damn scooters?"
The Scoots,Lolly,"Oh, I think you get an app on your phone and you can use them all over town."
The Scoots,Mackey,"No, but like, where did they come from? You know, it's like one day everything was fine, and the next there were these fuckin' scooters everywhere. [hands Lolly his AmEx card.]"
The Scoots,Lolly,You don't like scooters? [takes the card and places the charge on it]
The Scoots,Mackey,"I just think people should drive, m'kay? I don't think people should ""scoot."" I just... I just hope the future isn't ""scootin'."""
The Scoots,Lolly,"Well, they seem pretty convenient. [gives him back his card and the filled shopping bag] What can be so wrong about that? Happy Halloween. [Mackey leaves and finds... 20 scooters there where there were originally six. He hurries to his car]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"The Halloween Outlet, day. Everyone is in there getting their costumes, Kenny walks out with a traditional pumpkin pail"
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Woohoo!) [runs to Cartman's house] (Hey dude, check it out! I got my pail!)"
The Scoots,Cartman,"Great, cool. You got your pail."
The Scoots,Kenny,(Yup!)
The Scoots,Cartman,"Come on in, Kenny. Let's talk. [Kenny walks in, looks around, and ends up looking at Stan and Kyle. Cartman follows him] Go ahead. Take a seat, Ken. [Kenny sits on the sofa next to Kyle, Cartman sits next to him.] Okay Kenny, here's the deal. Um, you know that we have this awesome plan to trick-or-treat on e-scooters this year. YOU... don't have a phone."
The Scoots,Kyle,"Kenny, we've been talking and, the truth is, without a scooter, you're just gonna slow us down."
The Scoots,Cartman,It's probably best you trick or treat with someone else this year.
The Scoots,Kenny,(But we always trick or treat together)
The Scoots,Stan,"Yeah, but that's just it, Kenny. To use a scooter, you have to have a phone and... I mean, if we're waiting for you, we're gonna be as slow as all the other kids. It's... like, you know?"
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Guys, please.)"
The Scoots,Cartman,"Look, Kenny, I always told you that one day, being poor was gonna catch up with you. Okay? But you didn't wanna listen. You just kept on being poor, and now it's Halloween and you don't have a cell phone."
The Scoots,Kyle,"Okay, okay. Cartman, that's not the point."
The Scoots,Cartman,"He needs to hear this, Kyle. You know, people are just poor, and they think it's not gonna come back to bite them in the ass."
The Scoots,Kyle,"That's enough, dude!"
The Scoots,Stan,"We're sorry, Kenny. It's just... This awesome plan to get shitloads of candy doesn't... work with... you. [Kenny looks around and reads the mood, then takes his pail and leaves the house]"
The Scoots,Cartman,"Shouldn't have been poor, Kenny."
The Scoots,Scene Description,Downtown South Park. Mr. Mackey is driving in his car and singing.
The Scoots,Mackey,"There was a wee cooper what lived in Fife. Nickety, Nackety noo noonoo Hey Willy Wallacky, hey John Dougal. Alane quo roshety roo rooroo [Notices someone outside his window. It's a scooter rider sipping coffee from Starbucks and carrying a shoulder bag across his body. He begins to notice other riders, but this distracts him from the road ahead.] Whoa, shit! M'kay?! [he's at an intersection when another rider casually scoots in front of him on the crosswalk. He brakes hard, looks out his window and yells] Hey you had a goddamned red light!"
The Scoots,Rider 1,[long gone] Sorry.
The Scoots,Mackey,"[sighing] Whoa, Jesus Christ. [another rider runs into the car] Hey!"
The Scoots,Rider 2,[pulls his scooter off the car] Sorry.
The Scoots,Mackey,What the hell?! [the rider pulls the scooter off the car and rides away] Look at my car! Who's gonna pay for- [another rider runs into the car on the passenger side]
The Scoots,Rider 3,Sorry dude. [pulls the scooter off the car and rides away]
The Scoots,Mackey,"God damn it! Get off the goddamned street with those things! [begins to peel away when he encounters traffic going against him, consisting of nothing but scooter riders. He dodges them as best he can. He ends up bumping a few off.]"
The Scoots,Rider 4,Sorry.
The Scoots,Rider 5,"[lands on the hood of the car, then gets off some seconds later] Sorry bro."
The Scoots,Rider 6,"[lands on the trunk of the car, then gets off some seconds later] Sorry, dude."
The Scoots,Mackey,"Woh, fuck me!"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Clyde's house, afternoon. Clyde is seated with Token, Jimmy, and Butters. discussing their plan for Halloween over a map of the town."
The Scoots,Clyde,"As soon as the school bell rings, we find the nearest scooters and begin trick or treating in Butters' neighborhood here. Then at 3 p.m. we- [the doorbell rings]"
The Scoots,Jimmy,Sh sh-sh-sh-sh Shi sh-shi shit.
The Scoots,Clyde,Cover it! Cover it! [he and Jimmy pull out a blanket and throw it over the map. Token and Butters's help cover it up. Clyde goes to open the door and sees Kenny there.] Oh. Hey Kenny.
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Hey dude. Uh, look. I was wondering, do you think I could trick or treat with you guys this year?)"
The Scoots,Clyde,You wanna trick or treat with us? What about Stan and Kyle and those guys?
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Oh, you know, I just thought I'd switch it up this year, hehe)"
The Scoots,Clyde,"Yeah, look, don't tell anybody, but, um... we're gonna trick or treat on e-scooters this year. We're seriously gonna rake in the candy. Problem is, e-scooters work with a phone and pretty sure [slowly] you don't h-have one"
The Scoots,Kenny,(Oh I won't slow you guys down. I swear!)
The Scoots,Clyde,"Dude, it's trick or treat. It's not something we're just willing to mess around with, okay? [backs up and closes the door, then lowers his head in sadness]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Nighttime. For envelops the town while the moon shines overhead. Mr. Mackey's shadow pops out from behind a tree and looks around, then he sneaks into an alley. He begins pulling up scooters and tossing them into a Bargain Rentals pickup truck. he wades into the river and crosses it to the other side, then removes the scooters from that side of town. He tosses them onto the truck as well. He then chains a bunch of them together and scoots them down the street to the truck. He tosses them onto the growing pile and drives out of town. He drives them onto a high cliff and parks at the edge, then throws out the whole mass of scooters, kicking out any remaining ones. He then drives off the cliff and goes home to sleep. His phone beeps, waking him. He rubs his eyes and puts on his glasses, then is surprised to see a scooter in his room by the bed."
The Scoots,Mr. Mackey,"What the hell?? [walks backward into the bathroom, then turns around to find two more scooters by the toilet.] Aaaah! [Spooked, he goes downstairs when he hears someone run into the front door.]"
The Scoots,Rider 7,"Agh! [Mackey opens the door to see the rider dust himself off] Sorry, dude."
The Scoots,Mackey,"God damnit, where'd you get that?!"
The Scoots,Rider 7,"Oh, they're all over, dude. Super-convenient. Try it out. [scoots away. Mr. Mackey walks to the street and sees even more of them than he threw out the night before.]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, day. Bebe and Wendy sit at the table with four other girls. Kenny walks up to their table and sits between two of the girls."
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Hey guys!) [silence. He chuckles and says] (So listen, I was thinking, maybe I'd trick or treat with you guys this year!)"
The Scoots,Wendy,You wanna trick or treat with us? Why?
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Oh, you know! Just trying to be gender-neutral, hahahaha!)"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"At another table, Cartman sits with Stan, Kyle, Token, Jimmy, Clyde, and Butters"
The Scoots,Cartman,"So, uh, you guys think you're gonna get a lot of candy trick or treating this year?"
The Scoots,Butters,We're gonna get a butt-load of candy!
The Scoots,Token,"Shh! Butters, don't tell them our secret!"
The Scoots,Cartman,"Oh, we have a little secret too!"
The Scoots,Stan,But we're not gonna tell people 'cause they're gonna copy us. So let's just leave it at that.
The Scoots,Clyde,Fine by us. So what are you gonna be for Halloween?
The Scoots,Cartman,Be? I'm gonna be on an e-scooter taking all your candy! [Stan and Kyle flash angry looks at him] That's what I'm gonna be!
The Scoots,Kyle,Dude!
The Scoots,Cartman,Sorry!
The Scoots,Jimmy,Hey wait! That's what we're doing!
The Scoots,Stan,What?
The Scoots,Craig,Hold on! You guys are using e-scooters on Halloween too?
The Scoots,Wendy,"Oh, you jerks found out the girls are all trick or treating on e-scooters, and you stole our idea!"
The Scoots,Cartman,"Okay. Hold on! This is bullcrap! [all the kids begin arguing, destroying any chance Kenny had of enjoying a peaceful dinner. He walks away, head down.]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,South Park Community Center. Adult Kenny resumes the story.
The Scoots,Adult Kenny,It was the day before Halloween. All of our parents were gathered together to try and stop a nightmare from coming true.
The Scoots,Sgt. Yates,"[at the podium] All right, everyone. Quiet, please. We have a community crisis on our hands, and it's my job to keep you informed. As you know, there's been a rise in the use of e-scooters in our town. Officer Brown is head of crisis control. Officer?"
The Scoots,Officer Brown,"We have inside information that kids everywhere are going to be using e-scooters for tricks or treats. Now, with these things, kids and teens can cover a lot of ground in very little time. They can hit more houses than ever before. Because of the scooters, we also expect that people from all the neighboring counties will commute for tricks or treats in our town. Because of all of this, we believe each household needs to be prepared... with at least $6,000 worth of candy."
The Scoots,Jimbo,"$6,000?"
The Scoots,Stephen,"Well that's ridiculous! We, we can't all buy that much candy! Let's just get rid of those scooters!"
The Scoots,Townsfolk,Yeah! That's right! Let's do it!
The Scoots,Mackey,"[stands up] You can't get rid of them! I tried! You all just sat there while those things piled up on our sidewalks! You all rode 'em around, m'kay?! I saw you! You could have used your cars, but you just had to scoot! [makes his way to the podium] And now tricks or treats is here! Well I'll tell you one thing! I'm not gonna let my house get egged this year for not havin' enough candy! So what are we gonna do?!"
The Scoots,Townsman,"We gotta get more candy! [after a moment of silence, everyone scrambles out the door with a sense of urgency. Mackey joins them]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, evening. Mr. Mackey drives up in his car and screeches to a halt in front of Tom's Rhinoplasty. He leaves his car and locks it, then runs into Lolly's Candy Factory next door to get whatever candy he can just as everyone else runs out of there."
The Scoots,Mackey,Get-whoa-get out of the way! [goes inside. A female customer leaves with the last of the goodies]
The Scoots,Lolly,"Look, I got nothin' left, all right?"
The Scoots,Mackey,What did you-? Get me some of those Hi-Chews.
The Scoots,Lolly,Those are already accounted for by folks who called in!
The Scoots,Mackey,"Well then let me, let me have the Whatchamacallits?"
The Scoots,Lolly,Those are for me! I've gotta protect my own house!
The Scoots,Mackey,"Look, you've gotta give me some more fuckin' candy! [Lolly bends over, pulls up a rifle, and aims it at Mr. Mackey]"
The Scoots,Lolly,There's nothin' left here. You've gotta go somewhere else! [Mr. Mackey turns and runs out]
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Food 4 Little, later. Mr. Mackey peels into a parking spot and grabs a cart as soon as he can. He runs through the store"
The Scoots,Mackey,"Where, where's the candy, m'kay? Candy? [stops when he sees an associate] Uhh, what aisle is the candy in?"
The Scoots,Associate,"Uh, aisle 7."
The Scoots,Mackey,"[resumes running] Uh 7, aisle 7! [reaches it and turns to see empty, trashed shelves. A couple of people have fallen victim to the stampede]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Halloween, day. A wind blows some leaves around all over town. South Park Elementary is ow crowded with e-scooters up front. The kids are dressed up for Halloween and look around at each other warily, ready to be the first one out the classroom door as soon as the bell rings. Butters too looks around warily, but all of a sudden brightens up. He looks at the clock on the wall. Meanwhile, Kenny walks to Mr. Mackey's office, sighs, and knocks on the door."
The Scoots,Mackey,"[divvies up the candy so every kid gets the same amount and composition] Twenty Reese's Pieces, one Twix, sixteen Raisinets. [Kenny knocks again] Just... just a minute! Twelve Hat Tamles, half a Nestle Crun- [Kenny knocks again] Okay, come in! [Kenny finally walks in and closes the door, then takes a seat] What you want?"
The Scoots,Kenny,"(I, I just... It's Halloween and I should be happy, but I'm not happy at all.)"
The Scoots,Mackey,Wait. Are you here for counseling?
The Scoots,Kenny,(Yeah! What should I do? I'm gonna miss trick-or-treating. It sucks.)
The Scoots,Mackey,"Do you realize it's about to be World War III out there?! We have bigger problems! Consider yourself lucky, M'kay?! Everyone's gonna be scootin' and there's no way to stop it. Why are you the one kid who doesn't want to use them?"
The Scoots,Kenny,(I can't use one. I don't have a phone.)
The Scoots,Mackey,What do you mean? You can't use those things without a phone?
The Scoots,Kenny,"(No. It sucks. Halloween was a night without phones, man.)"
The Scoots,Mackey,"But Kenny, if that's true, then... could there be a way to cut the connection?"
The Scoots,Kenny,(I don't know. I guess if you-) [snaps his fingers] (Wait a minute. Take down the cell phone tower. Then nobody has a phone on Halloween!)
The Scoots,Mackey,Jesus! You really think that could work?!
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Yeah! I just have to ride thirty minutes outside of town! Oh, wait. I can't. I don't have a scooter.)"
The Scoots,Mackey,"[voice trembling] No. You don't need a scooter, 'cause I got a fuckin' car. [Kenny gets pumped]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Tegridy Farms, day. Stephen and Linda drive up and park. Randy opens the front door to greet them"
The Scoots,Randy,Yehello?
The Scoots,Stephen,"Heh hey Randy. Linda and I, we... we were talkin' about how we never see you guys anymore, and we were thinking we'd hang out with you for Halloween, heh."
The Scoots,Randy,"Oh, I see. You want a place to hide on Halloween night, and you thought out here on the farm you'd be safe."
The Scoots,Stephen,"Well, that, and we really wanna hang with you guys."
The Scoots,Linda,[giggles nervously] Yes.
The Scoots,Randy,You think them fancy e-scooters don't make it out here? We're gonna be bombarded just like you city folk.
The Scoots,Stephen,"Then please, Randy, can we just borrow a little candy?"
The Scoots,Randy,I gotta keep what I have.
The Scoots,Stephen,"Please, Randy, the stores are all out! Just a few Milky Ways to get us through the first couple hours, please! We can cut 'em up. We can- we can hand them out little pieces at a time."
The Scoots,Randy,"[steps backward up the porch steps] I gotta protect my own, Stotch! I'm sorry. [turns and walks inside]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"In the car, moments later."
The Scoots,Linda,[in a panic] What are we gonna do??
The Scoots,Stephen,"It's okay, Linda! It's okay! On Halloween night, I'll... I'll just one of those e-scooters myself. I'll go around and, and I'll trick-or-treat. I'll... I'll get a bunch of-"
The Scoots,Linda,"[grabs his right hand] No, you can't leave me alone!"
The Scoots,Stephen,"[grabs her shoulders] I'll get a bunch of candy, Linda, and I'll bring it back to our house for us to hand out! It's going to be okay."
The Scoots,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary. The school bell rings and the kids flood out to get at the e-scooters. Clyde gets on a scooter, but Kyle pulls him off and takes it. Butters runs for a scooter, but Cartman catches up to him and punches him away. The kids fan out around town. Gerald is at his front door dishing out candy as fast as possible"
The Scoots,Gerald,"Aah! Aaaah! Here! Here, take it! Just take it!"
The Scoots,Richard,[Dishes out candies to the trick-or-treaters in a panic] OH GOD! WE NEED MORE 3 MUSKETEERS! WE CAN'T BE OUT! THERE HAS TO BE MORE!!
The Scoots,Kyle,[comes into view with Cartman and Stan] Jesus Christ! Where'd all these other people come from?!
The Scoots,Cartman,"We have to get more candy than anyone else, even if we die!"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"The road to South Park, night. The sign for Mr. Hankey's Holiday Pageant now has CANCELLED spray-painted on it. Kids and teens from out of town begin streaming in. Again, Mr. Mackey has to avoid the oncoming riders, but Kenny is with him now."
The Scoots,Mackey,The tower should be just over that ridge.
The Scoots,Kenny,(Let's just hope to hell this works.)
The Scoots,Rider 8,"[a woman they bump off] Oof, Sorry."
The Scoots,Mackey,"What gives them the right, huh? I mean, some big company came and dumped a bunch of scooters everywhere without asking anyone if it was okay."
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Yeah, people don't even care if shit's dumped everywhere. Everyone just loves technology)"
The Scoots,Mackey,"Yeah, you're right. You're a good kid, Kenny. I always thought so. I know we kind of all forget about you sometimes, but you're smart, compassionate, and you might even make a good counselor someday. [looks ahead again, but bumps into another rider]"
The Scoots,Rider 9,"Sorry, dude."
The Scoots,Scene Description,"Jimbo and Ned's house, night. The trick-or-treaters swarm outside the house while Jimbo and Ned dish out the candy"
The Scoots,Jimbo,"Keep going, Ned! Don't you give up on me!"
The Scoots,Stephen,"[scoots up to them, pushing people out of the way] Move it! Get out of my way! [holdds up his pail] Trick or treat!"
The Scoots,Jimbo,"The hell are you doing, Stotch?"
The Scoots,Stephen,Happy Halloween! Trick or Treat!
The Scoots,Jimbo,You're just trying to get our candy for your house!
The Scoots,Stephen,That's not true!
The Scoots,Jimbo,You don't even have a costume!
The Scoots,Stephen,Yes I do! I'm Megyn Kelly! Now trick or treat!
The Scoots,Scene Description,"The neighborhood streets, night. The boys have done so well that their bags are bulging with candy"
The Scoots,Kyle,That's it! I can't go anymore!
The Scoots,Cartman,"Keep moving, Kyle!"
The Scoots,Stan,"Dude, we can't carry any more candy!"
The Scoots,Cartman,"All right, over here. Come on!"
The Scoots,Kyle,What are we doing?
The Scoots,Cartman,"We've gotta make room for more candy. Come on. Eat as much as you can. [they open their bags and start shoveling candy into their mouths, eating as much as they can]"
The Scoots,Kyle,I don't... I don't know how I can keep doing this.
The Scoots,Cartman,"Yes you can, Kyle."
The Scoots,Stan,I can't any more. [throws up into his bag]
The Scoots,Scene Description,"A half hour out of town, night. Mr. Mackey and Kenny drive towards a wireless cell tower guarded by a chain-link fence"
The Scoots,Kenny,(Find a way inside. I'll climb the tower.)
The Scoots,Mackey,"Okay, sounds good! [they're confronted by a security guard in costume]"
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Oh, fuck!) [the guard is dressed as Jason Voorhees]"
The Scoots,Mackey,Jesus Christ! [slashing sounds are heard. The guard removes his mask]
The Scoots,Guard,"I'm all out of candy, all right?! Go look somewhere else!"
The Scoots,Mackey,We're not here for tricks or treats!
The Scoots,Guard,"Yeah, sure! That's what the last people said! Then they dumped my entire bowl in a pillowcase!"
The Scoots,Kenny,"(Dude, relax. It's okay.)"
The Scoots,Guard,"I'm just a security guard, all right?! [slides the mask back down over his face] We never even used to have trick-or-treaters out this far!"
The Scoots,Mackey,"That's why he has to take down this cellphone tower: To stop the scooters! Jason, I'm a counselor. You need to trust me. [the guard tilts his head to the right]"
The Scoots,Scene Description,The trick-or-treaters swarm outside the police station and pound on its walls. Police officers inside the station stay low and armed. One of them covers his ears
The Scoots,Yates,"There's a bowl of Rice Krispie treats at the side door! The side door, you animals!"
The Scoots,Officer,"Detective, look!"
The Scoots,Scene Description,"A TV is seen from their location, showing a newscast from New York. Times Square is torn to shreds, with glass panels littering the ground"
The Scoots,Reporter,We are two hours ahead here! New York has completely run out of candy! [static ruins the image and the TV goes dark]
