"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Dude, we have to try."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Clyde,I've got better things to do.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Clyde, Clyde! [moves around his podium to talk to Clyde more directly] If you had a chance right now to go back in time and stop Hitler, wouldn't you do it? [beat] I mean, I personally wouldn't stop him because I think he was awesome, but you would, right?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Clyde,[unshaken] I'm just gonna stop playing.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"When Hitler rose to power there were a lot of people who just stopped playing. You know who those people were? The French! Are you French, Clyde?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Clyde,No.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, Clyde? (Would you like to sleep with me, Clyde?)"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Clyde,"All right all right, I'll do it!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Jimmy,So what's the p-plan?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, you all login from your computers at precisely 7:30. [walks up to a map of their quest] We will meet here, on the plains of the elven forest near Westfall. My friends, to victory!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",All,To victory!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,I don't play World of Warcraft.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Butters, you said you were on your computer all the time!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,"Yeah, but I'm playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Butters, go buy World of Warcraft, install it on your computer, and join the online sensation before we all murder you."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,"O-oh, o-oh, a-alright. All right then."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"World of Warcraft, near Westfall. The camera looks upon a meadow, then pans down to show a group of characters. Cartman is marshaling his forces."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, you guys, this is it! When the attack begins, all warriors click on defensive stance. Everyone else, wait for Craig to cast his intellect buff."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Token,[playing a black warrior] Okay.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Craig,Got it.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"The battle is sure to be long, so make sure you all have your special abilities macroed to your keyboards."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Jimmy,"All right, Eric. You can c-c-count on us."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Timmy,Timmy!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,This shall be a day for all to remember! Let us bravely charge the fields of Azeroth! [another dwarf walks in looking just like Cartman's dwarf] From with-
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,"Hey fellas! [Cartman's dwarf looks over] Boy, this is neato, huh?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Butters? What the hell are you doing?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,"I got World of Warcraft, like you said."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"You can't be the dwarf character, Butters, I'm the dwarf."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,"Well, there's only like four races to choose from-"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"So pick another one! I'm the dwarf, you stupid asshole! Log out, create a new character, and log back in!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Butters,[walks off grumbling] I like Hello Kitty Island Adventure a lot more 'n this stuff.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Come on, let's do this!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Jason,"Yeah, my mom says I have to be in bed at 9:30."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,[turns around and leads] Then let's move out! [the others charge after him]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"A field. The ganker walks along his merry way, but with one armswing he slaughters other players nearby with an energy blast. It's a very effective move."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Look! There he is!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Everyone hold! [everyone stops in their tracks. The ganker turns around and faces them.]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,He's targeting us.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Prepare to charge! Scroll over him with your mouse cursors! And...Right-click! [that sends the group charging at the ganker, who responds by summoning an army of giant scorpions] What the? Oh Jesus, he summoned scorpions! [the actual rogue player is shown in his apartment, leaning back on his chair and playing without needing to think very much about what to do next. His character and scorpions decimate the group]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Tweek,"Aaaa! [his character runs all over the place, with no one offering to smother him and put out the flames] I'm burning! Oh Jesus I'm burning! [a scorpion kills Kenny's character nearby]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Jimmy,"Kenny's down. K-k-kenny is down. [Tweek is still burning, running around]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Ike,[purple mage] I'm gonna poop on my pants.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Ike, look out! [the ganker rushes in and stabs him in the back]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Ike,Aah Kyle! [Ike is out of the game. Stan runs through a group of scorpions]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, Clyde, hit him with your crossbow! [Clyde's character looks like he's about to aim a crossbow] Hit him now, Clyde! Clyde? Clyde! [Clyde is at his computer, but not participating in the game. He's looking at Playboy centerfolds.] Clyde! Clyde, you asshole! [rushes to join the others] Goddammit we lost Clyde!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"Nearby, Stan is fending off scorpions, and the blond hunter walks up."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Hey, Stan, can I play with you guys? [Stan's character turns around]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Dad??
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Yeah, I'm playing from the office."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Dad, get off our teamspeak line!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Token,"[the ganker kills him] That's it, I'm dead!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"[the ganker kills him. He throws off his headset again] That's it, screw this game!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"No, leave me alone, don't do- [the ganker stabs Cartman with his dagger through the mallet] god, dugh [Cartman dies, and the ganker skips away. Cartman screams into his mic, then throws down his headset] God-fucking-dammit!!! [meanwhile, in his apartment, the ganker just keeps plugging along.]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,The Blizzard boardroom.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 3,Oh Jesus...Oh God no...
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,What?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 3,He just finished killing every single player in the Arathi Highlands.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,How many people's characters were in there?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 2,Over five thousand. [some of the members sit down. Member 1 rises]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,"There are over seven million people who log on to World of Warcraft! Are you telling me all those people's characters are going to die, and there's nothing we can do to save them?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,"Yes. And it won't be long before everyone gets really really frustrated and stops playing altogether. Gentlemen, this could very well lead to the end of the World...of Warcraft."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 5,[grabs his head] No! Nooooooooo!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"The neighborhood park. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny are playing basketball. Cartman enters the park."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,What the hell are you guys doing?? Don't tell me you all quit playing World of Warcraft too?!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Dude, we're done. we're sick of getting killed all the time."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Guys, when things look bad, you can't just give up on the world. Of Warcraft."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"We don't have a choice, dude. That guy killed our characters 14 times."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"I have a solution, you guys. That guy can kill us so easily because he's a super-high level, right? What if we were super-high level too?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,We can't get to a higher level because that dude doesn't let us finish quests!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"That's why we just need to log in and stay in the forest, killing boars."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Boars?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,There's lots of computer-generated boars in Warcraft that die with just one blow.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Dude, boars are only worth two experience points apiece. Do you know how many we would have to kill to get up 30 levels?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Yes. [whips out a sheet full of calculations] Sixty-five million three hundred and forty thousand two hundred and eighty five. Which should take us seven weeks five days thirteen hours and twenty minutes, giving ourselves three hours a night to sleep. What do you say, guys? You can just...you can just hang outside in the sun all day tossin' a ball around, [firmly] or you can sit at your computer and do somethin' that matters."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"World of Warcraft. ""Live to Win"" by Paul Stanley begins to play. The four friends are back in the forest looking for boars. They slaughter the boars as they come upon the groups of them. Cartman chugs down energy drinks and has doughnuts and other sweets around his keyboard. He wipes his mouth dry with his jacket sleeve. In the McCormick living room Kenny plays while his parents argue in the background. In Gerald's den, Ike nourishes Kyle on the fly. The days fly by, starting at September 3...During recess and lunch, as the other kids play outside as usual, the boys are at computers at the school's computer lab playing WoW. As Tweek, Craig, Clyde, Kevin, and Token play football in the street outside, Stan plays WoW in his room. Day passes into night and back into day..."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Paul Stanley,"Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyes!Live to win, take it all, just keep fighting till you fall! Day by day, kickin' all the way, I'm not cavin' inLet another round begin, live to winYeah! [...and back into night...Stan's first pimples appear and his face is fatter.]Live! [More pimples appear, and his hair begins to look matted]Yeah!Win! [He's gotten fatter than Cartman normally is, to the point where he's too fat to wear his jacket anymore]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,The Blizzard boardroom. Executives are monitoring the gameplay.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 3,"Sir, you'd better have a look at this! Four of our subscribers...They've gone up fifty levels in three weeks."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,My God...they must have no lives at all.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 3,A hope?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,A chance.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Paul Stanley,"Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyesLive to win, take it all, just keep fighting 'till you fallDay by day, kickin' all the way, I'm not cavin' inLet another round begin, live to winLive to winLive to winYeah, win."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"Kyle's room, 6:30 a.m. He rises from bed, which means he went to bed at 3:30 a.m. He's gotten as big and pimply as Stan. He hops out of bed, heads for his father's den and then to the computer and logs into the game to slaughter more boars."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Dude, my mouse-clicking finger hurts."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Keep clicking, Kyle! You can do it!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"Kenny's playing from the living room. Stan is at his dad's computer now, and Randy looks in on him. Stan earns an xp of 142. Cartman has gotten so big he looks like Jabba the Hutt. His fingers are shown up close typing away. Kyle flexes his right wrist and fingers to get circulation back in them, them resumes playing the game. More boar slaughter ensues. Next, Cartman is shown on the toilet crapping away and reading the World of Warcraft game manual. Stan's left hand is shown typing away. Kenny's still at it, but he's not as big as Stan is now. Stan looks like a huge baby...with pimples. Back at school, the boys are back in the computer lab playing away. As the music ends, Cartman raises his fist seemingly in victory"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"The Blizzard boardroom, night. The president looks out over the city from the boardroom. He stands at a table in front of the window, on which stand some WoW statuettes."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,The admins tell us they are four players from a small town in Colorado.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,Are they strong enough to defeat the Evil One?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 5,"[wearing a black T-shirt with the green words ""Dwarf Needs FOOD!"" on it] We ran the numbers: even with their amazing rise in levels, they have a 90% mortality probability. They'd be walking in a slaughter!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,There has to be...someway we can help them.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 6,What about...the Sword of a Thousand Truths?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 7,"Quiet, Thomas! We aren't even to speak of that sword!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Thomas,But maybe these new players are the ones the prophecy foretold of.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 7,It is not an option!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Thomas,What is this sword?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,"Long ago, when the World of Warcraft was created, one of the programmers put a sword called the Sword of a Thousand Truths into the game inventory. Apparently it could cause 120 damage per second, with an instant mana burn and an enchantment that boosts its stamina +80."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 7,But the sword was considered to be too powerful for anyone to possess. So it was removed from the game and stored on a one-gig flash drive.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Thomas,"But it was foretold that one day, players who could wield the sword might reveal themselves."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,Who foretold this prophecy?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,Soltzman. He's an accountant.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"The accountants' room, night. The executives open the door and walk in slowly, softly. Member 1 opens the top drawer and pulls out a small safe, gets the key and opens it. The President reaches in side and pulls out the small flash drive."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,"Behold, the Sword of a Thousand Truths. [the flash drive gets its close-up] We must get this sword to the ones who have proven they have no life. Let's just hope to Christ they don't start the battle before we can reach them."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"Cartman's basement, night. The boys have taken their computers and assembled them in the basement. They are all now connected and online."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, you guys. The Moment of Truth is here. It is time for our final battle. Everyone, log in!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,I'm in.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Me too.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kenny,(Me too.)
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"[begins to slur his speech ever so slightly, giving it a blasé feel] Everyone equip healing potions to the hotbar if you haven't already. Uh, Kyle, go ahead and cast Arcane Brilliance to raise our intelligence."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Hang on, I'm chaining my fire spells for max range."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Nice. Stan, what enchantment does your Cloak of the Tiger have?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,+15 agility.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Give the cloak to Kenny, he needs the agility boost for bow attacks."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,'K.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Hold on, this fight could last more than twelve hours. What if we run out of food?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Don't worry, I have that covered. [pressed a button on a small intercom on his desk] Mom?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Liane,Yes hon?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,More Hot Pockets!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Liane,"[answering at the other end] Right away, hon. [Cartman turns it off]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,That's übercool.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, everyone ready?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle/Stan,Ready.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Let's go get him! [the battle begins. The rogue is playing with the right hand, eating a cookie with the left.]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Wait, I think I see him. Yeah, yeah, he's here in Goldshire."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Okay, everyone open your uplifts and autolocate to Stan."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,What's the autolocate macro?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Command-0. [sniffs]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Okay, right behind Stan."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Kenny, get ready to turn on true-shot aura. At that moment, I will use intimidating shout."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Okay, he sees us...He's targeted us."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Okay, hit him with pyroblast, Kyle."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Casting...there's an 8-second cast time.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Aren't you spec'd to reduce cast time?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"No, ah, I'm an arcane fire mage."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Christ...
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Cast on him again.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Everyone target scorpions.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"World of Warcraft, final battle. The four boys are attacking the ganker, who's just defending himself right now, mostly attacking Kenny. Seventeen hours later...the rogue is sitting up, signifying that he's paying attention now that the boys have battled him this long without dying. Meanwhile, the President of Blizzard and Member 1 arrive at Stan's house. Member 1 bangs on the door. The door opens"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Yes?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,We are looking for a great knight by the name of LovesToSpooge.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,That's my son's character's name in Warcraft.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,Where is he?!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Who are you?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,"Sir, we don't have time! We just heard from our admins that your son's party is already in battle!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,"Unless they have this sword, [pulls out the flash drive] your son's character is going to die!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"[close-up, Randy's eyes widen] Nn-Oh my God! [drops his coffee cup and runs upstairs. The two other men look at each other and follow]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Back in the World of Warcraft the battle continues.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Kyle! Fire spell!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Aaaa... [starts generating the spell, but it abruptly goes out] AH! Huh?! [his character grabs her right wrist with her left hand]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Kyle! [Kyle leaves his desk grabbing onto his right hand, then flexes his right wrist around. Stan leaves his desk and approaches him] Kyle! Dude, what's wrong?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Carpal tunnel! Carpal tunnel! It's aaaah! [pain shoots through his wrist as he continues flexing his wrist and stretching his fingers]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Oh, Jesus, he's got it bad! [Cartman walks over]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Wait, we need Ben-Gay. [waddles to Kenny's desk desk and pulls out a tube of the stuff, then walks back and squirts some of it onto Kyle's right wrist, then rubs it in.]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Hurry dude!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,I'm going as fast as I can!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Kyle, you have to keep playing."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,I can't. Just leave me behind.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,We can't do this without you now! Come on! [he and Cartman help Kyle back to his computer]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Stan's room. The computer is missing. Randy and the two executives run in
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Stan?! Stan! [turns around and sees Sharon walk by with the laundry] Sharon, where is Stan?!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Sharon,I don't know. He took his computer somewhere to play that stupid online game.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,Stupid?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Where?!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Sharon,I don't know.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Sharon, his character is going to die if we don't get to him!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Sharon,So what?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",The three men,So what?! [Sharon rolls her eyes and walks away]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,We're too late. Without the sword the players will fail.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,"I-if we could get to a computer, we could sign on to the World of Warcraft and give the boys the sword online."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,I don't have a World of Warcraft account. Do you?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,"No, I have a life. [the men fall silent]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Give me the sword.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,You?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"I have a Warcraft character. I'm a newb, but I can log on and get the sword to Stan online."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,We can't trust the Sword of a Thousand Truths to a newb!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Sounds to me like we don't have a choice! Give me the sword. [Member 1 kneels and reverently gives the USB drive to Randy. Randy holds it above his head like an actual sword] Ahhhh. Come on, we've got to get to a computer that works! [runs out of the house with the other two men behind him]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"Outside, night, snowing."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Where's your car?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,We took a cab here!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Dammit, mine's in the shop! [runs out into the street] Uh hey! Eh help! Stop! [a car slows down] Please, it's an emergency! [the driver opens his door, Randy yanks him out and knocks him out with one punch. Randy and the other two men get in the car and speed away. The driver comes to and looks on. Randy is now on his cell phone] Nelson! Nelson, I need to come over and use your computer! No, I d-I need to play World of Warcraft! NELSON!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"The rogue's apartment, day. He's eating tortilla chips. Part of one falls onto his shirt. He looks at it and scoots it off, then goes back to playing without missing a beat."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Cartman's basement. The boys haven't missed a beat either.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, major stone shield potions should be...Oh God, I'm going to have diarrhea again. Ohhh...Duuuh..."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"You can't go to the bathroom, you're stacking sunder armor!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,It's okay. [clicks on the intercom] Mom? Bathroom!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Liane,What hon?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Bathroom! Bathroom! [clicks off. A second later Liane goes into the basement with a bedpan. Cartman senses this and lowers his pants as Liane positions the bedpan in place. Cartman lets go and a log comes out first, followed by a spattering stream of crap. Some of it ends up on the floor, some of it on Liane's blouse. Nasty.]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Liane,"Oohh, that's a big boy, isn't he? [walks away with the poop. Cartman lifts his pants back in place without cleaning his ass]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, Kenny, drink your elixir of the mongoose. I'm now going to use mocking blow."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"The road, night. Randy hangs up and rests his cell phone when he notices a Best Buy off to his left. He pulls into the parking lot and runs into the store. He grabs a greeter."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,World of Warcraft! I need to play!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Greeter,Our demo is set up right over by the- [Randy runs to the demo. A small boy is playing the game. Randy shoves him off and logs him out.]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Got to...sign in...character name...All right, I'm in! [puts on the headset]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Cartman's basement.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Dude, I'm almost dead."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Kyle, cast arcane missiles!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"I'm out of mana, I told you."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Within the game.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,[his character leaves the battle] I've gotta heal. [his character turns to see the battle]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"Staaan! [Stan's character looks around trying to determine where the voice is coming from, then turns around]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Dad? Not now!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Stan! I've been sent here...to bring you this. [holds the Sword of a Thousand Truths aloft] This sword can completely drain his mana.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Dad, how did you get that?!"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"No time! Just take it! Here! [the sword stays fixed to his left hand] ...How, how do you hand something from one player to another?"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Bring up your inventory screen: Control-I...
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Okay. [The ganker notices the lull in action and faces Stan. Cartman is alarmed and spins around to look at Stan.]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Stan, what the hell are you doing?! [the ganker runs and leaps toward Stan and Randy]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,I got it! [the ganker stabs Randy and Randy goes down]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Augh!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Dad!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,Stan... [falls down face first]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"Dad, no! [turns around to face the ganker] You killed my father. [walks up to the ganker and strikes him with one blow of the sword. The ganker's defenses start to crack.]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,His shield and armor spells are down!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,"Attack! [Kenny quickly takes his bow and arrow and fires an arrow into the ganker's chest. Kyle fires an energy ball at the ganker. The energy ball knocks the knife from the ganker's hand and disables him some more. He falls to the ground on all fours, and the dwarf approaches him, ready to smash the ganker's head in with the mallet]"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Looks like you're about to get pwned. [swings back and then pulls the mallet forward] Heeyeah! [the mallet smashed the ganker's head into little bloody pieces.]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"The rogue's apartment. The rogue sits at his desk as usual, but now his mouth is slightly open in astonishment. Random noises follow, and his game is through."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,"Within the game, Stan throws away the Sword of a Thousand Truths and rushes up to his father's dying character. He shakes the character around a bit"
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Dad? Dad?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,"[answers] Staaan. [falters a bit, but Stan holds him up] I've never been able to say this before, but...I love you, son."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,"I know you do, Dad."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Randy,[swats Stan's hand away] Augh! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Cuts to Randy continuing the melodrama at the demo desk in Best Buy.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Member 1,They did it!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",President,Our world is saved! [Randy smiles]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Within the game. The boys' characters gather around the fallen ganker. Other characters appear and gather around the group
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Man 1,They did it! They killed him! [leaves his hiding place. Others follow]
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Man 2,They did it!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Woman,They killed him! We can come out!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Yes!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,We did it!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,Yeah!
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Scene Description,Cartman's basement.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Yeah.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Yeah yeah.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"All right, yay."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kenny,(Woohoo! Oh man!)
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,We did it you guys. We're totally heroes.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,That was such über pwnage
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,I can't believe it's all over. What do we do now?
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,What do you mean? Now we can finally play the game.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Kyle,Oh yeah.
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Cartman,"Okay Kenny, add Eyes of the Beast to your hotbar. Stan, check your fury talents to boost your shots."
"Make Love, Not Warcraft",Stan,Got it.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, Fourth Grade classroom, day. Mrs. Garrison launches into her lesson"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mrs. Garrison,"And so, class, that is when Joe Lee countered back to Aniston and said things like- [the door opens and Mr. Mackey enters the classroom, looking quite pissed. Mr. Mackey walks by Mrs. Garrison without saying a word] Oh hello, Mr. Mackey."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"[faces the class] All the girls go out in the hall please? I need to speak with the boys of this class, m'kay? [the girls leave their seats and go into the hall] Boys, we have a very serious problem! I've just come from the men's restroom, and somebody went number 2 in the urinal! [Mrs. Garrison's jaw drops at the behavior, then she gets concerned. The boys just blink at Mr. Mackey]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,What's a urinal?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,A wall toilet for peeing in.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"And some jokester took a poop in it! Okay? Now I want whoever did it to come forward right now, and it will be less painful for everybody! M'kay?!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Jimmy,Who would take a d-dump in a urinal? It's such a s-senseless crime.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"Mr. Mackey, I think you might want to entertain that this is some kind of conspiracy, just like 9/11."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Oh God, here we go again! 9/11 was not a conspiracy, fatass!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"Oh really?! Do you just believe everything you're told, Kyle?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"Excuse me!! Could we get back to the issue, please?! You all don't seem to understand how serious this is!! Now who made dookie in the urinal?! [the boys just laugh] Oh, you think it's funny, huh?! M'kay! M'kay! You're gonna think it's real funny when the police get here!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Men's- er, Boys' Room, later. The police are in there with Mr. Mackey. Police tape has been placed around the urinal"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Officer 1,"I'm sorry, Mr. Mackey, but there just isn't really any evidence to go on."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,But there must have been some motive. Nobody would just dook in the urinal for no reason.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Officer 1,But who would benefit from crapping in the urinal? Uh this is too big a mystery for me. I think we'd better call in the Hardly Boys.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"A montage of the Hardly Boys follows. The following titles appear: The Secret of the Lost Tunnel, The Hooded Hawk Mystery, The Clue of the Broken Blade, The Mystery of the Spiral Bridge..."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Narrator,The Hardly Boys. Two young whippersnappers with a knack for solving mysteries. The Hardly Boys in: [the cover of book 37 is shown] The Mystery of the Urinal Turd.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"The Hardly Boys are now with the police officer in front of the boys' room. Mr. Mackey observes nearby. The Boys have screwed-up smiles, suggesting buck teeth"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Officer 1,"So, that's it, Hardly Boys, we've got no leads and nobody admitting to the crime."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,That sure is a mystery.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,"Yeah, it sounds super-hard."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,Whoever did it must have been angry with the school. Oh... Oooo... I think I'm getting a clue.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,F-really?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,"Yeah, this is totally giving me a clue right now."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,[turns to Frank] Oh... I'm starting to get a clue too.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,My clue is kind of pointing this way.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,"[moves to his left, to where Frank's clue is pointing] Ohhgh. Yeah, now I've got a total clue."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,I've still got a raging clue.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,[turns right] My clue's pointing over there now!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,"Oh, let's follow that clue! [move off to the right and away from the boys' room.]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,The school bell rings and the kids pour out into the hall
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Did they find out who crapped in the urinal yet?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Not yet.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"They aren't going to find out who did it. But they'll make up a scapegoat, send him to detention, and make us all believe it. It'll be 9/11 all over again."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Will you shut up about 9/11!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"Kyle, why are you so afraid of the truth?!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Because anybody who thinks 9/11 was a conspiracy is a retard!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,Oh really? Well did you know that over one-fourth of people in America think that 9/11 was a conspiracy? Are you saying that one-fourth of Americans are retards?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Yes. I'm saying one-fourth of Americans are retards.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Yeah, at least one-fourth."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Let's take a test sample: There's four of us, you're a retard, that's one-fourth."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"...There are soo many people who know the truth, Kyle. Uh Butters! [sees Butters walking towards the group]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,"Hey, fellas!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"Butters, do you think 9/11 was just a plot by some angry terrorists, or do you think there was some kind of coverup?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,"Well, I heard that 9/11 was caused by President Bush."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,Aha! Do you see?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Where did you hear that?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,[points] From Eric.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,I rest my case.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"[walks up and stands next to Butters] Butters, you don't really believe that, do you?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,"Well, l-uh, I mean, uh, you never know. Uh, the government does some pretty spooky things. The government and the corporations headed by the Jews that tear down 9/11."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"That's right, Butters."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Goddamnit, you see what happens when you spread this stupid crap, fatass?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,What? People see the truth?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,Can I go now?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,You guys are blind! I can't believe that everyone here is just buying into what they're told by the media! [begins to move away from the boys] I'm gonna go find out the truth. I'm gonna blow the lid off this whooole 9/11 conspiracy once and for all! [goes around a corner and disappears]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] Oh no...
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Montage. Cartman exits the school as the camera is in a position to watch him pass under the U.S. Flag. Next, he scours the Web for information on 9/11. He looks at the sites with a critical eye. Next, he goes to the library to find more in-depth information. Among the books Cartman is reading are ""Security Tyrrany"" and ""How the Towers Fell."" He goes up on a hill and sees the whole town laid out before him. He returns to the boys' room and analyzes the urinal. He makes himself some tea and watches a video on his computer that stops right before the second plane hits and presents a big red question mark. He's making notes on something while sitting in the armchair... it turns out to be a picture of the urinal with the deuce still in it."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"It is wrong for me to ask questions?Is it wrong to seek the truth?I just can't blindly accept their version.I can't base my logic on proof.Almost all the evidence points one way,But I'm like Charlie Sheen and Gloria Estefan:I need to know what really happenedOn 9/11-leven-leven-leven-leven.What really happenedOn 9/11?[He's back at his computer once more and clicks on his mouse]Of course. It's so obvious. How did we not see it before?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Next day, Mrs. Garrison's class is again in session. It's Show and Tell day. Leroy walks up to the front of the class and presents his topic."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Leroy,"This is my frog. He doesn't have a name. He's a frog not a toad because toads don't ribbit. I think frogs are good pets. [he gets a smattering of applause from the other kids, then goes back to his seat]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mrs. Garrison,"Okay, thank you, Leroy, thanks for sharing your dumb little frog with the class. Okay, anybody else have anything for Show and Tell?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"[raises and waves his hand] Uh! Erh, eh. Uhhh!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mrs. Garrison,"All right, Eric, you can go next."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,[leaves his seat and goes to the front of the class with his laptop.] For Show and Tell today I have brought... [puts on some glasses] ...my shocking Powerpoint report on the truth!.. [removes the glasses for dramatic effect] behind the 9/11 attacks! [the lights go out and a projector is turned on]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[rolls his eyes] Oh Christ...
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"[his first image is that of the Twin Towers] We are told to believe that the fire from the jet fuel melted the steel framing of the towers, [the image gets animated as a cross-section of a wall is picked apart and the steel girders shown, which led to their collapse.] which led to their collapse. But did you know jet fuel doesn't burn at a high enough temperature to melt steel? [the other kids look at each other. Kyle's eyes are half-closed, showing his disinterest] We were told the Pentagon was hit by a hijacked plane as well, [a picture of the Pentagon with the damage clearly visible. A helicopter hovers nearby] but now look at this photo of the Pentagon. The hole is not nearly big enough. And if a plane hit it, where is the rest of the plane?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Clyde,Whoa...
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"So now, the inevitable question: if terrorists didn't cause 9/11, who did? [he begins to use his fingers to show the numbers as he says them] Remember that there are in fact two towers. Two minus one is one; one one - 11; two minus one is one; one one, and there are nine members on Silverstein's board of directors. That's nine-one-one. Nine-eleven. And take 2 - 1 + 9/11 and you get 12, which leads us all to the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks. [click. Kyle now appears superimposed on the 9/11 picture already onscreen]. Kyle!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Me??!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cartman,"Twelve contains the numbers one and two, just like the toilet yesterday where somebody went number two instead of number one! And one and two with 911 and you get 914! Drop the 4 and it's 91! Exactly the score Kyle got on his spelling test twelve days after 9/11! Who has the most to gain from 9/11?! Kyle! Who was nowhere to be found the morning the towers fell?! Kyle! Who dropped the deuce in the urinal?! Kyle! But probably the most damning of all is the evidence seen in this photo of Tower 2! [clicks, and another shot of the Twin Towers is shown] When I zoomed in I saw what first appeared to be a blur, [he zooms in on the picture, which just becomes pixilated] but when I computer-enhanced it, [the pixilation disappears as the picture sharpens - it's a drawing of an evil Kyle with a large, sharp knife in his right hand] You almost got away with it, you sneaky butthole."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,The bell rings again and the kids once again enter the hall. The camera looks towards the front doors. Kyle walks toward the camera and scratches his nose.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Hey Token. [Token does not respond, but just watches him walk by. Kyle stops by Butters and Craig] You-you gonna watch the game tonight, Butters? [Butters is suddenly scared]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Butters,Waaaah! [drops his book and runs away. The other kids just stare at Kyle]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"All right, all right, I was not responsible for 9/11! [the other kids move away quickly] God-damnit!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, after school. Kyle walks in through the front door, upset. He slams the door shut behind him. Sheila is cleaning the coffee table in front of the couch"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Sheila,"Hello bubbe, how was school today?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"[stops in front of Sheila, to her left] Terrible."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Sheila,"Oh, come on, school isn't all that bad."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"But, everyone thinks I was responsible for 9/11."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Sheila,Whatwhatwhaaat?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"A PTA meeting, later"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Sheila,We have to do something! It is obvious our children are still completely confused about 9/11!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Principal Victoria,"Yes, we need to go over it again in the classroom so they understand what really happened."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Skeeter,"Well, what really happened? There's strong evidence that what we were told isn't the truth."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Other men,"Oh no, oh brother, oh God."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Adler,[stands up] That's right. Did you know that there were explosions seen at the base of the towers?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Other men,"Oh no, oh God, that's so retarded."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"[stands up] Look, what-ever you believe, the fact of the matter is somebody... dropped a dookie in the school urinal, and there's still no explanation for that!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Sheila,"Mr. Mackey, there are more important things going on here!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"More important?! You aren't the one, who had to walk into the boys' bathroom, okay, after having tuh, to wake up early, you know, there's no, no coffee in the teachers' lounge, and then you, you walk into the bathroom just to find a big dook laying there in the urinal! Like it's laughin' at you!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Jimbo,He's right! The turd could have been put there to cover up 9/11!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"No, I'm not saying they're related!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Randy,[rises] How do we know they're not? We need to be brave enough to ask questions! [makes a fist]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Skeeter,"It's obvious that before we go any further, we need to find out who was behind 9/11 once and for all!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Richard,Who else could it have been?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Det. Yates,This is too big a mystery for me. I think we'd better call in the Hardly Boys.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"Oh no, not the Goddamned-"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,A montage of the Hardly Boys follows. The same music and montage as before are played
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Narrator,The Hardly Boys. Two young whippersnappers with a knack for solving mysteries. The Hardly Boys in: [the cover of a new book is shown] The Case of the World Trade Center Conspiracy.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,Police headquarters. Det. Yates has a post-9/11 picture with a circled question mark where the towers used to be.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Det. Yates,"So that's about the long and short of it, Hardly Boys. There were two towers that stood right here, [shows off the question mark] and they're gone."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,And nobody knows who's responsible?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Det. Yates,"There are theories, but, nobody's certain."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,"Nnnn, who would benefit most from two buildings disappearing?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,"Ooo... oh, I just started getting a clue."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,Really?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,"Yeah, I'm totally getting a clue."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,"Oh... Oh, that's giving me a clue. Yeah, ye-yeah, I've got a raging clue right now."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,Mine's pointing to the left.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,"Oh F-, oh Frank, seriously, I have such a raging clue right now, I think we'd better follow it."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,"Okay, let's follow your raging clue."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,Oofff.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Randy,[watches them walk away] Godspeed.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. The front door opens and Kyle looks out. A couple of agents look back at him from their car parked out in front of the house. One looks both ways to make sure no one is coming while the other looks at his watch. Kyle move away from the entrance and closes the door softly"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,[appears suddenly in the living room] Kyle!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[jumps] Aaaah!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Dude, do you mind telling me why CIA guys [looks around] are coming to my house and questioning me about you??"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"I don't know, dude. It's like everyone's putting pieces together that aren't there."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Well why did you have to involve me??
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,It's not my fault.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"All right, look, I've been doing a lot of research on the Web and I found an organization who says they can prove you weren't involved in 9/11."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Really?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Come on. We'll go out the back so they don't see you. [moves off, then stops and turns around] There's just one thing I need to know before we go: you weren't responsible for 9/11, right?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,......Dude.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,[mulls it over] That's all I needed. [turns around and heads for the back door. Kyle follows.]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, next day. The bell rings and the students are all in the gym. Mr. Mackey addresses them"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"Now you might all think I've given up finding out who crapped in the urinal. M'kay? And maybe, maybe you think it's a victimless crime. This, is Mr. Venezuela [walks up to a school janitor, who's a Latino with mop and bucket in hand], the school janitor. Okay? [the fourth graders are shown with some kindergartners in front of them] He's the person... who has to clean up... when some trickster... drops a dook in the wrong toilet! Mr. Venezuela makes six bucks an hour at best! Okay? He's got three kids at home, he's got a car that barely works, he's gotta clean up puke with sawdust, m'kay, then he walks into the boys' room and sees a big meaty chud starin' him in the face! [the sixth graders are shown seated to the left of the fourth graders] So when you crapped in that urinal, m'kay, you might as well have just dropped your pants, and laid a turd right on top of Mr. Venezuela's head! [the kids laugh] Oh, you think it's funny, huh?!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mrs. Garrison,Mr. Mackey! [he and Principal Victoria enter the gym] We got him.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,Huh?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mrs. Garrison,We caught the person that did it.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,Somewhere... A taxi drops Stan and Kyle off in front of a large house. They walk up to the front door and Stan knocks.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Hi, we were hoping you can help us. My friend is being blamed for 9/11."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Man,"[wearing a 911truth.org T-shirt] Aw geez. Come on in, kids. [the boys enter. A model of the towers stands on the coffee table while the computer displays a 9/11 Web page. The rest of the office is littered with 9/11 stuff] It doesn't surprise me. More and more people are being blamed for 9/11 every day."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,They are?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,"Yeah, it a way of keeping people from seeing the real evidence. I know it seems crazy, but 9/11 was pulled off by our own government, so they could gain support for attacking the Middle East."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,What? No no no.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,I know it's hard to believe.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Dude, why would the government attack its own buildings?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,It's called the False Flag policy. Make it look like the enemy attacked you. Get all your citizens riled up and waving American flags. Then you're free to invade any country you want.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,...That's retarded.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,[sits at his computer and starts typing away] Look into the evidence of 9/11 and you'll see there are a lot of holes in their story.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,There's a lot of holes in the Theory of Evolution too; it doesn't mean it's wrong.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,"You don't understand! The government controls everything. The media, the corporations, they have the power to do anything they want. Here, look! [grabs two large glass jars and hands them to Kyle] Read the labels on these! Go on, read them!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[reads the labels] Code 234
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,We think they came from a government office.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,What is it?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,It's anthrax.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Anthrax?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,Someday we'll use it as evidence against them.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Stan, we can't be seen with this nutjob! [at that moment the house is raided by Chicago cops. The doors and windows fall away as they rush inside. An ambulance and a lot of police cars wait outside as a helicopter hovers overhead. Kyle stands with the jars of anthrax, sure that he's in big trouble] Aw, aw, awww!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Mr. Mackey's office, day. He's addressing the guilty party..."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"Why, Clyde? Why did you do it?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Clyde,"I don't know. [looks away as Mr. Mackey gets up, walks around the desk, and stands behind him, to his left]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"You got a whole school here, Clyde! M'kay? You got over three hundred people that need to use the boys' room. [walks behind Clyde to the right side. Clyde looks away and to the left] Then you decide you're gonna be a comedian, m'kay, and pinch one off in the urinal, and leave it layin' there for everyone to have to look at! [Clyde tries hard to contain his laughter] Okay okay, you think it's funny, but nobody else does! They gotta walk in that bathroom and see your rancid dook propped up against the back of the urinal like a brown rag doll! [Clyde grins, then bursts out laughing. The door opens and Principal Victoria looks in]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Principal Victoria,"Mr. Mackey, Clyde's parents are here."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, that's good! [Principal Victoria walks away. Mr. Mackey addresses Clyde again] Let's see what your mom and dad have to say about your little poopscapade! [The Donovans show up] Come on in, please. I'm just trying to get your son to explain why... he would drop a dook in the urinal!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Donovan,"Mr. Mackey, there's something you should know..."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"The White House, day. Stan, Kyle, and the man from 911truth.org are brought into the Oval Office by the Secret Service. The President's staff awaits."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Eh-xcuse me, there's been a misunderstanding."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Donald Rumsfeld,"Come on in, Mr. President. [President Bush comes in through one of the side doors]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Uh, Mr. President, my name is-"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,SSHHUUDDUUPP!! You think we don't know your name?! We know everything! We control everything! [walks to his desk] We've all worked very hard to keep our involvement in 9/11 a secret! But you just had to keep digging!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[quite surprised] Really?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,You won't get away with it! People know!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,People? You mean sheeple. We have the majority of them kept in blissful ignorance. Just one more... leak... [pulls out a pistol and his voice gets sinister] to fix... [the Secret Service agents take the 911truth man to the President]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,Wait. What are you doing?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"[leaves his desk and cocks the gun] You've been a thorn in our side for too long, I'm afraid."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,No! You can't do this! [Bush grabs him by the collar] Please! I'll stop. I'll take down the Web site. I'll sto- [the President sticks the gun into the man's mouth] Oh no! Oh no!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,Too late. [squeezes the trigger once and the bullet goes clear through the man's head. The 911truth man is dead]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,JESUS CHRIST!!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Rumsfeld,[Condoleezza Rice stands to his left] Hahaha. He died like a pig.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,[wipes the blood off his clothes and skin] Some pigs never learn.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"[in sheer disbelief, cocks his head right] No. Way."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,He was right. You DID cause 9/11.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"Yes. Quite simple to pull off, really. All I had to do was have explosives planted in the base of the towers. Then on 9/11 we pretended like four planes were being hijacked.when really we just rerouted them to Pennsylvania, then flew two military jets into the World Trade Center filled with more explosives, then shot down all the witnesses of Flight 93 with an F-15 after blowing up the Pentagon with a Cruise missile. It was only the world's most intricate and flawlessly-executed ever, ever."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"[ever more incredulous, cocks his head left and lower] ...Really??"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Why?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"[smiling, he begins to pace] Oldest reason in the world. Money. The towers fell and the American sheeple all waved their flags. [walks by Dick Cheney, who's got a crossbow and is dressed to hunt] Finally we could invade Iraq, [finishes off with sinister glee] and get the oil which made us all richer than before."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Rumsfeld,"[rubs his hands together greedily] Beauutiful money, hahahaha!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[cocks his head right and even lower. He's not buying it] ...Really??
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,[off on a different page] Is the whole government in on this?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"We are all-knowing and all-powerful. Good-bye, boys. [steps aside as Dick Cheney takes aim at them. Cheney fires an arrow at them, but the arrow hits a marble vase on a table behind the boys. The arrow bounces off the vase and hits fire alarm, which sets off the sprinkler system. Everyone does his best not to get wet]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Cheney,Dangit! I missed again!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"For Christ's sake, Cheney! [Two aids open the doors to the Oval Office and enter]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,[seeing their chance] Kyle! Run! [the boys take off with the Secret Service in hot pursuit]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,KILL THEM!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"Attendance office, day, next to the Principal's office. Mr. Mackey stands there with Principal Victoria in the background, at her desk. He picks up the PA mic."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"Attention students. Apparently, Clyde could not have been the one who crapped in the urinal, because Clyde had a colostomy at age 5. 'Kay? Now, whoever did this unspeakable act is still at large. The boys' bathroom is closed until further notice, 'cause one of you thought it would be a good idea... to pull down your pants... m'kay, hover your buttcheeks over the urinal... and squeeze out a chocolate hot dog... m'kay? [all the kids in the hall listen, then start laughing] Oh you think that's funny, huh?! [Principal Victoria is also snickering in the background] Let me assure you, there is nothing funny... about going up to a nice, clean, unsuspectin' urinal, [next shot is the school gym, where some students are practicing their basketball skills, but now they're listening] 'kay, droppin' your pants then... turnin' around... squattin' over that urinal, 'kay, maybe... maybe pullin' your buttcheeks apart with your hands, m'kay, and then layin' out a big fudge dragon for all the world to see. [the kids there begin to laugh] Oh yeah, that's real funny! [turns off the mic and slams it down] I'm gonna catch this sonofabitch if it's the last thing I DO! M'kay?! [moves off]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"A bus terminal. A bus pulls in from Washington D.C. and the door opens. Passengers pour out, including Stan and Kyle."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"All right, now we have to switch over to Interbus 65. We made it dude. [next scene is another city, somewhere] We should be home in less than eighteen hours. Then we'll tell everyone what we saw."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,It just... doesn't seem right.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Yeah, our eyes are finally open, dude. It's like waking up for the first time."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Yeah... but doesn't it seem like we got out of the White House pretty easily? I mean, it seems like it would be pretty hard to escape from the White House with everyone chasing you, and we just kind of... ran out. [a door opens besides them and the 911truth man the President had shot exits a restaurant and goes the other direction]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"Well dude, maybe we're just super badass. Have you thought of that? [Kyle stops and turns around]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Hey! [the 911truth man turns around, then panics as he recognizes the boys] Dude. You're alive? [the man stands there for a few seconds, not knowing what to do, then turns around and runs away, pushing people aside. Kyle gives chase] Come back here! [the man keeps running]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Man 1,Hey!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Man 2,Ogh!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,the POV changes to that of a dead-end alley. The camera descends from on high as the 911truth man runs down the alley. It stops descending when Stan and Kyle round the corner. The man reaches a chain-link fence and tries to climb it. The boys come in closer. The man fails to climb the fence and drops to the ground when the boys reach him.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,[begins to plead] No. Please. Pleeease!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Dude! What the hell is going on?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,"Don't kill me! I, I just do what they say!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,What who said?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,911truth man,I have a family. Please don't kill me!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"Dude, we aren't going to kill you. [just then a gunshot is heard and the 911truth man falls dead... again]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Oh God!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bearded man,"[appears with the smoking gun] It isn't safe here, boys. Follow me!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Who the fuck are you?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bearded man,There's no time! come on! [the camera pans up but stays focused on the three folks as the boys follow the bearded man out of the alley.]
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"A mansion, night. The bearded man escorts Stan and Kyle in and leads them to his library"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Do you mind telling us what the hell is going on??
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Who are you?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bearded man,"[pours himself a drink] I'm a detective, and I'm afraid that you kids have been double-crossed."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,You f-figured this thing all out?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bearded man,"Not me. My mystery-solving sons. Come on in, boys. [the Hardly Boys enter] My boys were researching who went number two in the urinal at your school when they discovered something odd, which gave them a clue."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,Gave us both a clue.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,"That clue led them to a 9/11 conspiracy group party, where they got a lot more clues."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Joe,I was getting a clue like every two minutes.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,I got such a raging clue that I almost shot clue goo all over Joe.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,Those clues pointed out that all the 9/11 conspiracy theories could be disproven scientifically. And that's when Frank got his biggest clue.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,It was huuuge.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,That all the 9/11 conspiracy Web sites are run by the government. The 9/11 conspiracy... is a government conspiracy.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Aw Jesus...
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Why would the government want people to believe they caused 9/11?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,"For a government to have power, they must appear to have complete control. What better way to make people fear them than to convince them they are capable of the most elaborate plan on earth?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"[off-screen] That's quite enough, Hardly! [the camera shows him entering with his staff] Don't believe what he says, boys; we caused 9/11. [brings forth a manila folder] It's all right here in these secret documents, [hugs the folder tight] but you'll never get them. [turns around as he yawns, dropping the folder to the floor behind him. No one picks it up]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,I knew it! You didn't plan 9/11 and you really didn't shoot that guy!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"[dropping the act] Boys, you don't understand. People need to think we are all-powerful. That we control the world. If they know we weren't in charge of 9/11 then... we appear to control nothing."
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Well why don't you just tell people the truth?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Bush,"We do that too. And most people believe the truth. But one fourth of the population is retarded. If they wanna believe we control everything with intricate plans, why not let them?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,"Just one thing, Mr. President: How the devil did you know we were all here? [a close-up of Kyle. A gun appears next to his left temple. The camera moves clockwise as it refocuses on Stan, who's got the gun aimed at Kyle. Stan must have told the President]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"How come you couldn't just go home, dude? That's all we had to do!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,Stan! What the fuck?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,It was all planned out!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,You knew this whole time? Why?
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Because it was me. I'm the one who took a dump in the urinal.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,[backs away a bit] What??
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,The stalls were full and I didn't wanna miss recess! I didn't think it would turn into such a big deal!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,So you blamed the government?!
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,"And the government was more than willing to take the blame, so long as it made them look responsible for 9/11!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,"[lowers his pistol] Oh man, now everyone's gonna know. Why did the stupid Hardly Boys have to be so good at solving mysteries?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"So wait, wait: Stan took a dump in the urinal and he contacted the conspiracy Web site? But the conspiracy site was run by the government?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Yuh.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Kyle,"So then, who was responsible for 9/11?"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Stan,Whattaya mean? A bunch of pissed-off Muslims.
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Frank,"[giggles] Yeah. What are you, retarded? [The President and his staff laugh heartily]"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Hardly,"Well, it looks like this mystery is solved. It's time for the culprit to finally pay!"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Scene Description,"The boys' room at South Park Elementary, day. Stan is cleaning the urinal under Mr. Mackey's supervision"
Mystery of the Urinal Deuce,Mr. Mackey,"When you dook in the urinal, it's bad, m'kay! [Stan squirts some cleaning fluid onto the urinal basin] How would you feel... if somebody came into your home, m'kay, pulled down their pants and laid a big mud monkey right on your mom's face? [Stan laughs] Oh you think that's funny, huh?! Yeah, that's real funny!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, school hall. The bell rings and the students go to their lockers. Stan and Kyle put some books away as Cartman shares an encounter with Kenny and the other two."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"And so then, I put my finger up my butthole, right? And I walked up to Kelly Nelson, and I said, ""Do you smell lemon grass?"", and she smelled my finger and puked! Hehehehe. Oh, guys, you should have been there."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Hall monitor,"[a ginger, he taps on Cartman's right shoulder] Eric, I have to take you to the principal's office."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"What? I didn't do it, Kelly Nelson's a liar!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Hall monitor,I've been instructed to bring you to the principal's office.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Oh, suck my balls you ginger Jew rat hall monitor! Punkass stoolie, who the fuck do you think you are?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Hall monitor,I'm just doin' my job.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,[taunting and jabbing at him] I'm juh duh duh duhhh! Do you know why you're a hallway monitor?! Because you don't have any friends! You should kill yourself! You should kill yourself!!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,"Eric Cartman, report to the principal's office immediately."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Aw Goddamnit!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The principal's office, moments later. A knock is heard at the door."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,"Come on in, Eric. [Cartman and the hall monitor enter]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[apologizes, but in a blasé fashion] I'm sorry, Principal Victoria. I didn't mean to do it, how could I have been so foolish?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,"Eric, the reason we called you in here is because it is your turn to be the school hallway monitor. [the former hall monitor removes his belt and sash and prepares to give them to Cartman]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,The hall monit- me?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Mr. Mackey,"You need to watch for bad behavior, and make sure anyone in the halls during class has a hall pass. M'kay? [Cartman receives the sash and the former hall monitor leaves]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,"If anyone doesn't, you have the authority to bring them to me."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,[incredulous] Auth- authoritah?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Mr. Mackey,"Now Eric, being the school hallway monitor is a big responsibility. M'kay? It is important that you take the job seriously, and that you don't abuse the power."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Ahem. Me?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"A montage. First scene is the school hall. Cartman pops up dressed as Dog the Bounty Hunter. He walks around and strikes a few poses. He pockets a can of Bear Spray into its holster, makes sure he has handcuffs, then resets his fake facial hair. Next, he pretends he's driving a real car. Back at school, he walks into view and strikes one more dramatic pose, then the POV changes and he's walking towards the camera. One more scene has him turning the steering wheel of an SUV."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"There's fear and darkness all around you The criminals are on the run No use in not having your hall pass I'll take you to the principal 'cause I'm the Dawg I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg The Hallway Monitor! [laughs until a hand appears and knocks on the driver's window.]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Car Salesman,"[opens the door] Hey, kid, get outta there."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,That's cool. I'm done making my video anyways. [leaves. The video shoot resumes at school. Cartman is on the job when he turns around and sees someone else in the hall. He strikes a dramatic pose and yells] Hall pass! Show me your hall pass!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Boy,What?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[shoves the boy into the lockers and whips out the Bear Spray] You know what this is? This is the mace that they use on bears, faggot! Now let me see your hall pass!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Boy,It's right here. [reaches into his pocket and pulls it out to show him]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[releases the boy] All right, cool, brah. Go with Christ. [turns right and walks away. The boy isn't quite finished]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Boy,What? You can't just push me up against the-
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,[kicks the boy away] Argh!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Boy,[flies out of view]Aah!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[marches on] I am the Dawg, the big bad- [stops] Oh my God! [sees a wad of paper on the floor, runs up to pick it up and checks it out] What the fuck is this?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,Kindergarten. The kindergartners' new teacher is shown teaching them about shapes. She's drawn a circle and is now drawing a square
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"And so this shape with four sides is what, class?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[bursts into the classroom] Boyarrrgh! [everyone turns to see who it is. Cartman walks up to Ike] Ike Broflovski! You littering my hallway, brah?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,What are you doing?!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"I found this in the hallway. [unfolds the wad of paper - it's a drawing Ike made of his teacher with hearts all around her] Apparently your student Ike has a crush on you. [Ike looks around nervously] You got a crush on your teacher, brah?! Keep it out of my hallway! Go with Christ. Here you go. [hands the drawing to the teacher and heads for the door]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,I don't think that's really necessary.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Hey! I don't tell you how to run your class, don't tell me how to run my hallway! [leaves and closes the door]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Fillmore,Ike has a crush on teacher!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Class,Ike has a crush on teacher! [the class laughs]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"That's enough, class! [the period ends and the teacher begins erasing the chalkboard] Okay, well see you tomorrow, everybody. Ike, could you stay just a few minutes, please? [Fillmore takes his crayon and leaves. The teacher moves towards Ike] Ike, I'm very flattered, by all of your love notes, but I need to be clear. See, there've been a lot of female teachers on the news lately who have been having relationships with young male students and, people might get the wrong idea, even though... I do admire you. You are so smart and gifted. Soo mature for your age."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,I don't like Mason.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"You listen, and you really care about what I have to say. You make me feel things I've never... [reaches out to Ike and touches his right hand] felt before. [she and Ike hold hands, but she lets go and leaves her seat] Ike, this is crazy. I'm your teacher. How can we be having these feelings for each other? [turns around and faces him] You're so mysterious, and I can't... and I can't... [begins to swoon. A montage follows]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"She and Ike rub noses as a heart frames them. Their shadows rush up and hug each other, then twirl around together as hearts pulsate outward. They hold hands again. She takes him out to dinner and chatters away. She takes him out to ice-skate at a skating rink. She takes him out to a dinner picnic before a setting sun - they share wine and cheese. She takes him out for a ride on a duck boat - she does the driving. She has an artist draw a picture of them. They hop onto a merry-go-round and get on horses - she blows a kiss at him there. She takes him home and watches TV with him"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,REO Speedwagon,"And I can't fight this feelin' anymore I've forgotten what I started fightin' for And if I have to crawl upon the floor Come crashin' through your door Baby, I cant fight this feelin' anymore [the last scene is the two of them under the covers ]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"That was unbelievable. I've never felt like such a woman before. They'll say our love is wrong, but we can't let anybody know; they'll never understand. [rolls to her right and starts massaging Ike tenderly] We were meant to be, I know it. How else could sex be that incredible? [lays back down]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,[oops] Ike made a nuno.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The boy's room at South Park Elementary. Butters rushes in and towards the urinal. Once in place, he sets his hall pass aside, drops his pants, raises his shirt, and lets fly"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,"Hey there, Mr. Wiener, whattaya know? Do ya need to tinkle tinkle? [falsetto] Yes I do think so."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,[bursts into the restroom. Butters is startled] Hands?! Let me see those hands!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,[backs off] Haaaah!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[advances] Where's your pass?! Show me your hall pass, brah!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,"[looks around frantically for it] It's, it's... I just had it! [keeps looking, but Cartman grabs him...]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"I knew it! [...slams his head against a toilet stall, then tosses him to the floor, cuffs him, and escorts him out of the restroom. Butters doesn't get a chance to pull his pants up. The hall pass remains on the sink where Butters left it.]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The waiting room outside the principal office, moments later. Cartman and Butters wait on the bench outside, and Butters still has his pants around his ankles"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Look, brah, I had to bring you in, but I don't have any hard feelin's against you all right?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,Huh?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Here, you need a smoke, brah?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,"Uhh, okay. [Cartman puts a cigarette into Butters' mouth, then lights it for him]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"You've gotta give yourself over to Christ, brah."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,I do. [coughs]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Jesus is Lord. You can go one direction in life, or you just walk around the hallways without a hall pass. Or you can see the light, brah. [Butters coughs some more]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, afternoon. Kyle walks in."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"[greets him holding some laundry] Kyle, I need you to go get your brother over at his teacher's house."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Huh?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"Tell his teacher I'm sorry, but I forgot he has a doctor's appointment today."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,What's he doing at his teacher's house?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,He's been going there in the afternoons for private tutoring.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The teacher's house, a lovely one-story structure. Starland Vocal Band's ""Afternoon Delight"" is playing inside. Kyle walks up to the front door and knocks."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Hello? [finds the door open and walks in] Excuse me. I'm here to pick up Ike? [moves further into the house] Uh, hello? Is Ike here? [enters the room the music and some giggling is coming from - it's the bathroom] Hello? [the teacher, in the bathtub, looks at him]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,OOOH! [covers her breasts]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Oh God! [squeezes his eyes shut] I'm sorry. [opens them again] I didn't mean to-ah, I'm looking for my brother. [Ike pops up out of the water dressed in snorkel gear. Kyle's eyebrows go up] Ike?? [they just look at him] What the hell is going on??"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"Oh, what's the use, Ike? We're caught. [moments later, an angry Kyle is pulling Ike towards the front door] Hold on, please, you don't understand."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,[turns to look at her] Really?! What's there not to understand?!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,Your brother and I... are in love.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"He's a little young, don't you think?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"Oh. [angrily, he leaves Kyle for his teacher]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"Ike is very mature for his age, and you know it!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,Ring around the rosey.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,"He makes me feel like nobody else does. He loves me and only me, and I know I'm a goddess to him. When we make love, he can give it to me HARD, or soft and gentle-"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,All right! We're getting the hell out of here! [begins to pull Ike away from the teacher]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"[resisting] Nonono, nononono."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Ike, you can't possibly want this. We have to tell Mom."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"[sobbing] No, no."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Ike?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Teacher,Is it so hard to believe that true love exists?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,[turns to the front door] This is nuts.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, dinnertime."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Mom, Dad, have you ever met Ike's kindergarten teacher? [Ike glares at Kyle]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,Miss Stevenson? Yes. She's very nice.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Yeah. Well, she likes Ike a whole lot."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,That's great.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Yyeah, except maybe it's not perfectly great, because to some degree, Ike and Ms. Stevenson are having an-."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"Spider-Man! I'm safe, Mom."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"Yes, Ike, you like Spider-Man, don't you?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Mom, there might be something that you should look into about Ike staying after school all the time-"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,Weohhh part ten. Mom-my I love you I love you.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"Mommy loves you too, sweetie."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Would you excuse us for a second? [leaves his chair and takes Ike to the living room. Kyle now addresses Ike] You just can't expect me to sit there and say nothing. No, Ike, I'm supposed to be looking out for you. So what? I wasn't going to just blurt it out, I was gonna use some tact, but you won't even let me... What? Uh uh! Stop right there, Ike! [Ike replies with a series of snippets from nursery rhymes, which has nothing to do with Kyle's concern. Kyle is finished, and the two of them return to the table] Mom, I think maybe you should talk to Ike about love and sex!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"Sex? Oh bubbe, Ike is much too young. [silence follows as the family continues eating]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Seems like Officer Barbrady and his police station have been phased out for good now. Detective Yates and his men are in the breakroom eating lunch"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Det. Yates,"You're so full of crap, Foley."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,What? I did shoot him in the face. Twice.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"[appears at the breakroom entrance] Ex, excuse me? [the officers look, and he walks in] My name is... Brad. And uh I need to report a crime. Anonymously."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,Oh? What's the crime?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Well, I attend South Park Elementary, ah-and... w-one of the teachers is having sssex with a student."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"Oh my God! This is terrible! [other officers say other things. Yates and another officer get on bended knee next to Kyle] Ya-you did the right thing telling the police, Brad. Now, who is the teacher? What's his name?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Well, it isn't a guy teacher. It's a woman."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,A woman?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Yeah. She's having sex with a boy. [the officer to his right is taking notes.]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Mitch,"Oh, but, but she's ugly, right?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Well no, not really. It's the Kindergarten teacher, Miss Stevenson."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,The blonde?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Yeah.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,Some young boy is having sex with Miss Stevenson?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,[firmly] Yes.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,Nisssse.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,Nnice.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"What?! No, you don't understand-"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,You sure they've had sex?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Yeah.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 1,Has she performed oral sex on him?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,I think so.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 1,...Nice.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,Nisssse.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 1,[whispers] Nisssse.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"So wait, what, what's the crime?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,"The crime is, she isn't doing it with me. [jabs jokingly at Officer 2. All the officers laugh]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Hay! He's totally underage. She's taking advantage of him.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"You're right. We're sorry. This is serious. We need to track this student down and... give him his ""Luckiest Boy In America"" medal right away. [All the officers laugh harder]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,[throws his hands up in frustration and leaves] Gargh!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day, hallway. The students at either at their lockers or milling around. Kyle approaches Stan and Kenny."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Guys, can I talk to you?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Stan,Sure dude.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"I need you to keep quiet about this, all right? [Cartman walks up] My little brother and his tea-"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Brahs, it's almost class time. I need you to start clearin' the hallways aright?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Not now, Cartman! I have really serious problems!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Stan,"Dude, what's the matter?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,The kindergarten teacher is having sex with my little brother.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Stan,...Wow.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kenny,(Reaaly??)
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Damn, brah, your little brother's pretty cool."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,It's not cool! Ike isn't old enough to understand.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"What's to understand? You get a boner, slap her titties around some and then stick it inside her and pee."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"[looks long and hard at Cartman] ""stick it inside her and pee"""
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Well, okay, fine. Unless you don't want to get her pregnant, then you pull it out and pee on her leg."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Stan,"Dude, I really don't see a problem."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Yeah, I've got bigger things to deal with."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"You guys don't understand! His wacko teacher is like a schoolgirl! They pass notes to each other in the classroom, they have sex at her house over lunch break, [Cartman waves Kyle off and walks away] and during class they sneak out and kiss in the hallways! [this stops Cartman and makes his eyes big]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,They what??
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,They sneak out during class and make out in the hallways!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,[spins around] Hang on a second: making out in the hallways is strictly against school policy!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Well they're doing it!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Yeah, well now it's personal! The hallways are my jurisdiction! If there's a hallway infraction going on, they're gonna have to deal with the Dawg!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Kindergarten class, in session"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Okay, just continue with your macaroni pictures. Teacher has to step out for a second. Uh Ike, could you help me out, please? [Ike leaves his seat and joins Miss Stevenson outside. She puts him on the shelf of the telephone booth next to the classroom] Oh Ike, I just had to have a second alone with you."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,I like dada better.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"I got your love letter, and I wrote you one back. Oh, just one kiss to hold me over for the rest of class. [she begins to kiss Ike. Cartman appears in the distance and turns right...]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Hall infraction! [runs up to Miss Stevenson]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"[turning to Cartman] Oh uhh, we were just heading back in."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"You got a hall pass, brah?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,I don't need a hall pass. I'm a teacher.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Yeah? Well, where's his hall pass?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Look, just let us get back in-"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Get down on the floor!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,We're going back inside!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[whips out the Bear Spray] You like bear mace, icehead?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,Bear mace??
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,You're goin' with Christ! [sprays Miss Stevenson pretty good]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,Oooooh!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Next stop, the principal's office. Cartman, Miss Stevenson and Ike stand before Principal Victoria"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"...And that's what I got, Principal brah. These two were in the hallway making out. She had those love letters on her person."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,"""Ike, I long to feel your arms around me""?? Miss Stevenson, you- you're having a relationship with this student?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Yes. During classtime, without a hall pass."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,This is unbelievable.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,I know. It's like a hall pass doesn't even matter to her.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Principal Victoria,"Miss Stevenson, I will need to inform the police."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,[puts her hands to her cheeks] Oh God...
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"You just dealt with the Dawg, bitch!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, later. The front doors are open, revealing the school logo and the steps leading up to the hallways. Police and news reporters are present. Two officers exit with Miss Stevenson in handcuffs."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"[sarcastically] Sorry we had to do this, but the lady principal insisted. [the officers move past Yates]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Randy,[shows up next to Jimbo and Ned] What's goin' on?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Jimbo,The kindergarten teacher is suspected of having sex with a student
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Randy,With a student? But... she's a woman.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Jimbo,Yeah. I know.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Randy,But... she's hot.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Wow. I think I owe you one, Cartman."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,You don't owe me anything. My hallways are cleeean. [points his index fingers at the camera]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, night, Kyle's room. Kyle is writing something out when Ike appears at his doorway, pissed off that his teacher was taken away"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"[sensing Ike, turns around in his chair] Ike, I didn't tell on you, you got busted by the hallway monitor. [Ike glares at him] Okay, okay. I did have something to do with it. But someday you're gonna realize it was for the best."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,You are dead to me!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,What?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"I said, you're dead to me!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,I'm dead to you?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"[points at him] You're dead to me, Kyle!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, day. Miss Stevenson is calling someone from there as officers stand around and discuss police items"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"I'm at the police station. They say they found some evidence. I'm so scared. [Ike is at the other end of the line] Listen, I want you to know it's okay. If anybody tries to talk to you, you don't need to say anything. Just leave it to me. I know a way out of this."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,News 4 Newsbreak: A reporter in front of the South Park Courthouse
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Reporter,"Tom, an elementary school teacher is under arrest for allegedly having an affair... with one of her young students. The case is shocking, due mostly to the fact that the teacher... is pretty hot, Tom. If the accusations are true, then... damn! Uh, looks like the defendant and her lawyer are about to give a statement, Tom."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"I am deeply sorry to announce that the allegations against me are true. Over the past several weeks, I have been having physical relations with one of my students."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Man 1,Nice.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Man 2,[whispers and squeezes his eyes shut] Nissse
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"I know my actions were wrong, but I cannot be fully to blame. You see, I am an alcoholic."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 2,Ohhhh.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Kyle's hosue, day. Cartman and Kyle are watching the special report nn TV"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Yes, I'm afraid it's true."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Oh no!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,What?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,I don't believe it. She's using the Mel Gibson defense.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,Back at the Courthouse
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"I am a perfectly good person, but when I drink, the alcohol makes me say and do things I wouldn't normally do."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"Well, that explains it."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,Do we still press charges?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,Who are we gonna convict? Johnny Walker?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Man 3,Poor woman. She's a victim.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Randy,"Yeah, she's a hot victim. [looks around for any reaction, but none comes]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Lawyer,[steps up to the mic] My client has agreed to check herself into rehab immediately. [everyone cheers her on]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Print reporter,"Good luck, ma'am. You can beat your alcoholism. [more cheering]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,Park County Drug & Alcohol Rehabilitation Center. Patients line up and go in through a revolving door only to come back out and continue down the line.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,The office of a rehab counselor. Miss Stevenson is seated before the counselor.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Therapist,"Alcohol is a crutch which we use to medicate ourselves; to, to cover up emotional baggage from our past. Was there ever a history of sexual abuse in your family?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"No, but my uncle used to ask me and my twin sister to kiss and he'd take pictures."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Therapist,"Nissse. [sometime later, they're outside the center. He sees her off] Congratulations, Miss Stevenson."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"All better now. [walks away, gets into her truck and drives away. She drives up to the Broflovski house, stops, gets out a ladder and extends it, props it up against Ike's window, and climbs up]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,Ike's room. Ike is building something with Legos. Miss Stevenson appears at the window and opens it up
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Ike. [climbs in and walks to Ike. He turns and stands, his arms outstretched]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"Miss Stephenson [she kneels down, picks him up and holds him close]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Ike, we have to get out of here! They'll never let us be together. I think... I think we should go to Milan, like we always talked about. [puts both her hands to her heart]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay, Mulan!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,Get your things together. We don't have much time.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Kyle's room. He's at his desk copying text from from a book. He hears the sound of something landing on the ground outside, then of a car door closing. He gets up to investigate. He goes to Ike's room and opens the door, then looks around."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Ike, are you okay? [sees an emptier room than usual, and the open window.] Ike? [walks up to the window and sees the ladder still in place.] Iiiike! [the teacher and Ike away.]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Park County Police Station, breakroom day. The officers are now eating pizza."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"Are you sure you're not lying, Foley?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Foley,"No, really! I shot both of them! They weren't even doin' nothin'!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"[enters the breakroom with Kyle following close behind] Help! Please, I need your help! That teacher, Miss Stevenson, she, she left town with my son! I got a note saying they're going to Milan!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,You're kidding!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,"No, it's true!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"Damnit, where were all these sexed-up teachers when I was a kid?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,This is serious!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 1,"Yeah, boys going to Milan with a beautiful older woman. Quick! Call the FBI! [the officers laugh. Detective Yates smiles]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Sheila,Are you going to do nothing?!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Yates,"[irritated] All right all right, we'll make a report. Jesus..."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The Broflovski house, day. Kyle sits at the edge of the patio, depressed. Cartman walks up to him"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"There you are. What are you doing? You giving up, brah?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Dude, my brother's in Milan. There's nothing I can do."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"No, they haven't left yet. Their flight is tomorrow morning."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,How do you know that?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,I had Beth check out their Travelocity account.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Who's Beth?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Beth is my bitch. I put a whole crew together, brah. I'm gonna get that hallway-defilng slut no matter what it takes! Are you in?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Music video. In this one, Cartman introduces his crew. One of them is ""Kyle, Jew."""
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"I got some badass guys to help me. I only had to pay them fifteen bucks. You think you got away with not having a hall pass? You won't get away from me 'cause I'm the Dawg! I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg! Think you can get away with not having a hall pass? Think again! [the video ends and the hallway looks normal again] How was that, Butters?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Butters,[behind the camera] Ehthat was pretty good.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,"Can we get going now, please?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Yep. We're all done with the video, let's move out! [they go forth]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"An airport Hilton, night. Planes can be seen behind it taking off."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,A room at the Hilton. Ike is in bed watching TV. Miss Stevenson comes out of the bathroom.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Ike, is that all you're gonna do is watch TV?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,I love TV. Yaaay!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,[climbs into bed] But what about me? I want to talk. [Ike just goes back to watching the TV]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"A car, night. Cartman and his crew are driving to the airport"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Everyone get a good look at our fugitive! I want her taken down fast and clean!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Leeroy,"[in a retarded voice] She ran away; now she got to deal with the Dawg, huh?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[determined] Beth found out they have a room at the Airport Hilton. We need to search it. Here's the hotel! [into the Intercom] Beth, tell Leeroy to pull up here! [Beth just signals for Earl to drive into the hotel driveway and stop at the front doors. Earl pulls up and brakes quickly] All right, let's go! Move out! [they leave the SUV and rush into the hotel]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Bellboy,Hey! You can't leave your car there!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"It's okay! I'm a hallway monitor! [they pass through the front entrance] Keep separation! Leeroy, check out our twenty!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Receptionist,Can I help you?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"You seen this woman, brah? [shows her a picture of Miss Stevenson] She's staying here!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Receptionist,Who are you?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"I am the Dawg, the big bad Dawg!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Head concierge,I think you should leave before I call the police!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Beth! Bear-mace that guy! [she sprays bear mace all over the concierge and he crumbles to the floor, trying to vomit] Let's check out the rooms! Leeroy and Kyle go that way! Beth, you come with me!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Bellboy,"[dials 911] We need police here, right away! [Cartman begins his rounds. He goes to Room 236 and knocks on the door with the bear mace can]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Guest 1,"[a man, opens the door] Yes?"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"I'm looking for this teacher! Is she in your room, brah?!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Guest 2,[an elderly man in Room 233] Do you mind keepin' it down?
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"[walks over to the second guest] Keep your mouth shut, brah!!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"Ike and the teacher's room. Both of them react to something. In the distance, police sirens sound and get closer to the hotel. Miss Stevenson looks out the window and sees three police cruisers pull up to the hotel, right outside her window"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,Oh no! Ike! [Ike climbs up to see the commotion] They're on to us!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Ike,Oh no!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,Hurry darling! We have to get out of here!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,The hotel lobby. The police rush in
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officers,What have we got? What have we got?!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 3,Who called 911?!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Receptionist,They went that way. [points in the direction Kyle and Leeroy took. The concierge barfs continuously. The officers leave] Look out! They have bear mace!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The hotel, upstairs. Kyle and Leeroy make the rounds on the third floor."
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Leeroy,[pounds at the door at Room 323] Open up! I'm with the Dawg! [pounds some more]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Kyle,Oh crap! [some officers round the corner at the far end of the hall]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 4,[draws his gun] You freeze right there! [Kyle and Leeroy run in the other direction]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The fifth floor. Miss Stevenson covers up and peeks into the hallway. She looks both ways, then steps out of the room"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Come on, darling! [Ike steps out and they beginning walking. Earl rounds the corner behind them and catches them]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Earl,"Hey! [they stop and the camera zooms in on Earl.] Uh I got 'em, Dawg. Fifth floor!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Praise Christ! Let's go! [the elderly man is convulsing from the effects of the bear mace.]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,"Ike, run! [back on the second floor, Cartman and Beth run down a hallway]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,Bear mace that guy! And that guy! [Beth maces another bellboy and a guest as she and Cartman run by. Police officers round the corner and run after them]
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Scene Description,"The roof. Miss Stevenson and Ike have made it all the way to the top. Cartman, Beth and Earl show up behind them and run out onto the roof. Police officers show up behind them and run out onto the roof"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Freeze, bitch!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 5,Freeze!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 6,Hands up! Hands up!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 7,Don't move! Don't move!
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,It's all right! There's been a misunderstanding! I'm a hall monitor. [the officers are somewhat stunned] This fugitive is trying to avoid a hallway infraction by skipping off to Milan.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 8,"Hey, that is the teacher we just got the report about. [she and Ike back up slowly, towards the roof's edge. Kyle and Leeroy show up]"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Officer 5,"[through his bullhorn] All right, Miss Stevenson, you got nowhere to go!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Miss Stevenson,Why couldn't you just leave us alone? All we wanted was to love.
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Cartman,"Get down! We can do this the easy way, or we can do it Dawg-style!"
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy,Leeroy,"She gawt a scarf awn her heyed, huh?"
