Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,...How should I know? I'm retarded. Daaaaa!
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer,I'll just leave that blank for now.
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"The Special Olympic Field, under the bleachers. Jimmy prepares to inject more steroids into his right arm."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[performs the injection] Yeah, b-bigger, stronger! [Timmy rolls by and hears him, then raises his eyes in alarm]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Timmy rolls to Mr. Mackey's office, sighs and knocks."
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"[opens the door] Oh, hi Timmy. Come on in. [Timmy follows Mr. Mackey in] I understand you have somethin' important you wanna talk to me about, m'kay?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[leans forward and begins] Timmy.
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Well, Timmy, as your counselor, I want you to know that you can tell me anything, m'kay? And whatever's troublin' you, I wanna try and, and help you with it."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[sighs and begins again] Timmy.
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Mmm'kay, right, you're Timmy. ...Yo-you have a problem?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[shakes his head vigorously] No Timmy, Jimmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,Ji-Jimmy?
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[showing his frustration] Haaa! [remembers something] Oh, oh! [wheels over to a class picture of the fourth graders. Jimmy is at one end of the front row, with Mr. Garrison behind him. Timmy reaches up and points] Jimmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, Jimmy Valmer! Oh, okay, what about him?"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"[rolls back and tries to get the story out with gestures. He demonstrates Jimmy asking for his bag] Timmah! Timmah, uh, Jimmih. [demonstrates himself handing the bag to Jimmy and seeing the contents fall out] Hey Timmy, Timmah Tim-oh! Tim-Timmah! [shows his reaction to the steroids] Timmmah? Jimmih! Jimmih. [demonstrates the argument between the two] Jimmih Timmah Timmah? Timmah, Timmah! Jimmih... Jimmih! Jimmih! Timmah! [demonstrates the bottle being dropped] Timmah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"[confused] Mmmmm'kaaay. I don't quite follow, Timmy."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,Argh. Jimmy...
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Right, Jimmy Valmer."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,"Uh. [demonstrates himself minding his own business when he sees Jimmy shooting up in the shadows], Timmah Jimmih Jimmih Jim- [demonstrates the injection, then flexes his muscles and takes a sinister tone] Jimmh Timmah Timmah Jimmih!"
Up the Down Steroid,Mr. Mackey,"Right. He's Jimmy, yeah."
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[really frustrated] Haaaaaaaaaah!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. Cartman types away at his computer. Screen reads: How I Will Spend My One Thousand Dollars By Eric Cartman. A knock on his door is heard."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Enter. [Kyle enters, and walks up next to Cartman]"
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"Cartman, I really, really have a problem with what you're doing. I object to it morally, and I find it grossly offensive. [they look at each other and Cartman closes a book he had open for reference]"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Go on, Kyle."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"I know that I often have serious moral objections to the things that you do, but... this time I think you really need to reconsider, because if you do this, I believe you will go to hell. So I feel it is my responsibility, as your friend, to tell people what you're doing, and to put a stop to it!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Well, Kyle, I understand where you're coming from, and I appreciate you being so direct. Um, the thing is, you really have kind a warped view on morality because you're Jewish. Now, Kyle, you haven't gone to see Mel Gibson's film, The Passion of the Jew."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,"I didn't come here to talk about The Passion, Cartman!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Let me finish. If you had seen The Passion you would know that Hell is reserved for the Jews, and all those who don't accept Christ. That being the case, it is actually me who is worried about your soul."
Up the Down Steroid,Kyle,I came here to talk about you!
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Yes. [hops off his seat and consoles Kyle] And instead you had to break through yourself. This is really the beginning of a whole new chapter of your life, Kyle. [whispers] Good luck. [after a few seconds, Kyle turns around and goes to leave. He opens the door, turns around to say something but instead walks out. Cartman just hums a tune, goes back to the computer and reads some more.]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Jimmy's house. He's working out on a bench press in his room. A mirror sits next to him.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Come on, push it! Push it! [he pushes the weights onto the bar rest and sits up. He checks his musculature out in the mirror] Yeah. Nice p-pecs. Sweet b-biceps. [the door opens and Nancy enters]"
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,"Jimmy, I thought we were meeting at the doughnut shop."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"The Games are in two days, Nancy. I can't be w-wasting my time."
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,I guess I didn't realize I was a waste of time.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Oh Jesus! [lays back down and takes up the weights] You gonna start running your mouth off again? [begins new reps] P-push it! Push it!
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,"Jimmy, everyone's worried about you. You seem... different."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,They-they're all just... jealous.
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,You're not the boy I fell in love with last week during Free Period. I'm leaving you.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[quickly rests the weights and sits up] You're not leaving me! You try to leave me and I'll kill you, bitch!"
Up the Down Steroid,Nancy,You can't treat people like this!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[gets up and walks over to Nancy, then begins beating her with his crutches. She wails] I said, shut your mouth, bitch! Why did you make me do it, huh?! [he grabs her by the throat and throws her head against the floor a few times, then whacks her on the side of the head a few times.] You're not leavin' anybody! You just keep your G-Goddamned mouth shut and do what you're t-t-t-uh-tol-told! [resumes beating her. His mom opens the door to see what's the matter]"
Up the Down Steroid,Sarah,"Jimmy What the? [tries to stop the beating] Jimmy, oh my God!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[uppercuts his mother off and heads for the door] Stay away from me, you stupid b-b-b-bitches! [walks down the hall, hits the walk with his right crutch, and breaks down.] No! God! [collapses on his back and bawls]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Saturday morning at the Special Olympics stadium.
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"Welcome, everyone, to the 2004 Special Olympics! [the crowd cheers. The boys are there, as promised] We will be holding various throughout the day, and at the end of it all we will have some very special celebrity athletes here to present the trophy for top athlete, along with the cash prize of one thousand dollars."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[flexes his right bicep] Top athlete, yeah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"One thousand dollars, yeah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Host,So let's have all our athletes report to their first assigned events and... Let the Games begin! [The crowd cheers wildly]
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"First event, Track and Field, 100-meter dash."
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,Will those athletes in heat 1 of the hundred-meter dash please report to Track Area B.
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer 2,"Okay, racers, are we ready? [raises her firing pistol] Take your marks."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[hobbles into the fifth position on the track] Daaaa! Daaaa!
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer 2,On your marks! Get set! Go! [the runners take off. Cartman quickly falls behind]
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,Whoa. What the hell?? [the girl in position 6 breaks the tape. Cartman hobbles past the finish line four seconds later]
Up the Down Steroid,Volunteer 2,"Great job, everyone. [points to the runners who were in positions 6, 2, and 4] You three advance to the next heat. [the group leaves]"
Up the Down Steroid,Winner,All right!
Up the Down Steroid,Blond Boy,Good Job.
Up the Down Steroid,Blonde Girl,We did it!
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Well, guess I'll, guess I'll just have to kick ass in the other events."
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"""Put It To The Limit"" begins to play again. Cartman is in a swimming competition now, but again, he's struggling in last place. Jimmy lifts a bar laden with weights successfully in the clean-and-jerk competition, then throws the bar down."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,Yeeessss! [walks back and forth happily] Yes! Yes!
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,"He's got it! That's a new Special Olympics record, folks! [Timmy is understandably unimpressed and pissed off]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Back to Track and Field events, 100-meter hurdles. Cartman is again last."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,[trips over a hurdle] God-damnit!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Back to Swimming events. Jimmy takes his heat easily.
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,"Winner, Jimmy Valmer! [Jimmy flexes his left arm and scrambles out of the water. Timmy is more pissed off]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, pole-vault. a Special Olympian runs up to the posts, plants his pole in the square mark, and clears the bar successfully. Cartman steps up to the straight track with his pole."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"All right, this one I can win! [drops his pole, takes off his helmet and gives it to another athlete] Here, hold this! [takes up his pole and aims] I'll show you Goddamned retards! [runs up to the posts, plants his pole, and sails up, but the pole won't straighten out. It flexes a few time before it breaks, sending Cartman back down to the track, where he lands on his back]"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, 100-meter hurdles. Jimmy increases his lead over the competition."
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, javelin throw. An athlete runs up to the edge and throws his javelin. His tongue hangs out. Timmy rolls up and throws his javelin. Cartman runs up and throws his, but it lands just far enough for him to still touch the tail end of it."
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,God-damnit!
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,"Track and Field events, triple jump. Jimmy jumps and lands at 18.5 feet, skids a foot more, then stops and waits for the score."
Up the Down Steroid,Announcer,That's another Special Olympics record!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[raises his arms and crutches up in victory] Yeah! Yeah! [turns around] Yeah, I did it! [turns around] Yeah! Yeah!"
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,Early evening at the Special Olympics stadium. The sun has set and some of the crowd is back on the field.
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"Ladies and Gentlemen, our day of competition has come to an end, and we have an ultimate grand special champion for 2004! Here to present the award are baseball legends Mark McGuire, Jason Giambi, and Barry Bonds. [the three players come out and walk to the podium. All of them are buff]"
Up the Down Steroid,Bonds,The 2004 special athlete is... Jimmy Valmer.
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[raises up his left arm and crutch] Yeah! Fuck yeah! [Timmy sits nearby with his arms crossed, glaring at Jimmy. Jimmy walks up to the podium] Yeah, I did it! I'm the b-bub-best! [Bonds hands Jimmy the medal. The host returns to the podium]"
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"Congratulations, Jimmy. But we all know that the Special Olympics isn't just about winning. And so, we will now give out the Spirit Award, to the handicapped person who came in very last. Eric Cartman!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Ah, screw you hippies!"
Up the Down Steroid,Host,"For winning the Spirit Award, Eric will receive this gift certificate to Shakey's for fifty dollars! Come on up, Eric!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"...I could pile at Shakey's, heck. [puts on his helmet and walks up] Uh, Drrrr! Drrrr!"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[confronts Cartman] Hey! Just what the hell do you think you're doing, Eric?!"
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"[humbly] Uhh, hehe. Uh de-duhhhh."
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"You f-f f-faked being handicapped to win?! [grabs Cartman by the collar] I should kick your ass right here, you lousy no-good ch-ch-cheater!"
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[approaches] Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,What?
Up the Down Steroid,Timmy,[points to Jimmy] Timmah!
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"[thinks a moment] Oh my God. You-you're right, Timmy. You're totally right. [walks up to the mic and begins talking]"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Everyone, can I have your attention, please? [everyone falls silent] I'm afraid I have to give back my medal. The truth is, I haven't been playing fair either. I've been using st-steroids. I was willing to do anything to be the best, and the steroids made me blind to the people I was hurting. [a shot of Nancy, injured and taped around the head. She smiles] A good friend even tried to talk me out of it, and I wouldn't listen to him. [a shot of Timmy, who smiles and shows off his silver medal. Others around him wear bronzes.] Taking steroids is just like pretending to be handicapped at the Special Olympics. [a shot of a chastened Cartman before the baseball players]"
Up the Down Steroid,Jimmy,"Because you're taking all the fairness out of the game. But I know now that even if you do win on steroids, you're really not a winner. You're just a p-pussy. You're just a [shot of Mark McGuire] big fat p-p-pussy, and if you take steroids, the only decent thing to do is come forward and say, [shot of Barry Bonds] ""Remove me from the record books, because I am a big, stinky p-pussy- "" [shot of Jason Giambi] ""-steroid-taking jackass."" [Giambi nods ever so subtly] That's how I feel about myself, and why I must decline this medal and my place in the history books. And if you'll let me, I'll be back next year. To compete with honor. [applause rises from the stands, followed by cheers. The volunteers and baseball players gather around Jimmy]"
Up the Down Steroid,McGuire,Hey kid. Good for you for being honest.
Up the Down Steroid,Scene Description,The stands. Cartman walks up to his friends.
Up the Down Steroid,Cartman,"Well guys, I guess now you see what I was up to all along. I dressed up like a handicapped person and lost the Special Olympics on purpose, so that Jimmy could learn his lesson about steroids. [he looks at Kyle and then Stan for a reaction, but neither offers any. He frowns, then steps forward angrily] Eh, oh yeah?! We- well you guys are assholes! [straightens up] Grow up! [walks off in a huff]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. A minivan rocks gently on the street. Inside, the boys make their interpretations of spaceship noises. Being the good boys that they are, they're strapped in. They're wearing football helmets and makeshift Starfleet uniforms."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[in the driver's seat] Captain Cartman reporting from Shuttlecraft Spontaneity. Approaching planet Omega Nine.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Warp drive disengaged. Landing sequence initiated.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"What kind of atmosphere are you reading on the planet surface, Jew?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I'm a Vulcan!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"All right, what kind of atmosphere are you reading, Vulcan Jew?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[looking into an imaginary viewer] The atmosphere is oxygen-based, should support our breathing."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"All right, hang on. We're about to land. [the boys make landing noises, with Stan finishing off with a thump. Cartman removes his seatbelt] Okay, First Officer Stan and Engineer Kenny, you come with me on the away team. Vulcan Jew Kyle will wait here."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,No! I'm on the away team too! [he and Kenny remove their belts]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[looks back] It's my Mom's new minivan, so I'm the captain, Kyle!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I don't care! You're not making me wait in the van again!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Fine, Kyle! But if something goes wrong out there on the planet surface, don't hold me responsible."
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,The side door slides open. Cartman leads the other three out.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Set phasers on stun.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Things seem pretty quiet.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Yes. A little too quiet.
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I am picking up carbon-based life forms in Sector C. I believe we will find a village of peaceful aliens over that ridge. [Cartman sighs silently]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Okay, fine, I guess we'll look for- Oh no!! Look out! It's a giant four-headed lava frog! Shoot it! [the boys take their positions and start firing away] Oh no, it got Kyle!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,[stops firing and stands still] No it doesn't. [the other boys continue with their phaser noises]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Aw, it got Kyle and it's tearing his head off! [pretends to be the monster ripping Kyle's head off] Aw you guys, it looks like Kyle is done for!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"No I'm not! God damn it Cartman, you're not gonna kill me off again!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Agh! You see guys, this is why you don't bring Jews along on the away team: they don't play along!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Shut up about Jews, fatass! You don't know anything!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh God, here we go again."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! I saw Mel Gibson's movie, The Passion, and Mel Gibson says, in the movie, Jews are the Devil!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,He does not!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"How do you know?! I've seen The Passion thirty-four times now, Kyle! You haven't seen it once! There's even one part where the Jews have a chance to save Jesus, and you know what they do? They let Barabbas, a serial killer, go free instead and laugh about it."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,Naw uh!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Go see the movie, Kyle!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,That does it! I'm sick of you guys arguing about The Passion! I'm out of here.
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Me too!) [they leave]
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I'm not arguing about The Passion! He's being an asshole!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"You know what it is? You're scared. You're scared of the truth. You don't want that movie to show you just how bad the Jews are, and why everyone hates you."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,People don't hate the Jews!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[focuses Kyle's attention to him] Really? Three hundred million domestic box-office, Kyle. The top-grossing film of all time, Kyle. Those numbers don't lie. If you're not scared of The Passion then go see it. Go see it and tell me I'm wrong. Mel Gibson, Kyle. Mel Gibson."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,...You're a stupid asshole! [turns and walks off. Cartman turns left and glances at Kyle]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Sweet, now I can just play with myself. [fires off his phaser] Pewpeww-pewww! Get back in the shuttlecraft! [races into the minivan]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. Mel Gibson's The Passion of The Christ is now playing. Kyle walks up to the ticket booth, stops, turns back, stops again, and steps up to the window. He gives the ticket salesman $10."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,One please.
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,This is an R-rated movie.
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Yeah, I know, but I have to-"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"But, because this is such an important film that actually depicts the selfless act of Jesus Christ, I'll let you in to see it."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"...Thanks. [makes his way towards the doors, glancing back at the cashier in wonder]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, inside. Kyle enters and makes his way to a seat. He watches."
The Passion of the Jew,Soldier 1,Hac bashtud Christo.
The Passion of the Jew,Soldier 2,Et lac Hesus. Belaca veshtad.
The Passion of the Jew,Jesus,"Wa! [the whipping begins and Jesus screams. This goes on for a long time. Kyle's mouth widens, his eyes get bigger. The next scene, he's got his coat over his mouth and he's almost in a fetal position. The next scene has him turned to his left, grimacing, his hat pulled over his ears as he winces. The next scene has him trembling]"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,Haaaah! [Next scene has Kyle with his eyes squeezed shut and his hands over his face. He's now curled up in a ball]
The Passion of the Jew,Jesus,"Non. Non. Nono, non, non, WAAAAHH!! [the whipping continues and Kyle dares to peek again. His stomach reacts and he vomits. The next scene has him almost passed out with vomit dribbling from his chin. The film ends and Kyle doesn't move.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, outside. Kyle walks outside in a daze."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,How? How could the Jews do that to Jesus?
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"Pretty brutal, isn't it? Kinda wanna make you change your life, huh?"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. He's on the couch eating cereal."
The Passion of the Jew,Announcer,"And now, back to Terrance and Phillip. [the doorbell rings]"
The Passion of the Jew,Phillip,"Hey Terrance, I think I have a-"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Mom! Doorbell!
The Passion of the Jew,Terrance,"Wait, before you do, pull my thumb. [a second laughter and laughter is heard.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[the doorbell rings] Mom! Answer the door!
The Passion of the Jew,Terrance,"Hey Phillip, guess what?"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"God damn it, lazy-ass whore. [gets up and answers the door himself.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Phillip,What?
The Passion of the Jew,Terrance,Faaart.[Terrance farts. Cartman opens the door and sees Kyle soaking wet from the heavy rain]
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"You were right. You were right all along. I thought you were just an asshole when you ripped on Jews, but... I didn't know, I... I didn't know."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"It's okay, Kyle. It's okay. Just... say that first part again?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"You were, you were right?"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[closes his eyes and relishes the moment] Mmm, one more time, Kyle."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,You were right. [Cartman opens his eyes and beams brightly]
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, his bedroom. Cartman's on his knees."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"I want to thank you for all the blessings you have brought me. You have shown me the way so many times in the past and... now you are making all my dreams come true. You give me strength when there is doubt, and I praise you for all you have done. [a shot of Mel Gibson's poster, without the ""Braveheart"" on it.] Only you, Mel Gibson, have had the wisdom and the courage to show the world the truth. From this day forward I will dedicate my life to making sure your film is seen by everyone. I will organize the masses so that we may do thy bidding. Hail Mel Gibson. Amen."
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,Stan's house. He and Kenny are in his bedroom reading a newspaper.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Look at that, dude. The Passion has made almost 400 million dollars at the box office now."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Goddamn.)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,[rises] Everyone in the country's gonna see that movie. I guess... we have to go see it too.
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. No clouds around. Stan and Kenny sit inside in the middle, looking at the movie. The movie ends."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Dude. That movie sucked.
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,"(Yeah, it totally sucked!)"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,How can they even call that a movie?
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(I don't know!)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"That's bullcrap dude, let's go get our money back."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Yeah!) [they leave their seats]
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, outside. A couple emerges."
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Wow, I didn't realize how horrible Christ's death was."
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"Me neither. Oh honey, let's be good Christians from now on! [they walk off, screen left. A second couple emerges]"
The Passion of the Jew,Man 1,"[brown shirt, green sweater] I think if more people saw The Passion they'd have faith in Jesus."
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 1,"[orange blouse, necklace] Yeah, it really guilt-trips you into believing. [they walk off, screen right. Stan and Kenny come out and approach the window]"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Hey, we want our money back."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Huh?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,That movie sucked ass. Give us back our eighteen dollars.
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,I can't refund your money. You sat through the whole movie.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"That wasn't a movie, that was a snuff film!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Yeah!)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,You can't charge people to watch a guy get tortured for two hours!
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"That guy happened to be Jesus, and he went through all that to pay for your sins!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"We go to church to learn that stuff! We go to movies to be entertained! We weren't entertained, and we want our money back!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,I'm not allowed to give you your money back after you sat through the whole movie! You'd have to take your complaint up with the film's producers.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,W-what? Mel Gibson? You're saying we have to get our money back from Mel Gibson?
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Yeah. I'd like to see you try.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh, we will! This is America! And in America, if something sucks, you're supposed to be able to get your money back! Come on, Kenny! [he and Kenny storm off]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Kyle's house, night. Kyle tosses and turns while asleep. Scenes from the movie fill his mind: Jesus carrying the cross past the high priests, who have scowling faces. Flashes of Renaissance Passion art go by."
The Passion of the Jew,Priests,"Kill him! Guilty! Kill him! [sketches of a nail driven through the left palm are animated, then a realistic view of Jesus crucified] Kill him! Kill him! Die!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Kill Jesus! Yesss! Arrrgh! [a spear pierces Jesus' side. The one piercing him is Kyle himself, who seems to be relishing this, as he pierces Jesus a few more times. A review of images, then an image of Alan Alda, and Kyle wakes up frightened. After a few screams he looks around]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. Stan and Kenny are at Stan's computer."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Okay, search for Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson bio, Mel Gibson news, Mel Gibson... home page. Here we go. [clicks on the link] Welcome to Mel Gibson's ThePassion.com, your source for everything Mel. Pictures, philosophy, upcoming projects. Damn it, no phone number! Oh wait! ""For more information on Mel Gibson, call the Webmaster at 1-800-43.."" Okay, okay, wait, here we go. [picks up the phone and dials in]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,MEL GIBSON FAN CLUB LINE
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,The phone rings. Cartman answers.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Mel Gibson's The Passion Fan Club.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Hi, uh, my friend and I just went to see The Passion."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Uh huh, and so you want to join the fan club now. Our first meeting is at 5:30 p.m."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"No, no, no, no, we want our money back."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,What?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,We think the movie sucked and we want Mel Gibson to give us back our eighteen dollars. Do you know how we can get in touch with him?
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"You thought it sucked? Sir, apparently, you don't understand what Mel Gibson was trying to do! He was trying to express, through cinema, the horror and filthiness of the common Jew. It has made people the world over open their eyes."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Look, kid, we just thought it was a bad movie, so tell us how to get in touch with Mel Gibson so we can get our money back!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"If I knew where Mel Gibson was, I'd be down on the floor licking his balls at this very moment, sir. All I know is he lives somewhere in Malibu. Now stop wasting me and Mel Gibson's time, you little wussy prick."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Hey, don't take that tone with me, kid! I'll kick your ass!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Oh yeah?! I'd like to see you try, asshole! I'm like six feet tall!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,I don't care! You sound like a little bitch to me!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Bitch?! Don't call me bitch! I'll pop your fuckin' head open!
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Yeah?! You wanna bring it, you little pussy?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"I already brought it, bitch! I brought it, set it down on the table and opened it, bitch!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"[in recognition] Wait a minute. Cartman?! [realizing he's been recognized, Cartman is speechless]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Eup. [hangs up and skulks away]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"[packing] Come on, Kenny, we're going to Malibu!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Malibu? But how?)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"We'll take the bus! Look, this isn't about the eighteen dollars ticket money anymore. This is about being able to hold bad filmmakers responsible! [He leads Kenny out of his room] This is just like when we got our money back for BASEketball!"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Cartman dons a Nazi outfit, taking care to look sharp."
The Passion of the Jew,Liane,"Eric, sweetie, there's a bunch of people showing up in our backyard saying something about a meeting?"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Yeah Mom, I'm holding a meeting for all the people who loved The Passion as much as I did."
The Passion of the Jew,Liane,"Oh, that's great, sweetie."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[turns right so his profile will look sharp as well] Tell them I'll be down shortly
The Passion of the Jew,Liane,"Okay, hon."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[wields his short whip]Töten sie die Juden. Wir können nicht still stehen bis sie alle tot sind! Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready to do thy bidding, Mel Gibson. [a shot of the poster.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Cartman's backyard. Some people are seated, others chat, others help themselves to chips and fingerfoods."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 1,"Hello, are you folks holding this Passion meeting?"
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"No. Actually, we're guests as well. I'm Jack Garrett and this is my wife Elise."
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,Hello.
The Passion of the Jew,Man 2,I think it's so great that someone took the initiative to have a meeting like this.
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,Oh I agree. There are so many of us who are moved by The Passion. It's a perfect idea to have us organize so we can strengthen the Christian community.
The Passion of the Jew,Man 2,And apparently the organizer is just an eight year old boy who was touched by the film.
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Leave it to a child to show us all the way, huh?"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"Yeah, so I see this ad on the Internet saying if you love The Passion to come to this meeting, so here I am!"
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 2,It's great that everyone came here to figure out how to use The Passion to enrich everyone's lives. [Cartman approaches the dais.]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Ah, hello everyone. Achtung. [the last few standing people take their seats] My name is Eric Cartman and I'm the President of the Mel Gibson Fan Club. [applause] Ah thank you, thank you. I'm happy to see that all of you.were affected by The Passion like I was. Now, we all know why we're here, and I believe we all what needs to be done."
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 3,[in pink dress] We sure do. [the crowd voices its approval]
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"But, I think it's best we don't talk out loud about it until we have most of them on the trains heading to the camps. [the guests fall silent]"
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"[in orange blouse] Wha- what does that mean, sweetie?"
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"I'm not sure, but- uh. [stands up] Folks, I just wanna interrupt for a second and say how remarkable it is that this little boy brought us all together. The Passion is causing a revolution of spirituality, and we owe Mel Gibson and this little boy our thanks. [the crowd voices its approval]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[bows a few times] Thank you, thank you very much. Now, in order to do what we [his face turns ugly] all know needs to be done, we are first going to need more support. I think we should all go out and take at least one other person to see The Passion."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 3,"Oh, what a great idea! We each make it our responsibility to convert one more person!"
The Passion of the Jew,Guests,"Heheh, great! Yeah! Great idea."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Yes, and then we can begin the cleansing, if you know what I mean."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,We sure do!
The Passion of the Jew,Guests,Yeah. All right. Woohoo!
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Mel's Malibu mansion, day. A rusty Beetle rolls up to the front security gate, stops, and lets out some passengers, then rolls away. Stan and Kenny remain."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Thank you. [looks over his Map To The Stars' Homes] This must be the place. [they walk through a side door right under a guard's nose. He fails to notice them. They walk up the driveway and past the massive fountain] Goddamn, Mel Gibson must be loaded. [rings the doorbell. The door opens and Mel appears]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Yes?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh, hi, uh, my name is Stan, and this is Kenny."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Hello.)
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Uh, we saw your movie, The Passion, and we didn't like it, so, can we have our money back, please?"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"You can't not like The Passion! I just followed the Bible! Christ died for you. Go home. [leaves, but the boys follow him in.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Mel Gibson's mansion, inside."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Look, dude, we came a long way. We're not leaving until you give us our money."
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"Oh yeah? Well you're gonna have to find it first. [unbuttons his shirt] But I won't tell you where I keep my money. [takes off his shirt] You can torture me all you want, I still won't tell you!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Tor- torture you?
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[removes his pants and socks] Ha! So you do intend to torture me, huh?! [runs up to a torture rack and lies down in it] Well go ahead! Do your worst! [shackles himself in] You still won't get your ticket money back! I can take whatever you can dish out!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,We don't want to torture you.
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"I get it, but you don't have a choice, is that it?! Well go ahead! I just sure hope you don't use those whips over there on the wall!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Dude, can we please just have the eighteen dollars back from you?"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[unshackles himself and walks up to the boys] I have to use that money to build my church! I brought the fire and brimstone back to Christianity with The Passion and now I'm gonna start my own church! And do you know why?! So I can play banjo! [whips out a hat and banjo, puts on the hat, and starts playing] Jesus, oh how I love ya, how I love ya Jesus!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Dude, this guy is freakin' daffy!"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"How dare you call me crazy! This means war! [jumps up and whoops like an Indian, twirls around a few times, and fires off blanks at the boys. Stan and Kenny run]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"South Park Church, rectory. Fr. Maxi sits at his desk explaining things to Kyle."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"And so it was that God sent his only son down from heaven, to die for our sins."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Oh okay, but did God sent Jesus TO die, or did Jesus just get kind of screwed over."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"...What is troubling you, my child?"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Well, I have this friend, see? And this friend belongs to a certain, Chosen People of Israel. And it... so happens that these chosen people killed your Lord."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,Ah! You mean he's a Jew!
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Right. But he can't live with the guilt anymore. Because, even if Jesus wasn't really the Son of God, he was still a nice guy. And he didn't deserve what happened to him in Mel Gibson's movie. I I can't sleep at night. I mean, my... friend can't sleep at night."
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"Yes, The Passion is very powerful. The truth is, there's not a whole lot in the Bible about the Crucifixion. The Passion was actually done as a performance piece back in the Middle Ages to incite people against the Jews."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,But how can the Jews make it better??
The Passion of the Jew,Father Maxi,"Well, if you really care about your friend's soul, then perhaps show him the way of Jesus. Remember: Christianity is about atonement."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Wait. That's it. Atonement. Of course. [gets off the chair] I know what I have to do now. Thank you, Father. [turns and walks out]"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"Back at Mel's mansion, Stan and Kenny are still running from Mel, who's chasing after them in a cartoonish way. Mel passes a mirror, then gets back to it a second later."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan and Kenny,Aaaah!
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"Two days ago, I saw a vehicle that would haul that tanker. You wanna get outta here? Talk to me. [resumes hopping like a mad rabbit]"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Mel Gibson is fucking crazy dude! [catches a glimpse of a wallet on a table] Wait! There's his wallet! [runs up to it with Kenny]
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Freedom! [Stan grabs the wallet and rifles through it]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Awww crap, he's only got twenties! You got two dollars, Kenny? [Kenny hands Stan $2]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Jesus is Lord! [Stan puts the $2 in and takes out $20]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"All right, let's get the hell out of here! [heads for the doors and opens one. Mel dances in wearing a Carmen Miranda outfit. Stan and Kenny head for another pair of doors. Stan opens it and Mel enters dressed as a clown]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"When you're a clown, nobody takes you seriously!"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,Outside.
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Aah! Run, dude, run!"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[hopping out behind them, in Braveheart face paint and wielding a sword] K'plagh! K'plagh! And good evening, frieeeeeeends!"
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, day. A large cross is erected atop the Bijou sign. A crowd gathers and acclaims it."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"One month ago today, this amazing film opened in theaters. And now, we proud few gather here as a people brought together by its message! [some applause] Fellow fans of Mel Gibson, our numbers have grown and now, together, we have the power to change the world! [the crowd applauds] Now I believe we should take to the streets and march in unwavering support of this important movie!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Woah! Great idea!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 3,It'll be like a parade!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 4,Good idea!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"And as we march for The Passion we should also voice our support! So, when I say ""Es ist Zeit für Säuberung,"" you all chant back ""Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten."""
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"Well, what does that mean, dear?"
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Oh, I think it's Aramaic. You know, like in the movie."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,"Ooo, Aramaic. Cool."
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Neato! That'll be awesome. Great!
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,What was our Aramaic line again?
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[pounds the table a few times] Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!! [his hair gets messed up from the impacts]
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,"[repeats, gaining confidence with each syllable] Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten."
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit fër Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten.
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,"Oh, this is fun! [smiles]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[picks a mark in front of the crowd] All right, everyone! Forward, march! [they all move forward] Es ist Zeit für Rache!"
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit für Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Townsfolk,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Nice.
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"A synagogue. A service is going on, and the synagogue is full."
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,"Shalom hak nak shalom. And now one of our fine young shlokas, Kyle Broflovski, has asked if he could speak to the congregation. [Kyle approaches the lectern]"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Thank you, rabbi. [Sheila smiles and gets Gerald's attention. Kyle clears his throat.] In 1973, the United States officially issued an apology to the African American community for slavery. In 1956, Germany officially apologized for World War II AND the Holocaust. And now, I believe, in 2004, the Jewish community needs to apologize for the death of Jesus."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 4,What? [others murmur their shock]
The Passion of the Jew,Sheila,Whatwhatwhaaat?!
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"If we as a people choose not to believe that Jesus is the Son of God, then we can still apologize for the brutal way in which he was killed, and take our share of the responsibility for it."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 5,Oh my God! [the other congregants groan]
The Passion of the Jew,Gerald,"Kyle, what on earth has gotten into you?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,I saw The Passion!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 6,Oh no! The Passion?! [others murmur]
The Passion of the Jew,Man 7,This proves the anti-Semitic effect that movie is having!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 8,"Yeah, it makes Jews into stereotypes."
The Passion of the Jew,Man 9,Stereotyping Jews is terrible.
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 4,Something must be done to stop that movie!
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,"Now, now, everyone calm down. We live in a rational community, and everyone knows this is just a movie. There's no cause for alarm."
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,[from outside] Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"[from outside] Es ist Zeit für Rache! [congregants rise and face the doors in the back, others look out the windows. They see Cartman leading a march past the synagogue]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit für Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,"Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten! [the rabbi and his congregants look on, confused]"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,Es ist Zeit für Rache!
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The southwest, desert territory. A tour bus heads east, with Stan and Kenny riding inside."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Well it looks like with these bus tickets we spend about eighty... seven dollars getting our money back from Mel Gibson. [net loss, sixty-nine dollars] But I think it's the principle of the thing that matters."
The Passion of the Jew,Kenny,(Yeah. I agree.) [a truck horn blows and Stan stands to see who it is. Kenny joins him]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Oh, you've got to be shittin' me. [Mel Gibson closes in fast in his Mad Max gas truck and wearing Braveheart face paint]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Give me back my money! [blows his horn again]
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"Goddamn, that guy's crazy. [hops off his seat and runs up to the driver] Hey dude, you've gotta speed up."
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,Huh?
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Mel Gibson is chasing after us. You've gotta go faster.
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,"Haha, very funny, kid. Sit down and stop playing games."
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"I'm not playing games. Mel Gibson is right behind you and he's gonna- [Mel plows into the bus, making both vehicles screech. The riders sway in their seats]"
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,What the hell?
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,[shaking his fist in the air] Haaaa! K'Plaaaa!
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,Hey! That's Mel Gibson!
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,Yeah. I told you that!
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,"Well, what the hell does he want?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"He wouldn't give us our money back for The Passion, so we kinda took it."
The Passion of the Jew,Driver,You didn't like The Passion? But it shows how Christ suffered for you. Mel Gibson is a very spiritual man. [Mel rams into them again]
The Passion of the Jew,Scene Description,"The Bijou, night. The synagogue's congregation moves quickly down the street towards the theater."
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[to his parents] Both you guys, stop! Please. You're gonna make people hate us more!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Can I help you?
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,This movie is causing anti-Semitism! You must remove it from your theater!
The Passion of the Jew,Congregants,That's right! Yeah! Remove your movie!
The Passion of the Jew,Shlomo,Remove it from the theater? Fat chance!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 10,We demand you stop showing it!
The Passion of the Jew,Congregants,Yeah! Yeah!
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[facing the congregants] No, no, no! Don't become an angry mob! [behind him Cartman is seen leading his mob to the theater] The last time we did that we killed Jesus!"
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,[points] Juden!
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,What's going on here?
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,They're trying to have The Passion pulled from the theater.
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,This film is anti-Semitic and it must be stopped!
The Passion of the Jew,Man 11,Nonsense! Mel Gibson is a smart and spiritual man! There's nothing anti-Semitic about it!
The Passion of the Jew,Elise,It has reaffirmed all of our faith in Christ.
The Passion of the Jew,Rabbi,It's made one of our little Jewish boys want to apologize for the death of Jesus!
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"Well, maybe you should apologize."
The Passion of the Jew,Mob,That's right! What he said.
The Passion of the Jew,Woman 5,"How dare you?! [the sound of a truck is faintly heard, but gets stronger.]"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[noticing] Look out!! [The crowds move to the other side of the street as the tour bus skids to a stop just past the theater. Mel Gibson roars into town and crashes into the ticket booth, and his gas truck blows up. The crowds crawl out of their safety places and merge]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Give me my eighteen dollars!
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Mel! Gibson! [brightens and approaches him, then grovels at his feet] Oh mein Savior! Mein Führer! You're actually here! Mr. Gibson, I have assembled the masses! We are ready to do thy bidding! [grovels some more] Have I been a good boy, Mr. Gibson?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"Ha! [ignores Cartman and walks up to Stan and Kenny] So! You boys have led me here to your secret base, huh? I guess now you're gonna start torturing me! Well! [grabs his nipples and falls on his knees. The crowd steps back as he twists his nipples] Oh, my nipples are so tender! Don't squeeze them anymore!"
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,That's... Mel Gibson?
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,H- he's not... quite as eloquent as I had pictured.
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[backs up towards a building] Yeah... [grabs a piece of crap from his ass and removes it from his briefs, turns around, and defaces the building] I'll bet you wanna torture me now, don't you?!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"[joins Stan and Kenny] Dude, what's wrong with him?"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"He's koo-koo, dude. He's absolutely out of his mind."
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"You! You would all love to torture me, wouldn't you? [gets down on all fours and hoists his ass up] Okay, fine. See what you can fit in there, I can take it!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,Dude! I've been freaked out this whole time because of that guy's movie?
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"[rises and walks up to the boys] Fine! If nobody here is man enough to torture me, then just give me my eighteen dollars!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,It's our eighteen dollars! Your movie sucked!
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,"You can't say my movie sucked, or else you're saying Christianity sucked!"
The Passion of the Jew,Stan,"No, dude, if you wanna be Christian, that's cool, but, you should follow what Jesus taught instead of how he got killed. Focusing on how he got killed is what people did in the Dark Ages and it ends up with really bad results."
The Passion of the Jew,Jack,"You know, he's right, Elise. We shouldn't focus our faith on the torture and execution of Christ."
The Passion of the Jew,Ticket Salesman,Yeah. Lots of people got crucified in those times. We shouldn't rely on violence to inspire faith.
The Passion of the Jew,Cartman,"Aw, aw, no, come on, people, we're so close to completing my final solution!"
The Passion of the Jew,Kyle,"Oh, dude, I feel so much better about being Jewish now that I see that Mel Gibson is just a big wacko douche. [a grinning Mel squats and farts on Cartman, defecating on Cartman]"
The Passion of the Jew,Mel,Woohoohoo! Woohoohoohoohoo! [hops towards the camera.]
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The True Value parking lot somewhere in South Park, day. The boys are playing with motorized toy cars."
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,"Dude, these little remote-controlled cars are kickass. [a car goes up a ramp and jumps off]"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Sweet. I made mine go off the jump. [Stan's car is uncooperative]
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Dude, my car sucks. I gotta get a new one. [some kids come up behind Stan]"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,"Hey, who are those kids?"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan and Cartman turn to see. The crew of five approach and stop. Their leader, dressed in grays, steps forth with his boombox and sets it down, presses ""Play,"" and steps back into the crew. A rap begins to play and the crew begins to dance."
You Got F'd in the A,Boombox,"Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Daaance, sucka! [brief instrumental] Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance-"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Yeah, how you like that y'all! [Stan and his friends merely look on]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,[dressed in red] Let's bring it to these losers.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,Aww yeah!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The OC crew leader dances forward and does some gymnastics moves in Stan's face.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Whatchoo got, huh?! You got nothin'!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The OC crew leader does some more moves and steps backwards into his crew.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Damn! You just got served!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,His crew agrees with him. Stan and friends don't move. The crew member dressed in red steps forward and dances in Kyle's face.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Aww man!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,One of the dancers twirls on his head and ends in a challenge pose.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,"He got you, dude."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Now that kid is gettin' served!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,Uh huh.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The dancer in red stands on his left hand and challenges Kyle with his groin.
You Got F'd in the A,OC,Whoa!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The dancer rolls away and stands on his right hand, rolls back and rests on his left side, then dances away."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Aww man, look at them! They know they can't trip to that! [the girl turns the radio off and the dancers turn and walk away.] Yeah! We're outta here!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 2,"[in gray-green, looks left] That was smokin'!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,[looks right] They didn't do nothin'!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,"[Asian, turns around] Sorry y'all, but try not to let it sting too bad! [laughs and turns around]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,[turns around] You got served! [the others laugh and he turns around] Come on! They had nothin'! Let's go y'all!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member,Come on y'all! [...and they're gone]
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,...What the hell just happened?
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Chef's house, later. Stan rings the doorbell."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"[opens up] Oh. Hello there, children!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Chef, we just got served."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Oh boy... Well come on inside, children. I'll make you some cocoa."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Chef's house, living room. Chef shows the children to the couch."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Have a seat, children. Just try to relax and breathe. [the boys sit down] Are you all okay?"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Yeah.
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"All right. Now, where did you get served?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Over at the True Value parking lot. There were just these kids we never saw before showed up and they were like, really good dancers and, we don't really understand what it means, but I guess-"
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Okay okay, relax children. Relax. It's all over now. Just try to calm down and sit tight. [turns around and picks up the phone] I'm gonna call your parents and let them know you're okay. [taps out a number and the phone rings] Mrs. Marsh? Hi, it's Chef. Yeah, I'm good. Listen: Stan and his friends just got served. Yeah. Yeah, over at the True Value. No no, he's fine. They're all fine. Yeah, it was some kids from out of town. Apparently they were pretty good dancers. They really let 'em have it."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan's house, that night. The family is at the dining table. Sharon brings a large dish over to Stan."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,"Here, Stanley, I made your favorite potato dish. I want you to feel better, okay."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,What's the matter with him?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,Oh. Stan got served at school today.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,You got served? By who?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Some, kids from Orange County."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,Let's not make a big deal out of it.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,So wha- so what'd you do? D'you dance back?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,No.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,What? Yo-you got served and just stood there and took it?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,That was the right thing to do.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"No, that's crap, Sharon. Stanley, when somebody challenges you to dance, you have to dance back at them, or else they'll think you're weak."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"But Dad, I don't know how to dance or nothin'."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"[in low tones] Well then, it's about time you learned! [rises from the table] Put on some loose-fitting clothes and meet me in the garage!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,But Dad-
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,Now! [walks off]
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan's house, garage. Stan and Randy are present. Randy is dressed in sweats, Stan is dressed in sweat pants and sleeveless T-shirt. Randy puts a CD into a stereo system."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"All right son, dancing is all about a frame of mind. Now, I'm not telling you to go around challenging other kids to dance, but when they challenge you, you just look 'em straight in the eye, and give 'em this."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"""Achy-Breaky Heart"" begins to play, and Randy begins to dance and starts to sing. Stan looks on."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Come on, Stan."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Stan steps closer and begins to follow Randy's moves.
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"...six, seven, eight."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan steps out of a slipper, but slips back into it quickly."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"South Park, day, Luau's Toys. Stan and his friends exit and walk down the street."
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,"Dude, that is a sweet RC car!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[carrying the car] Yeah, let's go race it right now![they run into the OC kids]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 2,"Well, what we got here?"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,It's the white boys that were served yesterday. [they laugh]
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"You want a little more, homeboys?"
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,"We're not interested, thanks."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,[steps forth] You're not interested? Not interested in this?
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC member waits for the boombox to play, then dances in Kyle's face, including a back flip. All of the OC crew members begin to dance."
You Got F'd in the A,Boombox,"You can't step to my roots, so don't try it. You can’t burn with my group so don’t light it. I'm on the OC crew and I'm better than you. You like to suck my balls, don't deny it. You can't bop her like me so don't go there. You never find a bigger bitch player nowhere. I put my jimmy in a ho, put off soul. I'm a good listener and that's rare."
You Got F'd in the A,Black Man,"Oh Lord, look at those moves."
You Got F'd in the A,Black Woman,"Oooo, they are takin' it out!"
You Got F'd in the A,Black Man 2,"Oh man, they are getting served!"
You Got F'd in the A,Black Woman 2,"Ooooo, it's getting hot out here!"
You Got F'd in the A,Black Man 3,Have mercy!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The dancers edge closer and closer to the South Park boys.
You Got F'd in the A,Others,"Oooooo, look at that! Lord! Gettin' served!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The rap music is turned off and the OC crew turns to see who did it. Stan puts in his CD and prepares to serve the OC boys. ""Achy Breaky Heart"" plays and Stan dances the steps he learned the night before. The crowds behind both groups look on for a while, then begin to cheer Stan on. Chef is walking down the street minding his own business, but he looks over at the commotion and his jaw drops."
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Yeah! Go Stan!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Oh no! [begins to cross the street] No, stop Stan! You don't know what you're doin'!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC crew are speechless. The song ends. Stan looks around and smiles. Kenny, Cartman and the crowd applaud Stan. Kyle pats Stan on the back. The OC kids look like they just got served."
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,All right Stan!
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,Ha! You just got f'd in the a!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Wha?
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,Yeah! You got served!
You Got F'd in the A,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,Yeah!
You Got F'd in the A,Kyle,That's right!
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,All right!
You Got F'd in the A,Kenny,(Woohoo!)
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,[arrives] No no no!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Okay. All right. We got served. So now, I guess... It's on."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,What?
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,This Saturday! Our top five dancers against your top five dancers! OC Convention Center. It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Members,It's on! It's on! It's on! It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Townsman,[closes his eyes and laments] Oh Lord it's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,Oh dammit! I knew that was gonna happen.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,"We'll see you Saturday, fools! [the crowd behind the OC crew parts and they leave]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Members,"Yeah, and you'd better have a lot better dancers with you than those loozas! 'Cause it's on!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Members,It's on! It's on! It's on! It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The crowd begins to murmur about Saturday and the competition.
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Stan, what the hell did you dance back for?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,I thought I was supposed to!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,Now you've gotta compete against them in the dance competition on Saturday!
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,But why?
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Because if you get served and served them back, then it's on! Don't you know anything??"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Stan's house, breakfast nook. Randy is filling out checks for his bills."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,"[enters the kitchen with Stan] Well, nice going, Randy! Really great advice you gave our son here!"
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,[turns around] What?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,Those kids showed up to serve Stan again and he danced back!
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,So what happened?
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Stan looks helplessly at his father as his mother drags him off. Randy looks on.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"OC Convention Center, day. A large screen over the Center says ""Bounce"" while a sign closer to the viewer says ""This Saturday, 7 PM, Orange County VS. South Park, Dance Competition. It's On!!!!"" Inside, preparations are made for the competition. On the floor, the OC crew practices its move under their coach's supervision."
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Come on now, keep it tight!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC leader and the member in red drop backwards and then spin on their heads, the girl spins on her left hand"
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Good. Now watch that timing, drill team!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,In the background Randy appears and walks through one of the many doors. The crew finishes with a flourish. The members then congratulate themselves.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,All right!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,[stands] All right!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Yeah, bad ass!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 2,"Yeah, that was tight!"
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Not bad, kids. Not bad. [Randy approaches]"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,Not bad? South Park doesn't stand a chance!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Girl,I heard that!
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"All right, it was good. But we don't want ""good,"" we want pain!"
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Uh, hey, ex- excuse me."
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,[turns around] Yeah?
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Hi, uh, my name is Randy Marsh. I'm Stan Marsh's father."
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Oh, so you're the father of the boy who's gonna get f'd in the a on Saturday?"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,Dang!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Oooooo!
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Uh, listen. Uh, it was my fault that Stanley served your boys the other day. Uh, I told him to do it and I... We- well look I, I just came down here to tell you... it- it- it's not on."
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Oh, it's on!"
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"No, no, no, it's not on."
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Whoo, it's on all right!"
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,It isn't on. Nothing's on. It's off.
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,[insistent] It's on!
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,I'm keeping my son home Saturday. I just came by to let you know so you can... put a stop to all this. Goodbye. [turns around and walks away]
You Got F'd in the A,Coach,"Hold on a second, clam-head! [catches him and blocks his way] You think you can just roll in here and tell us it's not on when it very clearly is on?! You're just trying to make us not practice, aren't you?! Because you know that your kids are goin' down when my kids give them this! Give me some moves out, Girl T! [the girl turns on the boombox] Check this out! [balances on his left hand and bounces around, then stands up] Yeah! You like that?!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,Oooo man! [shakes his head]
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,Ohhh Lord!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The coach spins on his back, rises to one hand, flips over, and lands doing the splits, then rises to his feet using an imaginary hook."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,"Oooo, he is gettin' served! [the girl shakes her head]"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Randy is recovering in a room. He's got breathing tubes in his nose and his eyes are squeezed shut. His friends surround him."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Aw, mph! Uuuugh-ah."
You Got F'd in the A,Sharon,"[enters with Stan] Randy? [rushes to his bedside] Randy, oh my God!"
You Got F'd in the A,Skeeter,"What happened to him, Doctor?"
You Got F'd in the A,Dr. Doctor,He got served. Worst I've ever seen.
You Got F'd in the A,Jimbo,"Old fool went down to the OC to try to reason with the other team, and he got served up somethin' fierce."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,Oh Lord...
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"[his voice raspy] His dancing was so fast I... couldn't do anything. His moves were... so original, so inventive. [winces] Ungh! Grrgh."
You Got F'd in the A,Nurse,"[soothing him] Shh. Relax, Mr. Marsh. [Dr. Doctor walks off]"
You Got F'd in the A,Dr. Doctor,We just got the X-rays back. [walks to a backlit board and points out the injuries] He mostly got served here [a rib] and here [forearm]. But the worst serving was here in the pelvis region. The road to recovery will be a long one.
You Got F'd in the A,Jimbo,"Boy. You must really wanna take to to those Orange County kids now, huh, Stan?"
You Got F'd in the A,Skeeter,"Are you kiddin'? Stan is probably ready to pounce on them after what they did to his father! [looks over at his dad, then at the other men]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"I, I don't know. He seems all right."
You Got F'd in the A,Mr. Garrison,"I could only imagine the rage building inside you, Stan. I bet you can't wait to out-dance those OC bastards!"
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,Stan? Stan?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[walks to Randy's bedside] Yeah, I'm- I'm right here, Dad."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"Stan, listen to me. I don't want you feeling like you have to do that competition now to avenge me."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Okay, good."
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"[emphatic] But I know I can't stop you from doing it. So all I can say is... give 'em hell, son. Give 'em hell. [passes out. The ""8 Mile"" theme begins to play and the camera closes in on Stan]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,[thinks and then walks off miffed] God dammit!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Loading dock at South Park Elementary, day. Stan walks over and finds the Goths there, as usual. Henrietta reads a book."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Hey guys. Uh- You guys know how to dance, right?"
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,[with cigarette] Of course we know how to dance.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Cool, because, there's this competition on Saturday, and I have to find the very best dancers in South Park to be on my crew. My friends can't do it because they suck ass, so, will you be in my dance troupe?"
You Got F'd in the A,Pete,Dance troupe? Please. [leans to one side and whips his hair back into place] We don't dance like those Britney and Justin wannabes at school. [whips his hair back into place] Goth kids dance to express pain and suffering.
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,Yeah. [stands up] The only cool way to dance is to keep your hands at your sides and your eyes looking at the ground. Then every three seconds you take a drag from your cigarette.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Michael leans his head to the right for two beats, leans it to the left for two beats, leans it to the right for two beats while taking a drag, leans it to the left for two beats, repeats. The red Goth follows suit, then all four Goths dance the same way."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Okay, that'll work fine. Listen, there's a dance competition this Saturday and I need good dancers so I don't get served."
You Got F'd in the A,Pete,[flips his hair back] No way. Dancing is something you do alone in your room at three in the morning.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[walks up to the red Goth] Please, you guys, our whole town's reputation is at stake! Will any of you do it?"
You Got F'd in the A,Pete,I'm not doin' it. Being in a dance group is totally conformist.
You Got F'd in the A,Henrietta,Yeah. I'm not conforming to some dance-off regulations.
You Got F'd in the A,Firkle,I'm not doin' it either. I'm the biggest nonconformist of all.
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,"I'm such a nonconformist that I'm not going to conform with the rest of you. Okay, I'll do it. [rises and walks over to Stan]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Great! [they leave together]
You Got F'd in the A,Henrietta,Whoa. I think we just got put in our place.
You Got F'd in the A,Pete,Yeah. We just got Goth-served.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The neighborhood. Stan and Michael walk down the street.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"All right, we gotta find three other kids that can dance."
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,We should go to the arcade. [takes a drag from his cigarette]
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,The arcade?
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,Yeah. There's this Asian kid name Yao. He's an expert at that Dance Dance Revolution game. [takes a drag from his cigarette]
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The Sinistarcade. A Dancin' Dancin' Dancin' Machine game is prominently shown, and an Asian boy dances furiously on the foot pad on the right. The arrows indicate which foot buttons the boy should be stepping on. He's hit every one, so his score is perfect. Stan and Michael look on."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Dude, he's incredible."
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,"He should be. He's here playing that game every single day after school. I think he's spent about six thousand dollars on it so far. [the game gets faster and faster and the kid keeps up. Eventually the game ends, the boy picks up his soda cup and walks away.]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[catches up to Yao at the change machine] Hey kid, you're pretty good. How would you like to join our dance troupe?"
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,"You mean, dancing without a machine telling you what to do?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Yeah.
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,That's stupid. [waves him off and walks away]
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[catches up] Dude, we need you."
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,I can't dance without the machine.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,It's all right. My friend Chef is gonna coach us.
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,Okay. I'll give it a shot.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"All right, that's three!"
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,"Dude, we need a girl."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Huh?
You Got F'd in the A,Michael,We can't be a dance troupe with just guys. People will think we're fags.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Oh yeah. [thinks a bit with finger to chin] Wait a minute. I know just where to go!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Raisins. Happy Hour all day!!! Inside the little waitresses go about their work. Two of them dance, shaking their asses in rhythmic unison. Mercedes dances for a boy, who looks on in bliss."
You Got F'd in the A,Porsche,"Hi guys, welcome to Raisins. Three of you?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Ah actually we were just hoping we could talk to you guys real quick.
You Got F'd in the A,Maury,"You have to buy wings if you wanna talk to the Raisins girls. [Stan look at his crew. Moments later they are seated at the bar, with Mercedes]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,And so we're putting all the best dancers in South Park together to beat Orange County.
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,"[twirling her hair] Wow, that sounds great. I always wanted to try my dancing somewhere else."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,So you'll do it?
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,Why not?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"All right, we just need one more person!"
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,"Hey, we should get that kid that was state champion in tap dancing."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,What? The state tap champion is from here? Who?
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,I think his name was... [closes her eyes] Leopold... Stotch or something?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Leopold Stotch...? Wait a minute. You mean...
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. He's at the kitchen assembling a toy car."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Loo loo loo, I've got some apples. Loo loo loo, you've got some too. Loo loo loo, I've-"
You Got F'd in the A,Linda,"[enters] Butters, you have some visitors. [Stan, Michael, Mercedes, and Yao appear]"
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"[turns around] Oh well, hi there everybody. [his mom leaves]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Butters, listen. There's gonna be a competition this Saturday, and we want you to join our troupe."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Wow, neat-o, a competition? Why, I'd love to. What kind of competition is it?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"It's a dance-off. We heard you were tap dancing state champion two years ago. [his smile vanishes as he begins to think back, then a small grimace appears.]"
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,...No.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"But, you were, weren't you? Y-you went to the nationals in Nebraska."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"No. [hops off the chair and runs away] No no no no no no, no! [runs into the living room and up the stairs] No! No no no no!"
You Got F'd in the A,Linda,Butters? [rises and looks up the stairs] Butters?! [Stan and the other kids enter]
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,We just asked him to join our dance troupe. We heard he was state tap champion.
You Got F'd in the A,Linda,"Oh. Oh dear. I'm sorry kids, it's just that... Butters hasn't danced since the tragedy."
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,A tragedy?
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,[from his room] Waaaaah!
You Got F'd in the A,Linda,"I'm sorry, kids, you'll have to go."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Outside. The kids leave Butters' house and make their way to the sidewalk.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Dammit, where are we gonna get our fifth member?"
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,Hey I heard about this guy in Como who has a duck that can dance.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"A duck? Dude, don't be stupid! Those OC kids are professional dancers! Now come on, there's gotta be one other talented person in South Park."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Butters' house, Butters' bedroom closer door slides open and he looks in. On the floor, covered in cobwebs and underneath some clothes is an orange shoe box with red lid. Butters slides the door open more and reaches in. He pulls out the box and sets it on his bed. He sits down next to it, nervously. Butters opens the box and pulls out news clippings: ""Local Boy Taps His Way to the Finals"" ""Best in State Arrive in Lincoln"" ""Eight Dead as Finalist Loses Step"" ""Biggest Tap Tragedy since 1954"". He then removes some tissue from the tap shoes, then removes a shoe. He inspects it until he sees the blood on the side of the shoe."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Aaaaah! [quickly throws the shoes and clippings away, then goes to cry into his pillow] Aaaaah!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,A ranch. Stan and his troupe arrive.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"All right, so you're sure he can dance?"
You Got F'd in the A,Rancher,Oh yeah. There he is. That's Jeffy.
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,That don't look like a dancing duck to me.
You Got F'd in the A,Rancher,"Well, that's 'cause it needs music. Here y-here ya go, Jeffy."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The rancher brings out a violin and begins playing.
You Got F'd in the A,Rancher,"You'll do a line and I'll do a line, honeeey. You'll do a line and I'll do a line, babe."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The duck rises and begins to dance.
You Got F'd in the A,Rancher,"You'll do a line and I'll do a line, we'll fight an' screw 'til the mornin' time. Honey, babe, be mine. You'll do a line and I'll do a line, honey-"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Hey, he- Is that the only song he'll dance to?"
You Got F'd in the A,Rancher,"No no, he'll dance to anything. See? You'll snort K and I'll snort K, honeeey. You'll snort K and I'll snort K, babe. You'll snort K and I'll snort K, we'll fight an' screw all night and day. Honey, babe, be mine."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"My friends, I think we have ourselves a dance troupe."
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Linda walks up the stairs to Butters' room and knocks on the door."
You Got F'd in the A,Linda,"Butters? Butters? Come on, sweetie, it's gonna be okay. [a shot of Butters under the covers, with bug eyes] Come on, Butters. You went through a lot of therapy for this. That was almost two years ago, sweetie."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,Two years ago. Two years ago!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The camera goes into Butters' eye and a memory of the finals two years prior comes up. A girl dances, finishes, and takes several curtsies."
You Got F'd in the A,Announcer,"That was Beverly Long from Indianapolis, folks. Let her hear it! [she waves to the audience and walks off] All right, and now, dancing to the song ""I've Got Something In My Front Pocket For You,"" here is Colorado state champion, Leopold ""Butters"" Stotch! [the audience applauds. The Stotches are present and clapping with the audience. The song begins to play, Butters begins to dance]"
You Got F'd in the A,Singer,"I've got something in my front pocket for you Why don't you reach down in my pocket and see what it is Then grab onto it, it's just for you Give a little squeeze and say, ""How do you do?"" There's something in my front pocket, There's something in my front pocket, There's something in my front pocket-"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"As the song reaches its climax, he dances faster and faster, until his right shoe flies off his foot."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,Whoops.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Butters' shoe strikes a floodlight in the rafters and knocks it down. The light lands on a man, instantly killing him. Blood splatters onto the surrounding audience members, who get up and scatter. The rafters begin to break apart. A pole comes down and impales a fleeing woman. Her flying blood reaches Butters. More lights fall down and a cable is torn from its anchor, leaving a hole in the wall. The cable swings down and slices a couple in two along the abdomen. The upper halves of their bodies slide off and fall to the ground."
You Got F'd in the A,Woman,Paul. Paul!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The woman grabs onto the stage light and is electrocuted. Another man, who was sliced in two by the cable, attempts to gather his insides back into himself. The rafters come down and kill another man, and Paul's widow finally blows up. More blood lands on Butters, and the crowd begins to panic."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,Wuuuhaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaah! [a man is trampled to death underfoot. Butters watches the auditorium empty out] No! Nooo! Noooooooooooooooo!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"South Park, day. Chef approaches Lamont's Dance Studio with his boombox and duffle bag."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"All right, children, let's get to rehearsin'! [sets his stuff onto a table next to the door] We don't have much time, and you've got to become the dance group you can be. [moves further into the studio] I think we should- [stops] Whoa. [a shot of the five dancers, including Jeffy, who quacks] This... is the dance troupe?"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Yeah, dude, the best dancers South Park has to offer."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Oh boy. [returns to his boombox] All right, well, why don't you show me what you got? I wanna see what you kids can do!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Chef starts the CD player. The troupe members display their moves: Stan with the Achy Breaky Dance, Michael with the hanging head, Yao with his DDDM moves, Mercedes with her rump shaker, Jeffy with his duck strut."
You Got F'd in the A,Boombox,"You can't step to my roots, so don't try it. You can’t burn with my group so don’t light it. I'm on the East-side crew and I'm better than you. You like to suck my balls, don't deny it. You can't bop her like me so don't go there. You never find a bigger bitch player nowhere. I put my jimmy in a ho, put off soul. I'm a good listener and that's rare."
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Oh Lord have mercy. [turns off the boombox] Children, children! No no, you've got it all wrong. Don't you see, children? You have the heart, but you don't have the soul. No no, wait. You have the soul, but you don't have the heart. [scratches his head] No no, scratch that. You have the heart and the soul, but you don't have the talent."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"We're gonna get served on Saturday, aren't we?"
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,What? I don't wanna get served.
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,"Yeah, you didn't tell us that we might get served."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Well that was the whole point of the whole thing was that the guys came back and they said we were gonna get served and we were like- [the others also speak, the others continue to argue, talking over one another.]"
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"All right all right, quiet, children! Now, nobody's getting served if I can help it. We just gotta buckle down, dig deep, and pray that maybe the other team comes down with cancer. [Stan droops his head.]"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"Butters' room. He's working on a Lego building, which might be a model of South Park. Stan enters and walks up to him. Butters glances back and then looks at his work again."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,What do you want?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"I came to ask you one more time to join the crew. Everyone is practicing really hard, but... I don't think we have any kind of shot without you."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Sorry, Stan, I'm not a dancer anymore. [leaves his chair and walks up to his Lego box] I gave that up."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Your mom says you were one of the best dancers in the country.
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,[rummaging for Lego blocks to take back to his desk] Did she also tell you my dancing got eight people killed?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Yeah. She said your shoe came off. It wasn't your fault.
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Yeah well, you tell that to their families. [returns to his desk with a new batch of blocks]"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Look, Butters, accidents happen. We all have to live with that."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"[whirls around] I let those people down! Don't you get it, man?! Eight people died!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Well, it was nine, actually. One of the women was pregnant."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,What?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,And eleven if you count the two family members that killed themselves afterward.
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,[cups his hear so he hears no more] Aaaah!
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"But that isn't the point, Butters! [Butters resumes building his tiny town] The point is that this is now! It's on! And there are people who need you to step up! Look, nobody likes having to rise to a challenge. But competing against other people and getting in their faces saying ""Haha! I'm better than you!"" is part of life. And if you can't face that, then you might as well sit here and play Legos until you're an old man."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Get out of my room, Stan."
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"[Firmly] Fine. [walks to the door and opens it] But someday you're gonna have to stop running from what happened and start dealing with it. Otherwise, you might as well move to France with all the other pussies. [leaves and closes the door. Butters, angered, tosses some blocks into his town, then wipes the town off the desk.]"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC Convention Center. ""It's ON!!!! NOW!!!!""."
You Got F'd in the A,MC,"Yeah, make some noise!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The audience cheers. The OC side is shown, then the SP side. The Blacks, Jimbo, Ned, Skeeter, and Mr. Garrison are in that audience. The South Park crew is then shown with Chef"
You Got F'd in the A,MC,"Ladies and Gentlemen,"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The Marshes are shown, Randy with his portable oxygen tank and wheelchair."
You Got F'd in the A,MC,"man, you are all in for a treat! Whichever crew wins tonight, you wanna remember their faces, 'cause the next time you see them... will be in Lil Kim's next video! Give it up for Lil Kim!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,A tiny Lil Kim is shown seated on a table. Her lips and breasts are waaaay too big for her infant-sized body.
You Got F'd in the A,Lil Kim,"[high squeaky voice] What's up, n***az?! [waves to the audience]"
You Got F'd in the A,MC,"This is gonna be a rough battle, y'all. So let's give it up for the OC Crew! [the crew is shown, then their parents in the audience are shown] And the challengers, the South Park Diggitys!"
You Got F'd in the A,Jimbo,"Man, it is about to get crazy up in here."
You Got F'd in the A,Mr. Garrison,"Aww, yeah."
You Got F'd in the A,MC,A'ight y'all. It's showtime!
You Got F'd in the A,Announcer,Dancers to the floor! [the OC Crew steps forth]
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,"[runs up to Stan] Stan. Stan, we have a big problem!"
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,What?
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,It's Jeffy. He sprained his ankle.
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Jeffy the duck has an ice pack on his ankle. The rest of the crew approaches.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,What happened??
You Got F'd in the A,Mercedes,He was practicing the six-eight count and slipped on the floor.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,"Come on, fools! You dancin' or what?!"
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,Can he move it?
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Yao touches the ice pack and Jeffy protests vociferously. Yao removes his hand.
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,"Aw, what do we do, Chef?!"
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,"Rules are you have to have five dancers. We have no choice, children. We have to forfeit."
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,Looks like they ain't even gonna dance.
You Got F'd in the A,OC Leader,They're too scared! Looks like they already got served!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The doors at the back of the OCCC open up and Butters appears. Some spectators turn to see who it is, but have a hard time because of the glare behind Butters. The doors close behind him and he walks down the hall towards the dance-off."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,Hey! Can I still dance with you guys?
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,Butters! [the SP crew moves towards him]
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,All right!
You Got F'd in the A,MC,"All right come on, let's do this! DJ! Give us a hot track!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,The DJ starts up a CD. The OC Crew dances first.
You Got F'd in the A,CD,"Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The OC leader comes up to Butters and serves him with a balance act on the right hand twice and a back flip, then returns to the crew, spins on his head a few times, then ends on his side, resting his head on his right hand."
You Got F'd in the A,CD,"Let's see you...! Let's see you...! Daaance, sucka!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The music begins a brief instrumental. The Diggitys answer the serve with a sequence that has the members twirling and handing off to the next one until all point to Butters. He then steps forth tap-dancing. He dances well, but his dancing gets intense quickly."
You Got F'd in the A,CD,"Let's see you daaance, sucka! You've got nothin' on me! Let's see you dance sucka!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,Butters' intensity is so great that his left shoe flies off his foot and sails into the rafters.
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,"Waaah! [the spectators follow the shoe's arc. The shoe hits a stage light, which comes down and kills the OC leader. The OC coach comes forward] No! Jesus, not again!"
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 1,Aaaah!
You Got F'd in the A,OC Member 3,Get out of here!
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The rafters come down on the rest of the crew, including the coach, killing them instantly. Butters and the spectators are mortified at these developments."
You Got F'd in the A,MC,"[walks up, sadly] Folks, it looks like the OC crew is dead. [excitedly] That means the winner is the South Park Diggitys!"
You Got F'd in the A,Skeeter,Woo!
You Got F'd in the A,Mr. Garrison,Yeah!
You Got F'd in the A,Jimbo,All right!
You Got F'd in the A,Chef,All right! We did it! [he and the Diggitys approach Butters]
You Got F'd in the A,Stan,All right Butters!
You Got F'd in the A,Yao,You did it!
You Got F'd in the A,Randy,"You did it, son! You did it!"
You Got F'd in the A,Cartman,"All right, Butters!"
You Got F'd in the A,Scene Description,"The people who arrive to congratulate Butters: Cartman, Kenny, Kyle, Mr. Garrison, Jimbo, Liane, Token and his parents, Ned, Principal Victoria, Mr. Mackey, Mayor McDaniels. Stan and Cartman hoist Butters up between them and walk towards the camera. The others follow. Butters' mouth fills the screen."
You Got F'd in the A,Butters,No! No! Noooooo!
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Butters' house, day. Butters is in the living room eating some soup. The doorbell rings. Butters stops and looks at the door. He rises and opens it, and sees a large wooden crate waiting on the porch."
AWESOM-O,Butters,What the heck?
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,Butters steps outside to look for the address label.
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Whoa! What a huge package! [finds it, the shipping label reads]"
AWESOM-O,Butters,To Butters Stotch. Oh boy! It's for me! It's for me! [returns to the crate's label]
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Who is it from? ""Sent from: Japan. Konichi-wa."" [skips around] Wow! A package for me from Japan!!+"
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,Butters pushes the crate into the house.
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Wow, what can it be? My birthday isn't until September 11."
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,Butters skips around and runs into the house. He returns with a small crowbar.
AWESOM-O,Butters,Oh boy! I've never gotten a package this big! I've always wanted to have a huge package.
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Butters tugs at the panel he loosened. The panel swings down and Butters flies off. He lays on his back and looks up. A large A.W.E.S.O.M.- O., wide enough to resemble Cartman, walks out of the crate."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,[monotone] Greetings. I am the AWESOM-O 4000.
AWESOM-O,Butters,[dazzled] Whoa...
AWESOM-O,Cartman,I have been sent from Japan to serve as your personal robot.
AWESOM-O,Butters,[approaches AWESOM-O] You... you're my robot?
AWESOM-O,Cartman,Yes. I will be your new best friend.
AWESOM-O,Butters,Oh wow!
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Moments later, Butters has Cartman sitting on his bed. Butters goes to his desk and makes a few calls."
AWESOM-O,Butters,Yep. That's right. He's a real live robot. He can walk and talk and everything. You're like the fourth kid I told already.
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,Cartman snickers to himself
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Well I gotta go, Dougie. My robot and I have stuff to do."
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Butters hangs up, takes the phone back to his bedside table and sets the phone down."
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Heheh, they're all so jealous! [He hops onto the bed next to Cartman.] I'm so glad you came into my life, AWESOM-O. You're the best friend a guy could have."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"Yes. You can trust AWESOM-O. In fact, you should tell AWESOM-O all your most personal secrets. AWESOM-O will not make fun of you or tell your secrets to other people and stuff."
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Hey yeah! Well, I can tell you anything, huh? [strokes his chin] Well lessee... Well, for one, I have what's called a hesitated colon, which means I sometimes can't control my sphincter."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,[snickers] Really?
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Well, nobody knows it, but sometimes I poop my pants, so I have to wear a diaper to school. [Cartman begins to chuckle] You okay, AWESOM-O?"
AWESOM-O,Cartman,Yes. AWESOM-O is fine. Please go on.
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Well, I have to take medicine for it every day. It's a little suppository I have to... put up my rectum."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"[laughs] That, that's very interesting. Tell AWESOM-O more secrets."
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Hm, okay. Let's see [strokes his chin] Oh, my parents don't know, but sometimes I get picked on by this one kid at school; his name is Eric Cartman, and he always tries to play jokes on me and stuff."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"Oh, really?"
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Yeah. One time he made me think a meteor had hit the earth, and convinced me to stay down in a bomb shelter for three days."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"Heh. Wow, that sucks."
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Yeah. And then this other time, he pretended to be me on the phone to my dad and called him a pussy, so my dad came home and beat me."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,Wow. Sounds like this Cartman kid is pretty smart.
AWESOM-O,Butters,"No, he's not smart! He's just an asshole. And he's never gonna play a trick on me ever again! [hops off and walks towards his desk.]"
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"Really? You think so? Well, guess what, Butters. I have a surprise for you."
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Yeah, and he's never gonna get me again! 'Cause what Cartman doesn't know is that I know one of his secrets!"
AWESOM-O,Cartman,What?
AWESOM-O,Butters,"When Cartman is playing all alone in his backyard, he likes to dress up like Britney Spears and pretend he's her! He sings and dances around with a life-sized cutout of Justin Timberlake."
AWESOM-O,Cartman,You saw that?
AWESOM-O,Butters,Yeah! And I videotaped him doing it!
AWESOM-O,Cartman,Nuh uh.
AWESOM-O,Butters,I've got the whole thing on tape! Even him making out with the Justin Timberlake cutout!
AWESOM-O,Cartman,No way.
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Yeah! And if Cartman ever messes with me again, I'm gonna show that video to everybody! Then I'll have my revenge, boy howdy!"
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"[beat] ...Um, where is this videotape, Butters?"
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Huh? Oh, I dunno. It's around here somewhere. Hey! So what do you wanna do now, AWESOM-O?"
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"Uh, Butters, maybe you should give AWESOM-O the videotape?"
AWESOM-O,Butters,How come?
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"Well, because... AWESOM-O can, like, back it up for you, and make copies and stuff. I am AWESOM-O."
AWESOM-O,Butters,"Oh, that's all right, AWESOM-O. Come on! I have a lot of things to teach you. [leaves the room]"
AWESOM-O,Cartman,"[moments later, still on the bed] Oh, son of a bitch!"
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Montage. Butters tosses a basketball with Cartman on the front lawn. Cartman, as AWESOM-O, can't catch it."
AWESOM-O,Butters,Hey there have you heard about my robot friend?
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,They're walking along in a meadow. Butters is telling him a story.
AWESOM-O,Butters,"He's metal and small and doesn't judge me at all. He's a cyber, wired bundle of joy."
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,Butters has AWESOM-O take shots at a basketball hoop. The shot is good and Butters is pleased.
AWESOM-O,Butters,My robot friend.
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Stan, Kyle and Kenny observe nearby from behind a bush. They're dismayed at what they see. Stan pinches his nose and shuts his eyes in frustration, then walks off. Kyle and Kenny follow."
AWESOM-O,Butters,I like to dip and daddle with my robot friend.
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Butters jumps in a puddle, then has AWESOM-O do the same. Butters giggles."
AWESOM-O,Butters,He's smart as can be and emotion-free
AWESOM-O,Scene Description,"Butters washes dishes while AWESOM-O dries them, then they go see ""The Prince and Me."" They exit, with Butters skipping beside AWESOM-O."
AWESOM-O,Butters,And he's computed his way to my heart. My robot friend.
