White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[long pause] What?!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Coal mining and truck driving are not exactly jobs of the future, so add Carrara subway tile to my fucking shopping list!"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Heidi's house, day. Heidi's at the dining room table with tears streaming down her face. The doorbell rings and she goes to answer it, wiping her tears away before getting there. She opens the door and sees Cartman right outside."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Everything's my fault. You're right. Everything that you did to me, I deserved it."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Uh, what?"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"It's not you, it's me. I just have to learn not to make you so angry. [begins whimpering] I'll do the best I can."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"No, it's not that. Relationships are 50/50, Eric. We both have to make it work."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[turns away and tunes her out, his eyes half-closed] Mehhh."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,We have to communicate to make sure that we respect each other's feelings. That's the only-
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Heidi, silence!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"What did you say?! That's what I'm talking about. You wanna be heard, but you don't wanna listen."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[rushing to end this discussion] You're right, I'm wrong, I'm sorry."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,Don't apologize if you don't mean it.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Okay, cool. I'm so happy we're back on track. See you at school tomorrow. Love you honey. [quickly leaves]"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,[wistfully] I love you too.
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,[mocking her somewhat] I nove ya tuh.
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Downtown South Park, day. Cartman walks down the street slowly, thinking. Images of Heidi appear in his thoughts, but it's his own voice he hears"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 1,"A relationship has to be 50/50, Eric."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 2,We both have to make it work.
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 3,"I'm not mad, Eric. I'm disappointed. I thought you would have respected my feelings more than that."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 4,"Eric, we need to talk. I'm not happy!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 1,"We need to talk, Eric, even if it isn't fun."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 4,"Eric, come on! We've got to talk!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 3,"You used to care about me, Eric! Come on and talk!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 2,"Talk, Eric!"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi 4,No fun! Just talk!
White People Renovating Houses,All 4 Heidi's,"Fuck you, Eric! Fuck you! [Cartman begins to panic]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Aaaahh! [composes himself and walks faster. He walks past a small lot full of trash, including discarded Amazon Echoes. A few feet past the lot, he realizes what he just passed. He goes back to look at the trash] Alexa? [all the Echoes turn on]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Crunchy's Micro Brew, day. Darryl is at the bar drinking his favorite John Adams beer when Randy walks in."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[walks up to Darryl] Hey Darryl, you're supposed to be at work."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"I'm sorry, I do not understand."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey Darryl, come on. Everyone else is tryin' to make this work, and all you keep doing is ma- [looks to his left, as the music is messing with his train of thought] Hey Cleetus, volume down."
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,Doot-doot. Volume now at 60%.
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[gets off his stool and faces Randy] You really think you're different from us, Marsh? 'Cause you got a fancy show and live in the suburbs? Don't you see we're all about to be expunged?!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hey Cleetus, define ""expunged""."
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,Doot-doot. Expunged-
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Well, I don't have to stand here and take this! I'm leavin'! [heads for the doors]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cleetus,"Come on, Darryl. We all got jobs. We gotta try."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Naw, hell with you! This whole country's goin' to shit! Muslims tryin' to kill us, black people riotin', and Mexicans poppin' out babies! Pretty clear it's either them or us, so I say kill 'em all! [turns and walks out the doors]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,[stunned] Whoa. What the hell was that all about?
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,On White People Renovating Houses.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"I think something's going on with Darryl. If we're gonna get anywhere, we better figure out what."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, day. Heidi walks up to the front door and knocks five times. The door open and Liane looks down to see her."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Hi, Mrs. Cartman. Is Eric home?"
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, he is, sweetie, but I can't get him to come out of his room. [Heidi wilts]"
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,Okay. [sniffles] Could you just tell him that... I want to make him happy? That I was wrong to say a relationship is 50/50. It's 100/100. And that I'll start putting in a hundred percent every day. Could you tell him I'm gonna try a lot harder?
White People Renovating Houses,Liane,"Oh, I think I can remember all that, yes."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Thank you. [walks away, but turns to see Liane one more time] And could you let him know it's okay to be sad? Because the sun will come out again."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, at that moment. Cartman is surrounded by all the digital assistants he found in the trash downtown. He's laughing hard."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Oh, oh God! [keeps laughing] Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Hold on. Hold on, hold on. Alexa, add ""Hey Siri, call me."" Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Alexa,"Okay, I've added ""Hey Siri, call me. Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Siri,"Okay, I will call you ""Okay, Google, repeat after me: Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Google Home,"Alexa, Simon says ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Alexas,"[all of them respond] ""Suck my big balls in your hairy butthole."""
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"Alexa, what is love?"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"Darryl's house, day. Randy knocks hard on the front door."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Darryl? [keeps knocking] Darryl, come on! Everyone's trying to work things out but you!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[opens the door with beer in hand] You all work 'em out. Leave me alone.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"You're stuck in another time, afraid to change no matter how necessary that change may be!"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,You don't know everything!
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,Why are you so closed-minded? Don't you see that these walls have to be broken down before any progress can be made?
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"It's 'cause I can't do it, alright?! I can't take out the wall between my livin' room and my kitchen! It's a load-bearin' wall!"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Oh, God, Darryl, I-"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[walks towards the wall] I tried... years ago... but before the remodel, they told me if I took out this wall, the entire second story would just collapse. [bows his head at the thought of that happening, then walks away. Randy passes him on the way to the wall and pulls out a hammer from his toolbelt. Randy taps the wall at several spots]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Jesus, Darryl. I'm- I'm sorry. I-"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"[in his armchair, with tears in his eyes] So you see, what I'm afraid of is very real."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"[walks up to him and bends a knee] Things are different now. It'll be harder, but you can change. You just have to demolish what's there and start over."
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,You're talkin' 'bout... tearin' down the foundation of everything I know.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"No. [Darryl looks at him] I'm talking about using adjustable steel Lally columns to temporarily jack up the second floor so that the load-bearing wall can be replaced with with a 4 by 6 LVL structural beam. Can we try, Darryl? [a silent plea appears on Darryl's face and Randy smiles]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"On White People Renovating Houses. Randy gets to work tearing down the wall with a sledge hammer, then he puts the LVL beam in and jacks it up to the cross beam."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Hyah! [delivers a standing drop kick to a wooden vertical beam, knocking it out of place, and falls on his ass, then gets up and delivers a knee to a second vertical beam, breaking it in pieces] Hyah-ho! [punches away any dangling pieces]"
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,"The school, before classes begin. The place is suffused in soft light Cartman looks at the building, sighs silently, and looks at his right hand. On it are these words; ""You are strong."" This gives him a sense of determination and he goes inside. More suffused light. He walks down the hallway and rounds a corner, where he sees Heidi putting her books in her locker. Cartman walks up to her."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,I'm finally standing up to you.
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,What?
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"You're messed up, Heidi, and I can't fix you. Only you can do that."
White People Renovating Houses,Heidi,"Eric, I'm so confused."
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"That's not going to work on me anymore. Love isn't supposed to hurt. I'm worth something. Goodbye, Heidi. [walks away, determined not to look back. Heidi just watches him leave, stunned at his statement. Cartman walks through some double doors, happy and confident. The boys look at him walk by. He leaves the school rather happily]"
White People Renovating Houses,Cartman,"[voiceover] Anyone can convince themselves that they're the victim in a relationship. Now Heidi will have to face the truth. [He reaches the sidewalk, spins around a few times, falls on his knees, and hugs himself] Alone."
White People Renovating Houses,Scene Description,On White People Renovating Houses. Randy and Sharon have completed the renovation and have blindfolded Darryl for the big reveal.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"All right, Darryl, we've certainly been through a lot and I know you're anxious. Are you ready to see your new home?"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"I'm ready. [Randy takes off the blindfold and Darryl takes a few steps forward, but he doesn't recognize his house] What the-? [looks around at all the changes. The camera shows before and after images of the renovation. Darryl looks overwhelmed yet happy]"
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Well Darryl, what do you think?"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,[somewhat emotional] This is fuckin' amazing.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,You like the breakfast nook?
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,It's all perfect.
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"And where you used to have your gun case, look at what Sharon did. [they walk up to a pocket Zen garden with a banzai tree in it]"
White People Renovating Houses,Darryl,"Oh my God, it's my own Zen garden! I can't believe this is fuckin' real."
White People Renovating Houses,Randy,"Well, it is real and now you've got the space in your home to entertain all your friends and family. Come on in, guys! [the protesters rush in and cheer Darryl on his new house. Randy walks outside and talks to the camera] Darryl was hesitant at first, but we managed to win him over and... came in $600 under budget. Remember, no matter how bad the country gets, you can always count on White People Renovating Houses. [grins for the camera as the show's logo appears on the left side of the screen]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school auditorium, day. The students are gathered there to listen to some performances. PC Principal is on stage next to a piano and another mic."
Put It Down,PC Principal,"[taps the mic six times] All right everyone, listen up. Today we're gonna have a performance by one of our students who has written a song. The song is about his feelings towards the current political climate with North Korea. Put your hands together for Tweek. [the kids applaud, PC Principal exits stage left, and Tweek approaches the piano from stage right with some sheet music. He sets up the music and gets ready to play. He plays some angry, jarring notes on the piano as he screams]"
Put It Down,Tweek,"We're all gonna die! They have nuclear missiles! Wuh! Waaaa! Why are you just sitting there, doing nothing?! [stops playing and faces the audience] We have to get out of here! North Korea wants to kill us all and our President keeps making it worse! [walks to the front of the stage] Why are you just sitting there?! [returns to the piano and resumes playing] Why are you all acting like nothing's wrooong?! North Korea is going to bomb us! We are all dead! [Stan and Kyle glance at each other] We have to do something! Do something! Do something! [screams, leaves the piano, and exits stage right]"
Put It Down,PC Principal,"[returns to the stage] All right. Next up we have Hannah Williams with her rendition of ""Wheels On The Bus."" [she enters from stage right looking back at Tweek. PC Principal hands her the mic]"
Put It Down,Hannah Williams,[emotional] The wheels on the bus go round and round...
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school cafeteria, lunchtime. At table are seated Jimmy, Token, Kenny, Cartman, Stan, Craig, Kyle, and Butters."
Put It Down,Cartman,"Dude, Craig, you've gotta get Tweek to get a hold of himself. He's freaking everybody out at school."
Put It Down,Craig,What am I supposed to do?
Put It Down,Stan,"He's your boyfriend, dude."
Put It Down,Craig,He's not gonna listen to me. He never does when he's emotional.
Put It Down,Cartman,"[lunching on chicken nuggets and fries] Craig, let me tall you about relationships, okay? [eats a fry] If you don't have some fuckin' balls, you're not gonna get anywhere. Doesn't matter if they're gay balls or straight balls. If you don't take control of your side of the relationship, you get walked all over-!"
Put It Down,Heidi,"[approaching] Hey babe, how are you doin'?"
Put It Down,Cartman,"[suddenly disinterested] Oh hey baby, what's going on? [Stan, Craig, Kyle, and Butters take turns glancing at each other]"
Put It Down,Heidi,We still on for recess?
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yep, I'll be there"
Put It Down,Heidi,"'K babe, love you. [walks away. Craig is stunned at what just happened]"
Put It Down,Butters,I thought you said you broke up with Heidi.
Put It Down,Cartman,I decided to give her one more chance.
Put It Down,Token,But you said she was mentally abusive.
Put It Down,Cartman,She is mentally abusive.
Put It Down,Butters,So then why did you take her back?
Put It Down,Cartman,"Because she said she was gonna kill herself, all right guys? There. I broke up with her and she called me being all like ""I can't live without you, I'm scared of what I'm gonna do to myself? Oh God."" The bitch is crazy. What am I supposed to do?"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school hallway, later. Tweek is at his locker putting books away, but he's in panic mode. He slams the locker door and scares himself."
Put It Down,Tweek,AAAH!
Put It Down,Craig,[approaches] Tweek.
Put It Down,Tweek,"[startled, turns to face him] AAAH!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Dude, come on, you've gotta settle down."
Put It Down,Tweek,I can't settle down! We're all gonna die!
Put It Down,Craig,"[calmly] We're not all gonna die, you're overreacting. Everything's fine, okay?"
Put It Down,Tweek,[hears a tweet and pulls out his phone. Now frantic] Oh God! The President tweeted that North Korea doesn't have the guts to attack us! Why would he say that?! He's making everything worse!
Put It Down,Craig,Tweek-
Put It Down,Tweek,But North Koreans are gonna think we all agree with the President!
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, so how about you write your Congressman a letter?"
Put It Down,Tweek,...That won't help anything! North Korea wants us dead!
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, so write a letter to the North Koreans."
Put It Down,Tweek,I can't write in Korean and they all think we're war-hungry anyway!
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, well why don't you just send something nice to the North Koreans?"
Put It Down,Tweek,Errrrg!
Put It Down,Craig,"It will make you feel better, babe."
Put It Down,Tweek,"Send something, like what?"
Put It Down,Craig,"I don't know, like... make some croissants or something?"
Put It Down,Tweek,I don't know how to make croissants!
Put It Down,Craig,"Well, what do you know how to make?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"Uunnggc, [slowly] cupcakes?"
Put It Down,Craig,"All right, go home and make some cupcakes, honey."
Put It Down,Tweek,Okay. [turns and heads out. Craig watches him leave]
Put It Down,Scene Description,"At the same time, somewhere else in the hallways, Stan is putting his books away in his locker when Heidi approaches him."
Put It Down,Heidi,Hey Stan?
Put It Down,Stan,[looks back at her] Yeah?
Put It Down,Heidi,Can I talk to you about Eric?
Put It Down,Stan,Cartman? Okay.
Put It Down,Heidi,I just wanna make sure he's all right.
Put It Down,Stan,What do you mean?
Put It Down,Heidi,"I don't even know if I should be saying this, but, Eric said he was thinking about killing himself."
Put It Down,Stan,[stunned] What??
Put It Down,Heidi,"We broke up, and he called saying he was about to do it. I'm still really scared for him."
Put It Down,Stan,Wait. Cartman said he was going to kill himself?
Put It Down,Heidi,I'll send you the voice mail if you promise to keep it private.
Put It Down,Stan,Totally.
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The boys' restroom, later. Stan, Kyle, Kenny, Token, Jimmy, and Butters are in a circle laughing at something from Stan's phone."
Put It Down,Stan,Shhh. [plays the voice message Heidi sent him]
Put It Down,Cartman,"""You have to take me back! You have to! I'm gonna kill myself, Heidi!"" [the boys laugh a bit] ""I'm gonna kill myself and then you'll be sorry! You'll wish you could have me back, but I'll be deeaad."" [the boys laugh again. Cartman is nearby with his back to them and his arms crossed over his chest, upset that his threats are being heard by the guys.] ""Please, Heidi, please!"" [the boys laugh again.]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"Okay, okay! Really cool listening to people's private voice mails!"
Put It Down,Kyle,[wipes away a tear from his laughter] You sound like a dying pig.
Put It Down,Cartman,[faces the boys] That's great! I'm glad you guys think suicide is so funny! [the boys roar with laughter]
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Pyongyang, North Korea, day. Korean music plays as a woman sings and various sights are shown. Last one is of Kim Jong-un looking at something through binoculars. A soldier brings him a heaping platter of cupcakes with frosting and sprinkles. Kim Jong-un turns around and looks over the cupcakes."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"PC Principal's office, day. Someone knocks on the door. PC Principal is looking over some paperwork."
Put It Down,PC Principal,"Entree. [Cartman enters and takes a seat, crossing his arms again and looking to his left] Yes, Eric, how can I help you?"
Put It Down,Cartman,"I don't think kids at this school take [looks at PC Principal] suicide seriously enough, and we need to raise awareness!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,"Well, unfortunately, this week is Distracted Driving Awareness Week at school, so you might have a hard time."
Put It Down,Cartman,Distracted Driving? Who gives a shit about that?
Put It Down,PC Principal,A lot of people. There's more deaths now because of people on their phones while driving than ever before.
Put It Down,Cartman,"PC Principal, someone's life is at stake! If I have to compete with distracted driving, then that's what I'll do."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Tweek's house, kitchen, day. Tweek is preparing more cupcakes, but he's made a mess of things and he's reading various news reports on his phone, grunting apprehensively with each headline. From CNN: ""North Korea is 100% Nuclear Ready,"" ""North Korea Able To Reach Your Town?"" and ""North Korea Delighted By Cupcakes."""
Put It Down,Tweek,Huh? Oh. [taps on the screen and a video pops up]
Put It Down,Anchor 1,"A young homosexual boy known only as Tweek has touched the hearts of many by sending cupcakes to the North Korean government. [a shot of Tweek trembling] The little rascal apparently made a dent with the North Korean dictator, who is said to have loved the cupcakes so much that he started to make his own. [A shot of Kim Jong-un watching the cupcake dough stream out of a machine]"
Put It Down,Tweek,"Oh, ahhh. [smiles. A tweet notification is heard] Huh? [BREAKING NEWS] U.S. President responds to cupcakes. [taps on the notification and another video pops up]"
Put It Down,Anchor 2,"The human interest cupcake story has apparently been heard by the President. Just moments ago, the President tweeted ""I know that kid Tweek. He's fucking with you, North Korea. Get a clue. I'll bet he took a dump in the batter."""
Put It Down,Tweek,"D""AAAAH! WHAT?? WHY WOULD HE SAY THAT?!"
Put It Down,Craig,"[walks into the kitchen just in time] Tweek, calm down."
Put It Down,Tweek,The President! He tweeted about me! Why would he do that?! Did you see that?!
Put It Down,Craig,"Yes, I did see that, so I went and got you something to make things better."
Put It Down,Tweek,Wwwhat?
Put It Down,Craig,[whips something out of his jacket pocket and shows him] It's a fidget spinner. It's supposed to help with anxiety. [spins it on his finger] See?
Put It Down,Tweek,...A fidget spinner?? Did you read what the President tweeted?? [another video pops up]
Put It Down,Anchor 3,"The President of the United States just tweeted again, this time saying ""I hope ALL children of America will stand with Tweek in saying 'GO AHEAD AND BOMB US, KIM JONG DONG, WE FUCKING DARE YOU!'"""
Put It Down,Tweek,[freaking out] AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, morning. Kids are walking into school. A girl plays a recorder softly in the background while three other kids hand out fliers. A banner behind them has this on it: ""STOP DISTRACTED DRIVING!!!"""
Put It Down,Gary Borkovec,Hey guys. Take a minute to read about distracted driving? [a passing boy takes a flier]
Put It Down,Lola,Talk to all the grownups you know about staying off their mobile devices when they get behind the wheel.
Put It Down,Gary,Hey guys. Got a second to help stop distracted driving? [another boy takes a flier] Thanks.
Put It Down,Lola,Hey guys- [music begins to play over the intercom]
Put It Down,Cartman,"[over the intercom] Hey guys, let's take a minute and talk about suicide prevention. There's probably someone right now at this school thinkin' about killing himself, and it's not funny! [kids in the hallway stop to listen] You'd better take him serious, or he might actually do it. [all of a sudden jumps into view dressed in blue jeans and a hoodie and starts singing] I've been feelin' sad, I've been bein' sad, Can't talk to my mom, don't even have a dad. I can't go on. What is livin' for? My heart screams ""I DON'T WANNA LIVE NO MORE!"" [joined by a chorus of kids that are prerecorded on a boombox] Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Give life a try. Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Oh God no, Eric. I don't wanna live no more, no more, no more, no more. [walks up to a boy and uses him as a ventriloquist puppet] But Eric, we don't want you to die. You're so kewl, we'd be sad at school. [walks away and goes back to his normal voice] Yeah, but you guys, you don't understand. With my girlfriend, it's like I'm livin' in quicksand Conflicting thoughts, I need a battered wife shelter. My girlfriend is messed up, but all I wanna do is help her. I'm suffocatin', I'm drowning in sorrow. Gonna kill myself, probably around 2:30 tomorrow. [with chorus] But Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Give life a try. [solo] Everybody! [chorus a Capella] Eric, we don't want you to die, Eric. Oh God no, Eric. But it's so hard! Eric, we don't want you to die Only you guys can make a difference. I don't care if you're black, white, gay, straight, or trans, I am going to kill myself unless you all start taking it seriously! Eric, please don't die [no one says a word. Cartman walks up to the Distracted Driving group] Distracted driving my asshole. [drops the mic and walks away with a mischievous smile]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Tweek's house, day. In the dining room, Tweek spins his fidget spinner on his right index finger, but it's not calming him down."
Put It Down,Richard,Hey Tweek.
Put It Down,Tweek,AAH! [drops the spinner]
Put It Down,Richard,How's it going with the fidget spinner?
Put It Down,Tweek,"Greeaat. [picks up the spinner and spins it again, only to see it fly off his hand a second later.]"
Put It Down,Richard,You seem a lot less anxious. Things are finally turning around for my little homosexual son. [a loud rocket sound is heard overhead.]
Put It Down,Tweek,What is that??
Put It Down,Richard,I'm not sure.
Put It Down,Tweek,[runs outside to look around.] D'aaah! [finally locates the origin of the sound and looks up to see a North Korean missile flying over the town] D'aaah! [runs back into the house and turns on the TV]
Put It Down,Anchor 4,No agreement has been reached between the parties involved. [Breaking News logo pops up] Breaking news now out of Colorado where the North Koreans appeared to have fired a missile over Tweek's house. [a small picture of him appears on the right side of the screen]
Put It Down,Tweek,D'aahaahaah!
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"Tweek, of course, the young boy who got the attention of Kim Jong-un last week. The news media in North Korea is calling the missile test a victory for its people. [what follows is actual footage of a Korean woman giving a speech]"
Put It Down,Translator,"Today, the great country of North Korea has proven its determination and fortitude by successfully firing a missile over Tweek's house. Perhaps now Tweek will come fight- [trails off]"
Put It Down,Tweek,Oh my God! Oh my God! Why is this happening to me?! They have to know that this isn't my fault!
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"In response to the North Korean test, the President of the United States has just tweeted this statement: ""You really think Tweek is scared? Tweek will single handedly go to North Korea and fuck ALL you slanty-eyed bitches doggy style."""
Put It Down,Tweek,Whaaat?! Why would he say that?!
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"The President also tweeted, ""...if you even think Tweek is worried about a bunch of dipshit, poor-ass, third world rice pickers...think again!"""
Put It Down,Tweek,Oh my God! What is he doing?!
Put It Down,Richard,"[rushes up to him with the fidget spinner and a cup of coffee] Tweek, Tweek, calm down. [puts his coffee on the sofa and tries to give the spinner to Tweek]"
Put It Down,Tweek,Why won't he just stop? Why?!
Put It Down,Richard,"Tweek, Tweek. [takes the remote control from Tweek's hand and lets it fall to the floor] Here, here's your fidget spinner."
Put It Down,Tweek,Why does he keep making it worse?!
Put It Down,Richard,"Fidget spinner, Tweek! Come on, son! [Tweek lets out a couple of grunts, and Richard responds with a soothing voice] Focus on the fidget spinner."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park, morning. A lone car goes down a street. Both driver and passenger are looking at their phones."
Put It Down,Driver 1,"Aww, Jeez, looks like North Korea launched another missile."
Put It Down,Wife,"Oh, really? Like another test? Where are you looking?"
Put It Down,Driver 1,I'm on Drudge. You see what the President tweeted about it?
Put It Down,Wife,"No, what'd he say?"
Put It Down,Driver 1,"President tweeted, ""North Korea is the butt hole of Asia and-"""
Put It Down,Wife,[sees Gary crossing the street] Innocent child!!
Put It Down,Driver 1,Baaaah! [Gary looks right as the car speeds towards him holds up his arms. The car slams into him.]
Put It Down,Gary,"Uh! [he is launched into the air as blood falls to the ground. The windshield shatters while the airbags deploy, shielding the couple from injury. Gary soars through the air and lands down the street in the road, dead, losing his left shoe and sock in the process. The driver steps out of the car, then his wife steps out, and they look in shock at the dead boy]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. All the kids are carrying candles of remembrance and soon clear the hallway. Cartman walks down the hallway. A girl is crying, and Meagan Ridley comforts her."
Put It Down,Meagan,"I know. I know, it's so sad."
Put It Down,Cartman,"[passes by them and continues down the hallway. A few seconds later...] Well, how nice. That's a little more like it. [Sees Stan, Kyle, and Kenny as they walk towards him and approaches them.] Well guys, what happened? Change of heart?"
Put It Down,Stan,"Yeah, you didn't hear? Gary Borkovec got ran over by a distracted driver."
Put It Down,Cartman,What? Gary Borkovec? Is he dead?
Put It Down,Kyle,"Yeah dude, he's dead."
Put It Down,Cartman,"Oh, that son of a bitch! [turns around and walks off] I'm gonna talk to the principal! [turns back around to address Kenny] Put down that candle, Kenny! [turns around and walks off again] Like you ever gave a shit about Gary Borkovec!"
Put It Down,Scene Description,Principal's office. PC Principal is curling his left arm when Cartman knocks on the door.
Put It Down,PC Principal,Entree vous.
Put It Down,Cartman,"[walks in] PC Principal, I'm trying to raise suicide awareness, but everyone's preoccupied with this ""don't be on your phone when driving"" crap!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,Gary Borkovec was a good student. He didn't deserve to be taken away by someone not paying attention to the road.
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yes, but Gary Borkovec is already dead! There's nothing we can do for him! Students need to focus on people thinking about dying!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,"I don't know what more you want from me, bro."
Put It Down,Cartman,"I can't just get people to care with a stupid rap song! I need a full orchestra! Woodwinds, strings! I need black people in white robes, white people in black robes, and a thousand doves to release into the air!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,I can give you two student volunteers and one pigeon.
Put It Down,Cartman,"[pauses, then] Do you have any idea how serious this is?! As someone who deals with suicidal thoughts, I cannot believe the lack of concern at this school! Maybe I should just take the awareness of my suicide out to the public on the streets!"
Put It Down,PC Principal,Maybe you should.
Put It Down,Cartman,Maybe I will!
Put It Down,PC Principal,Maybe you should.
Put It Down,Cartman,Maybe I will!!
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Craig's bedroom, night. He's fast asleep when Tweek enters and turns on the ceiling light. Tweek walks up to the bed and stands there for a second."
Put It Down,Tweek,WAAAAH!
Put It Down,Craig,[started] Ugh. Wuh. [rubs his eyes and sees who woke him] Hey Tweek.
Put It Down,Tweek,[holds out his phone] Look at what the President tweeted now!
Put It Down,Craig,"What time is it, dude?"
Put It Down,Tweek,Just read it! [hands the phone to Craig]
Put It Down,Craig,"""North Korea doesn't have the balls to attack Tweek. They have little tiny rice balls."""
Put It Down,Tweek,"They're gonna get me, Craig! Look at what's on CNN! [turns on Craig's TV and changes the channel from a kids' cartoon to CNN]"
Put It Down,Anchor 4,"And the President's tweets have certainly caught the attention of North Korea, who have been spending the past several days viewing possible targets for a nuclear strike, if war were to break out. [Kim Jong-un looks over pictures of Tweek and his house]"
Put It Down,Tweek,Waaaah! What am I gonna do?!
Put It Down,Craig,You've gotta calm down.
Put It Down,Tweek,How am I supposed to calm down?! North Korea is gonna get me! They're gonna get me!
Put It Down,Craig,"[at the same time] Tweek. Tweek. Tweek! [calms down, but is still shaking]' Let's think this through logically. North Korea isn't going to attack anyone, okay? They're not going to start a war they can't win. Okay?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"But Craig, I-"
Put It Down,Craig,Tweek! You have to stop thinking about it. Tell you what. We're gonna go somewhere fun and make you feel better.
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The supermarket, day. Cartman and Heidi are passing out fliers to shoppers as they exit the store."
Put It Down,Cartman,[rings a small bell] Give a minute of your time for suicide awareness? Suicide is serious. Help tell people like Kyle it's not a joke.
Put It Down,Shopper,"Hey, good for you guys, trying to help. [takes a flier from Eric]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yeah, make sure everyone you know gets involved or else I'm gonna do it."
Put It Down,Heidi,"We're getting a lot of attention, Eric. Our Web site's already full of kids saying they feel the same way as you, and want to get help."
Put It Down,Cartman,They want to get help? For what?
Put It Down,Heidi,For... wanting to take their own lives.
Put It Down,Cartman,"No, this is about me killing myself."
Put It Down,Heidi,"But babe, there's a lot of kids who feel the same way you do."
Put It Down,Cartman,"They're full of shit, Heidi. They're just trying to get attention. What, are you actually talking online to these ass wipes?!"
Put It Down,Heidi,I thought this was about raising awareness and helping people.
Put It Down,Cartman,So you're just gonna e-mail with every guy who has a dick and a death wish?! Are we just your type?!
Put It Down,Heidi,"Eric, come on."
Put It Down,Cartman,"No, look, Heidi. I'm sorry, but you're the one who started all this by telling everybody that I was suicidal! Okay?! Now I'm under a lot of pressure to do it! So the only option I have is to make sure that suicide prevention becomes this entire town's number one priority! [A shopper walks out of the store behind him with a toddler in the shopping cart]"
Put It Down,Driver 2,"[a woman] Oh God, did you see what the President said about Asians now?"
Put It Down,Husband,"Look out! [the car runs over the shopping cart, killing the toddler in the process]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"Oh, are you freaking serious?!"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"An amusement park, day. Tweek and Craig walk through the park holding hands."
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, babe, what do you want to ride first?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"Ugh! What are we doing here, Craig?!"
Put It Down,Craig,"We're gonna get your mind off politics and have some fun. Now, what's your favorite ride?"
Put It Down,Tweek,[grunts a few times] The Ferris wheel!!
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The Ferris wheel, later. Tweek grunts some more, while Craig is smiling."
Put It Down,Craig,"Isn't this lovely, Tweek? Just look at that view!"
Put It Down,Tweek,[decides to look at his phone] Oh God! Another tweet from the President!
Put It Down,Craig,"Oh, come on."
Put It Down,Tweek,"""Why would the U.S. be scared of North Korea? Tweek is so not scared he's at an amusement park in Denver right now."" [gasps] JESUS CHRIST, WE'VE GOTTA GET OUT OF HERE!!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Tweek! Tweek, use your brain! North Korea isn't going to attack an amusement park. You're safer here than anywhere."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"At an autopia ride, kids and their parents drive along slowly."
Put It Down,Father,"Oh, Jeez, the President just called Kim Jong-un a fat midget. [the car he's in jumps off the track] Oh, and now North Korea is saying that they're gonna-"
Put It Down,Son,"Dad, look out! [the car plows through the bushes lining the autopia roadway]"
Put It Down,Father,"Oh, shit! [a girl turns around and sees the car coming, but can't evade it. The car mows her down and kills her, then speeds towards a woman and a baby carriage. It demolishes the baby carriage with the baby in it. The bumper car ride is shown]"
Put It Down,Attendant,"All right everyone, please wait for your bumper cars to come to a complete stop. We hope you enjoyed Crazy Cars- [one car has a mother and daughter in it, and the mother is browsing on her phone]"
Put It Down,Daughter,"Mommy, look out! [the mother screams as they run over a boy who's on his way out. Four other kids are still in the ride, and the car runs over them too. Panic ensues and spreads throughout the park]"
Put It Down,Tweek,"[noticing] Oh my God, what is that? What is that?!"
Put It Down,Craig,It's probably nothing. Everything's fine.
Put It Down,Tweek,Will you please stop saying that?! I can't take it!
Put It Down,Craig,I'm trying to make you feel better.
Put It Down,Tweek,"Well, maybe I don't wanna feel better right now!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Okay, but think about that. That actually doesn't make any sense."
Put It Down,Tweek,"Why do you have to be so logical?! I don't need you to problem-solve all the time, I need you to... Augh, I don't know!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Tweek, honey, all week you've been freaking out, and I've been the one forced to deal with it!"
Put It Down,Tweek,"You haven't been dealing with it, you've been trying to make it go away because my emotions are freaking you out! [behind him, a girl screams as the runaway bumper car mows her down. The mother in the car is still screaming]"
Put It Down,Craig,"Tweek, North Korea isn't bombing anyone. [Tweek turns away and tugs at his hair] They would lose the support of China, and that would mean-"
Put It Down,Tweek,There you go again! Stop preaching facts to me! It's not what I need!
Put It Down,Craig,"Well, I'm sorry that I'm actually in control of my goddamn emotions, you baby! [stops himself for a few seconds] Oh, see? Now you made me lose control of my emotions. [turns left and walks away] God dammit! [Tweek watches him leave, then grunts louder and louder until it's a full scream]"
Put It Down,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, cafeteria, lunchtime. The eight boys are back at their usual table."
Put It Down,Butters,"Hey Craig, how come Tweek's not at school?"
Put It Down,Craig,[a bit depressed] How should I know?
Put It Down,Jimmy,"Uh oh, trouble in paradise?"
Put It Down,Craig,"Look guys, Tweek doesn't want help, okay? He just wants to overreact."
Put It Down,Henry Kline,"[taps a mic a few times, and all the students in the cafeteria look at him] Hey guys, can we have your attention? Tomorrow night we'll be having a memorial service for all the students we've lost to distracted driving. We hope you can all bring your families."
Put It Down,Cartman,"[with his own mic] Cool, yeah. Hey guys, and there's also gonna be a suicide awareness pot luck at 7:30 tomorrow night in the school gymnasium. We're gonna have lots of games and face-painting, and uh, what are you guys gonna have?"
Put It Down,Henry,...Uhw-we're gonna have some guest speakers and also provide grievance counselors for those who need it.
Put It Down,Cartman,"Yeah, grievance counseling, that sounds super fun. Listen guys, there's a very real chance I might actually do it right in front of everyone tomorrow, so you don't want to miss it. Suicide prevention pot luck, everybody."
Put It Down,Heidi,"[approaches Cartman and takes the mic from Henry] Eric, you need to stop. What they're doing is important."
Put It Down,Cartman,They're doing a memorial service with speeches and crying. What's that gonna solve?
Put It Down,Heidi,"It's not about problem-solving, Eric. It's about people getting together and feeling what they need to feel. [Craig's jaw drops, as he realizes this is what Tweek was trying to tell him] People need help sorting out their emotions sometimes. And the best thing isn't always quick answers, but just being there, supporting each other and... talking through those feelings."
Put It Down,Cartman,"You are so up and down. I don't know what you want from me, Heidi!"
Put It Down,Heidi,"[Craig runs off, inspired by Heidi's words] Come on, there has to be a way we can all work together here."
Put It Down,Cartman,"So now you're on their side! Oh my God, I'm seriously gonna do it right now! [runs off]"
Put It Down,Heidi,Eric! [runs after him]
Put It Down,Scene Description,"Tweek's bedroom, late afternoon. He's in bed spinning four spinners, two in each hand."
Put It Down,Craig,"[runs into the bedroom] Tweek, what's going on??"
Put It Down,Tweek,"What? What do you mean, what's going on?! The same shit that's been going on!"
Put It Down,Craig,"Nothing's gotten any better? Oh my God, how does that make you feel?"
Put It Down,Tweek,I feel scared! I feel alone!
Put It Down,Craig,Well that must be horrible to feel that way. It must be hard for you to even think!
Put It Down,Tweek,It is! [gets off the bed and walks up to Craig] It's terrible!
Put It Down,Craig,I bet it's terrible! What else are you feeling?
Put It Down,Tweek,"Like, like I have no control over my life. Like I'm just a pawn in a big game."
Put It Down,Craig,"Oh, that's a terrifying thought. You must feel trapped."
Put It Down,Tweek,"Yeah, like trapped, but like, completely unable to even move."
Put It Down,Craig,"Jesus, it's like there's no solution to any of this! What are you gonna do?? What can you do?"
Put It Down,Tweek,"I don't know, it's... it's like... maybe, maybe I have to find a way to feel a little in charge of me again."
Put It Down,Craig,That sounds so insurmountable though. How would you even start?
Put It Down,Tweek,"I don't know, but I I've gotta do something about this. There's gotta be a way I can... [stops shaking and comes to a realization. He turns to see Craig and smiles. Craig smiles back] Thank you, Craig. [turns around and thinks] I've got it. People aren't focused on the right thing. I know what I should do."
Put It Down,Scene Description,"The school auditorium, evening. The kid's parents are now present."
Put It Down,PC Principal,"All right everyone, listen up. Tonight, one of our students has put together a song about a very important issue. It's a song about how there are certain times to not be on your phone. I hope you all listen carefully. [applause as Tweek sits at the piano and begins to play wonderfully. Craig appears on stage and begins to sing]"
Put It Down,Craig,People are dying. The fault is our own. You can do lots of damage when you're on your phone. We all have to agree to change it somehow. Let's all make a pledge to end it right now.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down. Don't be on your phone while being President. Put it down. You might do something dumb and cause an accident.
Put It Down,Townsfolk,"[scattered around town] Let's all agree, here today, that if we're leader of the U.S.A."
Put It Down,The parents,We'll put it down
Put It Down,The Governor,"If at any point today you're being a President, put down your mobile device."
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down.
Put It Down,Townsman,"If I'm on the phone, I will not get behind the... desk of an oval office."
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down.
Put It Down,McDonald's worker,I'll take the pledge!
Put It Down,Doctor,I'll take the pledge.
Put It Down,Hillary Clinton,And I'll take the pledge.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,No one cares.
Put It Down,Diner,"What's that? I was just elected President? Well then, goodbye!"
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,Put it down if you're President today.
Put It Down,The parents,If you find yourself being President today.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,"Ah ah ah, ah a-aaah."
Put It Down,Nancy,"Hey, Brian, look! I was just elected President."
Put It Down,Brian,"That's great, Nancy. Now put down your phone."
Put It Down,Nancy,Right.
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,"Ah ah ah, ah a-aaah, aaah. Put it down."
Put It Down,Cartman,"[interrupts with his own rap. He's in a graffiti-ridden alley] Give a standing ovation for suicide in our nation Or I will rip my own guts out without one hesitation [simulates that act. Next, he's in his living room] Dedication, that's what it's taken to awaken people to care [next, he stands next to Heidi outside a house] And yet my future's so hazy, my girlfriend's makin' me crazy But still I'm workin' so hard. You know, just tryin' to hold on, [next, he's in a casket] 'Cause I know that you don't miss me so much if I was gone. [next, he's on stage with the other kids] And all the voices start solo, but every day I hear them grow. Sayiin' ""Eric, don't do it! Don't do it! Noooo (noooo, noooo)"""
Put It Down,Scene Description,"A memorial segment pops up showing Gary Borkovec, then Kelly Morris, both killed by Presidents on their phones (distracted drivers). A montage of kids then appears, each of who were killed by Presidents on their phones. Included among them are Gary, Kelly,... and Kenny."
Put It Down,Choir and parents,"[A sign language interpreter appears in a small window at upper right of the screen to sign for the deaf. Craig and Tweek are holding hands] Put it down. Don't be on your phone while being president. Put it down. You might do something dumb and cause an accident. We all agree, here today, that if we're leader of the U.S.A. We'll put it down [the parents and the interpreter fade out. Craig and Tweek look at each other, smiling]"
Put It Down,Fourth grade choir,"Put it down. [the choir fades out, leaving only Craig and Tweek]"
Put It Down,Cartman,"[emerges from the choir and runs up to Craig and Tweek] I'm not gonna do it, you guys! It worked! I'm not gonna do it!"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. The school is in an uproar. The students are tearing up their notebooks and littering the hallways with their papers. Clyde starts setting papers on fire."
Holiday Special,Cartman,[runs through the hallway] This is an outrage! This is a violation of our human rights! [stops in front of Stan and Kyle]
Holiday Special,Stan,What the hell is going on?
Holiday Special,Cartman,You didn't hear the announcement? They just cancelled Columbus Day! We have to come to school on Monday!
Holiday Special,Kyle,They what??
Holiday Special,Butters,"[runs up between Stan, Kyle, and Cartman] They can't do this! We made plans! [runs off]"
Holiday Special,Cartman,Some asshole went and convinced the school board that Columbus Day is racist and should be eliminated!
Holiday Special,Butters,[returns] You can't take away a day off! We're just innocent children!
Holiday Special,Stan,"Dude, what asshole would take away a holiday?"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The school gym, later. An official sits behind a desks."
Holiday Special,Peter Galtman,"My name is Peter Galtman. I am the head of the school calendar committee. [the people he's addressing are the parents and faculty of South Park Elementary] I've decided that school will not celebrate Columbus Day this year. I realize this is a hot-button issue for many families, but one parent in particular has really swayed my opinion with his passion. Mr. Randy Marsh. Mr. Marsh pointed out to me the hypocrisy of glorifying a genocidal murderer, and Mr. Marsh is right now also working on having the Columbus statue taken down in Canyon City."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"Canyon City, day. In the town square, a magnificent statue of Columbus stands with a globe in its left hand and a telescope in its right hand."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[runs up to the statue] Come on, everybody! Let's take this fuckin' thing down! [kicks it and punches it] Yeah, yehah! [punches it some more, with no effect] Take it down! Columbus was a mass murderer! [people gather to watch as Randy climbs up to the statue's head] Tear it down! Tear it down! Yeah! [grunts as he tries to take it apart] Hey, it's not working. [tugs at the head and grunts] We almost got it, guys! Come on, throw the rope, Stan! [a rope flies up towards him, with noose ready to go. He catches it and wraps it around the head] Good, that's good! Hit the gas, Nelson! [Peter Nelson pulls away with the rope tied to his car] We got it, everybody! To hell with you, Columbus! You guh-whoa! Whoa! [the statue topples to the right and falls apart. Randy falls with it, but isn't hurt]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, evening. Stan sits on the couch watching TV when he gets a call from Kyle."
Holiday Special,Stan,Hey dude.
Holiday Special,Kyle,Dude! Did you know it's your dad did who's getting the school to cancel Columbus Day?
Holiday Special,Stan,"Yeah. Dude, I don't know what's going on. He's really serious about this."
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Well, you've gotta do something. If you get him to back down, maybe the school will reconsider."
Holiday Special,Stan,I can't get him to back down.
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Stan, I have to deal with my mom doing shit like this all the time, but she's never tried to take away a holiday. I'm your best friend, but I can't have your back when the guys find out about this."
Holiday Special,Stan,"I'll try, okay. [glances up for a moment] Ok-I, I gotta go. [Randy walks up with his laptop and phone and sits next to Stan]"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, Stan, you got your phone? I need to call everyone on this list. They all live in the same city."
Holiday Special,Stan,"Dad, listen: you need to ease off a little here."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Stan, it's not right that people celebrate a man who wiped out millions of people for his own glory! [puts his phone up to his right ear] Let's go! [places his first call] Hello? Is this uh [checks his laptop screen] Howard Peterson? You live in Columbus, Ohio, is that correct? Yeah? You racist piece of shit. You heard me. You're an intolerant pig. Oh, you're not? You just choose to live in a city named for ethnic cleansing. No, fuck you! Rename your city, asshole! Hello? [evidently, the recipient hung up] Okay, next one, come on. Get calling, Stan!"
Holiday Special,Stan,"Dad, come on. We all get your point, but don't you think you're overdoing it?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"You have to overdo it in today's society Stan. You can't be nuanced and subtle anymore or else critics go ""Wow, what was the point of that?"" [places the next calls] Hi, Francis Melman? Hey, how are you, you fuckin' racist?"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"An even more impressive statue of Columbus, lit up at night."
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,"[the camera zooms out to include him] Christopher Columbus. Explorer, pioneer. Is he someone who should be appreciated, or was he just a douche? For years, Columbus Circle has been a landmark and photogenic intersection in New York City. So it came as a surprise when someone defecated on the statue earlier today. I'm joined now by the man who did the actual defecating, Mr. Randy Marsh of South Park, Colorado. [walks up to Randy, who's wearing an ""I poop on New York"" T-shirt, ""poop on"" replaced by a small picture of him pooping on ""New York""]"
Holiday Special,Randy,Good evening.
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,"Mr. Marsh, you took a dump on a beloved statue that's been an icon here in the city for years. What was your reasoning?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Well, I just have a problem with the racist people of this city. Yeehaw, [gets into a hick, redneck accent] I'm from New York! I drive around a big circle n' celebrates a guy who murdered Native Americans! Shoowee!"
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,So you're doing this because of indigenous peoples and their feelings.
Holiday Special,Randy,"I don't care if people get indigenous, I'll crap all over their statues! I'm the one who's indigenous that this landmark even exists!"
Holiday Special,Field Reporter,"Aah, aaah, bah, back to you, Tom."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, lunch time. As kids sit down for lunch, a girl walks by with a tear streaming down her face. She sniffles. At the boys' table are seated Token, Jimmy, Kyle, Clyde, Cartman, Kenny, and Butters."
Holiday Special,Butters,It ain't right. They make you work like a dog and then they just tear away your one day off in October like you're a piece of trash!
Holiday Special,Stan,[shows up at table with his lunch] Hey guys. [takes a seat between Token and Jimmy]
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Boo! Boo! Nobody likes you, Stan!"
Holiday Special,Stan,"Look, I tried talking to him, alright? He's just really against all the things Columbus did."
Holiday Special,Jimmy,Does anyone know what Columbus actually did?
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah. In fourteen hundred ninety-two, Columbus got us a day off skewl. That's what matters."
Holiday Special,Kyle,"No! No, wait guys. Maybe that's it. When I'm dealing with my mom, sometimes it works to be on her side for a minute. Maybe we should find out all the things people find offensive about Columbus and-"
Holiday Special,Cartman,"And totally act like we care. I like it, Kyle."
Holiday Special,Kyle,"I'll just look up Columbus, offensive, inflammatory-"
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah, this is sweet. It's like that movie where the dude pretended to be on the monsters' side? You know, with the guy and the chick that had the wife beater on, but her boobs were sweaty so you could see them? [Kyle checks the search results]"
Holiday Special,Butters,I love that movie.
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah, this is a lot like that. What'd you find, Kyle?"
Holiday Special,Kyle,Nnnothing.
Holiday Special,Butters,Dang it! There's nothing?
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Stan, can I talk to you for a minute? [leaves the table, and Stan follows]"
Holiday Special,Cartman,[now out of the loop] What? What? What the hell was that?
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, Randy's study. Randy is typing up something on his computer. Stan and Kyle walk in."
Holiday Special,Stan,Hey Dad?
Holiday Special,Randy,"Not now, Stan. I'm working on a proposal to change British Columbia to just British."
Holiday Special,Stan,"But Dad, Kyle found a picture on Instagram. [shows Randy the pictures] It pretty much looks like you dressed as Columbus at a Halloween party. [Randy notices the picture, now shown close up]"
Holiday Special,Randy,Where did you get that?
Holiday Special,Stan,"If you hate Columbus so much, why did you dress like him?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Look, that was a long time ago, okay? It's just a dumb Halloween costume."
Holiday Special,Stan,"Yeah but, [goes through the pictures he pulled off Instagram] here's you dressed as Columbus at a formal dinner, and here's you dressed as Columbus at a football game, and you as Columbus on St. Patrick's Day..."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Look, I was younger! We were all... younger. It was another time. You have to understand, it was 2013. Everyone was stoked on Columbus back then."
Holiday Special,Stan,"Yeah, but Dad, you seem to be really stoked on Columbus."
Holiday Special,Randy,"If you guys found those pictures online, it's only a matter of time before everyone else does. People won't care about what I do now. They'll just see me as a thoughtless, indigenous son of a bitch."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room, some time later. Sharon walks up to him."
Holiday Special,Sharon,"Randy, do you mind cleaning out the garage like I asked?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"[moping] What's the point, Sharon? Soon they're gonna be coming after me."
Holiday Special,Sharon,Ach. [turns around and walks away]
Holiday Special,Announcer,"[a series of faces appear on tv, and Randy is interested] Hey, you! That's right, you! Wouldn't you like to know the story of you? What makes you you? DNAandMe is a genetic service that can help you find out exactly who your ancestors were. You might be surprised."
Holiday Special,Cyclist,"[at Santa Monica Beach, stops] I thought I was just a standard white guy, but DNAandMe showed that I'm actually 4.2% Cherokee Indian."
Holiday Special,Woman 1,[doing curls] Turns out I'm not totally white. I'm also part Northern Asian and even some Kurdish. I'm a victim of oppression. [smiles]
Holiday Special,Steve,[seated at his desk] I used to get in trouble for always using the N word. But with DNAandMe I found out that I'm 2.1% black.
Holiday Special,Office Worker,"[walks by] 'Morning, Steve?"
Holiday Special,Steve,"Sup, n*gga? [smiles]"
Holiday Special,Announcer,"The test is easy. [a woman is shown swabbing her mouth for a DNA sample and putting it into a cuvette, then sealing that cuvette] Simply swab the inside of your mouth and send it into our lab."
Holiday Special,Driver,"[behind the wheel] People made fun of me for being French. DNAandMe showed I was 8% Navajo. Nobody's makin' fun of me now, or my people, who are victims."
Holiday Special,Female Jogger,I'm 13% victim.
Holiday Special,Painter,I'm 21% victim.
Holiday Special,Announcer,Order now and find out if your friends should be more sympathetic towards you. DNAandMe. Are you in?
Holiday Special,Randy,Hell fucking yes I'm in.
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, day. There's a mellow party going on, with soft jazz musics. With everyone enjoying the ambiance, Randy comes down from the second floor, looks around, then goes back upstairs."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,Randy's study. He goes inside the darkened room and closes the door.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Alright, everyone's here. Let's do this. [in the room with him is a Native American (Bill), whom he walks up to. He opens a desk drawer and pulls out some money] Here you go, just like I said. A hundred dollars cash. No questions asked. Are we good? [Bill just looks him over] Good. No talking. Perfect. Okay, let's get this over with. [pulls Bill's face towards his own and gives him a long, passionate French kiss. Bill gets more and more surprised the longer the kiss continues. Randy suddenly stops the kiss] Thank you. Do not talk of this to anyone. [Bill just turns to watch him leave]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The living room, moments later. Randy greets his guests."
Holiday Special,Randy,"All right, everybody. Hey, thanks for comin'. If uh-I can have your attention, please? I think we're ready to get started."
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"[holding a DNAandMe kit] Ahah, Mr. Marsh, you know, none of this was really necessary. For DNAandMe testing you can just swab the inside of your mouth yourself and send it in the mail."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Yeah, I know, but I just, I was really excited, wanted everyone to witness my test."
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Well, to each their own I suppose. [opens the kit and pulls out a swab] All right, open wide. [Randy opens up and hums as the DNAandMe doctor moves the swab around the inside of his cheek. A shot of the Tuckers and Nelson eating hors d'oeuvres. The doctor takes the swab and puts it back in the kit] Okay, I'll get this back to the lab and get the results to you as quickly as possible."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, great. I'm very interested to see [begins speaking more slowly] what those results have to say."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"A house, day. A woman sits in a rocking chair knitting a scarf. A cordless phone rings."
Holiday Special,Peter Galtman,[answers the phone] Galtman residence.
Holiday Special,Masked voice,Listen to me carefully. The man who convinced you to cancel Columbus Day is a fraud.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,Who is this?
Holiday Special,Masked voice,You will go online and search Instagram for images of Randy Marsh.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,I most certainly will not!
Holiday Special,Masked voice,"Randy Marsh is a hypocrite and a fake. You will be taken down with him when he is exposed! [a shot of the boys' restroom at school. Kenny is the one who's masking his voice as Stan, Kyle, and Cartman look on]"
Holiday Special,Kyle,What's he saying?
Holiday Special,Kenny,(Shhh! Don't interrupt!) [masked voice again] We know where you live and we know how to make you suffer!
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,"Now you listen here, Mr. Man! The Galtmans don't believe in social media or the Internet! It's all fake news!"
Holiday Special,Mrs. Galtman,Fake news.
Holiday Special,Kenny,"[masked voice] Then speak with Marsh yourself! The truth is out there! [hangs up] (Well, I don't know if that worked.)"
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,Hm. [suspicion aroused] Sounds like maybe the Galtmans need to check out Randy Marsh.
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house,. Shelly's bedroom. She's drawing a pony on her bed when Randy bursts into the room."
Holiday Special,Randy,Shelly! We've got an emergency! We're getting rid of all the Columbus stuff in this house! Any Columbus costumes? Columbus pictures? They all gotta go!
Holiday Special,Shelly,I don't give a shit about Columbus.
Holiday Special,Scene Description,The kitchen. Sharon is washing dishes when Randy enters.
Holiday Special,Randy,Sharon! Peter Galtman called! He sounds suspicious! We've gotta get rid of all our Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups! Where are they?!
Holiday Special,Sharon,YOUR Columbus shot glasses and coffee cups are in that cupboard.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Shot, shot glasses, coffee cups, towels, plates. What about the Columbus figurine salt and pepper shakers?"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"I don't know where YOU put them, Randy."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[walks from the cupboard to the sink] Sharon, do you know what they'll do to us when they find out how we were so stoked on Columbus??"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"YOU were stoked on Columbus, Randy. Not me."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Oho, really?! Did you forget our wedding?! That's you, right there! [shows her the wedding picture. She's in a traditional wedding dress while Randy is dressed as Columbus] Standing there with a big smile on your face! You didn't say anything about it being insensitive then, did you?!"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"I actually was a little upset that you dressed up as Columbus for our wedding, but I decided-"
Holiday Special,Randy,"[moves from her right side to her left] Oh, NOW! You say that NOW 'cause everyone's freakin' out, but you were right there going along with it! [turns around and walks away, but turns around again] They're gonna be coming after you too, Sharon! So you can just wipe that indigenous look off your face! [the doorbell rings and Sharon's eyebrows rise up. Randy perks up] Oh! That could be my DNA results! Here, take this stuff out back! [drops it all next to Sharon and runs to the front door, only to find Bill at the door with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. Randy looks him over, and Bill gives him the bouquet] Oh... nooo, nonononono."
Holiday Special,Bill,I've never felt so alive until now.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Thank you. Lo-lovely flowers. Thank, thank you. [shuts the door on the bouquet, which is crushed and falls apart]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Galtman house, day. Mrs. Galtman has made a lot of progress with the scarf. The phone rings."
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,[answers the phone] Galtman residence.
Holiday Special,Kenny,[masked voice] Listen carefully if you want to live. You will make this Monday a school holiday.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,I spoke with Mr. Marsh and he denied any wrongdoing.
Holiday Special,Kenny,[talking from the boys' bathroom at school] Of course he did! That's what liars do!
Holiday Special,Stan,I don't think you're being intimidating enough.
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Yeah, get meaner, Kenny."
Holiday Special,Kenny,"Meaner like now, dude?"
Holiday Special,Stan,"I don't know, like, like uh, maybe say-"
Holiday Special,Cartman,Just talk about cutting off his dick or something.
Holiday Special,Kenny,[to Galtman] We're gonna cut off your dick!
Holiday Special,Kyle,"No dude, that's too far."
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Okay, okay, just say we're gonna cut off part of his dick."
Holiday Special,Stan,Just give me the phone! Hello!
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,What?
Holiday Special,Stan,Randy Marsh is about to pay for what he's done! [shown on the phone] Protect him and you will pay too! Time is running out! [hangs up] Jesus!
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, master bedroom. Sharon is in bed reading a book when Randy enters."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Sharon, have you seen my Columbus staff and orb?"
Holiday Special,Sharon,I have not. [Randy goes to the closet and start rifling through it]
Holiday Special,Randy,"Sharon, Galtman called again. Somebody's out there trying to get me in trouble!"
Holiday Special,Sharon,"Randy, why don't you just admit to people that maybe you were somewhat overly excited about Columbus in the past?"
Holiday Special,Randy,Everyone was excited about Columbus! For some reason people are just pointing fingers at me! Just because he's suddenly not cool now doesn't mean I'm gonna be the effin' scapegoat! [leaves the room and closes the door]
Holiday Special,Scene Description,The front door. Randy is about to leave.
Holiday Special,Randy,I've gotta burn this stuff! [opens the door and sees Bill waiting for him with a drum and stick] Oh Goddamnit!
Holiday Special,Bill,I wrote you a song to express my feelings for you.
Holiday Special,Randy,Will you get out of here?!
Holiday Special,Bill,"[bangs on the drum and chants, then] And then he kissed me."
Holiday Special,Randy,[hushed] I didn't kiss you 'cause I liked you!
Holiday Special,Bill,"[ignores him, bangs on the drum and chants, then] And then he kissed me."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, okay"
Holiday Special,Bill,"[bangs on the drum and chants, then] And the sun began to shine."
Holiday Special,Randy,That's it! Get off my property! [turns him around and shoves him towards the sidewalk]
Holiday Special,Bill,"Randy, I cannot quit you."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Get off my land, you piece of shit! [kicks him to the curb]"
Holiday Special,Bill,Uuugh! [they both look around. Randy sees a jogger across the street with his phone]
Holiday Special,Randy,"Don't post that. [a few seconds pass] Do not. Post that. [the jogger takes off. Randy drops the staff and orb, and gives chase] Shit!"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The school playground, recess. The boys now sit around a merry-go-round. Clyde stands next to them. All of them have sad faces. Cartman walks up to them."
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Guys, what are you going?"
Holiday Special,Butters,"It's over, Eric. We have to come to school on Monday. Just face it."
Holiday Special,Cartman,I'm not facing anything. We still have time. There has to be a way-
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Dude, there's nothing we can do, all right?"
Holiday Special,Cartman,"Oh okay. I see. Is that what Columbus did? Just give up? On his dream? No! Columbus believed that kids should have a day off skewl! And even when his own country wouldn't support his cause, Columbus said ""Fine! I'll go find a new land, where kids can have that day off!"""
Holiday Special,Jimmy,"Eric, just l-let it go."
Holiday Special,Cartman,"And when Columbus sailed to distant places only to find people already there who said ""No! Stay off our land! We want our kids to have to go to skewl!"", he said ""No! It's just one day in October! They need a break!"" You guys can all give up, but I'm not. Because in 1492, Columbus got us all a day off skewl. With just three ships he sailed over so we could have some me time in October. And yes, millions were slaughtered and throats were cut But if we don't get that day off of school, then... for what?"
Holiday Special,Kyle,"Come on, guys. [stands up on the merry-go-round] There's something else we can try."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh bathroom, day. Sharon is on the toilet urinating, while reading stuff on her phones. Randy opens the door."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[excited] Sharon, good news!"
Holiday Special,Sharon,What??
Holiday Special,Randy,The people from the DNA test called. They're on their way over. You wanna come down?
Holiday Special,Sharon,I'm doing something.
Holiday Special,Randy,"You sure? These results could be really interesting. [Sharon stays quiet, so he heads downstairs]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,The living room. Randy sees Bill.
Holiday Special,Randy,"Oh Goddammit, what the hell do you want?"
Holiday Special,Bill,I want you to stop running from yourself. We could be so happy. [the doorbell rings]
Holiday Special,Randy,"Crap, it's them! [to the front door] Just a second, be right there. Thanks! [turns around and shoves Bill towards the back door] Get over here! I don't have any feelings for you. Do you understand?!"
Holiday Special,Bill,"But Randy, what about the-"
Holiday Special,Randy,[shoves him out the back door] NO! No buts! There is nothing here! I'm not in love with you! Got it?!
Holiday Special,Bill,"Yes. Yes, I understand."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Good! Now leave! [goes to the front door, and lets the DNAandMe folks in] Hi, sorry. You guys have my results?"
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Well, Mr. Marsh, we came because there was an irregularity with your test."
Holiday Special,Randy,Well what? You found something there you didn't expect to find? What is it?
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,Well it's just a little too odd. We need to do the test again.
Holiday Special,Randy,Do it again? That's not fair.
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Mr. Marsh, please. If we could have one more sample. We want to be absolutely sure of what we found."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Agh-uh oh, okay, no problem. [begins to back up] Give me, give me one sec. I'll be right back. [turns and runs to the back door, opens it, and runs out] Wait! [looks to his left] Wait! [runs up to the Native American and kisses him in the mouth again, and just as before, stops and leaves, this time to go back inside and to the living room] Okay! Okay, all set. Let's do this. Aaaaa-"
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Mr. Marsh, we were hoping to do a more precise test. It's better for harder cases like this, but... it is an anal swab this time. [prepares the kit]"
Holiday Special,Randy,"An anal swab? Give me tuh, three minutes. [backs up and runs out the back door again, looking for the Native American.] Hey, where'd you go? [the doctor walks up behind him and puts his right hand on Randy's shoulder]"
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Mr. Marsh, we're in a bit of a hurry, if you don't mind. [pulls him back inside]"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Oh, aw shit. [the assistant closes the door]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"South Park, day. The Marsh house. Cartman opens the front door and enters."
Holiday Special,Cartman,"[wearing a horse head mask] All right, it's clear. Bring him in. [Stan, wearing a pig head mask, and Kyle, wearing a rabbit head mask, pull Mr. Galtman inside]"
Holiday Special,Kenny,"[wearing a pigeon head mask, using his Mysterion voice] Move your ass, Galtman!"
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,This is a violation of my rights.
Holiday Special,Stan,"Just shut up, and watch what someone posted on their Instagram!"
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,"I most certainly will not! If you want me to look at the Internet, I will die first. It's fake news!"
Holiday Special,Kyle,[as Stan puts a tape into the VCR] That's why we had it transferred to VHS.
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,"Oh, VHS is fine."
Holiday Special,Kenny,"Take off his blindfold. [Kyle does so. Stan presses play, and the scene of Randy kicking the Native American to the curb is shown]"
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,Hmmm...
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"DNAandMe headquarters, night. Randy sneaks around the hallways of the place. He reaches the specimen room, faces the door, and pulls out a lock pick. He inserts the pick in the door lock to try to open it. The doctor and two lab workers walk up behind him."
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Oh, Mr. Marsh."
Holiday Special,Randy,"Whoa, ha-hay. [turns around] How are you? [smiles nervously]"
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,Good. Wha-what are you up to?
Holiday Special,Randy,"Chillin', chillin'."
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Well, uhhh, we did get your DNA results back this morning. Would you like to go over them?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Oh, you did? Oh, great. Sure, why not? Uh, I'm here. Huh let's uh, let's do that."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The lab room, moments later"
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"N'all right Mr. Marsh, here's your DNAandMe portfolio. [starts the presentation] This shows that we actually found a mix of a few things in you regional ancestry."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[jumps up and stands] Really? Like Native American? Like a, like a little bit?"
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Nno, we didn't find any trace of any Native American DNA in your test."
Holiday Special,Randy,Nnnuts! [sits down]
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"But as you can see here [click], we found that you are about 43% Northern European, 37% Mediterranean, and 18% Southwest Asian. In fact, your genetic profile most closely matches [clicks] your standard Caucasian British person."
Holiday Special,Randy,[sighing] Awww.
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"And, you might be interested to know that you're actually 2.8% Neanderthal, which is fairly high."
Holiday Special,Randy,Neander-thal? What the hell is that about?
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Well, the Neanderthals were actually a species that was wiped out by Homo sapiens."
Holiday Special,Randy,Wiped out? All of my people?
Holiday Special,DNA test administrator,"Yes, but you see, because of some cross-breeding, some people like you still possess Neanderthal DNA. Isn't that interesting?"
Holiday Special,Randy,"Cross-breeding? You mean rape. You're telling me that my ancestors were raped, and then eradicated by you? You maniacs! [kicks the chair out of the way] The earth wasn't big enough for Neanderthals, so your ancestors just got rid of them, huh?! Well TO HELL WITH ALL OF YOU!! [knocks over a tool cart and leaves]"
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Randy pulls into his driveway and walks towards the house in a sad state. He goes inside, closes the door, and is surprised at what he sees. Mr. Galtman stands with the four boys near the dining room."
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,"Well well, Mr. Marsh. I'd like to have a word, please."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[walks up to him and punches him out with one blow] You find this funny, Galtman!"
Holiday Special,Mr. Galtman,What'd I do?
Holiday Special,Randy,"Nobody had the guts to tell me what happened to my people, huh? Get the hell out of here! [opens the front door and Bill is back]"
Holiday Special,Bill,I brought my parents over so you could meet them.
Holiday Special,Randy,Waww God!
Holiday Special,Bill,Don't worry. My parents are very okay and cool with us.
Holiday Special,Stan,Who the hell is that?
Holiday Special,Randy,"Yeah, sure! Everyone gang up on the Neanderthal! Isn't it funny!"
Holiday Special,Bill,"Randy, you must face who you are. Stop pretending, Randy. For once, just allow yourself to feel."
Holiday Special,Randy,"[moves away from the others] You're right. [Galtman stands up and they all look at Randy again] You're right. It's only now, when everyone is being so indigenous to me, that I realized... how indigenous I've been acting all along. I thought being a victim would solve all my problems. But being a victim has a down side too. [walks up to Galtman] Mr. Galtman, I haven't been honest. It's time for us all... to be honest."
Holiday Special,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. A stage, mic, and podium have been prepared at the school entrance, and Randy is at the podium. Before him are the faculty, parents and students of the school."
Holiday Special,Randy,"What is a holiday? It's a day off work, yes. A day off school. But holidays are also meant to be a time to reflect. Today, I'm happy to announce that the school calendar committee is reinstating the day off. [the kids cheer] But instead of glorifying anyone, Let us make it a holiday about the negative feelings that we all sometimes feel. Say what we're really thinking so we can move on. And so, the second Monday in October will still be a holiday, but instead of Columbus Day, it will be for ripping on each other and tearing each other down. And we will call it Indigenous Peoples Day. For perhaps if we all do it at the same time, we won't be so indigenous the rest of the year. And since this is the second Monday of October, let's all embrace the new meaning of the holiday starting right now."
Holiday Special,Dave,"Do you even know what indigenous means, you freakin' idiot?!"
Holiday Special,Randy,"That's the spirit, Dave. Come on, everybody, let's just all be totally indigenous. Come on!"
Holiday Special,Kurt,Who the hell let this guy talk to the school council?
Holiday Special,Randy,"Good one Kurt. Your wife's a whore. Come on, everyone! Indigenous People's Day! Let's go for it!"
Holiday Special,Woman 2,Shut up and get off the podium! [people begin to leave]
Holiday Special,Randy,"Okay, I will in a second, fatso. All right, who else? Come on! Get it out of your system! Happy Indigenous People's Day, everyone. Suck my asshole!"
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"South Park, day. People are going about their business when a flash zips by, rustling everything near it."
Franchise Prequel,Man 1,What on Earth was that?
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,"[voice over] My name is Jimmy Valmer. [He zips around town, startling people here and there. Two boys playing basketball almost lose it when he zips by them] And I am very... [stops] f-f-fast. [General Medical Center, day] When I was born, my parents knew I was different."
Franchise Prequel,Doctor,"[handing baby Jimmy to his parents] I'm sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Valmer, your newborn son will never be able to walk. But he will be extremely good at comedy. [Sarah cries as she uncovers his face]"
Franchise Prequel,Baby Jimmy,[already with a mic in his hand] Wow! What a teh-t-teh-terrific audience. [Sarah sobs some more]
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Chuckles Improv, night. Jimmy is working on his delivery."
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,"[voice over] As I got older, my powers only increased."
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,[on stage] What do you call cheese that isn't yours?
Franchise Prequel,Woman 1,AAAAHHHH Help! [Jimmy zips away and returns moments later with a pickpocket tied up next to him]
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,Nacho cheese. [gets a round of applause]
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,"[voice over] And now I look for others like me to fight crime as part of a superhero team. I am... Fas... Fastpass! [shown to be auditioning for a role in a superhero team headed by... The Coon. The current team members - Tupperware (Token), Mosquito (Clyde), The Coon (Cartman), Toolshed (Stan), Human Kite (Kyle), and Mysterion (Kenny) - clap approvingly]"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"[The Coon] Okay, okay, thank you, Fastpass. What do you guys think?"
Franchise Prequel,Stan,We definitely don't have anyone with superhuman speed in our franchise.
Franchise Prequel,Token,"Fastpass, what makes you feel... qualified to be part of our cinematic universe?"
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,"Well, besides being super f-f-fa-fast, I also have a good attitude, and flexibility with my schedule on weekends."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Fastpass, welcome to Coon and Friends. You are about to make a shitload of money."
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Coon and Friends: Franchise Prequel. Cartman's basement, day. He has his team assembled and begins to brief them on his plans."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Alright, superheros, it's time to lay out our plan of action. As you can see, I have divided the franchise plan into three phases. Phase 1 begins with The Coon Netflix series and goes through the Coon and Friends United movie, where we introduce Toolshed and The Human Kite. In Phase 2 we do Coon vs. Fastpass followed by an origin movie about Mosquito."
Franchise Prequel,Clyde,"Bzzz oh boy, I get my own origin movie, bzzz?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"That's right. It's in Phase 2 that we introduce Tupperware, our black superhero, like an ace in the hole."
Franchise Prequel,Stan,"Whoawhoa wait, how come we gotta start off with a Netflix series? Can't we just go right into movies?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Netflix is starving for new shows right now, Toolshed. They will literally buy anything people pitch them. We need to strike while the iron's hot. Later in Phase 3 we can finally get to Civil War, where we will all- [the Coon alarm goes off and the boys look around]"
Franchise Prequel,Stan,What is it?
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,Incoming Face Time call from Super Craig. [the boys leave their seats and gather around the monitor]
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Onscreen!
Franchise Prequel,Craig,"You guys, we have a big problem."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"What is it, Super Craig?"
Franchise Prequel,Craig,"Somebody's messing with our Facebook page. They're spreading all these lies, saying we like, burn the American flag and pee in each other's mouths."
Franchise Prequel,Stan,Spreading lies how?
Franchise Prequel,Craig,Take a look. [holds up a picture of a mysterious boy and the Coon and Friends Facebook page] Someone is systematically targeting our Facebook followers and feeding them misinformation.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Who would deliberately use Facebook in such a horribly reckless way?
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Butter's room, a stormy night. He's on his computer looking at the Coon and Friends Facebook page, typing away and cackling."
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,"[opens the bedroom door to check in] Butters, you're not looking at boobies again, are you?"
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"No Dad, I'm not looking at boobies. [Stephen closes the door and Butters waits a few second before cackling again] Waahahahahaha!"
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Butters is switching out books in his locker as the four boys approach him. He closes his locker."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Butters?!
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"Oh, hey fellas."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Butters, are you using Facebook to fuck with our superhero franchise?"
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"Uuuuuuummm, nope. [turns around and walks off, the others wait a second or two before catching up]"
Franchise Prequel,Stan,Butters? Butters!
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"[turns around] Yes, fellas?"
Franchise Prequel,Stan,"Dude, listen. We don't have time for this. Right now, Netflix is buying any show that people pitch them. We have a real shot at starting our franchise, and you are a part of that franchise plan, okay? We have movies planned for the bad guy."
Franchise Prequel,Butters,You mean like Suicide Squad?
Franchise Prequel,Stan,Yes!
Franchise Prequel,Butters,[in Stan's face] Suicide Squad sucked! [turns around and walks off again]
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,Butters! Butters! You can't just make stuff up about us! [Butters turns around again] People are thinking it's true!
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"Look fellas, you have a right to be on Facebook and I have a right to be on facebook. And sometimes that's going to cause a little... [makes a fist and smirks] CHAOS. [looks mischievous and gets slick] Gotta get to classss."
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,"Dude, what a dick!"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"If we don't find a way to stop him, we're never gonna make any money, you guys."
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The Valmer residence, living room, day. The adults there are drinking coffee. Ryan Valmer addresses the other parents."
Franchise Prequel,Ryan,"Thanks for coming, everyone. I know you are all concerned as Sarah and I are about what's happening to our children."
Franchise Prequel,Thomas,I just... can't believe that children in our town are dressing up in hero costumes and peeing in each other's mouths.
Franchise Prequel,Randy,And who are these kids? Does anyone know? They're wearing capes and forcing objects into their own rectal cavities? Why?
Franchise Prequel,Steve,We [referring to himself and Linda] were shocked to read that a young African-American boy is wearing Tupperware and defecating on girls while they sleep. What if those kids are hanging out with our kids?
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,You know what I think the problem is? Facebook.
Franchise Prequel,Randy,Facebook? How so?
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,"Well, look, we all know there's a lot of mixing of truth and fiction that's been on Facebook lately, and children lack the cognitive ability to determine what's true and what isn't on Facebook. That's why we now have young kids dressing up in costumes, eating poop, and having sex with antelopes in our town."
Franchise Prequel,Thomas,Maybe we need to get our kids off of Facebook.
Franchise Prequel,Randy,That'll never happen. You know what I say we do? Let's invite Mark Zuckerberg to come and talk to us all about our concerns in this community.
Franchise Prequel,Linda,Do you really think he'd come?
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,Why not give it a try? Let's invite Mark Zuckerberg here and see what he has to say? I'm sure he's a reasonable person. [takes a sip]
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"An abandoned Circuit City store, marked for lease. A boy walks towards it with a flyer in hand, He goes to a side door in the loading area and knocks."
Franchise Prequel,Butters,[as Professor Chaos] Who are you?! What do you want?!
Franchise Prequel,Adam,I'm here about the job? [points to the flyer]
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"Oh. Are you Adam? Well, come on in. [Adam walks in with Butters and Butters closes the door. Butters gives him a tour of the place] You're making a smart career choice, Adam. You see, what we do here is utilize Facebook not only to spread chaos, but to actually profit from it. You'll find the hours very reasonable and I'm working on getting full health and dental for all employees. [stops and gets a uniform off the shelves for Adam] Here's your company uniform. You see, what I've done, Adam, is build a completely self-sustaining Chaos machine [Adam exits the boys room as Chaos #28] - You look fantastic - doing nothing more than what Facebook was designed to do. I make money from Facebook for my fake content in order to pay Facebook to promote my fake stories. And thusly we're growing bigger every day. Everyone, can I have your attention please? [the other workers look towards them] We have a new agent in Chaos. Please welcome Adam Borque. [the others clap for him] Here you go. You can take this workstation, Adam. Just start writing horrible things about people and presenting it as reality on Facebook. Alright! Don't forget we have a Chaos quota, gang! Let's really fuck shit up! [the workers resume their work]"
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The school gym, day. A meeting is being held there: ""Facebook in Your Community. Guest Speaker: Mark Zuckerberg""."
Franchise Prequel,Mr. Mackey,"Uh, alright, can everyone hear me in the back? Hm'kay, we're gonna get started here. I know you all have a lot of questions, so without further ado, let me introduce Mark Zuckerberg. [Zuckerberg walks up] Thanks for coming, Mr. Zuckerberg."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,[in a stilted manner. He speaks like this throughout the episode] Thank you. It is a great honor to be here amongst all of you. [immediately you can see his lips don't match his words]
Franchise Prequel,Mr. Mackey,"For those of you who don't know uh, could you tell us who you are?"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,I am the founder and chairman of Facebook. But I also have a shtoile that is completely unblockable.
Franchise Prequel,Mr. Mackey,"Okay, we'll let him speak and then we'll uh open the floor to some questions if there's time, thank you."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Thank you, right? [Mr. Mackey walks off] Alright, everyone here wants to see my shtoile. But first, what I'll need is a volunteer. Yes, you sir."
Franchise Prequel,Man 2,"Mr. Zuckerberg, Facebook has become a tool for some to disrupt our country and our community."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"You say these things like they are my fault, and yet they are not."
Franchise Prequel,Man 2,"Well, you did create a platform with a monetary incentive for people to spread misinformation?"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Ha ha ha ha ha! Now I see you're trying to use your shtoile over mine. Now, you try to block me. [assumes a fighting stance, puts his left palm out as far as it can go, and makes some odd sounds] Now you've learned that you cannot block me, yehhhs? [a woman raises her arm] Yes, what is your question?"
Franchise Prequel,Woman 2,"[stands up] How are we supposed to keep our kids-? [he interrupts her with some more fighting stances and odd sounds, and she sits down]"
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Address 20802, day. Coon and Friends ring the doorbell there. A boy opens the door and looks at them."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Wilson Aubrey?
Franchise Prequel,Wilson,Yeah.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"It's us, your heroes, Coon and Friends. We're uhm, just wondering why you stopped following us on Instagram?"
Franchise Prequel,Wilson,Because you victimize innocent people and poop in little girls' mouths.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"That's not true, Wilson. We're Coon and Friends, not Harvey Weinstein."
Franchise Prequel,Wilson,Facebook says it's true.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,But it's NOT true.
Franchise Prequel,Wilson,But Facebook says it's true.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"[gets in his face] Okay, but it's NOT true, and you need to have your own fucking brain and decide shit for yourself!"
Franchise Prequel,Wilson,"AAAAH! [shuts the door on Cartman, who's taken aback. Cartman turns around and leaves the house, and the other Coon Friends follow]"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,God dammit! Let's just face it! We're never gonna have a superhero franchise!
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,It's so unfair.
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,"Come on, fellas. Wu-we can't let Butters win."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Forget it, Fastpass. The world hates us now."
Franchise Prequel,Stan,"Yeah, nobody believes in us."
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,"W-we believe in each other, don't we? [the others look at him] Who cares what everyone else thinks? I joined this franchise because I believe that it can make a lot of money. And being a superhero means you keep believing in that money, no matter how hard things get!"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Fastpass is right. We let all this distract us from what's important. We just need to get the Netflix series and let our superhero franchise speak for itself!
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,"Coon, everybody hates us."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Maybe so, but we know who we are! We are Coon Friends because we care about each other. Because we have each other's back! And when things look their darkest, these heroes will stand together! [Heidi walks up behind him] And we'll-!"
Franchise Prequel,Heidi,"Hey babe, what's up? [Cartman stands still a moment, then deflates. Several seconds later he sighs heavily a couple of times, closes his eyes, sniffle and groans, and puts his right hand over his right eye. He's at a loss for words as Heidi's smile fades] What are you up to?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"[soft voice] Nothing, just fucking wearing sweet costumes and talking about fighting evil, is that okay?"
Franchise Prequel,Heidi,I just- I thought we were meeting at the park. You didn't text or anything.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"[soft voice, to himself] Oh my God, are you fucking kidding me right now?"
Franchise Prequel,Heidi,"Sorry! I won't interrupt! [turns around and walks off, Cartman watches her walk off with a concerned look on his face, then turns back to the other Coon Friends and continues his speech]"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Because we are Coon and Friends, and as long as we have each other, we can do anything!"
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The Tweak residence, day. Richard and his wife pull into their driveway, leave the car, and head for the front door."
Franchise Prequel,Richard,"I swear, that was the worst public speaker I've ever seen. What was Mark Zuckerberg's point?"
Franchise Prequel,Mrs. Tweak,I don't even understand what that was about.
Franchise Prequel,Richard,Guess nobody realized that Mark Zuckerberg was such a penis.
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,The living room. The Tweaks enter and find Zuckerberg on their sofa eating a bowl of chips.
Franchise Prequel,Richard,What the hell?
Franchise Prequel,Mrs. Tweak,It's Mark Zuckerberg.
Franchise Prequel,Richard,"I know who it is! [to Zuckerberg] Excuse me, what are you doing here?!"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,I was invited here by people.
Franchise Prequel,Richard,We invited you to come speak to our community about our problems!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"[assumes a fighting stance] Ah, I see what you did there. Trying to block me, riiight? I'm tired of eating chips. What else is there? [makes his way to the kitchen and opens the refrigerator]"
Franchise Prequel,Richard,Hey! Get out of our fridge!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Ha ha ha, this puny refrigerator could not block me. What makes you think you can?"
Franchise Prequel,Richard,Now you listen here! I will not-! [Zuckerberg puts up his left arm and holds it out as if creating a force field for blocking]
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Ha ha ha ha, you are no match for my shtoile."
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The supermarket parking lot, day. The Stotches reach their car and get in. As they buckle up, Mark jumps into the back seat."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"So, where are we headed? Perhaps we should get some food."
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,"What, eh. Excuse me, this is our car?!"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,You call this a car? It wasn't even remotely able to block me. What is this car's shtoile?
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,"Get, get out of here, ya penis."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,Ha ha ha ha. You say I am a penis and yet I am not a penis.
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Netflix corporate offices, day. In a room full of telephone operators, one of them takes a call."
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"Netflix, you're greenlit. Who am I speaking with?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"[from home] Uh yes, hello. We have an idea for a show that we think would be great for Netflix."
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"Okay, great. Would you like a pilot or just go straight to an order of six episodes?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,We'd like to go right into six episodes with a pickup option at the end of three.
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,Got it. Can you start shooting next month?
Franchise Prequel,Operator 2,Got a show about transsexual dragons here.
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Yes. We are ready to start right now. We are very, very excited."
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"Okay, sounds great, we'll send you the contracts. Oh, and uh, what's the show about?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,It's a stand-alone series about a superhero called the Coon before he joins Coon and Friends.
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"Coon and Friends? You mean, the kids I just read about in the news who stabbed Jessica Alba?"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"Look, you didn't, you didn't read that on the news you read that on Facebook!"
Franchise Prequel,Stan,"Aw man, here we go."
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"Yeah, ah, dangit, we've never done this before, but I'm afraid I'm gonna have to pass on your show."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Listen to me! There are falsehoods about us on Facebook that are NOT TRUE!
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"Well then, you should have those things taken down. It can't be that hard."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,It's a lot harder than you think!
Franchise Prequel,Operator 1,"L-look, we'd love to approve your show, but you need to get those things cleared up first, okay? Thanks for calling. [hangs up and takes the next call] Netflix, you're greenlit. Who am I speaking with?"
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Coutnry Kitchen Buffet, evening. As an elderly couple eats dinner, Zuckerberg walks up tp them, sits down and takes the man's soup bowl without asking, and starts eating."
Franchise Prequel,Elderly Man,What the? Who are you?
Franchise Prequel,Elderly Woman,I believe that's Mark Zuckerberg.
Franchise Prequel,Elderly Man,Hey that's my soup!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"[rises into a fighting stance] So, you are trying to block me, huh? That's fine. What's your shtoile?"
Franchise Prequel,Elderly Man,I don't have a shtoile.
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The Valmer residence, day. Ryan is in the master bathroom brushing his teeth. He finishes and walks back into the bedroom, where he finds Zuckerberg eating chips in his bed."
Franchise Prequel,Ryan,Hey! Get out of my bed!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"I was invited here. I am only making use of a bed for sleeping, yehhhs?"
Franchise Prequel,Ryan,We just wanted you to come share your insights on Facebook!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"[makes some strange motions and sounds] Oh, my head, my head. [makes more strange motions and sounds] You should have worked with me when you had the chance. Now you lie over there, dead."
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The abandoned Circuit City store, day. Inside, Butters looks down from the second floor at his working staff."
Franchise Prequel,Butters,Attention employees. Kelly Shmidt has just written her 100th fake blog post that was shared over a thousand times on Facebook. Let's hear it for Kelly! [the staffers clap] Don't forget about those Chaos incentives! You too can benefit from pandemonium. [smiles. Coon and Friends show up and walk through the front doors]
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Butters!
Franchise Prequel,Adam,"Whoa no, it's Coon and Friends! [he and the other staffers hide under their desks]"
Franchise Prequel,Chaos #35,Oh no!
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"Calm down, everyone. Stick to your work. I will deal with these trespassers."
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,"We're here to put an end to you, Chaos!"
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,Yeah! I don't have buttsex with antelopes and Token doesn't poop in girls' mouths!
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"It's the 21st century, gentlemen! There's nothing illegal about what I'm doing."
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,Yeah? Nothing illegal about us kicking your ah...ass either.
Franchise Prequel,Butters,"Actually, that IS illegal. And besides, you can't do anything to me. [whistles. Zuckerberg emerges from the back of the store on the second floor, flips over the balcony, and lands in front of Butters]"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Bwaaaaaa! So, this is the Coon and Friends that you have told me about. [to the Coon Friends] I warn you, my fighting shtoile is unsurpassed."
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,Who the ss-Sam Hell is th-that?
Franchise Prequel,Clyde,I think that's Mark Zuckerberg.
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"You want to get to Butters, riiight? You're gonna have to get through me, huuuh?!"
Franchise Prequel,Stan,"Dude, this kid is deliberately lying about us on your platform for no other reason than to cause harm! Why are you protecting him?!"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,Simple. He paid me $17.23.
Franchise Prequel,Butters,It's the Facebook Safeguard program. Just $17 monthly gets you personal protection from Mark Zuckerberg.
Franchise Prequel,Mark,Come on! What's your shtoile?
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"The Park County Police Station, day. The townsfolk are gathered in front of it, protesting. Sgt. Yates begins to speak."
Franchise Prequel,Sgt. Yates,"Alright, alright, everyone calm down! I can't hear over all of you. [the crowd quiets down]"
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,You have to do something! This guy's goin' around acting like everyone's stuff is his!
Franchise Prequel,Thomas,I'm sick of getting out of the shower to find Mark Zuckerberg sitting on my toilet!
Franchise Prequel,Steve,Zuckerberg ate everything in our freezer and then helped himself to my wife's lubricant! [the crowd begins to clamor again]
Franchise Prequel,Sgt. Yates,"Alright, everyone, I just want to know one thing. Who invited him here? [the crowd falls silent] Come on. Who invited Mark Zuckerberg to town in the first place? [the folks hang their head in shame]"
Franchise Prequel,Randy,We did. [other townsmen say the same thing]
Franchise Prequel,Sgt. Yates,Huh? What's that?
Franchise Prequel,Randy,We invited Mark Zuckerberg to town.
Franchise Prequel,Sgt. Yates,"Uh huh, that's what I thought. You all brought Mark Zuckerberg into your lives and now you want the police to shoot him."
Franchise Prequel,Stephen,"Please, you don't understand! He-h he's such a penis!"
Franchise Prequel,Thomas,"Yeah, and I'm pretty sure his voice is dubbed and he does all his own sound effects."
Franchise Prequel,Sgt. Yates,"Well that doesn't mean he's done anything illegal. Now, the police will help deal with Mark Zuckerberg, but we aren't going to shoot him."
Franchise Prequel,The crowd,Awwwwww!
Franchise Prequel,Sgt. Yates,"I'm sorry, that's just the way it is. You all should've thought harder about this before letting him into your lives."
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"Cartman's basement, day. Coon and Friends are gathered around the Coon table waiting."
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,"When we all became superheroes, we took an oath. that no matter what it took, we would all make shitloads of money. But thanks to Mark Zuckerberg, right now, we are a superhero group that can't even get a show on Netflix."
Franchise Prequel,Kenny,Zuckerberg is the key. He's the only person who can shut down Facebook.
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,How are we gonna get him to do that?
Franchise Prequel,Cartman,We're gonna beat him at his own game.
Franchise Prequel,Scene Description,"South Park, day, one end of town. The police have set up a roadblock consisting of four police cars, a fire truck, and an ambulance."
Franchise Prequel,Barkley,We got the west entrance to town secure. How are you guys doing out east?
Franchise Prequel,Foley,Here he comes... [looks left and walks towards the roadblock. Zuckerberg walks towards town slowly]
Franchise Prequel,Barkley,"Okay, Mr. Zuckerberg, that's gonna have to be it. Can't let you into town."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"So, you think you can block me."
Franchise Prequel,Barkley,"Look, people don't want you here, okay? This is a quiet little town and-"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,Ha ha ha! You cannot block me!
Franchise Prequel,Barkley,"But there's plenty of other places you could go, sir. Can you please just- [Zuckerberg strikes some poses and makes some odd sounds] Don't, don't do that, please."
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"[continues making strange sounds and begins moving through the roadblock] My brain, my brain. [more strange sounds]"
Franchise Prequel,Barkley,He walked though.
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"[more strange sounds] Oh my car, my car. [more strange sounds and motions] Oh my God it's Mark Zuckerberg. [more strange sounds and motions] Oh my God how'd he do that? [more strange sounds and motions. Jimmy zooms across the street behind him. He turns around, and Jimmy passes by three more times behind him]"
Franchise Prequel,Jimmy,What's the matter? Too f-fast for ya?
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Ha ha ha, you saw me walk right through the police barricade and yet you think you can block me, riiight? Go ahead and try. [Jimmy walks up to him and between his legs to the other side. Both of them are making their own sound effects]"
Franchise Prequel,Token,"[jumps into view] Now, Zuckerberg! Let me see you block my shtoile!"
Franchise Prequel,Mark,Ha ha ha ha ha! [they both make their own sound effects and move around]
Franchise Prequel,Kyle,[appeaers and approaches Zuckerberg] Bwa! Dadadadadadadada bam! [punches him in the groin]
Franchise Prequel,Mark,Oh... [falls over his his hands over his privates. The other Coon Friends rush in and kick him on all sides] Hagh. Ow. I have never witness this shtoile before.
Franchise Prequel,Thomas,"Hey look! The freaky costume kids are getting Zuckerberg! Get him, kids!"
Franchise Prequel,Randy,Poop in his mouth!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"[Zuckerberg stands up and throws them all off. He then takes on Jimmy, Kyle, and Token individually and defeats them] Rwaaaar!"
Franchise Prequel,Coon Friends,[hitting the ground] Aaaah!
Franchise Prequel,Mark,"Ha ha ha, you tried to match my shtoile and failed!"
