Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Well, young lady, I'm afraid that we don't offer breast reduction surgery to girls of your age."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,Why not? Britney Spears got fake ones when she was a teenager. Why can't I have mine taken off?
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,Because making breasts larger is a beautiful and wonderful thing. Making them smaller is... insane.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,I think it's insane to want them bigger.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,Why do you... hate your breasts so?
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,Ever since I got these stupid things everyone treats me differently. I feel like I might be treated differently the rest of my life.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Oh, come on now, that's just silly."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Blonde nurse,"[nice shape, walks in with a folder] Here's the Anderson file, Doctor."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"[looks up, looks down and grins, then looks up again] Oh, awesome. Thank you so much, Jillian. That's great. Oh, God-damn. Thank you so much. [The nurse walks out. Bebe lowers her eyelids halfway]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Brunette nurse,"[not as nicely shaped, walks in with a cup and plate] And here's the coffee you wanted, doctor."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"[quickly, subdued, looks askance] Yeah, whatever. Get out of here. [the nurse walks out, and he addresses Bebe again] Now, I was saying?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,"Please, you have to help me. I think that if my breasts keep growing this way, boys will give me whatever I want."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Yeah, so? That's great, isn't it?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,"No it's not, because if I grow up getting everything I want, having things made easy for me because I have hot knockers, then I'm gonna grow up to be a lame person. If I'm handed everything in life, then my chances of becoming a lawyer or a marine biologist are zero."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"That may be true, but I'm afraid I just cannot ethically perform a breast-reduction surgery on an eight-year-old girl."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,Damnit!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"If, on the other hand, you'd like to make them a little bigger, I think now might be the right time to size up, hm?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,"Oh, fuck off! [walks off in disgust]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. In the dining room Randy reads the paper. Sharon enters."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Sharon,"Randy, could you have a talk with Stanley?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,Why? What's the matter with him?
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Sharon,"It's just that, well, he's been acting a little different lately. [Randy looks. In the living room Stan has taken out his crayons and drawn some figures on the wall]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,"[disheveled, in his primal state] Aaaa-ta. [starts drawing another boob. The wall is covered with them, singly or in pairs. One stick-figure woman has a large pair] Aaaa-ta."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Sharon,"He's been ignoring his homework, and, all of his friends. I can't figure out why."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,[picks up a stick and moves it around] Aaaa-ta. Aaaa-ta.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,Ohhh boy. Looks like he's starting to notice breasts.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Sharon,[relieved and proud] Oh yes. Our little Stanley is starting to become a man. [Randy leaves his seat at the table and approaches Stan]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,"[points to the wall with his stick] Ahta. Ah, ahta!"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,"Hey there, son."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,[turns to face his father] Hoh? Ahta. [points to the wall] Ahta.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,"Yes, ahta. Let's have a talk, Stan."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,Ahta.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,"Stan, as you get older, boobs - bu-these ""ahta"" will start becoming a major part of your life."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,Ahta? [Sharon walks behind Randy and sits on one of the sofa's arms]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,"But Stanley, you can't let them get in the way of your friends. There are a lot of boobs out there, son. But they're just boobs; your friends... are forever."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,[considers each argument] Friends. Ahta.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,"I know you think this set of boobs is important now, but those boobs will be replaced by another set of boobs. Boobs will come and go, and then, someday, [places his left hand on Sharon's right shoulder. She smiles] you'll meet a pair of boobs that you want to marry. And those become the boobs that matter the most."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Sharon,[putting her right arm around Randy] I love you.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Randy,"If you can just understand that, Stanley, you'll see that boobs hold no real power at all."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Scene Description,"Bebe's house, night. The house is dark, so she's asleep. The camera zooms in on her, and her breasts start to blink under her gown."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Right breast,The boys are at war. All is going as planned.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Left breast,Yes. Soon all the boys will be brought to their knees.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Right breast,We grow larger every day.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Left breast,And stronger.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Right breast,Soon the entire tow- [Bebe awakens]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Left breast,Sh! Sh! She's awake!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Right breast,"Ah, quiet."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,[shrieks and kicks her blanket off] MOM!! MOM!!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Stevens,"[rushes to Bebe's room and enters] What is it, Bebe?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,[scared] My breasts!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Stevens,"[approaches the bed, sits, and holds her] Oh, sweetheart, you're just becoming a young lady."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,"No, they're conspiring! Mom, they were talking! They wanna destroy the town!"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Stevens,"[beat] Yes, darling, your breasts have a power that will unleash itself as you get older. They feed off the misery of boys and grow to bring woe wherever they can. You're blossoming into a woman. [hugs her]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,That does it! I'm NOT letting these things run my life!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Scene Description,"Hell's Pass Hospital, day. Dr. Hallis walks in with a file and quickly addresses his prospective client."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Young lady, are you absolutely sure you want to consider this kind of procedure for your breasts?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Wendy,Yes! I want to get breast implants!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Testaburger,I tried to tell her she was too young.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Well, it is a different time, Mrs. Testaburger. Society puts a lot of pressure on your daughter to look her best. Having small breasts can make her feel unimportant."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Testaburger,[considers the doctor's argument...] But she's eight!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Yes, well, not too young to feel flat and therefore, not pretty."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Wendy,That's what I said.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"However, young lady, I'm afraid breast implants are not for everyone. [takes out a notepad] I'll need to carefully assess your physical and mental condition to see if augmentation is truly the best way for you to go."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Wendy,"I have three thousand dollars, cash. [her mom blanches]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"[quickly disposes of the pad and pen, then rises and leaves the desk] You pass. Let's do this thing."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Testaburger,"[mortified] Oh, wait. You're gonna do it right now?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,Suuure. Breast augmentation is now a very simple procedure. [holds Wendy's right arm up and points to the armpit] What we do is make a small incision in the armpit where it won't be seen. Then we take this little plastic bag and gently place it in the chest where we fill it with salt water.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mrs. Testaburger,I still don't know about this.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"Look. Us plastic surgeons have one philosophy. If we can help someone's self-esteem a little, then why not do it if they have three thousand dollars?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Scene Description,"Operating room, moments later. Wendy is hooked up and sedated. The first incision is made to the left armpit and the flesh pulled back hard. The nurse hands the doctor the first implant, which he shoves in Wendy's chest."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Dr. Hallis,"[shove] Cha! [shove] Gotta! [shove] Jam it! [shove] Up there! [shove] Get! [shove] In! [shove] There! [shove] You! [shove] Bitch! [shoves faster] Get! [shove] In! [shove] There! [shove] You! [shove] Bitch! [the implant is finally in place; everything is covered in blood] Hah! [wipes his brow] Okay, there's one, Wendy. Doing great."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Scene Description,"South Park Elementary, day. Mr. Mackey is back teaching the class. The kids are at their seats. The boys are being apes, and the girls look scared."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay. Kids, we need to talk about your failing grades."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Clyde,[in primal mode] Bebe! Where Bebe?! Bebe! Bebe! [he and a few others grunt a bit]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, we all need to start studying more and fighting less, m'kay? [the grunts start up again]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bradley,Bebe! [more grunts.]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,Ahta! [more grunts. Bebe enters wearing a cardboard box over her clothes. The boys quiet down.]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,"Hey guys. [a few boys grunt back with ""Hi!!"" ""Hey."" ""Hm."" as she heads for her seat. The boys are confused.]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Craig,Have you guys noticed that Bebe isn't as cool as she used to be? [Bebe smiles at her uncoolness]
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Token,Yeah. What the hell happened to us?
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,Oh my God. I get it now. It was Bebe's boobs.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Cartman,Bebe's boobs?
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,Oh cool! It worked!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,Don't you guys see? Boobs... do something to our brains. They fill our brains with illusions.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Kyle,Sssss-so ...Bebe ...didn't become smart and cool? It was just her boobs?
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,Yes!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Cartman,"So, Bebe is actually just as lame as she ever was?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Bebe,Right. My boobs just clouded your judgment.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Kyle,But that sucks. I don't want something to have that much power over me.
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Stan,"I don't think it will, you guys, as long as we realize it. We must learn to control their power over us."
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Clyde,Yeah. Screw boobs! They're stupid!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Craig,"I'm sorry for fighting, you guys. [all the boys leave their seats and start apologizing to each other, hugging each other]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Mr. Mackey,"[moved by this display of affection] Aw, that's so sweet, m'kay?"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Clyde,Let's never let boobs come between us again!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,The Boys,Hear Hear!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Kyle,Boobs are stupid!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Wendy,"[enters with her new, ample implants] Hi, everybody. [the boys look at her for a long while, then start laughing heartily. Wendy is stunned at the response]"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Clyde,Look at those ridiculous things!
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Butters,"[steps up and touches the left breast] Oooo, they're all hard and oogey!"
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society,Cartman,"What a stupid bitch! [the boys start laughing again. Butters is laughing hard, but realizes that his finger is still on Wendy's breast.]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Tweek's house, night. He's on the sofa looking at news."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"[News 4] And in other news, another school shooting has taken place, this time in Idaho. As these kinds of shooting increase, one thing becomes clear: Your children are not safe at school."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Oh God! [frantically fishes for the remote control] Change it! Change it! [finds it and changes channels]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"[News 5] This was the second time a terrorist threat has been made on a theme park, leaving everyone to realize that children are not safe outside."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"Agh! God, change it!! [clicks through a few channels]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"[SNN, with weather bar at bottom] And it seems there's a new danger to look out for: children who are taken by strangers. The bottom line: children are not safe... in their own homes!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[throws a fit] Aaaah!!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,[arrives] Tweek.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Gahahghah!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,"Tweek? Come to the kitchen, sweetie. We need to see you real quick. [leaves. Tweek soon follows]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,Kitchen. Richard is at table as Tweek arrives. Tweek's mom is serving coffee. There are two coffee makers in the background.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Oh God. They're gonna get me.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Sit down and have some coffee, son. [Tweek climbs onto his seat and takes a sip, then several more] Tweek, there's starting to be a lot of reports in the news about children being abducted, and we thought we should talk."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[points to the TV] I s-I saw! Uuuh!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,"You know never to talk to strangers, right Tweek? You can't trust anybody."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[panting] Oh God! Huh!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Now, we don't want to alarm you, son, but we've installed new locks on your bedroom windows and door. It's important for you to know never to unlock them at night for anyone except your mother and I."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[panting] Oh Jesus! Huh!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,"It's just a precaution, sweetie. Probably nothing will ever happen."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Tweek house, after bedtime. Tweek is in his bed having a nightmare."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"No, ...NO! They're gonna get me! [wakes up] GAAAH! Huh, huh, huh-oh, oh God. [holds himself] Uh, just a dream. [gasps. His bedroom windows are open and the curtains are softly blowing in the breeze] OH MY GOD!! [quickly jumps up and closes the windows. Four knocks are heard at the door] GAAAH!! [throws the blanket over his head. Two more knocks, and then]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Voice,"[on the other side of the door] Tweek! This is Officer Daniels! Now, try and stay calm, but we believe an abductor is in your room!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,...Inside my room? Oh God!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Voice,"Give it up, buddy! We've got ya surrounded! Okay, Tweek, I want you to very calmly but quickly walk to the door and come out to us!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"[thinks and looks around] Oh my God! [hops down and makes his way to the door] Oh! Oh! Jesus, see me through this. [opens the door and steps out, only to find a gun to his face. He gasps, then] AAAHH!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Voice,"Bang! [the gun is withdrawn] You're dead, Tweek. [the camera zooms out to show Mr. Tweek holding the gun]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[look up bewildered] What?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"You failed the test, son. Didn't I tell you not to open the door for anybody except your mother and I?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[a bit panicked] Oh God! Oh Jesus!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,"[walks up and stands next to Richard at the doorway] What if that had been a child abductor pretending to be a police officer, Tweek?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"He would have sprayed your brains all over the floor and then taken your body off to the woods. [Tweek shakes his head in frustration and whimpers] You've got to be on your toes, Tweek. Alright, now go to bed and get some rest."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,"'Night, pumpkin. [his dad closes the door and locks it, then the parents go off to bed. Tweek turns to go to bed, but looks distraught]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Bijou, next day. ""Men In Black II"" is showing. Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Tweek walk up to the ticket booth."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,I hope this movie doesn't suck ass.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,It will.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,[orders his ticket first] One please.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"[stopping Cartman] Wait, that's not the usual ticket-taker guy!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,So?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,So? I don't know him!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,"Dude, relax."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,You relax! What if he wants to kill me?! AAAAAAAA!! [runs away]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,"Gah, what the hell do his parents do to him?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Down the road. Tweek is running, but soon tires out. A car pulls up and the driver looks out the passenger window."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Driver,"'Scuse me, is this the right road to Breckenridge."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[looks up] AAH! Uh...
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Driver,"Please, I just need to know if this is ""South Park""?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Get away from meee! [runs off again. The confused driver looks at him go]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"A street corner. Tweek arrives there and stops to catch his breath. An elderly lady walks up and taps his hair. Tweek screams and jumps back. The crossing signal says ""WALK,"" so it's alright for both to cross the street."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Elderly lady,Could you help me across the street?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"I don't know you! [runs across the street] Ah, AAAH!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,The outskirts of town. Tweek is running and arrives at some train tracks. A man in a wheelchair sits between the tracks. He looks behind to see that no one has followed him.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Man in wheelchair,"Oh, hey, kid! [Tweek looks over] Oh, thank God you happened by. My- my chair ran out of juice right on these train tracks. If you hadn't had shown up, well... Well, anyway, could you give me a push?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Huh uh!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Man in wheelchair,"No, no, you don't understand. I'm, I'm paralyzed from the neck down. I push the chair with this device in front of my mouth, but it's it's not working, so you see-"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,I'm not supposed to talk to you!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Man in wheelchair,"Please, this, this isn't funny, kid. You have to help me."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"But it could be a trick! [a train zooms by, taking the paralyzed man with it. Tweek watches it go by] Ugh. That's a pretty good trick."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Tweek house, night. Tweek is again asleep, peacefully. A light fills the room and rouses him from his sleep. At the foot of the bed is a man dressed in a robe. He holds a scepter in his right hand and wears laurel branches on his head. He is glowing, as is the bauble atop the scepter."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,AaaaAAAHH! [hides under his covers]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Man,"[speaking with authority] Relax, Tweek. I am not here to hurt you. I am the Ghost of Human Kindness."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,[peeks out from behind the covers] The Ghost of Human Kindness?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,You have never seen the likes of me before.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,What do you want?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"You have lost faith in humanity, lad. Something I cannot bear to see happen."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"Huh-uh, how can I help it? It seems that everywhere I turn, someone is out to get me."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"That is the world of the news reports. It is the world that adults preoccupy themselves with, but it is not the world as it is."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,It isn't?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,A woman enters the Shady Acres Retirement Community and heads for the front door. Tweek and the ghost arrive and follow her in.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"Look here, Tweek. This woman is on her way to the retirement home. [they arrive at the front door] She doesn't get paid; she volunteers her time to talk with lonely elderly people who want nothing more than a friend. [the woman hugs an elderly lady, then moves on to other folks.] But do you hear about her on the news? No."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"A one-story house, later. Tweek and the ghost reach the front window."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"Now gaze upon this humble house, Tweek. Inside there are two people who have adopted needy children. [a close-up of a man reading to his baby. Two other kids, a Japanese girl and a black boy, sit on the floor listening. The mother arrives with drinks] They were strangers to those kids once. Now they are loving parents."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,The camera looks at a snowy sky with a full moon and pans down. Tweek and the ghost are walking down the highway.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"Now, look here, boy. [a shot of a man changing the front left tire of a Cadillac for an elderly lady. A young woman stands ready with a spare tire] A car has broken down with a flat tire, and two complete strangers have stopped to help. [the man signals for the tire, the woman rolls it to him] Will their kindness be reported on the news tomorrow? I think not."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,South Park. Tweek and the ghost are back in town.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"Are you starting to understand, boy?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,"I think so. You mean that, even though all the news is about murderers and abductors, those kind of people... only make up a very small part of the world."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"That's right, lad. So do you think you can learn to trust people now?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,I'll... try.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"Good. Then why don't you get into the back of my van, and I'll drive you home. [the camera pans to a dirty dilapidated van]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Your van? [flashlights click on and focus on the ghost and at least five squad cars pull up to the two people]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Officer 1,"Alright Johnson, give it up!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"[strikes his scepter to the ground with each expletive] Damn! Damn! Damn! Damn! [four officers close in with guns drawn. Tweek steps aside] Oh, I was so close!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,What the hell is going on?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,"Tweek, Tweek, are you okay?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Did he hurt you, son?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,No.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Detective,Then we aren't too late. His name is Frederick Johnson. He's been abducting children by dressing up like the Ghost of Human Kindness for over a year now.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,The Ghost of Human Kindness,"And I would have gotten away with it again if it weren't for you meddling policemen! [the policemen escort him away. A wide shot shows the Stotches, the Williamses and the Marshes viewing the arrest in their pajamas. Liane Cartman walks up in her gown. She's wearing a facial treatment mask]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Liane,What's going on?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,A stranger was caught trying to abduct the Tweak boy.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,[the Broflovskis arrive in their pajamas] An abductor in our town?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Steve,"Oh my God, what are we gonna do?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"South Park City Hall, next day. The townsfolk are clamoring outside the front door."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mayor McDaniels,"People, people, calm down."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Well, what are we gonna do, Mayor?! We have to stop these abductors from being able to get into our town!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,Rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble...
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mayor McDaniels,"Yes, but standing out here yelling ""Rabble rabble rabble"" isn't going to help anything."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Jimbo,"Well, we don't know what else to do, Mayor!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,Rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mayor McDaniels,"[gestures for them to quiet down, and they do] People, what do you think we need to do?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Gerald,"[thinks] Uh, well, we need to find a way to close our town off from unwanted strangers!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"Yes, we need a barrier to protect our kids."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Wait, that's it. A wall. We could build a huge city wall all around South Park so that we have complete control over who comes in."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"That's... not a bad idea, a city wall."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,But who can we get to build it?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"City Wok, later. Several adults are in the restaurant."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mayor McDaniels,"...And so, we want you to design and build a great wall, all around the city."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,I don' build wall. I just own un' operate City Wok.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Gerald,We just think that you're the best person to put up a wall. We're sure you've got it in your blood.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"[thinks a moment] Oh, I get it. Just because I Chinese, you think I build wall. That i' bullshit! I'm not stereotype, okay?! Just because I'm Chinese doesn't mean I go around building wall! I'm just a normal person like all o'you! I eat ahrice and drive ahreally slow, just like the rest o'you! I'm not stereotype!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Please, Mr. Tuong Lu Kim."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,Your ancestors put up a great wall that kept Mongolians out for thousands of years. We know you can do it for us.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Outside South Park, some weeks later. A great wall has gone up around South Park, enclosing it like a medieval wall. This is the Great Wall of South Park. Tuong, dressed in his restaurant's uniform, is laying down some bricks. He hears some horses and look up. Some Mongolians have arrived and drawn their swords. They chip away at the wall."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Hey. Hey hey! [rushes over to the gap the Mongolians are creating] Hey, what the hell you doing?! [the Mongolian leader says a few words] Mongorians? What the hell Mongorians doing here? [the Mongolians keep attacking the wall] Ey, fuck you, Mongorians! Tryin' break down my wall! [starts throwing bricks at the Mongolians] Get out of here, fuckin' Mongorians! [the Mongolians turn and ride away] God-damnit, how come every time us Chinese put up a wall, stupid Mongorians have to come and knock it down?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"South Park, now encircled by the Great Wall, later."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, living room. Stan is on the sofa watching TV. His parents enter. Randy is carrying a box."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Stan, our abduction problems are over. We got the new Child Tracker."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,Child Tracker?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,It's a little electrical device that can tell us where you are anywhere on Earth.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"If anybody takes you, we'll be able to locate your exact location within two meters."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Moments later, Randy finishes installing the Tracker, and both parents smile."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"There, I think that's got it. [Stan is now wearing a very elaborate helmet with several antennae, a red light, and a small satellite dish sitting on top.]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"...Dude, no way! I'm not wearing Child Tracker!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,You can barely even tell you have one on.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,I'm not going to school like this! What will all the other guys say?!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,I wouldn't worry about that.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"School bus stop, next day. Stan is wearing his tracker. Kyle, Cartman, and Tweek are wearing their own trackers. All trackers are activated."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,"So weak. So weak, dude. Man."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,"Why did you go and have to be abducted, Tweek? Now all our parents are freaking out!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,I didn't mean to.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,The Great Wall of South Park. Tuong finishes the repairs on the damaged section.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Okay. Finary. [looks around] Oh no. [picks up a telescope, with ""Mongolian Telescope written on it and looks through it. He finds the Mongolians attacking the wall at a position far off] It's those God-damned Mongorians again! Stop! Stop right there, Mongorians! [a shot from inside a tower of Tuong running down the rampart] God-damnit, stop! [a far shot of Tuong running down the rampart] Stop breaking down my city wall you stupid Mongoriaaans! [finally arrives at the source of the noise] Ay, you sons of bitches, you- [sees a ruse. Clothes were placed on twigs and a tape player plays a recording of Mongolian noises] What the hell? [straightens up] Oh, shit! [looks off to his right to see the Mongolians attacking the part of the wall he was at before] OH, GOD-DAMNED MONGORIANS!! [runs back along the rampart to the Mongolians] I'm gonna get you, fuckin' Mongorians! Don't break down my city wall! [reaches the new gap and the Mongolians ride away] Oh, God-damnit! [the Mongolian leader says something. Tuong calls out after them] That's the last time you're gonna break down my city wall! You hear me, Mongorians?! [goes about repairing the wall] God-damned Mongorians."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,A baseball field. A cheer comes up from the bleachers. A close-up shows the townsfolk rooting for their Cows.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Alright, Cows, We're gonna go out there and we're gonna give 'em hell! [the boys are wearing their Child Trackers. Cartman is the catcher, Stan is the pitcher]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,"But, wait. Where's the other team? [the field is shown. The opposing bullpen is empty and there are no opposing players on the field. There's no visiting team out there.]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,There is no other team.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,Huh?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Well, we've... put a wall around the city to keep outsiders out. You don't think we want a bunch of strangers coming in to play ball, do you?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"But if there is no other team, then it won't be any fun."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Don't worry, it'll still be fun for us. [takes a sip of his beer. Richard sips from his beer can, then other townsfolk in the bleachers sip from their beer cans. The Cows take positions on the field]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,Go Cows! Go Cows! Go Cows! Go Cows!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Jimbo,"[umpire] Play ball! [Stan looks at the people in the stands, then pitches to Cartman] Steeeeee-riiike!!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,[standing and cheering] Yeah! Woohoo! Yeah!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Crust E. Krotch's Pizza, Corral, night. The town is in there celebrating a victory. Ned is playing ""Thirst For Blood""."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Jimbo,[raises a mug of beer] South Park Cows do it again!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Congratulations on your victory, boys. [Cartman is already eating a slice of pizza]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,"Dude, we weren't playing anybody."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Yeah, and you kicked ass!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,Isn't it awesome havin' a great wall around our city? Nobody in town except for our good friends.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Townsfolk,Yeahah! Alright! Yeah. Right on! Right on!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"[calling attention to the TV] Guys! Sh, quiet everyone. [the news is on]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"[in gray jacket] And this newest study reveals more about child abductions than we apparently knew before, Tom. [the adults move closer to the TV]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,Turn it up.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tom,"[in brown jacket] That's right, Chris. This newest study shows that the majority of child abductions are NOT committed by strangers, but by somebody the child knows in their own town. [the adults start looking at the others around them, at each other.] The report further states that it is because the child trusts the individual that problems occur in the first place."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Chris,"Well, I guess this means the enemy is in our own backyard, so to speak."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tom,"Sure does, Tom."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Chris,"Alright, thanks, Chris. Is the weather going to turn su- [click. The parents go to their kids and they depart one by one]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Well, if you'll all excuse us, I think we'll be going now. [takes Tweek, and the family leaves. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman remain, eating]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Gerald,"[walks up] Yeah. Come along, Kyle [the Broflovskis leave. Stan and Cartman remain]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Stanley, time for us to get back to the house."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,[mouth full] I'm not done with my pizza.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"NOW, Stanley! [whisks him off. Randy follows, looking at Cartman, left all alone with his mom]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,The Great Wall of South Park. Tuong is working on something behind a brick shield.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Eh. Eh, eh, there we go. [pulls out a large weapon] All finished. My Mongolian Missile Defense system. [a bazooka reading ""MONGOLIAN ERADICATOR."" He mounts it on his shoulder and takes aim. Next, he sets it down and drops a missile into it] Those Mongolians try to break down my city wall again, they gonna get a big heat-seeking missile surprise! [hoofbeats are heard and the Mongolians are once again present and ready to attack. Tuong sees them and taunts them] Oh! Hello Mongolians. Yeah. You come to break down my city wall? [the leader holds out a baseball] Oh, you gonna throw that baseball at my wall? [feigns despair] Oh no! Not a baseball! I'm pretty scared. [the leader tosses the ball in the air straight up] Well, you know what? I might have something here that's a little bigger than a baseball. [arms himself with the bazooka, setting it at hip level] Say hello to my little friend! [fires the missile and watches it go towards the Mongolians. One of the Mongolians pours gasoline on the ball. The leader reaches back to get a lighter from another Mongolian and sets the ball on fire. The missile gets close to them. The leader throws the ball at Tuong and the missile follows the ball. The ball hits the wall and drops to the snow. Tuong realizes what this means] Aw, crap. [the missile strikes the ball and blows a new gap into the great wall. After the smoke clears, Tuong is lying in the rubble, clearly hurt] Ooohhhh [the leader draws his sword and the Mongolians have a good laugh about this incident. Then they turn and ride off, laughing.] God-damned Mongolians!! You break down my city wall foda last time!!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"South Park, the bus stop, next day. The parents are present with the boys as they wait for the school bus."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Dude, this is worse than Child Tracker."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"'Sokay, boys. Just act as if we weren't here."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,Right. Do what you normally would do.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,"[volunteers] You're such a fatass, Cartman."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,At least I'm not a stupid Jew.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,What-what-whaaat?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,South Park Elementary. The bell rings and the class begins. Mr. Mackey is at the board.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mr. Mackey,"M'kay, kids, so, now, who can tell me what year the first moon landing took place? [a shot of the class with all parents present] Uh, how about you, Clyde?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,[whispers into Clyde's ear] Nineteen six-
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mr. Mackey,"No helping! [Mr. Donovan looks around, embarrassed, and stands up] M'kay, I'm not really sure havin' all the parents here is a good idea, m'kay?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Well, maybe things would be better if we could trust people like the Stotches!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,Us? Your family's always been the shifty-eyed ones!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Oh yeah?! [the other parents begin to bicker except for Liane who hugs his son.]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mr. Mackey,"Oh, this is too much to take. [goes to his desk, where his own parents wait, and sits down.] Mom, Dad, could you please leave me alone?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mr. Mackey's Father,"We just wanna make sure nobody hurts you, Junior, m'kay?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mr. Mackey,M'kay.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,Great Wall of South Park. Mr. Lu Kim wheels a vat of boiling fluid to one of the openings.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Hahahaha! My masterpiece! [stirs his concoction] When those Mongolians come next time, I pour this sweet and sour pork on their heads. Haha, sweet and sour pork so hot and sticky, Mongolians'll stick ahright up to the wall! And scream ""UhwOoOoOoOoo!"" Oh I can't wait. [hears something to his left. He looks and sees a wooden horse on wheels rolling up to the gate. He studies the horse and tries to think what to make of it] Oh, I get it. A Trojan Mongolian horse. Mongolians a-hiding inside thinking that I'll bring it in city wall, then Mongolians pop out and destroy wall from the inside out without gettin' any sweet and sour pork on their heads! Okay. I'll pray around. [starts to feign gratitude, moves to the rampart above the gate] Oh! Oh rook! Rook, my very own Mongorian Trojan horse! Gee, what a surprise! I guess Mongorians aren't such crappy, smelly people after all! [makes his way down the stairs near a tower and reaches the side door] Yeah. Great! Rwow! [opens the side door and walks over to the horse carrying a fireman's ax.] Yeah, what a great present! I'm just gonna push it inside the gate and show it to all my friends. [pulls down a door handle under the horse. Two doors open above him and release some seweet and sour pork on him, forcing him to the ground. He finds it hard to move around] Oh, it's sweet and sour pork! [The Mongolians ride up again and attack the wall with their swords. Tuong speaks, but his words become less familiar, due to the stickiness of the sauce] Oh! I'm going to get you Nogodians, if it's the last thing I do!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Tweek house, night. The parents are in the living room sitting together on the sofa watching TV and sharing a bag of popcorn. A blanket covers their legs. The surroundings show an iron door where the front door is, and roll-down iron blinds over the windows."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"[News 4] And so all the residents of Manhattan are prepared to evacuate if Ms. Clinton's ass gets any bigger. And in other news, new findings on the increase in child abductions."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Oh Jesus, turn it up, honey!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"The study shows that the most likely abductors of children... are the parents themselves! [the two adults are somewhat stunned] The study reveals that nine out of every ten abduction cases are committed by the child's mother or father. The bottom line being that your children aren't safe, even from you! [Tweek's mom rises from the couch and walks away from it. Richard watches her go]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Where are you going?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,Uh... I'm just going to go upstairs and see if Tweek is still in his bed.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Oh? [puts the popcorn and blanket aside and rises] I think I'll go with you.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,It's okay. I can do it.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,I just want to make sure that you-
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,That I don't abduct him? How do I know that you haven't done it already?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Me? I would never abduct our son!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mrs. Tweak,That's not what the new study says!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"[wipes his forehead, then] Well what are we supposed to do, eh-? How can we protect Tweek from ourselves? [both parents look upstairs]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The families gather on a neighborhood street. The parents are hugging their kids."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[hands Stan some money] Here you go, Stanley. This should hold you over for three years."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,But why do I have to leave?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"The news says that at your age you aren't safe with us, son. You have to get out of here before we abduct you."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Good-bye, son. [hugs Stan and sobs softly] Remember to eat right."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Gerald,"[wistfully] Look out for your brother, Kyle. You're the man now."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"Oh, boys! Don't ever forget that we love you! [Gerald hugs Kyle, Sheila hugs Ike. They begin to cry, and the other adults follow. They leave their kids and huddle, then turn around, crying all the while]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Linda,Be careful out there!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,Where are we supposed to go?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,We can't tell you because we can't know where you are! [turns back to cry with Sharon]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"Oh, this is terrible! [turns and cries with Gerald]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"Go on, kids! Go! Go and don't look back! [turns and hugs his wife. The adults are bawling now. Token is the first to leave, and the other kids follow him]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Good-bye, kids. We'll... never forget you. [the adults continue crying. Stephen pulls out a ram's horn and blows into it a few times]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Dude, sometimes I think our parents are really stupid."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,A Woman,"[in the crowd, crying] Oh my God."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Great Wall of South Park, day. Tuong is still congealed under the sweet and sour sauce the Mongolians dumped on him, but the Trojan Mongolian horse is gone. A dog walks by and sniffs."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Ah. Hey daw. O'er 'ere. O'er 'ere, dog. Got som'in sweet and souh foh ya. [the dog walks over and starts licking the sauce away] Good dog! That's it! Keep licking, dog!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"Some time later. Tuong runs along the ramparts of the wall, finally freed from the sweet and sour pork that had held him in place."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Hahahahahaaa! I'm free, Mongolians! And now I'm gonna make you PAY!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Marsh house, night. Randy is at the sofa watching the news."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,News anchor,"Finally, some good news tonight. It's been several days since any child abductions have taken place. The main reason: parents don't know where their children are. [Sharon, at the window, sighs. Randy turns and looks at her. Snow flakes float down outside]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,What's the matter? [stands up]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Oh, it's just... I was wondering if Stan's okay."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[walks up to her] Oh, I'm sure he's made it somewhere safe by now. [puts his hand on her back]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Do you really think we did the right thing, Randy? Sending all the young kids in town off to live on their own?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[faces her, makes her face him] Sweetheart, you saw the news..."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,I know. [they turn back to the window]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Don't you worry. I'm sure that Stan and all the other kids are somewhere safe, off in a whole new city by now, making a new life for themselves."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"A Mongolian camp outside the Great Wall of South Park, night. The Mongolians are roasting and enjoying small animals, and drying the hides near a tent. The town's kids are now with them, wearing new clothes."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Leader,Tah tane da ke ab kahleh kalabush.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Bi ologad bag, big nan dastai. [the Mongolians laugh]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mongolian,[in blue] De bandig baeakhalah?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Cartman,Tawya mea pleda cleah bleah.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tweek,Triben fak burushban.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,All,Shain balag!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Scene Description,"The Great Wall of South Park, day. Tuong pops up outside the wall dressed in imperial attire."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Awright, Mongolians! Your only way through this wall is through me. This is my rast stand! I'm gonna do my war dance now. [begins a chant and dances for a few seconds, then stops] Does my war dance ascare you, Mongolians? Yeah, you think you want a piece of this? [resumes his dance. Seeing Tuong engrossed in his dance, the children move some explosives to a spot against the wall. Token peeks to make sure everything is in place. The kids then walk back to the Mongolians, past Tuong...] This is ancient Chinese dance of a- Oh, herro kids. Uh be careful, there's a-Mongolians up there. [resumes his dance as the kids line up before the Mongolians. Stan hands the detonator to the Mongolian leader, who holds it for a while. Tuong notices the wire stretching between the Mongolians and the explosives against the wall] Oh, crap! [the explosives blow up, knocking Tuong towards the Mongolians and leaving a big gap in the wall. The kids and the Mongolians have a good laugh. The adults in town come to see the commotion]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,What's going on?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Liane,I heard an explosion.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"[battered, comes into view] God-damned Mongolians attacked city wall again! [The kids and the Mongolians have a good laugh again.]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Millard Anderson,Mongolians?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,What the hell are they doin' here?! Rabble! Rabble rabble!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Adults,Rabble rabble rabble rabble!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,Wait a minute. Those Mongolians are... our children. [a shot of the kids and Mongolians]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,Ike? Kyle?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,My son has become a Mongolian? No! Noooo!! [buries her head in Randy's chest]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Oh God. What have we done? We sent our children away, and now they don't even remember who they are."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,Kids? Don't you remember us?
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Wait wait. I learned some Mongolian in college. [steps forth] Ah, let's see. Uh. K-kids, uh, Bi kute. Bi salnek kute. Uh-d tah tasobarro."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"[""Budu e noo""] Oh my God, our parents are so stupid, dude. [squeezes his eyes shut and buries his face in his right hand]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,Bi kute.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"We are your parents. You used to live here, with us."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Kyle,"Yeah, it was like four days ago!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,They're starting to remember.
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,[walks quickly and kneels next to Stan] Staaan. Your name... is Staaan!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"Uh huh, Stan Marsh."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"[holds Stan firmly] That's it! Remember, son! Rememmmber! [the rest of the parents rush out and hug their own kids, crying in relief]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"We're sorry, Tweek!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"Are you okay, Clyde?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,"[Butters' parents hug the wrong person - the Mongolian leader] Oh, son, can you ever forgive us?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Butters,"Huh, I'm over here, Dad."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,Oh. [he and Linda rush to hug him]
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sheila,"We're sorry, kids. We just let all those sensationalist news reports go to our heads."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"Oh my God, do you see what this means? The Ghost of Human Kindness was right all along."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Roger,"You mean how he said we should trust each other, or how he abducted children?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Richard,"The uh... no, the part about being more trusting. We should follow what he said, not what he did."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Adults,"Wow, yeah. Oh yeah."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"No, no. You know who was right all along? The Mongolians. [a shot of the Mongolians] They knew that you just can't wall yourself off from the outside world. Putting walls up never helps anything. Tearing them down brings us together."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Adults,Whoa! Wow. Right!
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stephen,"Yeah, the Mongolians were right. Yeah."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Aw, you'd better not say what I think you're gonna say."
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Mayor McDaniels,"Mr. Lu Kim, tear down this wall!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Tuong Lu Kim,"Oh, God! I hate this whole shitty!"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Sharon,"Randy, can we just take our son home now?"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Randy,"Yes, kids. [steps forward] With us, now come. Home. Hoomme. [all turn and walk towards town through the gap in the great wall]"
Child Abduction is Not Funny,Stan,"[to Kyle] Jesus Christ, dude, they've done some stupid crap before, but Jesus Christ. [faces forward and continues walking]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, city sidewalk, day. Stan, Cartman and Kyle head for a bright, colorful store called ""Lolly's Candy Factory."" Cartman carries three buckets: two on his back, supported by a crossbar, and a huge one on his head. The proprietor, Lolly, opens the door and sets a sign so it reads ""OPEN,"" thus starting his business day. On his red apron is a large yellow lollipop with ""LOLLY"" printed over it. The boys stop and look."
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,"[notices the kids and straightens up] Oh, hello there, kids! Welcome to Lolly's Candy Shop."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,We're the kids whose names you called on your commercial last night. We're here to do the shopping spree!
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Oh that's great!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,You bet your fat clown ass it is!
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Okay! Well I'll just need your ticket stub.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[the boys' jaws drop a bit] ...ticket stub?
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,You know. When you entered the contest you got the other half of this ticket. [display the store's half of the ticket]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Oh shit. Who had the ticket stub?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,It was such a long time ago!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Wu-we don't really ""need"" the ticket stub, do we?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Don't need the ticket stub?? Are you high?? How else do I know you're the winners?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Because our names were called on the commercial last night!
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,"Sh-orry boys. No ticket stub, no candy shopping spree. If you find it, you can come back, but you only have one week to claim the prize. That's called ""The Ticking Clock."" Works great in the movies. [steps backwards into the store and closes the door. The boys look at the door for a few seconds, then Cartman turns and steps forward]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[drops the buckets] GODDAMMIT!!!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,We've gotta find that ticket!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Which one of us took it?! It was so long ago, I c- I can't remember."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"You guys we've got to focus! We've got to focus, and remember. [Zoom in on Cartman, who starts remembering...]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Lolly's Candy Factory, over a year ago. Kenny is still alive back then."
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,[hands a ticket stub to Stan] All right. There you go. Hold on to that ticket stub. You'll need it to claim your prize. [looks at the rest of the store] Sign up for the five-minute shopping spree!! [walks off]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[hands the stub to Cartman] You hold on to this, Cartman. I might lose it."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[takes it, then hands it to Kyle] Nah, I'll lose it for sure. You keep track of it, Kyle."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Okay. [takes it, then has second thoughts] N-no, ah I don't want that much responsibility. Here, you hold on to it, Kenny. [hands the stub to Kenny]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,(Okay.) [takes it and pockets it]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Back to the present. The boys realize Kenny was the last to hold the stub as their mouths open.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[bolts away] Kenny!!!
A Ladder to Heaven,"Stan, Kyle",[following quickly] AAAHHH!! [the buckets stay on the ground and the boys rush to Kenny's house]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, later. The boys arrive gasping for air and Kyle rings the doorbell."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,[opens the door] Yes?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Where's Kenny??
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,Uh... boys... Kenny died ...last December. Don't you remember?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"We know he's dead. We mean, where is his body??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"His body? Well, why??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Because he has the God-damned ticket for the-!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[shuts Cartman up quick and stumbles for words] Uh, look. We just really miss our friend and, ah, andand we need to see his remains for closure."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Yeah. Closure.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[muffled] What the fuck is closure?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,Oh all right boys. Come on in. [the boys follow the McCormicks in]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, inside. The boys follow the parents through the house."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"We haven't seen you boys for so long, we thought you'd forgotten all about him."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Here he is, boys. Our dear little Kenny. [an urn is shown, with pictures of Kenny on either side of it.]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,You turned him into a teapot?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"No. That's an urn, boys. Kenny's inside it."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Your friends are here to see you, Kenny. [picks up the urn and caresses it.] They miss you an awful lot, like we all do. [starts crying]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"Thang-thanks for coming by, boys. Ih-ih, it means a lot to us. [turns to his wife and consoles her] Aw now, honey. [joins her in sobbing]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Kenny's house, nighttime, living room. A circle appears on a window and that piece of window is removed. Cartman sets the circle down and looks around. He reaches up to open the window latch, then opens the window door. He slips in and goes for the urn. He pulls out a fake detector and moves it around."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Wewewewewewe...
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,[climbs up to the window and looks in] Did you get it? [Kyle climbs up next to him]
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Hold on, I'm checking for robot guards. [resumes the detection] Wewewewewewe..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"There's not gonna be any robot guards, retard! Just get Kenny! [Cartman looks back at the boys angrily, gets Kenny's urn, and climbs back out the window. Seconds later, a robot guard does indeed move through the living room...]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Robot Guard,Wewewewewewe...
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Cartman's house, night, kitchen. The boys rush to the counter and climb up on the stools."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Alright, we made it!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kenny'd better have the ticket stub with him in there!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Let him out, Cartman! [Cartman opens the urn and the boys duck]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,...Kenny? [the boys lose their fear and rise up to look at the urn] Kenny?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Is he in there?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,I can't see. [Cartman pours out the ashes and the boys sneeze from the fine powder until it dissipates. Some ash smudges remain on their faces.]
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,What the hell is this?! Chocolate milk mix?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,I knew Kenny couldn't fit in that tea pot! [Cartman samples the ashes]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,It was a trick!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,God-damnit! This isn't even GOOD chocolate milk mix!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kenny's parents must be laughing pretty hard about now! We're dumb enough to believe Kenny's body could be in a teapot!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Why would they play such a cruel joke on us?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Egh, because they're poor, Kyle! Poor people don't have anything better to do than piss other people off! Don't you watch Springer?!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,We just have to face it. We're not gonna get Kenny back and we're not gonna have our shopping spree. It's over! [gets off his stool and walks away.]
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Goddamnit! There has to be a way! [leaves his stool and follows Stan out. Cartman looks at the ashes, then thinks of something]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Hmmm. [leaves his stool and returns with some milk, a glass, and a spoon. He scoops up some ashes and drops them into the glass. He pours the milk onto the ashes, stirs them up, and drinks the milk ] Hmm, not bad. [scoops some more ashes into the milk]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Cartman's room, night. The empty glass sits on his nightstand. The camera zooms out to show Cartman sleeping with Clyde Frog. Cartman tosses in his bed and his dream appears. A circle appears. Outside of the circle is a lining to a jacket. Inside is someone's point of view. The surroundings seen in that circle indicates that this is Kenny's point of view. Kenny seems to be walking around in his own room. Kenny's arm appears and opens the door, and Kenny's mom appears at the end of the hall."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Hurry up, Kenny! You're gonna be late for school! [the dream ends abruptly]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[sits up, eyes wide open] Huh! ... I don't think that chocolate milk mix agreed with my stomach. [growls a bit, turns to sleep, and farts. The door flies open and Stan and Kyle rush in]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Cartman, come on!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[sits up again] What what? [sees who it is] Jesus, you buttholes! It's six in the morning!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kyle figured out a way to get our winning ticket stub back from Kenny!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,How?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"A ladder to heaven. [unfolds some blueprints] We build it, climb up, and get our winning ticket back from that asshole Kenny."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Stan's house, day. The blueprints are in place on an easel. The design is a slender tower rising some 120 feet into the sky. The camera pulls back to show the boys hammering boards into place. Stan's parents step outside to see the construction."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Hey, if you boys are building a clubhouse you should start with the floor."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[going for some more wood] We're not building a clubhouse, we're building a ladder to heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"A ladder to heaven? Why, son?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Because we wanna see Kenny again. [heaves a piece of wood back to the tower]
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,"[after a moment of though] Oh... oh, that's so sweet."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,That's the ...s-s-saddest thing I've ever heard.
A Ladder to Heaven,Jimbo,"[approaching] Hey Randy, can I borrow your uh... [sees the boys' activity] What the hell are they doing?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"The boys wanna see their dead friend Kenny again, Jimbo, so they're... building a ladder to heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Jimbo,Awwww.
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"[arriving with Gerald] Kyle, I think you've bothered the Marshes enough."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"No, it's... alright, Sheila. The boys were just... building a ladder to heaven to see their old friend, Kenny."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,A ladder tuh... Oh... oh God. [begins to sob]
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"Oh, that's so touching. [begins to sob. All the adults begin to cry. The boys continue building]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Behind Stan's house, day. A reporter has arrived and now begins his report."
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,"Tom, I'm standing in South Park, Colorado, where last December, eight-year-old Kenny McCormick died of a terminal illness. But now, that little boy's three closest friends miss their friend so much that they are building a ladder to heaven, in order to- [chokes as the camera reaches the tower, then gathers himself] a ladder to heaven in order to try to see him again. [sighs] It's so sad and yet so beautiful, Tom. Here's what some people had to say."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Well, our son just said to us that he really needed to see his little friend Kenny again and... and that he thought it would work... [begins to break down] if he... built the ladder to heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"[sobbing] They just believe in their little hearts that it will work. We can't tell them it won't, we just can't!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Jimbo,"[wistful] It shows how beautiful the innocence of a child really is. [starts sobbing. Other people are show crying: Marietta Kitchin, Carrie Ayers & Steve Stegman]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Mr. Garrison,A ladder to heaven? That's fuckin' stupid.
A Ladder to Heaven,Mayor McDaniels,[sobbing with her aides] These boys symbolize how we all feel about loss. Who are we to tell them it's impossible?
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,"Tom, people from all over the- [chokes] Sorry. [gets back on track] People from all over the country are coming to see the ladder, feeling a connection to its symbolism, and beauty. Even country singer Alan Jackson has shown up with a song he has written about the ladder. [camera pulls back to show Jackson to the reporter's left, strumming a guitar] Alan Jackson is, of course, the man who wrote the song, ""Where Were You When the World Stopped Turning,"" about the tragedies on September 11. And now he's here once again to capitalize on people's emotions. Let's listen in. [focus shifts to Jackson]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,"Where were you when they built the ladder to heaven? Did it make you feel like cryin', or did you think it was kind of gay?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Townsman,What a beautiful song. [the boys look down at Jackson]
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,"Well I, for one, believe in the ladder to heaven. Oh yeah yeah yeah. 9-11 [the townsfolk begin to cry] I said 9-11, 9-11, 9-11, Ni-hi, hi-hine___ Eleven. Thank you! I have a new CD out with all my 9-11 songs for sale right here! [the crowd rushes in to get copies of the CD. Jackson is pleased at the interest. The boys resume their construction. Stan and Kyle are hammering away at the top of the ladder. Cartman hustles up the ladder with a car seat]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Oh good! Cartman's back from the junkyard.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I found this car seat in Mr. Garrison's car. [hands it to the other two boys, who put it in place]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Mr. Garrison threw away his car?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,...No. [the boys let the seat drop] Ey! Euuugh.
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Flashback #2 - resumes where the first one left off. Kenny seems to be walking around in his own room. Kenny's arm appears and opens the door, and Kenny's mom appears at the end of the hall."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"Hurry up, Kenny! You're gonna be late for school! [the dream ends abruptly]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,"Kenny, do you by any chance know what happened to my Playboys? [shows Kenny a centerfold, which shows a circle where the centerfold's crotch should be. He lifts the centerfold high enough to look through the hole] Kenny?! Answer me!! [back to the present - Cartman looks dazed]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Cartman? Cartman?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[startled] Wha-uh, what?? What?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Dude, what the hell's wrong with you?!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,I don't know. It's like my brain just keeps... jacking off.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Maybe you got brain cancer.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Do you think?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Don't get cancer on the ladder, Cartman! You're gonna fall off and break it!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,SNN newscast. Graphics are shown indicating 74% of Americans believe in the ladder.
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,"The nation is rallying behind three sweet boys in Colorado who are building a ladder to heaven to be with their dead friend. [a picture of the boys on the ladder is shown] It's making Americans start to believe in heaven, again. [next segment has the reporter out on the street]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Woman 1,"Well when I see how this ladder has brought people together, how... how it has changed America, I mean, how can I not believe?"
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,[off screen] Ha do YOU actually believe in the ladder to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Fat man,"If... heaven is an eight-year-old boy, and the ladder is my penis... [the camera moves away quickly, but the man keeps up] and the pearly gates are the- [static... the camera pulls back to show the reporter back at the desk, holding a TV status pattern on paper and hissing. He notices the camera and stops, putting the pattern down]"
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,"Uh, meanwhile, the American economy cont- [gets some breaking news over his headset] wait. Wait. Wait a minute. We are getting reports now that Japan is building their own ladder to heaven to compete with the US's. Let's go live to SNN correspondent Nobuhiro Sabasurisurijuwa."
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN correspondent,"This is a Nobunaga Hiroichi reporting rive from Tokyo, where Japan has started buirding its own radder to hayben. [the tower is shown with klieg lights bathing it in light] Ahready, the Japanese radder extend faaar into space [the ladder is now high enough for a space shuttle to park by and astronauts come out to work on it] and it's growing by a-one thousand miles every day. [back on the ground...] As the endeavor continues it is becoming clear that Japan will reach a-hayben before the United States. [a raspberry follows]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, just past sunset. The neighbors have gathered around the ladder in Stan's back yard and are now singing."
A Ladder to Heaven,Neighbors,Nahurabo Nahurabo
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Excuse me. [""Nahurabo""] Excuse me! [""Nahurabo""] Uh, we ran out of stuff. [the singing abruptly stops] We ran out of stuff to build the ladder with."
A Ladder to Heaven,Man 1,Oh no!
A Ladder to Heaven,Woman 2,"Oh Jesus, no!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,Where were you when they ran out of stuff to build the ladder to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"We can keep going, but we need to start tearing down houses for wood."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"[raises his arms high] No! Agh, look, I, I think maybe this has gone on far enough."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,"Yeah... Ih it's time we told the boys the truth, that they aren't really going to get to heaven. [a truck is heard arriving]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Man 2,"[at the back, by the fence] Wait! Look! [a fleet of trucks, cars, and jeeps converge on the road outside the house]"
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"We've come to help you beat those Japs, boys! [behind him, military personnel bring out ladders and other construction equipment] There won't be anyone stopping this great ladder from being built today! [the crowd cheers wildly. The boys' parents are dumbstruck] Alpha Team! Get that support structure up! Ciranom's Team! Get us photos and recon! [the teams set about their duties]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Soldiers,Yes sir!
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,Where were you when they saved that ladder to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"[with Cartman at the top of the ladder] Man, I can't believe how much people want us to get our winning ticket back."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Candy-shopping sprees have that effect on people, Kyle."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, next day. The boys resume building the ladder, and they almost break through the cloud above them. Stan is the first to peer over the clouds. Kyle soon joins him."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Do you see anything?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,No. Hello?? Kenny?? God??
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Grandma??
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[joins the other two boys, grunting as he gets into position] Aw, don't tell me we haven't even reached the cloud city yet!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"No cloud city, not even a giant. Heaven must still be a long way off."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Alright, look. I didn't wanna have to say this, but I think maybe we're not seeing heaven because one of us doesn't believe in it enough."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Huh?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Heaven could be like the pixie faeries of Bubble Yum Forest. You only see them if you really believe in them.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,What??
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"You know, maybe we're not seeing heaven because one of us is a J-O-O."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,[processes the comment] What does me being a Jew have to do with anything?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Because Jews don't believe in heaven!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Yes we do! Just not the Christian heaven!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Right. Your idea of heaven is getting five dollars off your matzah ball soup at Barney's Beanery by lying about a hair in it.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,HAAHH!!! [smacks Cartman on the side of the face with his left fist]
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"AH! [stunned, he has another flashback. A heartbeat is heard]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Flashback #2 - Kenny arrives at the bus stop.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Hey Kenny.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Hey Kenny.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,(We can watch it at my house.)
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"In the ghetto, in the ghetto. He's a boy wearing orange, who's losing his pride, 'cause Kenny and his whole family reside in the ghetto, in the ghetto"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,"[points an accusing finger at Cartman] (Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!)"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,What did you say?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,"(I said, Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!)"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,What did you say?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[in the present] I said ""Shut up, Cartman, you blood-belching vagina!"" [opens his eyes and looks around] Did I just call myself a blood-belching vagina?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Dude, what the hell is wrong with you??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I dunno, I just, I keep feeling like I'm Kenny. Seeing memories through his eyes."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,You're too fat to be Kenny.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[amid his thoughts] You're a- stupid Jew.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Let's just keep building. We only have five more days until the shopping spree.
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The White House, Washington D.C., moments later. George Bush arrives at the Oval Office and takes his seat at the executive desk."
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Alright, how's the ladder going, General? Are we beating the Japanese?"
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"Not quite, but we have a new problem, Mr. President. Our recon team on the ladder just found new evidence of threats... from Saddam Hussein."
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,Saddam Hussein? But... we killed him! We secretly took him out months ago!
A Ladder to Heaven,General,Yes sir. And now we believe he's building weapons of mass destruction... in heaven.
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Dear Christ, that sonofabitch just doesn't stop!"
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"[flips a page on an easel, showing another page with three identical photos] These surveillance photos were taken atop the ladder of what appears to be heaven. [points out an encircled object in the center photo] Here we see what we believe to be a missile silo. And here [points out an encircled object in the lower photo] we see what looks like a laboratory of some sort for making chemical weapons."
A Ladder to Heaven,Dick Cheney,That... kinda looks like a seagull.
A Ladder to Heaven,General,Yes. It could be a laboratory disguised as a seagull.
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,That tricky bastard!
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"Sir, you must understand our fears. We must take out those facilities. We must... [close-up] bomb heaven!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"SNN newsroom, new poll."
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,"SNN Question of the Day: Now that Americans believe in heaven, should we bomb it? The polls right now show that 51% of Americans think Saddam has to be dealt with, while 49% are wimpy tree-hugging pussies."
A Ladder to Heaven,War protester,"[in tie-dye shirt, waving a ""No War On Heaven"" sign] War is not my voice! This country is just run by rednecks and bumpkins with their guns!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Redneck,"[with baby dangling from the left hand, rifle firmly in the right hand] We have to take Saddam out to protect ourselves."
A Ladder to Heaven,Fat man,"I, for one, believe that if Saddam Hussein were an eight-year-old boy, and my penis were the United States... [the mic is retracted] then there would- [the cameraman tries to avoid the man, but nope] hard nipples!"
A Ladder to Heaven,SNN reporter,[back in the newsroom] God-damnit! [holds up the snow pattern and hisses]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,News 4 field report.
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,"Tom, it's been five days since three sweet boys set out to build a ladder to heaven and capture the nation's hearts. They've made a nation believe heaven might be up there. And it could prove to be a threat to our country. President Bush will seek UN approval for military action."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The Marsh home, day. The boys' ladder is seen rising above the house, in the backyard. In the dining room, the boys' parents sit opposite the boys at the table."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Boys, it's really neat that you want to see your old pal Kenny so much but..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,But it's time for you to get back to school and on with your lives.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"No, we have to see Kenny!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,You have to understand that Kenny's body isn't up in the clouds. He was cremated.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Cremated? What's that?
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"When you die, your body is put into a broiling oven and cooked until you're nothing but ashes. [the boys are alarmed]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"What?? For God's sake, why??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Sheila,"[half-annoyed] Kyle, it's just what some people do."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Are you gonna burn me?
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,"Kyle, that's not the issue right now."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Jesus Christ!
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"The person's ashes are put into an urn, and that's where Kenny's body is."
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,"You see boys, Kenny is in here. [opens the urn and pours out the contents, which are white now. Carol notices] What the??? [looks inside the urn] Wait a minute! This is kitty litter!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[resigned, comes clean] Alright, alright, I drank the chocolate milk mix and replaced it with kitty litter."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stuart,You WHAT??
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Dude, don't you know what this means? You drank Kenny!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[knowingly] Shut up!
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"You did, dude! You drank his whole body!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,[knowingly] Shut up!
A Ladder to Heaven,Carol,Oh my God! This is awful! [starts moving away. The other adults follow] And disgusting!
A Ladder to Heaven,Liane,"[stops and looks at Cartman] Bad, Eric, bad! [moves away]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,That explains it. Why I'm having Kenny's memories all the time. His soul is inside me.
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Well, so much for our winning ticket. Cartman probably drank that with the rest of Kenny! [leaves the table]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Yeah. Good job, fatass! [leaves the table]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I can't live like this. I, I have to find a place where they remove living souls from your body."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Day, Unplanned Parenthood, a place where they remove living souls from a pregnant woman's body, if you believe fetuses have souls... Cartman speaks to the nurse, who is sitting behind a desk writing absentmindedly."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Looks like I've come to the right place.
A Ladder to Heaven,Nurse,Can I help you?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Yes, hello. I have a living thing inside of me that I need sucked out, please."
A Ladder to Heaven,Nurse,You'll have to make an appointment; the charge is two hundred and thirty dollars.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Two hundred and thirty dollars?? I just want you to vacuum him out of me and not put him up in a condominium! [a woman and her boyfriend enter the clinic. The woman sobs]
A Ladder to Heaven,Boyfriend,"It's gonna be okay, babe."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Listen, lady! You've got to get this crap out of me! [the woman can't believe what she's hearing] I don't want him in me anymore! Just suck him up and throw him out!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Woman,"Oh Steven, I can't go through with this! I have to keep it! [walks away from the clinic]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Steven,"Damnit! Damnit! [turns and walks off, then looks back in] Thanks a lot, kid! [throws a rock at Cartman]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Eh! [becomes catatonic once more, and another flashback comes]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The scene is the sidewalk. Stan, Cartman and Kyle run up to Kenny."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Kenny! Kenny! Kenny...
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Kenny! Lolly's Candy Land is giving away a shopping spree! [the last few words echo a few times]
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,We're all gonna pitch in on an entry! [the last few words echo a few times. Fast forward to the day the boys are at Lolly's]
A Ladder to Heaven,Lolly,Alright! [rips a ticket in half and hands the stub to Stan] There you go. Hold on to that ticket stub. [the last few words echo a few times. He gives the ticket to Stan and walks off]
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"[hands the stub to Cartman] Hold on to this, Cartman. I might lose it. [the last few words echo a few times]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[takes it, then hands it to Kyle] Nah, I'll lose it for sure. You keep track of it, Kyle, of it, Kyle, of it Kyle..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Okay. [takes it, then has second thoughts] N-no, ah I don't want that much responsibility-bility. Here, you hold on to it, Kenny. [the last word echoes a few times. He hands the stub to Kenny]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kenny,"(Okay!) [the word echoes a few times. He takes it and pockets it. Fast forward to some time later, on the sidewalk]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"You'd better not lose that ticket, Kenny, or else I'll kick you in the nuts! The nuts! The nuts! [fast forward to Kenny's room. He walks to a locked box by the window while looking at the ticket stub. He unlocks it, puts the ticket in, and locks the box again.]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Back to the present. Cartman comes to and knows where to go.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,The ticket! Kenny didn't have it on him when he died! He put it away somewhere! [walks up to a couple filling out paperwork] Don't you see? I can still have my candy shopping spree! Oh my God! [heads out the door] You guys! YOU GUYS!!
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"The United Nations, day. In the main hall President Bush is speaking to the Assembly."
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Ladies and gentlemen of the UN, we have evidence that Saddam Hussein is up there building weapons of mass destruction. [shows a picture of the ladder and another one of the clouds. Both pictures have areas circled in] We have tried to communicate with Saddam through a psychic to ask him to let us see his warehouses in heaven. But he has not ""re-spond-ed""."
A Ladder to Heaven,Indian ambassador,"Of course he has not responded, because he's DEAD!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Right. Dead, and in heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Ambassador #1,"This is preposterous! Even if there was a heaven, what makes you think Saddam Hussein's soul would be sent there?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"Our intelligence tells us that when Saddam was originally killed, his soul actually went to hell. But while in hell he began a homosexual relationship with Satan, the Prince of Darkness. Satan, however, decided he didn't want to be with Hussein anymore and broke up with him around August. [the French Ambassador has tuned out] When Saddam became jealous and tried to kill Satan's new lover, Chris, Satan had Saddam sent to heaven to live with Mormons as a punishment. [the assembly is overcome with silence] Questions? [more silence. An ambassador raises his hand] Yes?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Ambassador #2,"Are you high, or just incredibly stupid?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,"I assure you, I am not high."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"South Park, day. A tower has gone up around the ladder at the Marsh house. Helicopters and cranes hoist. On the ground Stan and Kyle sit on some lumber watching the military take over the construction. Cartman runs up to them."
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,You guys! You guys! I saw the ticket! [Stan and Kyle rise and line up on either side of Cartman]
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"What do you mean, fatass?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I just had another vision, you buttholes. Kenny didn't keep the ticket with him, he put it away somewhere."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Where??
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"I don't know. I got conked in the head down at the abortion clinic [Kyle looks down at the lumber, then looks at the pile behind him] and I clearly saw Kenny putting the ticket in a little red box. [Kyle fishes around for a small solid piece of lumber, then finds one and aims it at Cartman's head] I just have to wait for another vision to come. I could clearly see through Ken- [thunk] AY! [is dazed for a bit, then recovers none too pleased, then glares at Kyle]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,Do you see anything?
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Yes, Kyle. I see a DEAD JEW! [starts at Kyle, but Stan holds him back]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Whoawhoawhoa! Maybe Kyle's right. We gotta spark the vision somehow.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,Not by giving me brain damage!
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Do you want a candy shopping spree or not?!
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[stares at Stan, then resigns to his former position] Alright, go ahead. [Kyle rears back and swings... thunk] AY!... no. [Kyle rears back and swings... thunk] AY!..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Near the back of the house. The neighbors are watching the construction. Sharon and Sheila arrive.
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,"Randy! Gerald! We, we were wrong about heaven! The Japanese just reached it with their ladder!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,What? [follows the ladies out with Gerald]
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Living room, seconds later."
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,See for yourself!
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,The SNN Japanese correspondent is on camera.
A Ladder to Heaven,Nobunaga Hiroichi,"This is a Nobunaga Hiroichi reporting rive from hayben. [behind him is a set with clouds hanging from wires. Angels swing into place slowly] The great a-nation of Japan reached a-hayben today about eight o'crock Pacific Standard Time-eh. [one of the angels falls off her rope and hits the ground. The correspondent sees this and moves in front of her to block the shot. Someone enters the shot and plants a Japanese flag among the clouds] Therefore, hayben is now a-decrared an official part of Japan, because we got a-here first. And now for the weather in heaben, let's go to Natsako Semu."
A Ladder to Heaven,Natsako Semu,"Todeh weather in hebon, partry croudy."
A Ladder to Heaven,Nobunaga,"[fairly gloating] That's the news from heben. [the set creaks behind him and falls down, showing the studio.] Dame! Dame da! Bakayarou da!! [""No good! It's no good! Idiots!""]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,"Living room, seconds later."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Oh God, and we told our boys they'd never reach heaven."
A Ladder to Heaven,Gerald,Kids!
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Backyard. The crowd in and around the yard is immense now. George Bush and his staff are present.
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,Good. As soon as the boys finish their ladder we'll be ready to take Saddam out.
A Ladder to Heaven,Sharon,"Do you really think this is a good idea, Randy?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"If Saddam is building weapons, we have to stop him. With our weapons. [behind the crowd Cartman, Stan and Kyle return with buckets of candy. That conking finally worked]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Ah, excuse me everyone! Uh, we're not working on the ladder anymore. Thank you, we're done. [everyone turns to look at the boys]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Some guy,Dude.
A Ladder to Heaven,General,Not working on the ladder? But the Japanese won't let us use theirs.
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Kenny didn't have the ticket stub. It was in his room. So we got all our candy, and you can all go home."
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"Wait, are you saying that you boys only wanted to build a ladder to heaven so you could get some candy??"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"...I've never heard the words ""only"" and ""candy"" in the same sentence before."
A Ladder to Heaven,Field reporter,But... what about your lost friend? What about your fragile innocence and believing we could all get to heaven?
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Yeah, well people make us kids believe that heaven is this white place with fluffy clouds and angels..."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Yeah, but now we think maybe heaven isn't a place you can get to, maybe heaven is just an idea. A frame of mind or, or something gay like that. Maybe heaven... is this moment, right now."
A Ladder to Heaven,General,"So, you're saying we should bomb this moment, right now. Right! Johnson!"
A Ladder to Heaven,Johnson,Sir!
A Ladder to Heaven,Randy,"No, no. We shouldn't bomb anybody. These boys are right. The only heaven we can hope for is one here on earth, now. We should stop waiting to get into heaven and start trying to... create it."
A Ladder to Heaven,Crowd,Awwww. [the crowd begins to disperse and people begin to cry in appreciation]
A Ladder to Heaven,Bush,[moving off with his staff] And I was dumb enough to believe Saddam could actually be up there buildin' bombs.
A Ladder to Heaven,Alan Jackson,"Where were you when they decided heaven was a more intangible idea 'n you couldn't, you couldn't really get there? [walks up to the boys] You little bastards ruined my latest song! [drives his guitar into the snow, breaking it, then walks away]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Well, I'm sure glad this is all over with. Let's go count our candy."
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,Yeah. But what about Kenny. His soul is still in Cartman's body.
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"[chuckles] No no, I just drank his memories. I'm not sharing my body with that poor piece of crap. Stop calling me poor, you fat dick! [looks stunned] ...Oh Jesus Christ."
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Whoa. [shakes Cartman around] Kenny, you in there?"
A Ladder to Heaven,Cartman,"Stop it! Where am I, you guys? Oh God! [runs off]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Stan,"Dude, come back here! [chases after Cartman]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Kyle,"Stop him, Kenny! [follows them off. The camera suddenly pans up]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Scene Description,Heaven. Weapons of mass destruction are seen among the clouds. Saddam is right there shouting directions.
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,Keep those nitrogen capsules over there by the warheads! Right. Chop-chop. Come on!
A Ladder to Heaven,God,"[a bright beam of light lands on Saddam, who shields his eyes] Saddam. I've been hearing rumors that you're secretly building weapons of mass destruction up here."
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,"Weapons of mass destruction? Nooo! This is a chocolate chip factory. See? [displays boxes of ""Saddam's Heavenly Chocolate Chips""]"
A Ladder to Heaven,God,It looks like a chemical weapons plant.
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,"Look, God, if I was gonna secretly build a chemical weapons plant, I wouldn't make it look like a chemical weapons plant, would I? I'd make it look like a chocolate chip factory or something."
A Ladder to Heaven,God,"...Alright, just checking. [removes the beam of light]"
A Ladder to Heaven,Saddam Hussein,[giggles] Stupid asshole! [goes back to work]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Marsh residence, night. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman stand in the living room in costume."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,O Great Wizard of Gregendath. What quest do you ask of this Ranger and Paladin?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Only one thing can save our kingdom. You must bring me: a piece of pecan pie with toffee ice cream and magic shell. Hurry now!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"That quest sucks, Cartman! Think of another one!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[entering] Uh, boys, [the boys look up] Butters' parents want to borrow The Lord of the Rings video we rented. Could you take it over to them?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,You're sending us on... a quest? You ask of us to take the one video to the House of Butters?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeah, whatever."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,It shall be a long journey with many dangers on the way.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"But if the tape must be brought to the House of Butters, who else can do it?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"[reaches out and receives the tape] Very well, we shall embark on this quest immediately, father! Come, warriors!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,"Stan, Kyle, Cartman",Ho! [they head out the front door. Randy moves away from the stairs and towards Sharon on the sofa]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[snuggles up to her] Hmmm, that gets rid of them."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oooh, you're a little frisky, aren't you?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeah, well uh, The Lord of the Rings wasn't the only thing I rented from the video store. [holds up a VHS case] I also rented... a porno."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oho, you little devil."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[softly, sensually] You wanna go watch?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,Neighborhood streets. The boys are well into their quest.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,How shall we journey to the house of Butters? Through the mines of Endor or over the mountains of Grog?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[notices something and gasps] Look out! Here comes the great dragon of Perengraph!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Don't worry! I am the great wizard Motortart. I can shield us from the dragon's fire. [a car passes by and Cartman fires away at it with his staff]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Good job, wizard."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"And so the party journeyed onward: the great Wizard, the skillful Ranger, and the covetous Jew."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"I'm a Paladin, Cartman!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Jews can't be Paladins.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Marsh residence; bedroom. Randy waxes his eyebrows with saliva getting ready for a night of porno. Sharon appears in a ruby lingerie, leans suggestively against the doorway of the master bathroom and runs her finger along the bedroom wall. Randy takes the porno to the TV."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Hey there, cowboy."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[holds up the video and turns to Sharon] You ready for some hot, steamy fun?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"[smiling, right index finger against her chin] You bet I am."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"The guys at the office told me I had to rent this porno. They said, ""this is without a doubt the hottest porno ever made."" [puts the video into the player]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"[now reclining on the bed, running her finger along the bedsheets] Mmm, sounds good."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"I love that lingerie. [opens his nightgown to reveal a purple cod piece, then in a low voice] Yeah. You like that?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Mm, yeah baby."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeeaahhh. [reclines on the bed, facing her and holding the remote control] Alright, you ready?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,Ready.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Oh, yeah. [they turn to the TV. Randy starts the video]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,"[the video begins. Randy massages Sharon's arm] The story begins in ages past, in the deep regions of Middle-earth, where Scorn first thrived in the kingdom of Gelgelar."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Aw man, I hate when pornos try to have a story."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,Seven rings were cast and given to the races of Men.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,Oh yeah. [begins caressing Sharon]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Narrator,"Seven, to the races of Elves, five to the gloondock villagers of Gelgendor. [Sharon takes a good look at the video]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Wow, the production values are really good in this porno. [Randy takes a look]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yeah, it almost looks like... The Lord of the-- [jumps up and sits on the bed, aghast] Oh, my God! [quickly rises and turns off the TV, gets the video out, and reads] This is Lord of the Rings!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,But then that mean..?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,The boys have the hottest porno ever made.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stotch residence. The boys approach. Kyle knocks, Stephen and Linda open the front door."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Oh, hello boys."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,My father has asked that we bring you this copy of Lord of the Rings.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Well, thank you very much, kind heroes."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Perhaps a reward is in order. Gold? Frankensteincense?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Oh, but you are noble heroes. We know our thanks is enough. [closes the door. The boys leave]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Man, that's crap."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,Basement. Butters is drawing something on paper. His parents descend with video in hand.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"Butters, [Butters stands up] look what we have for you to watch: The Lord of the Rings."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[rushes up to meet his parents] Oh, boy! Finally I get to see it!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Linda,"Now Daddy and I have to do our taxes, so you can watch this by yourself and not get scared?"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Ah I won't get scared, Mom. Promise!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stephen,"That's our man. Here you go. [hands the tape to Butters, who goes to the VCR and puts the tape in. The parents leave]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,Ooh la lolly! I finally get to see Lord of the Rings. [the video begins to play. A man and a woman are heard]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Evan Stone,"[softly] Spank that ass. [a few seconds later, a spanking is heard]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Whoa. [more sounds from the video] Neat-o. [more sounds, a few spankings] Well, this is good."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Marsh car. Randy drives, Sharon worries. They have donned pajamas and thrown on coats."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Oh my God, this is gonna be so embarrassing. ""Hi, Chris. Hi, Linda. We were just wondering if we could get our porno back."" [buries her face in her right hand]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Calm down, maybe the boys haven't gotten there yet."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The woods. As Randy and Sharon head for Butters' house, the boys walk home through backwoods."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,And so the party returns home after completing their great quest.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,The one tape was returned and South Park was again at peace. [a few seconds later some headlights shine on them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Quick! A monster of Rivendell!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Prepare for battle! [switch to the car]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,The boys! [Randy drives up to the boys and stops. Both he and Sharon jump out and rush up to them]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,Boys! Boys! [stops] Where's the videotape?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,We gave it to the parents of Butters as commanded by you.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sharon,"Awgh, I guess we have to go talk to 'em now."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Well, wait a minute, uhhh, boys, do you think you can go get that tape back for us really fast? [the boys look at each other]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,This sounds like a really important quest.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"Yes, it is. It is more important than anything I've ever asked you to do. You must retrieve the tape. But do not look at it, uh, for it... holds an evil power! Retrieve the tape, and return it to us at home. [falling into a fantasy accent] Do this, and you will be greatly rewarded."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Woww.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,This... is so cool.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[turns left] Gentlemen, we are off! [the boys turn back to walk to Butters' house. Randy watches them leave]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Randy,"[rises and looks at Sharon] Okay, problem solved."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stotch residence; basement, moments later. Butters is looking at more of the video. He has a surprised expression on his face. Steamy action is heard."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Woman,"...Oh my God, I'm so... Mmmm, mmm..."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Oh golly. [his legs part and he points to his crotch] Hey, what's happening down there? [the basement door is heard opening and closing. Butters is fascinated by his body's reaction. Stan, Kyle, and Cartman come down the stairs. Butters reaches for his crotch for tactile inspection]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,We have come to reclaim the one tape! [Butters sits up and Kyle goes for the tape]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[walks up to Kyle] Wha-wha, what are you doing?! [Kyle removes it and puts it into the LotR case it came in]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,[walks off. Butters is saddened] The Queen and King of Stan'ses house wish The Lord of the Rings returned to them.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"But it's the greatest movie I have ever seen. You guys were right. Lord of the Rings is awesome. Eh, you have to let me finish watching it."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,"Nay, Butters! The one tape must be brought back to Stan'ses house. [the boys head up the stairs and out of the house. Butters opens the door and jumps at them]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Butters' house, outside."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Bwaagghh! [falls on his face, then quickly gets up and retreats]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,Butters! We said you can't watch it! We have a quest!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Well, then... then let me go with you."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Okay, fine, Butters. But if you're gonna hang out with us, you have to play like Lord of the Rings. [Little does Kyle know what Butters' idea of LotR is. The boys turn to walk away]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"Wuh, okay. [Butters jumps on Kyle's left arm and starts making love to it] Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, yeah."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[glares at Butters] Butters, what the hell are you doing?!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[a bit surprised] Playing Lord of the Rings. [resumes the love-making] Ugh, wegh, oh yeah."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[smacks Butters with the tape, causing him to fall off] Get the hell off me! You're a freak, Butters! You can't play with us!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,"[on hands and knees, with renewed determination] Let me have the tape!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"[takes the tape from Kyle] No, we have to return it! [the boys turn to walk away again. Butters crawls a few inches]"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Butters,My movie! [sorrowfully reaches out for it with left hand] My awesome cool movie. My... precious.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"The woods, night. The boys retrace their steps through the backwoods."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,And so the tape was again retrieved to be brought back to Stan'ses house.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,This copy of Lord of the Rings made the young Butters behave quite oddly.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Yeah, and mine parents were acting strange about it, too."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Perhaps the one videotape has some power we have not foreseen. [three older boys ride up on their bikes and stop before the group. It's the sixth graders]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"[gets off his bike and approaches the boys] Well, well, well! If it isn't Robin Hood and his Merry Men!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"Oh, crap, the sixth graders!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,Whatcha got there?
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,"Nothing. [the sixth grader rips the tape out of Stan's hand] Hey, kid!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,[looks at the case] Lord of the Rings? Ha! That movie's gay!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,You're gay!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"[opens the case and looks at the tape] What the--? [reads the title: ""Back Door Sluts 9"" XXX] Whoa! [backs up to show the tape to his friends] Check it out, you guys!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth graders 2 and 3,Whoa!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,Give it back! We're on a quest to return it to my parents!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,[approaches menacingly with the tape. Stan backs up] No way! We're keepin' this and watchin' it ourselves!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,You can't keep it.
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"And what are three little fourth graders gonna do about it, huh?!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Stan,There's four of us! Kenny's soul is still trapped in Cartman's body!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,Yeah!
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,"Oh man, I can't wait to see this!"
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Kyle,"[aside to Stan] Dude, that video is making people act strange."
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Cartman,The one tape must be returned! [swats the tape out of the sixth grader's hands with the staff and watches as the tape falls into Stan's hands] Run! [the boys run away from the sixth graders]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Sixth grader leader,Get 'em! [his two friends ride off after the boys. He picks up his bike and joins his friends]
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers,Scene Description,"Stotch residence. Randy and Sharon have arrived, and Randy knocks on the door. Stephen answers the door again."
